  this is my soulmate . 
  cammer is a piece of shit . 
  how are links like this allowed when piracy is not allowed ? 
  bieber . 
  his voice feels like getting a blowjob . 
  i wish the music was good too . 
  i hope he gets better soon . 
  love you biebs !, 
  is n't it a double negative though ? 
  or is it some kind of an exception ? 
  hey , i meant that !, 
  that 's true . 
  but i think it 's pretty clear they are very unlikely to do that so i 'm really disappointed none of the three scrobbler apps have made it happen . 
  i wish i could move back to spotify but some of the functionalities it does n't have are vital for me . 
  ohhh dirty, 
  can confirm . 
  live in a small european town and all the power poles are concrete . 
  and i have never seen a wooden one !, 
  it says to other electricians not to mess with his pole . 
  uploading music that 's missing . 
  i know i can sync with spotify but it 's nowhere near as convenient as uploading . 
  maybe on / r/hiphopheads, 
  why is this tape so god damn quiet ? 
  i hate having to increase the volume because i always forget about it and then blast my ears with something else . 
  if he did n't speed up he would n't have crashed . 
  he sped up right when the prius appeared . 
  if the cammer did n't speed up he would n't have crashed . 
  these cars are huge . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's not art . 
  just like mona lisa is just a color splatter on a canvas . 
   how thankful i am for her man, 
  dude you 're a side hoe ?? 
  / r/mildlyhailcorporate, 
  5 km is a lot . 
  i do n't know why your guys talk about running ? 
  he says they walked . 
  the dog is probably just old . 
  as someone really picky about videogames i wish there was too much to play . 
  nah you stole it . 
  it was n't yours anymore . 
  the guy you replied to was talking about running . 
  you 're right , i did n't notice that . 
  barging into his room and taking things is still wrong . 
  `` dogs are sprinters not endurance runners like humans so never run with a dog '', 
  this guy obviously thought it was about running . 
  that 's the guy you replied to . 
  you 're wrong . 
  again . 
   5km is n't long to run either, 
  again . 
  i 'll just disable inbox replies since you just want to argue . 
  sarcastic \u2260 he did n't mean it . 
  it just describes the way he said it . 
  family values !, 
  civilized disapproval . 
  / r/bitchimatractor, 
  annoying are you with you conspiracy theories . 
  i really hope they pay me for a facebook repost . 
  i want you to say this : `` i see an ad in everything and nobody ever shares an image featuring a product brand . 
  actually , it has literally never happened that someone shared a picture on the internet and it was n't an ad . 
  everything is an ad . 
  if someone takes a picture of me driving a car i automatically become an ad . 
  i am ad . 
  you are ad . 
  we are all ads . 
  there is nothing but ads . '', 
  so now you 're advertising alfa romeo * and * porsche ? 
  [ no but this is a cannon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ccdjrjm.jpg ), 
  still not an ad . 
  or polish . 
  * watches enviously in north korean *, 
  i feel the same about regular book covers that feature the characters . 
  like why does every edition of harry potter have to have a different drawing style ? 
  i usually have something to hide . 
  the stereotype is that polish are reckless drivers . 
  it knows exactly what it wants to be and it is : a great scifi horror movie . 
  that 's because he 's cute . 
  kids are the darnest things . 
  introverts can have social anxiety . 
  shocking , i know . 
  introverts ca n't be shy ? 
  til, 
  he looks way better without the facial hair . 
  i do n't even know who that is but all i can think of is * one of us one of us *, 
  damn, 
  neither of them are terrible people and get a lot of undeserved hate ? 
  i guess they have that in common . 
  this exactly . 
  the game runs well on almost anything , it even has a laptop mode to run better . 
  i do n't really remember any because i avoid the genre . 
  basically , anything that has the tag [ alternative ] on any music subreddit . 
  there are single songs i like but that 's about it . 
  spray butter ? 
  i 'm european and i 've never heard of that . 
  it 's really sad you do n't have that as a standard in the us . 
  haha i framed the picture of pregnant kim k because i love the reactions it gets, 
  i hope she goes back to pop . 
  loud is in my top 5 . 
  someone in the thread said they did n't see each other because there was a cloud of grain dust so they both drove into it blinded . 
  i hate the fact that most people on reddit listen mostly to alt rock .
