i do n't know how but i would definitely try to make as much money from it as possible . 
  i know it sounds horrible , but it 's the truth . 
  i think it is also important for people to realize , that understanding animals probably would n't mean they could communicate on the same level as humans . 
  that means , you would n't be having conversations with them , but it would be something like hearing signals ( danger !, 
  i 'm hungry !, 
  i 'm afraid !, 
  cops and robbers gone wrong in los angeles . 
  highway to hell is that way . 
  when the doctor says so . 
  that 's pretty disturbing . 
  i 's like a beginning of a horror movie . 
  * the lights went out . 
  i heared scream from the dinning room so i ran there . 
  no one was there . 
  i never found out what happened to my parents . 
  that 's what i would imagine hearing that phone call . 
  through porn . 
  i used to watch straight porn and over time i realized that i am more interested in the guy than in the girl . 
  sometimes i still watch straight porn when the guy is good looking , i do n't mind the girl . 
  i never had to accept it . 
  that 's who i am/was and there 's no need for me to even consider it wrong . 
  i probably feel this way because homosexuality was never an issue when i was growing up . 
  yes , people were making funny comments about it and gay people in movies were always source of fun but so were for example people with blue hair . 
  it must be really bad if people around you actually have an opinion on homosexuality , because that 's when they might start saying that they do n't like it , which would make you feel miserable . 
  it was just something we never talked about , just like religion . 
  there was n't need for mentioning it . 
  he changed with bad meets evil . 
  i ca n't say exactly why , i just do n't feel the music like i did until recovery . 
  now it just does n't feel right . 
  i still really like his new album , but not for the same reason i like the rest . 
  relapse is my favourite after-comeback album of his . 
  except the accents , it 's almost perfect for me . 
  what a fucking idiot !, 
  i just think that his flow is n't that smooth and he 's making it too complicated and completely lost sense for rhythm . 
  i agree with the opinion that he used to make rhymes for the beat , now he writes his verses first and then finds some beat to fit it . 
  relapse may be my favourite album of his because of how the way he raps matches with the beat so perfectly . 
  not really your fault . 
  and throat cancer does n't excuse her for beeing unhearable . 
  i would go crazy without it . 
  i need to hear something everyday !, 
  i wish i could sell the ability to grow beard . 
  i hate shaving . 
  it 's just another thing to do and grown beard does n't feel good . 
  i mean if she wants to teach she must somehow manage it so the students can hear her . 
  i can imagine that . 
  i have never seen my parents cry . 
  when i was a little kid and saw a movie where some one 's parents cried , i thought it was totally ridiculous . 
  i totally agree with this but i understand it 's not doable now . 
  there would have to be some global temporary sterilization of all people and only those who would get the licence for a baby would be given the antidote . 
  i think it is just irresponsible to bring a child to this world if you can not afford it financially or suffering from some hereditary disease . 
  what is loving family for when you are all dying from hunger or worse ? 
  as mentioned above , i meant she might use a fucking microphone . 
  for last three seasons , yes . 
  i imagined you saying it with a threatening voice . 
  such a bad ass baby . 
  you know how sometimes before you fall asleep you feel like you 're falling down and suddenly it stops ? 
  that sucks . 
  but generally , i really hate the idea of falling from big height - i do n't fear the impact but the weird feeling in my stomach during the fall that 's extremely unpleasant . 
  i do n't know why but i used to think i was remembering this feeling , but i do n't think i 've ever fallen from high altitude . 
  all the time and usually i wo n't even realize it . 
  it 's almost like i enjoy the pain and the taste of the blood . 
  not shame , but more likely a wtf feeling . 
  yes , i ca n't use public bathrooms . 
  i ca n't pee when someone 's near me or in the same room . 
  and worst of all , i ca n't pee when someone could hear me . 
  i heard it can be practiced , but try to ask your friend to stand by you while you 're trying to empty your tank . 
  no one deserves this kind of trust . 
  i do n't hate news , but i hate negative news . 
  but everytime i try to find some positive news feed , it 's just so boring . 
  it depends on what is the consistency of the shit . 
  if it 's a whole dry piece , it usually slips out so smoothly . 
  but i 've got a this friend though and because we are at a boarding house , there are always two rooms and one toilet . 
  and you can hear pretty much every noise coming out of the toilet room . 
  i can hear him shit everytime , and i ca n't remember a single time when he would n't sound like having the dirtiest diarrhea . 
  he eats at school canteen , i do n't . 
  i sense a connection here . 
  i do n't mind it but still try to avoid it , because you never know when you stumble upon somebody like you , who does n't like touching my gross sweaty hands !, 
  i love the smell of popcorn coming from a distance , but of course the epicenter is always deadly . 
  the taste is ok but i never finish the whole bucket . 
  and everytime i hear the word popcorn , i immediately turn it into cockporn in my head . 
  * butt * there 's probably a reason for that . 
  this is what happened to me with lil jon , except i occasionally listen to his music . 
  learning english has one big advantage , which may also be a huge flaw sometimes - you can understand what the song 's about . 
  i always feel sick after eating fast food , but that never stops me from doing it again . 
  so sad . 
  listening to kanye west 's music i guess . 
  but that does n't stop me from doing it . 
  but i swear that 's the only time i am being a douchebag !, 
  still better then `` sorry , netflix is not available in your country yet . '', 
  try watching this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=jks3mgrizcs . 
  if you 're laughing while watching tbbt , you 're actually laughing at other people 's laugh . 
  without it , the show sucks . 
  we still have the christmas tree in our living room . 
  it usually stays until mid april . 
  well it 's a symbol of christmas and because i really like christmas , it kinda reminds me of it . 
  our family has always been doing this as long as i can remember . 
  i do n't like calling it the worst book i have ever read , but it would probably be lovecraft 's at the mountains of madness . 
  there are multiple stories in the book and every one of them is so descriptive , that is becomes boring easily . 
  wow , some of those look really cool . 
  i 'm really surprised i do n't remember this from school .
