  you did not accomplish anything but making yourself sound like a moron . 
  i ca n't wait for the new album . 
  yeah , whatever . 
  do whatever you think is for the best . 
  yeah , fucking waterboard him . 
  who ? 
  i did n't see any cops . 
  and a muslim hater . 
  i have you tagged from before you idiot . 
  they are both equal cunts . 
  he 's not the police . 
  of course . 
  aww , a triggered baby , 
  maybe he went to a different party ? 
  nah , he 's probably the dad of the teen mod of / r/the _ donald, 
  again , why 'd you shoot for the fast lane only to exit moments later ? 
  haha , you 're dumb . 
  well , we can only hope you do n't accidentally kill someone one day , since that would be totally justifiable in your eyes . 
  guys , look !, 
  this guy is the one with superior music taste !, 
  let 's hear it everyone !, 
  i found out that once you lose a significant amount of weight it suddenly turns into you ` starving yourself ' and then suddenly nobody has a problem with you snacking anymore . 
  guess whatever you want . 
  you hate muslims . 
  good to know . 
  you hate muslims . 
  sure . 
  you hate muslims . 
  got it . 
  this advice falls flat when people only know local bands and super-mainstream artists specific for your region . 
  shawn mendes - stitches :p, 
  wow , that 's terrible ... so the song promotes the idea that bi people always need both genders ? 
  * ^ jimmy ^ carr 's ^ laughter ^ echoing ^ in ^ the ^ distance *, 
  but ... that just confirms what i sad . 
  people have this weird fear that bi people will eventually leave them for the other gender so they do n't date them . 
  i understand that gaga made a song about how she feels but it still is pretty irresponsible . 
  i understand , it 's just annoying that a huge role model is unknowingly spreading a myth that people will likely apply to all bisexuals . 
  you 've got that taylor swift personality i see . 
  that is a / r/music mod !, 
  music taste is entirely subjective . 
  my analog scale is killing me . 
  i want to lose weight without exercise and you 're making me bend over to properly see the value , goddammit !, 
  also , fuck my double chin . 
  you 're just not going anywhere are you fucker ? 
  well , the joke 's on you , i will just keep losing until you 're gone !, 
  [ mfw i look in the mirror and the second chin is still there . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9m8o-7j5nm ), 
  ugh , you just reminded me i have a pack of butter cheese in my fridge . 
  i wish i could get so worked up over nothing . 
  the same could be said about your comment . 
  more like the other way around . 
  yep . 
  this woman is asking to get arrested . 
  that ... is the correct response !, 
  superior music tastes , here they come !, 
  no , this is where we point fingers at music snobs . 
  wait , i heard from * your * mom that it actually was cammer 's mom . 
  i never understood this , i guess it 's a regional thing ? 
  here in the czech republic lots of women have very short hair . 
  women of all ages . 
  i do n't remember ever hearing any negative comments about it . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  after my own experiences i decided to not trust international multi hosting sites and just stick to the local ones . 
  goddammit , it needs data . 
  i ca n't afford that . 
  some of those are not that bad . 
  what 's it like to have your mom fucked by a faggot ? 
  yes . 
  what 's that ? 
  triggered ? 
  i must be the only one whose friends do n't voice their opinions on fb . 
  why does that even matter to you ? 
  i enjoy music a certain way and you ca n't sleep because of it ? 
  you reminded me my dad when i was growing up . 
  when he thought i was cold he was cold too . 
  when he thought i was stressed out he was too . 
  now you 're telling me that me listening to music a certain way makes you listen to it the same way ? 
  am i your dad ? 
  lol, 
  just because someone says lyrics do n't matter does n't mean they hate this real rap of yours . 
  i believe kim because she 's got a bigger ass . 
  why ? 
  this does n't belong in this subreddit . 
  what a shitty friend . 
  we can to that in hundreds other more appropriate subreddits . 
  still not an appropriate subreddit . 
  oh well , one less subreddit i can go to . 
  why would you want to disagree with her ? 
  this is n't r/askwomen , 
  ok , just ... do n't cry , alright ? 
  one incident where the biker did everything she could and people blame her . 
  in theory . 
  it would make more sense to turn on the indicater closer to his turn ( on this badly designed road ) . 
  you sound like a nice person , i migh check out your other videos . 
  there are n't many polite cammers . 
  i love that song !, 
  why did you have to get so worked up over this non-issue ? 
  this 12am thing always confuses me for a few seconds . 
  i do n't get it either , shit gets annoying fast . 
  ca n't wait to finally get the update on android .
