  uhm , calm down ? 
  your comment does n't make sense . 
  please rewrite it so it is readable . 
  oh shit , i did n't notice you 're the troll that keeps spamming this thread . 
  i read your other comments . 
  keep on trollin ' !, 
  edit : what did i tell you ? 
  ah , here we can see how fast people jump to conclusions . 
  your first sentence describes perfectly 99 % of people in this sub . 
  except they end their reasoning with that sentence . 
  itt : jumping to conclusions and blaming op . 
  * as always . 
  edit : see replies for what i 'm describing . 
  edit2 : see * even more * replies . 
  you could have rewritten it instead of writing another . 
   i 'm not excusing the truck driver, 
  you are . 
  only he is to blame that there was an accident . 
  it was funny until he turned around and filmed them intentionally . 
  i wonder how long it will take until someone gets outraged over it . 
  this actually makes me want to play the game again . 
  not buying it though . 
  waaaaay too overpriced . 
  oh , sorry about that , i did n't mean to offend you by not commenting seconds after you posted it . 
  seriously , do you even know you can sort posts by week , month , etc ? 
  that 's the magic you 're missing . 
  cool , thanks . 
  that 's really cool , too bad it ca n't download the highest quality spotify offers . 
  the font makes the site almost unreadable . 
  as someone who moved from spotify to apple music and needed to download the missing music , there is a lot of non-obscure music that just is n't there . 
  i would n't be surprised if they regularly helped customers with pirated software . 
  why bite the hand that feeds you ? 
  you know what i find really infuriating ? 
  that whenever bernie * does n't win * i have to go to this thread to find out . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  i also meant / r/politics . 
  simply put , when i browse / r/all , there are only posts about results when bernie wins . 
  some news sites actually claim that she is 28 delegates from the nomination , it 's sickening . 
  a quick look at your post history tells me you 're a clinton supporter . 
  go argue somewhere else . 
  edit : and you 're using your alt accounts to downvote me . 
  i guess this is supposed to be impressive ? 
  actually , flossing is just an american fad . 
  i do n't purchase any music from itunes so this does n't really concern me . 
  what a great psychologist we have here . 
  at a bernie rally ? 
  it 's aggressive behavior that is being punished in civilized parts of the world . 
  no it does n't . 
  ` value ' is a human construct . 
  it is aggressive , you have no right to put pressure on other drivers and create a potentially dangerous situation . 
  if someone starts flashing their lights behind me i consider them a road rager who is capable of ramming me off the road . 
  so many accusations . 
  i never said i block the left lane . 
  i do n't . 
  but just because people who do do n't have a right to block it , you do n't have a right to force them out . 
  it 's that simple . 
  if someone is blocking the left lane , call the cops . 
  do n't pretend to be one . 
  yeah , having a range is useful . 
  i eat the 1792kcal , but i know that as long as i 'm eating below 2100-2200kcal i 'm still losing weight , just slower . 
  be careful though , i read in this subreddit that when you share a playlist that contains music you uploaded it will get deleted from the playlist . 
  well , considering that other streaming services manage just fine * hiding * the songs from other people , i disagree . 
  well that 's your problem , not theirs . 
  you 're right . 
  mouthpie is way better . 
  you should n't , we do n't want people like you to march with us . 
  we can only hope it will be different this time . 
  nah , we 're just going to laugh at you when trump wins . 
  i 'm glad you ca n't . 
  maybe it 's the other way , they might have more evidence now . 
  but not a federacy . 
  sadly . 
  and if it is n't starving you get fewer ? 
  i do n't want to lie to them so if i 'm ever going to live with someone i will have to tell them . 
  the thing is , i think , that i do n't have a problem talking to them specifically about homosexuality , it 's just difficult and intimate topics in general . 
  and by intimate i mean feelings , not physical stuff . 
  i just never felt like they could understand or help with these feelings even though they are great parents who always do everything they can to help me . 
  lol , where 's my money then ? 
  it 's good to know i 'm not the only one . 
  i guess i 'm a bit jealous of people who can talk to their parents about anything and not feel awkward . 
  grass is always greener on the other goddamn side ... 
   if you 're really like me , it was a minor miracle you felt open enough to come out in the first place . 
  this is actually spot on . 
  the only reason i came out was because i was fired up from a previous event . 
  i was part of the local volunteer fire department and i wanted out , but felt bad about it because they are generally understaffed and struggle financially . 
  well , i finally decided to tell them and they were all understanding so i was like what the hell , let 's do this all at once . 
  came out to my family and on facebook . 
  i 'm glad i did it but at the time it felt like i was doing something batshit crazy . 
  i find it amusing that people will go out of their way to mass downvote bot comments . 
  it really tells you something about their subreddit preference . 
  damn , that sounds rough . 
  hopefully you 'll be able to move out in the future . 
  are you still a student or stuck with a low-paying job ? 
  or maybe both i guess , if you 're american . 
  hm , i think i 'm starting to see the problem . 
  the reason why i am not comfortable to discuss my intimate life with my parents is because there is none  but honestly , i would probably like if my mom asked these questions . 
  i think one of the reasons why i feel the way i do is because i do n't expect my parents to want to know the details about my possible gay life . 
  so for you it is just the sexual side of things ? 
  i was more talking about relationships and homosexuality in general . 
  being able to share thoughts about it with someone i trust .
