  is there a safe way to reboot the tv or what should i do ? 
  edit : i found a reboot option in the menu using my phone as a remote and it solved the problem . 
  it seems that no matter who gets the democratic nomination , the voters of the other dem candidate will not be so keen on voting for the `` rival '' and that might cause the republican candidate to win . 
  i noticed this on reddit and then on twitter . 
  it turns out to be a pretty good indicator for the race of the person using it . 
  why is such a random internet slang used predominantly by black people ? 
  is it because too many unbelievable things are happening in their lives that make them shake their head a lot ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ ^ post ^ ^ ^ ^ one ^ ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ them ? 
  i literally ca n't even hold my phone right to my ear because it 's just too loud . 
  is there a way to lower the volume even more ? 
  i really like the melody it borrows from [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4fcqhvkxqe ) and i think i might like the instrumental version of robocop even more . 
  and what do you think of the portrayal of the family ? 
  the jab at fame in the episode where the kids are in a restaurant with their dad was uncalled for but other than that i think they did a good job . 
  i do this a lot . 
  i know it sounds cringey but that is what i do . 
  i can only delete it from my music . 
  [ removed ], 
  the download button or adding / zip only downloads a small part of the albums . 
  the imgdl program only downloads 10 images from any album . 
  http://rip.rarchives.com/ is down . 
  any ideas ? 
  seriously , it does n't make any sense . 
  what else is the fat there for ? 
  it 's supposed to be there to save me from starvation when there is nothing to eat . 
  this is the ultimate proof of evolution - nothing about the human body makes sense because it 's just some random shit glued together . 
  it looks like it serves a purpose but in reality it does n't . 
  let 's say you download a playlist . 
  great , now you can listen offline . 
  but then you find a new song and add it to the same playlist - will it download automatically too or do you have to download it manually ? 
  i really miss this feature , all of the other streaming services have it . 
  btw i have an android , that 's why i 'm asking iphone owners . 
  in autumn and winter i usually wear a sweatshirt or a jacket on top and now i will have to wear a t-shirt only . 
  nowhere to put my hands , nowhere to hide my terrible posture and body . 
  i will basically have to stop going outside . 
  does anyone else feel like this ? 
  i just get so self-conscious that i start having a problem * walking properly * , thinking about every movement of my feet and my body posture . 
  i do n't want to deal with this . 
  it 's so pathetic that i ca n't even walk outside without feeling like a complete loser . 
  it 's becoming a real issue . 
  i 've been having this problem from the beginning and even apple support have told me that they ca n't help me and offered a refund . 
  it only happens in the case i described in the title . 
  none of the other players i use are affected . 
  it does n't matter if i stream the music or if it 's offline . 
  i did a factory reset of my phone , always reinstall the app when a new version is released and nothing helped . 
  i 'm just so desperate . 
  it works fine on my other android device - nexus 7 ( the older one ) . 
  just why ? 
  my roommate does this often . 
  he will turn on the tv , watch it for some time and then he moves to his computer and keeps the tv on . 
  then he starts watching some youtube videos , tv still on . 
  then he walks to the kitchen and the whole time he 's cooking the tv is on . 
  do people who do this just hate the sound of their thoughts or what ? 
  i find it extremely distracting . 
  we can agree on 90 % of topics but as soon as they express an opinion i do n't share and feel passionate about i panic . 
  i feel extremely awkward and uncomfortable and usually try to change the topic or try to make them think i agree so they drop it . 
  example - a friend who shares a lot of my values is still racist towards a certain ethnic group ( because most people in my country are `` taught '' to hate them ) and i ca n't even start the conversation with him about it because i dread any kind of conflict or disagreement . 
  it 's so infuriating because i want to discuss it with him because it 's important to me but just thinking of confronting him makes me want to run away from the problem . 
  and i feel the same way about any topic important to me . 
  it may be that i feel that i wo n't be able to justify my thinking properly so i do n't even try . 
  i get so emotional with some of the topics and my mind starts racing and i become unable to express my thought coherently . 
  i just wish i did n't overthink everything so much . 
  i tried several of them but none seem to work . 
  lots of them report keep2share as working but once you actually register there is always some error with this site . 
  it worked for a while with zevera but now it 's always down . 
  most of the multihosters dropped this site . 
  it seems that one of the reasons why i do n't have friends is that i get easily annoyed by them . 
  their lives just do n't interest me . 
  it 's weird to realize that but i do n't think i sincerely care about anyone outside my family . 
  i do n't even think it 's possible for me . 
  the reason why i do care about my family is probably because they already care about me . 
  so i guess i can only befriend people who already care about me ? 
  not gon na happen ... 
  an ai would be awesome because it would only be there for me when i need it . 
  example - [ this website ] ( https://www.eatthismuch.com/ ) looks amazing but it counts on you having access to ingredients that are either hard to get or some i 've never even heard of before . 
  it 's even harder for my mom , she is an amazing cook ( and cooks for children in a local kindergarten ) but she has trouble finding lots of these ingredients . 
  the mods i 'm interested in ( like instant tree chopping ) are usually available faster for mp but i do n't want to turn my world into a server since i do n't want to deal with updating it/server specific bugs . 
  just a funny thing i wanted to share . 
  first my roommate told me i grind my teeth when i sleep so much that he ca n't fall asleep . 
  lately i 've been noticing that i clench my teeth even during the day !, 
  what the hell ? 
  i do n't know for sure but my guess is it 's anxiety related . 
  my dentist told me i could wear some protective stuff during the night , but i do n't want to have something in my mouth during the day . 
  does anyone have any experience with this ? 
  i wanted to increase the volume of one program , but now i do n't need it anymore but i do n't know how to get it back to the original state so that all programs have the volume at the same level . 
  i think there has to be a certain point for everyone . 
  for me it was last year ( i was 20 ) when i realized going on vacation with my parents , who like to organize the day for everyone , is just not a good idea anymore . 
  plus the older me and my brother get the more openly they argue in front of us . 
  it 's not very pleasant . 
  but i do n't really know what to do instead . 
  i do n't think i 'm confident enough to travel on my own and i do n't have anyone else who would go with me . 
  i guess i 'll just stay home and be the one who takes care of our dog while they 're away . 
  i 've been steadily losing weight since december , but it seems my double chin ( the main motivator for weight loss ) is getting bigger !, 
  maybe it is the fact that my face is not so swollen overall and it makes it more noticeable , but it just does n't feel good at all . 
  what could be causing this ? 
  sometimes it feels like weight loss works in some very mysterious ways . 
  i am about halfway to my goal weight so there still is progress to be made but i kinda hoped my efforts would show in a way that makes me less self-conscious , not more . 
  it seems like the least user-friendly social media service i 've ever used ( maybe after snapchat ) . 
  i have n't been able to figure out if there is a way to comment on posts or to have any sort of discussion on there outside of the dms . 
  i always see people on reddit talking about discussions that happen on tumblr but i never see any . 
  what am i missing ?
