  * and so on ... 
  usually the most scary films for me are those that make me imagine the evil ( paranormal activity , blair witch , forth kind ) because my imagination is full of these weird faces i 've seen around the internet . 
  i love playing videogames , but unlike many others i do n't need any challenge to have fun . 
  because of this , i play most of the games with cheats/trainers/mods and always choose the easiest difficulty . 
  it does n't entertain me to overcome obstacles . 
  when i played max payne , i used the bullet time for almost anything and i had fun . 
  when i was halfway through fallout new vegas i boosted all my stats to max and i still had fun . 
  the same with skyrim . 
  or dragon age . 
  the most extreme example would probably be my love for playing point & click adventures . 
  with a walkthrough . 
  every time . 
  i have been told by many people , that they would n't have fun if the game was easy . 
  i am not competetive at all in general so it probably has something to do with this . 
  i am new here and i 'd like to be a little bit prepared . 
  right now i 'm using opera next 21.0.1432.31 and this just happened during the day . 
  in the morning it was just fine and now it does n't work . 
  it 's not an addon problem , i tried to disable them all . 
  i deleted cache , history and all this . 
  i even reinstalled flash player , but since other browsers work perfectly ( firefox , chrome ) , opera probably just decided not to . 
  is it a problem with this version or is there any other way to solve this ? 
  the only thing i can think of is to wait for an update . 
  hi , i have a problem with my se xperia ray - this problem started a few weeks ago . 
  sometimes the touch screen stops responding in the middle of using any app or just browsing the phone and the only way to make it reponsive again is to press the back button . 
  it is weird , because the phone is probably not freezing , because the press of the back button always solves it immediately . 
  however this is still annoying . 
  i have a suspicion this might be caused by an app running in background , but failed to find it . 
  i have a custom rom , but had it for months and this problem is recent . 
  [ this ] ( http://txs.io/5vq ) is a list of all my apps . 
  the reason i do this is that i am a student and spending money on something that 's not essential for my survival seems like wasting ... 
  the extension is called youwatch and what it does is , that it marks every video you watch as watched which is visible everywhere . 
  every single time you see the thumbnail of the video , not just in the subscription grid . 
  it stores the information about videos locally . 
  you can even import videos you watched before installing the extension . 
  [ here is the link ] ( https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/youwatch/?display=en ) . 
  i find it very useful and it 's the reason i only watch youtube videos with opera . 
  sometimes it happens to me that i search for some random playlists and start playing them , then continue browsing through spotify app . 
  but when i want to find the name of the playlist later , clicking at the album art takes me to the search , but not the specific playlist . 
  when i look in the play queue , it show it 's playing from seach ... 
  i just saw [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r0lcffr.gif ) and for some reason the dog 's tail suddenly became somehow weird . 
  i am used to dogs and i even have one myself and everything about it seems normal , but the tail ... 
  i had to replace my hdd and do n't have any recovery disk . 
  i still have my license key . 
  i tried to find the iso i need , but i ca n't find the one with my language . 
  could you please post a link to it , if there is one ? 
  my computer meets the recommended system requirements , but the game still lags in the later phase of the game . 
  it is probably caused by the huge amount of bubbles produced during the developing stage . 
  if there was a mod that would reduce some graphic elements , it could help to improve the performance . 
  * my laptop 's specs :, 
  intel core 2 duo t6600 2,2 ghz, 
  2 mb l2 cache, 
  800 mhz fsb, 
  nvidia geforce gt220m 1024 mb, 
  i recommend you to try it , especially when they [ offer you a refund ] ( https://www.origin.com/en-ie/great-game-guarantee ) if you 're not satisfied :, 
   you may return ea full game digital downloads ( pc/mac ) purchased on origin for a full refund within 24 hours after you first launch the game , within seven days from your date of purchase or within seven days from the game 's release date if you pre-ordered , whichever comes first . 
  this is in addition to your standard return or refund rights . 
  it runs smoothly with lowish settings , 1600x900 resolution , v-sync on and high render distance . 
  there 's even a special `` laptop mode '' box you can tick . 
  yes , they simpliefied the game overall , but it 's ideal for us !, 
  do n't know if it 's just unavailable in my country or if it just is n't there . 
  my dorm does n't allow peer to peer services . 
  i live in a country where you have to show your id before you 're allowed to vote . 
  for example : you receive 1 gold and 3 antigold . 
  now you have -2 gold and if you get gilded with 1 gold in the future , you would have -1 gold , etc. 
  this system would of course be separated from the gold you buy for yourself . 
  i do n't want to wait till december ... 
  i have xperia z1 compact running latest official firmware 14.4 . a. 0.157 . 
  i am rooted , have some xposed modules installed , bootloader locked ( maybe too much info ... ) . 
  my problem is that i have music on my sd card . 
  everything was fine , but then i put . nomedia file in my music folder to test something . 
  when i removed the file and restarted my phone , only some player apps can see my music ( poweramp and mortplayer audiobooks ) . 
  the rest ( jetaudio basic , walkman , playerpro ... ) does n't . 
  reinstalling the apps does n't help , changing settings from scanning one folder to whole phone does n't . 
  i noticed that if i add new music it 's visible so i can just delete the music and add it to my phone again , but i am still interested in why this is happening . 
  i totally fell in love with the first album , but it seems that all i liked about it is missing or done differently on ultraviolence . 
  lana 's voice is often heavily edited and none of the songs are catchy at all . 
  please tell me somebody felt like this at first and then started to like it . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6wnteut.jpg ) is where i am . 
  i ca n't find a way up there . 
  [ ingame ] ( http://i.imgur.com/akhks8q.jpg ) - it 's pointing to the rock on the right side of the one with the mammoth painting . 
  ok , so i have some problems with dai and i just need to spill it out before i go crazy . 
  i am a huge fan of origins . 
  it 's one of my all time favourites . 
  the reasons i love it so much are :, 
  * cinematic conversations , even in side quests , make it easier to empathize with characters, 
  * decisions that fuck me up emotionally, 
  * beautiful and clear ui and loading screen, 
  the problem is , dai fails to deliver most of these . 
  * cinematic anything is almost gone in sidequests , the only thing i can hope for are a few words from the quest giver and that 's it, 
  * therefore less decisions , but that is n't a big deal , main story still has them and some companion quests do also, 
  * terrible , ugly ui -- plain text on black background ? 
  seriously ? 
  way to make codex entries even less fun . 
  ui is generally considered bad , at least on pc . 
  loading screens are either caricatures of game content and an ugly pulsing something in the right corner . 
  outside the main story line you basically just run around the map claiming posts , closing rifts and collecting `` sharts '' . 
  why is it the biggest part of the game and why is it in a dragon age game at all ? 
  i enjoy playing the game , but not as a proper da sequel . 
  i really reminds me of borderlands - just repeating boring stuff over and over . 
  i have n't finished the game yet so i hope that at least the main story is worth it , but the lack of interesting side quests is bewildering .
