  everybody smokes : the movie, 
  i do n't understand , are you joking ? 
  $ 50000 a year is a lot of money . 
  it 's interesting how much money is enough around the world . 
  i live in czech republic and my parents do n't make more than 25k a year ( that 's pretty generous estimation ) and i always considered us slightly above average compared to others . 
  we could n't afford our own house , but both of my parents have their own car that changes every couple of years , most stuff is affordable to them , i was free to pursue any eduation i wanted ... we definitely are n't barely alive . 
  czech here . 
  gta v does n't have any official translation , it will be in english with the option to choose the same languages steam offers . 
  if you look at the box or any online store there will be mentioned it 's in english . 
  if it specifically does n't say it 's in czech , it is n't . 
  i 've never been in a relationship but i ca n't imagine dating more than one person at a time . 
  it just feels wrong . 
  if i go on a date , it goes well with and another one is certain , i ca n't justify dating others . 
  that 's just me though , i can understand if other people do n't feel that way . 
  those are the versions where they removed some songs , right ? 
  anybody here planning to play on a laptop ? 
  which one do you have ? 
  i have acer aspire v17 nitro black edition , hopefully i 'll be able to run this game on medium . 
  intel core i7 4710hq ( 2.5 / 3.5 ghz ), 
  nvidia geforce gtx 860m 2gb, 
  it looks better , you can create your own lists , rate games without commenting . 
  none of these offers all this . 
  i know , i tried them all . 
  the only thing that comes close is gamefaqs . 
  i know . 
  just seeing how many parents take their children with them to the cinema to see the furious 7 movie really surprised me . 
  there are so many inappropriate scenes in that movie . 
  movie ratings are ignored even more . 
  yeah , i remember playing vice city when i was younger and i was always ready to alt-tab the fuck out if anyone entered the room . 
  i do n't even care about the swearing or nudity , but to expose them to the torture scene is too much . 
  i just glance over sometimes when my brother ( 18 ) plays the assassins creed games and it always surprises me how cruel are some if the characters/scenes there . 
  how the hell does this get anywhere near children younger than 15/16 is beyond me . 
  i do n't know if you saw it but some of the close-ups were definitelly inappropriate for 12yolds ( that 's the rating here , ignored of course ) . 
  why would you show a child younger than 12yo a close-up of a woman 's but with almost invisible bikini on ? 
  should n't have been a smug asshole ... 
  that 's still expensive . 
  that 's 3/4 of a price of an office computer . 
  nudity is fine . 
  sexualized nudity is not . 
   exposing children to nudity is fine . 
  exposing children to sexualized nudity is not . 
  that 's what you should 've read if you understood the context . 
  maybe she 's not into prophets ? 
  should she pretend she likes short guys ? 
  does n't sound edgy to me , but more like someone who knows what they want from life . 
  itt : only girls say this . 
  living in a dorm with unlimited hot water , this is a regularly long shower . 
  how is anyone capable of properly cleaning themselves under 20 minutes without rushing like crazy is beyond me . 
   lifeproof, 
  your phone will never be truly alive :(, 
  not many toddlers get stoned or get masturbated . 
  where does it say in the original comment it was n't on the profile ? 
  i 'm tired of the opinions men around me have and i do n't have any female friends . 
  it 's a nice change . 
  i noticed this too but it just is n't worth it . 
  i hate buying jeans . 
  it 's impossible to find the right ones . 
  i can pick any number of them and the results will be :, 
  * too small around the waist, 
  * too big around the waist, 
  * waist good , calf too tight, 
  * waist good , calf good , ass too tight, 
  * and so on ... 
  cold , sometimes starts making unwanted sounds , dirt getting under you feet is easily felt . 
  that 's very subjective . 
  it would be nice to have jeans that perfectly copy my body but they just do n't make them . 
  in every store i try 5 or more and none fit perfectly . 
  i just have to compromise . 
  i 'd rather have them baggy than being barely able to get my leg though them . 
  so much prejudice , so much judgement . 
  you 're free to find attractive whatever you want of course , but damn you 're picky . 
  that 's because for every person telling you `` do n't wear this '' there will be 10x more not giving a fuck . 
  fashion is a personal choice , not a unified codex for everyone to live by . 
  i imagine the most common counter-arguments would be `` my tie is showing '' and `` for a suit worn couple times a year this is n't worth my time nor money '' . 
  what an interesting definition of a `` rant '' you have . 
  you 're the one being hateful and judgemental . 
  there 's nothing wrong with having preferences . 
  i have n't heard anyone use it in my life . 
  i have n't been around many relationships though . 
  it 's still extremely unprobably that only half the population would use a quote . 
  `` i do n't like black women . '', 
  says nothing about preference , that 's just a racist statement . 
  i feel like i 'm missing something here . 
  you 're sayin women are more likely to use quotes made by other women . 
  who 's the woman the quote belongs to then ? 
  i though it was just something general , not a specific person 's quote . 
  this is exactly what i 'm going to do . 
  just walk around and enjoy the world . 
  it 's probably true but it 's so hard to image . 
  i got used to san andreas feeling really big , anything so much bigger just seems unreal . 
  i was talking about the wording . 
  `` i do n't like black women '' vs `` i 'm not attracted to black women '' is very different . 
  yes , in front of the buildings on the parking spaces . 
  worked really well and felt realistic . 
  i bought it there but still went for the r * downloader . 
  how are the download speeds ? 
  if they said they were working on it , everybody would get angry even sooner for such a late release date . 
  this way they could focus on the game insted of angry mobs of fans . 
  and now when everybody calmed down they announced it . 
  sounds smart .
