  there is nothing more off-putting than comments like this . 
  it makes you look like a mindless robot . 
   yeah it 's probably gon na hurt, 
  that 's a lie . 
  there are many painless ways to die . 
  great episode !, 
  the reason why i said that was because couple months ago i was that fat person and it angers me to see someone who thinks they can see in my head . 
  you 're really responsive for someone who is n't talking to me . 
  yep . 
  this is the true definition of try-hard . 
  the pinkprint was a disappointment of the year . 
  at least for those of us who wanted a rap album . 
  i ca n't answer that , i 'm afraid that would be considered aiding suicide . 
  it 's not that hilarious . 
  she ignored the honk because usually a honk means `` i am mildly annoyed by something insignificant '' . 
  take a look at this sub , most videos with op honking are absolutely ridiculous . 
  this is a troll , ignore him . 
  ah , the tantrum brigade appears . 
   a snitch on a guy with a low end job, 
  that does n't excuse being high when working ... 
  krizz kaliko . 
  some of his albums are almost perfect for me . 
  i know he was n't high , are you stupid ? 
  i was reacting to your comment where you say that 50 was a snitch . 
  that was your way of arguing that working high is ok . 
  i agree with b ), 
  we do n't get to decide who can be high on their job . 
  does n't excuse doing drugs while working . 
  this guy was n't but 50 did n't know that . 
  now i litter because i listen to kanye ? 
  when did this become a thing ? 
  i suck dick . 
  i also like to get cum in my eyes . 
  lol, 
  [ i guess this is my comment then . 
  i suck duck . 
  i found that i am really happy if i can have alone time exactly when i want it . 
  it is selfish of me but that 's how it is . 
  i guess your mom has a non-confrontational personality then . 
  my mom is similar but she is easily provoked . 
  going on a vacation with my mom and so ? 
  sounds great . 
  but if you add my brother or my dad in the equation it will not end well . 
  my mom is similar in this regard , i guess it 's mostly dad who still sees me and my brother as his small children who need their day organized . 
  where do you usually go on a vacation ? 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  i guess enjoying time with your mom makes more sense then . 
  especially if she is easy going . 
  i really think parents can become your friends when you grow up , some people do n't believe that . 
  i ca n't say i 'm a huge fan of wild nature  i like going to parks and stuff like that but i need that bug-free hotel at the end of the day . 
  by impractical you mean it was hard to find time that would be agreeable for everyone ? 
  i like that too but i always find it too difficult to understand how public transportation works and the idea of using my car in a city makes me anxious . 
  that 's the reason why i stopped watching the it crowd . 
  i just did n't find the show funny after that anymore . 
  and it annoys me that this joke is so widely used still . 
  we 're lucky in that regard , we always had someone who would feed and walk our dog every day so we could leave her at home . 
  i really hope uber becomes a thing in my country , that will let me park my car outside the city and really enjoy it . 
  well in my country the taxis have a terrible reputation and uber still does n't have one yet so we 'll see . 
  maybe you could visit one of your dad 's favorite spots ? 
  now we 're playing with words . 
  great . 
  my original point was that it is not ok to be high when working . 
  i stand by that . 
  there 's always the possibility of sightseeing , museums , etc. 
  maybe just to get the vibe of that place . 
  sounds like you do n't like your mother very much . 
  definitely this . 
  if you want to speed , overtake me . 
  just do n't camp centimeters behind my car before you get the chance , though . 
  that 's a nice way to get yourself involved in a road rage incident . 
  i can see someone overtaking you and brake checking you for that . 
  i do n't even know how people do this , even if i play my music as loud as i wish it never is loud enough to annoy other people . 
  how can you even enjoy the music when the loudness deafens you ? 
  i agree . 
  i read this in another comment on reddit :, 
   you should n't have a right to own firearms and the mere idea that you should is barbaric, 
  i do n't care how people call it , i guess i am picky . 
  i also usually instantly know if i am attracted to a guy or not . 
  but it also happened to me several times that i became attracted to a guy after two years of getting to know him better and interacting with him daily . 
  i agree with this article . 
  there is no way i 'm playing the ng + , that 's just ridiculous . 
  it has always been like this . 
  yep , i have a friend like that too . 
  open-world games are something that just does n't entertain him . 
  i will , but it will be years from now . 
  it 's the same as with games like fallout , dragon age or mass effect . 
  i have n't played mass effect since the last game was released so i guess i may play it again in the near future . 
  these games are just so emotionally and ` physically ' draining that i ca n't play them again just after finishing them . 
  for me it 's not the gaming aspect that interests me , it 's the story . 
  sometimes i even just watch someone else play the game with no commentary on youtube because i do n't want to play the game , i only want to see the story . 
  i kinda understand him though , i felt like i was missing something by not going through with ng + , but luckily i resisted . 
  can confirm , i love talking about myself and my current interests . 
  and i think that 's the main reason why i do n't have many friends . 
  i know it sounds terrible but i trully do n't care about other people until i get to know them better . 
  until then all i want to talk about are my current interests . 
  when we become more close then i become interested in them . 
  i am literally shaking , i need this album asap . 
  as someone who lives in a one-room dorm with a roommate who never leaves the room , life really sucks . 
  he literally cemented himself . 
  i think nwts felt more polished , but i also liked iyrtitl more .
