  not by reading . 
  it really does n't work unless you take notes about every new word and practice it regularly . 
  sometimes i watch porn daily , sometimes weekly . 
  rarely less often . 
  almost never more often . 
  beta orbiter ? 
  that sounds like something a `` pick up artist '' would say . 
  it seems you do n't want short people to become tall when they have the option . 
  that 's selfish . 
  free money ? 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you 're extremely simplifying , misinforming and using the word socialist as a bad thing ? 
  good gods ... 
  i never said that , i said if someone wants to be taller nobody should be able to stop them . 
  oh no , no way . 
  someone who downvotes me because he does n't agree with me does n't want to have a discussion . 
  i 'm just not driven by bitterness , that 's all . 
  i thought those overlap significantly ? 
  when two jerks collide ... 
  so happy for you !!, 
  so cute !, 
  why does everybody have to play police officer ... 
  i also like to pretend people like this exist . 
  `` progressive '', 
   he was in the [ insert a car brand you ca n't afford ] lane , duh !, 
  ftfy, 
  haha , so many angry poor people . 
  / r/thatshelpful, 
  classic [ insert a car brand you irrationally hate ] . 
  & gt ; if i 'm the only one on the road , and you cut me off to go half the speed limit instead of waiting the 2.1 seconds for me to pass , i 'll do something petty . 
  ftfy, 
  that was a single incident . 
  that 's no bullying . 
  people who react violently to words should be locked up instead of drug offenders . 
  world would be a much happier place to any decent human being . 
  and a video of driving into them . 
  heh , i knew it . 
  getting a driver 's license in the us is too easily , that is a far more serious problem than the elderly driving without check ups . 
  probably because he came during the crash . 
  sure , downvote a comment because he did n't recognize a joke ... what a joke you people are . 
  yep , that 's why there 's so many people fleeing the country . 
  nobody is on their side . 
  [ you 're lying ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/syrias-civilian-death-toll-islamic-state-group-or-isis-far-smaller-threat-bashar-1775238 ) . 
  the government kills by far the most . 
  this is an article from january and nothing has changed since then . 
  assad is killing the most civilians . 
  right , that 's why you responded . 
  what an idiotic old fuck that guy is . 
  if you ca n't reverse on your own , let someone else do it . 
  this makes him just as stubborn as the woman . 
  could you link me to some non-fake ones ? 
  those on amazon look super sketchy , the descriptions is always misleading . 
  unfortunately does not ship to my country , but thanks for the reply . 
  i 'll keep searching . 
  rules . 
  why illegal ? 
  because it makes you sad that not enough `` justice '' has been served by a weak horn ? 
  except you used that word to voice your disapprovement with their new rules . 
  you could 've just said rules but you chose a different word to make a petty stance . 
  i do n't believe in karma but ... 
  if you allow yourself to give that a little bit of thought there probably is something more than just a forest . 
  for anyone reading this , do n't assume no guys like to be called pretty . 
  pretty please . 
  czech republic . 
  you got ta teach them a lesson , 'cause you know , they will totally remember that and be careful next time . 
  i do n't remember where but i got a program that essentially blocked spotify ads , probably in the hosts file . 
  ever since i used it , i have not had a single ad in spotify . 
  plus the web version can be cleaned up by adblockers . 
  as an emmerich fan who has been disappointed only once , i am going to watch it anyway . 
  they probably rely on people killing themselves rather than relying on the bullshit bureaucracy . 
  the right to end your life should be a basic human right . 
  i 'm not going to inhale smoke if that 's what you 're suggesting . 
  no , i did n't like white house down . 
  yeah , i have it . 
  but i do n't need this shit , show me the playlists made by google that are currently hidden for me !, 
  yeah but i still ca n't listen on my android phone !, 
  i know i am going to renew the subscription but ... damn , i want the app now !, 
  i think most people just find it funny it exists . 
  yep . 
  he might be an alright pope but as a human being he still sucks . 
  can someone explain this video to me ? 
  it looks like a fake video to raise awareness but i really ca n't tell . 
  that explains it . 
  thanks . 
  sorry if this was mentioned before but since there was the meow the jewels release recently , i think [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/aud1gnvxqxw ) deserves to be mentioned . 
  it 's basically the same concept . 
  yeah . 
  and starting a beta now ? 
  should n't they be finishing up already ? 
  oh please , you would want him deported anyway , do n't hide behind justice . 
  it 's has everything . 
  fun moments , serious and emotional moments and imo best beats . 
  i also enjoy the album but i always found encore too depressing . 
  even the funny songs are somehow sad . 
  nope . 
  i actually do n't like anything alcoholic , because the alcohol just ruins it for me . 
  i do n't know why but even though it says ` mouseover ' i always click at it ... 
  i usually do n't even notice he raps about that . 
  english is my second language so i need to really focus on the lyrics to understand . 
  woosh .
