  this is possible . 
  i have seen so many horror films . 
  this genre is my favourite and i watch almost everything that is n't complete shit . 
  you let the dogs out ? 
  well now we know who did it . 
  yes i would , but be prepared to be bored sometimes although it 's worth it . 
  i really ca n't relate , i always found more frightening things that are n't real , because it makes the idea of them being real just stronger than some serial killer . 
  ge2 is more scary in my opinion because of the supernatural element . 
  me too . 
  but it really depends on what kind of game i am playing . 
  for example dragon age , mass effect or skyrim - these games are impossible to play as evil , because my conscience makes me feel ashamed . 
  i play these games as i would act in real world . 
  but on the other hand , there are games like grand theft auto . 
  i wish he was right . 
  long time ago humanysta started looking for an answer from a sex-ed teacher . 
  and if he has n't found it yet , he 's still searching for it today . 
  this reminds me of the woman who wanted to become paralyzed . 
  yeah , i thought there was just one famous voice-over guy . 
  so there were two , but i swear i will be surprised about the third just like i was with the second . 
  so glad i 'm not the only one who actually enjoyed it !, 
  i 've loved this films since i was a kid . 
  totally a classic for me . 
  i think the sequel is way better . 
  it always pumps me up and i get some 2 extra hours of not being a total vegetable . 
  crazy in alabama . 
  i do n't understand how can people dislike it so much . 
  i think it 's a perfect movie . 
  do n't believe in god , it 's bullshit . 
  / do n't be trapped by dogma . 
  * ( follow the man who seeks the truth ; run from the man who has found it . 
  - this quote says that people should run away from me , but i totally agree with it ) . 
  i had my pc . 
  that was ( and still is ) all i really need to have fun . 
  when i did n't have the internet access yet , i used to play videogames ( my first would probably be midtown madness 2 - i loved that game back then ) , learn basic stuff about windows etc. 
  when the internet came , i was amazed . 
  i still remember creating my own email account , learning about the existence of other browsers than internet explorer ( oh god yes , the joy of discovering this was intense - and multiple tabs are the greatest invention in human history ) . 
  the piracy fever got me and i still have my collection of 900 films ( 4-5 / dvd ) from my pre ext hdd era . 
  of course tons of games and i started taking music more seriously . 
  the only downside would be my light scoliosis , moderate overweightness , extreme laziness and lack of other hobbys . 
  which generated a huge problem - everyone including me just assumed i would go to school that specializes in computers , but it just seemd that there was no school that wants people who can apply a crack for pc game or know how to download subtitles for films . 
  life can be so hard sometimes . 
  i ended up studying electrical engineering and i do n't enjoy that . 
  which does n't matter because i would feel the same at any school . 
  hostel . 
  probably because i live really close to the country it takes place in . 
  does it have to be a person ? 
  i would much prefer a dog . 
  he is going to be your ** silent ** friend . 
  i think a dog is a perfect compromise between being alone and having a friend . 
  it would be perfect to get rid of all other people . 
  such peace !, 
  life is not fun anymore . 
  not that life ca n't be fun for an adult , it 's just not that unconcerned , innocent kind of fun . 
  i sincerely believed that the anti-snow barriers along the roads are to prevent deer from entering the road and jumping in front of the car . 
  plastic bottles . 
  seriously , it is a huge problem for me to just pick them up and get rid of them . 
  i have about 20 of them in my room right now . 
  i only contact my friends when i am in need to socialize . 
  their attempts to call me usually stop when i ignore them for the third time . 
  i just do n't know what to do . 
  i love being alone , but still need to talk to someone from time to time . 
  alan wake . 
  i am generally scared of anything that alters my mind or can create addiction - from alcohol to the hardest drugs . 
  it changes a lot , but right now it 's men who think , that women have too many rights and who always talk about job gender stereotypes . 
  i am a male and i feel truly sorry for every woman who has to go through this bullshit . 
  it terrifies me that there are people , who think that your gender , one of the things you ca n't change , should for the rest of your life determine what is expected of you . 
  it 's so sickening . 
  i live in czech republic and i think it is the most peaceful and safe place in the whole world . 
  * murder is not number 1 crime, 
  * the only natural disaster that can affect me is flooding , which is easily avoidable . 
  no earthquakes , hurricanes , tsunamis ... 
  * wild animals are mostly harmless . 
  probably the most dangerous animal you can find is wild boar . 
  insects are tiny and mostly not lethal compared to what you can find in the world . 
  i can say that i am a happy citizen of my country , although it can suck from other points of view ( politics , racist society , mean people ) . 
  ok , so the films i have seen recently :, 
  * captain fart, 
  * fart limited , the, 
  * ( 500 ) days of fart, 
  * bravefart, 
  they did n't teach me that properly in english classes . 
  the teachers barely know the basics of the language . 
  he sends her picture of her house and she does n't tell anyone ? 
  wtf ? 
  she rather puts her and her parent 's life in danger to not get in trouble ? 
  i once pranked my cousin with fake emails , threatening to kill him . 
  in minutes , my mom got a call from her sister , asking if she should call the police . 
  i was really lucky , i only got yelled at by my mom , no police involved . 
  i would love to see the hindenburg disaster . 
  from a safe distance , of course . 
  spitting . 
  it 's one of the most disgusting things . 
  i especially adore smokers at our school - not only they smoke in the perfect place for everyone going to school to smell them , they also spit on the ground , so when they leave , there 's one big puddle of spit . 
  adorable . 
  i guess `` you mind if i join in ? '', 
  is not the best answer here . 
  `` only one problem , there 's only one hole , mate . '', 
  '' ... so , the problem is ? '', 
  liam neeson/alan rickman for dad . 
  jennifer aniston or michelle rodriguez for mom .
