  guardians were the best marvel movie since iron man ( although i have n't seen some of the recent ones ) . 
  edit : it seems i misunderstood the post . 
  ok , so the best movie i 've seen in 2017 is patton . 
  i usually do n't like old movies but this one was brilliant . 
  ironically racist memes . 
  i know , who would drink beer ? 
  lol this is pathetic . 
  if they focused on me you would be complaining about the lack of new ips . 
  huh , i never even noticed one of them is topless until someone pointed it out in the comments . 
  your loss lol, 
  if you use an adblocker there is no problem . 
  until you realize that 's what the guy in focus wanted . 
  now wait for someone to repost it as `` crazy driver skips the line '' . 
  it gives me comfort knowing that there are people capable of truly not giving a fuck . 
  makes me feel less anxious about my own driving . 
  yeah , the r probably fell . 
  it makes it even more hilarious when you imagine he was walking around with this transparent unknowingly . 
  [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kumf4evysuc ) would be a banger if the bass did n't make my head hurt . 
  i hate this shit so much . 
   cuz your boy be eating ham, 
   classroom project about diversity, 
  god i wish this was even remotely a possibility in my country . 
  it 's really needed . 
  that person is totally who he claims he is . 
  he does n't need help . 
  he needs everyone to leave him be . 
  what a fucked up world where one ca n't make the decision to kill himself without others forcing him to live . 
  suicide is a permanent solution to every temporary problem there is and every possible problem in the future . 
  so suddenly breaching people 's privacy is ok for reddit ? 
   healthy people do not kill themselves, 
  but this logic just does n't work . 
  if someone wants to kill themselves , why are they automatically branded not healthy ? 
  notice how nobody is helping . 
  they are just eager to keep him alive . 
  but nobody will help him overcome the problems that caused him to be suicidal in the first place . 
  they just want to feel better about themselves , not actually help . 
  locking him up will not help . 
  no , it is fucked up to force people to live if you do n't offer a solution for their problems . 
   i 'd imagine it results in less people dying , which is a good thing, 
  that 's such a cruel way to think . 
  why force people to live if you do n't offer a solution for their problems ? 
  it 's so fucked up to see how many people support this torture . 
  forcing people to live against their free will without a clear solution to their problems . 
  that 's insanely fucked up . 
  the people who created the ai should be locked up . 
  i 'm still not even close to understanding that album . 
  like , why do i love every album of hers but anti just does n't sound good to me ? 
  what changed ? 
  not porn just nice thicc cock frien, 
  not saving , forcing them to live . 
  happy to see his g r i l l b o y e, 
  damn , i feel really out of the loop because most of these do n't sound tropical at all . 
  oh right , balding men should get a haircut . 
  owning it does n't do anything if you look ridiculous without hair . 
  that my frien is tha cockest of cocks, 
  he did n't give c o n s e n t oh lord, 
  most people are just too selfish to let others do the choice of dying . 
  i 'll say it again - locking him up does not help because that 's the only thing that 's guaranteed to happen . 
  you got it feb, 
  well that 's interesting because i 'm pretty sure that over the course of my whole life i 've seen some people who did n't look good because they were bald . 
  and that 's ok because not everybody looks good bald , even if they own it . 
  sounds like you brand people as suicidal just because they disagree with you . 
  i reinstall my graphics driver daily because windows keeps forcing the new ones that do n't work properly down my throat . 
  saturated fat, 
  i have done that , it still happens . 
  even changed some goddamn group policy or whatdoyacallit . 
  reinstalling seems to be the only way . 
  calling someone with a different opinion a troll is helpful how ? 
  i 'm being serious . 
  he must be fucked in the head, 
  oh gurl he did you a major disappoint, 
  thanks , i 'll try it . 
  maybe he 'll learn to stop using his chair as a dancefloor if the budget is limited . 
  this is so accurate . 
  it shows how you ca n't avoid muslim hate even if it does n't relate to the discussion at all . 
  it 's so bad my parents never forced me to eat it . 
  roasted shit is still shit . 
  it also makes me gag and guess what ? 
  i 'm not eating it . 
  you have a point , although it 's very improbable they really meant just isis , they probably meant refugees also . 
  was n't there an online only game cracked recently ? 
  maybe they always start working on a game and it gets released sooner by the others . 
  they 're gon na crack the arctic shelf . 
  or maybe they 're going to release an ultimate crack of all cracks to crack the uncrackable . 
  that 's the case with diablo 3 right ? 
   wait , like they would deny people treatment to see if they committed suicide ? 
  i never said that . 
  i said it 's wrong to force people to live when you do n't offer a solution for the problems that made them suicidal in the first place . 
  you probably do n't have relatives living in europe , do you ? 
  and you sound like the type of person to cry about all muslims being terrorists right after a terrorist attack, 
  yeah , especially when you can watch the current president do it ? 
  too bad they 're going to die working without proper health care system that worked fine until now . 
  now we get 4 years of even more golf !, 
  yay !, 
  yep . 
  it 's as if i 'm suddenly not the center of attention of everyone around me . 
  if it 's possible to reply to it i sure as fuck will reply . 
  of course , there is the exception of crank and crank 2 . 
  that was n't my impression . 
  i liked how well they built the tension during the whole film .
