  * show how many golden eggs i need to max out the epic upgrades ( i know about the website ), 
  * let me somehow reduce the graphics quality , the game makes my phone lag, 
  * add a drone hunting mode ( kinda like locking the screen for media players ) so when i 'm tapping the screen it does n't open any menus but only lets you take out drones, 
  that 's for samsung devices only . 
  i like [ this one . 
  sid meier 's civilization v, 
  thanks op, 
  thanks op !, 
  my pick would be [ plague inc : evolved ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/246620 ) . 
  i loved this game on my phone but i would prefer to play it on my pc . 
  destroying the humanity is my hobby . 
  nope , have n't used anything like this for months . 
  nothing strange , usually google tells me when there 's something sketchy going on with my email , last time i used a vpn and logged into my gmail account it actually notified me on my phone . 
  all the recent emails are from known senders , the rest is in spam . 
  ok , i 'll do that . 
  also i just remembered that i installed the torch browser and it imported stuff from chrome by itself . 
  maybe it is also influencing chrome somehow ? 
  i 'll uninstall it . 
  it shows correct location so i guess the problem is not there . 
  gog is not russian anymore though , but some websites still ask me for human confirmation . 
  nope . 
  it 's just our family . 
  brother says he noticed the same thing so i guess it 's not just my computer . 
  i wish , i heard they are paid well . 
  [ i am human . 
  ] ( http://sd.keepcalm-o-matic.co.uk/i/i-am-human-and-i-need-to-be-loved.png ), 
  you can do what the software does natively with windows 10 ( maybe 8 too ) . 
  ha , i use the same app as op !, 
  who did he kill ? 
  damn , that 's something . 
  ok , i 'm gon na be pretty lame here and i 'm gon na say the [ iphone 7 plus 128gb ] ( http://www.apple.com/cz/shop/buy-iphone/iphone-7 ) . 
  i know , it 's so generic but i 've been tempted by apple products for so long that i really want to try using one . 
  thanks for doing this op . 
  thanks op, 
  there 's nothing wrong with this ad ... 
  the irony in this comment is glorious . 
  and women do n't ? 
  be glad you have friends like that . 
  if i mentioned i 'm gay to people i know they would find that amusing . 
  i 'm not sexist and an idiot . 
  enough to be better than you . 
  yeah , you went through the school of life , did n't you ? 
  i know people who think that `` degrees '' determine intelligence . 
  i call them degrees of stupidity . 
  seems you have enough . 
  god that was so boring . 
  i hope the rest of the series is better . 
  hot, 
  i do n't get it . 
  this is like an idea for 15 minutes , not an hour . 
  this show is not as good as i thought it was going to be . 
  i will definitely watch the rest but i might just skip through some parts ( like i did with this episode ) . 
  this is great but [ slimkat fucks up lastpass ... ] ( https://lastpass.com/support.php?cmd=showfaq&amp;id=8356 ), 
  and for some reason i ca n't uninstall any apps ... 
  i actually started skipping when i was n't enjoying it anymore . 
  i live in an environment where there are almost no women , so 99 % of people i know are guys . 
  it 's hard to make female friends in this situation . 
  i do n't even know any other gay people . 
  yep , i do exactly this . 
  it 's disgusting how much straight porn there is . 
  yeah , like the people judging his brother based on one photo . 
  fuck off you pretentious idiot . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  it terrifies me that some people may see her punishment as justified . 
  it would make no difference what so ever if we knew what she was like before . 
  nothing justifies torture . 
  calm down , it 's not that loud . 
  * triggered *, 
  most people are n't confrontational . 
  ok , i have no confidence then . 
  good to know . 
  could you make a reupload ? 
  you 're absolutely in the right but this post itself is obnoxious as hell . 
  thanks , i 'd like to know if it 's just my device or not . 
  yes , when i got to the interesting parts . 
  or not . 
  do n't play cops . 
  they do n't have to do anything . 
  because i can spend the saved time watching another episode . 
  jesus christ people , do n't play cops . 
  talking hurts my throat . 
  nope . 
  yeah , and damage his vehicle too in the process . 
  ok , this was like a million times better than all the previous episodes combined . 
  i really hope the rest of the season is just as good . 
  try / r/the _ donald, 
  of course you would think that . 
  that 's great parenting . 
  a child who 's been stressing about the subject for years is shrugged off by the parent . 
  this attitude will get you far in life . 
  hey , that 's me !, 
  jesus fuck that was intense !, 
  previous two seasons are nothing compared to this one . 
  i mean , it 's pretty easy because some people swipe right on everyone . 
   please do n't just comment `` gay '' , it 's low effort and we 'll remove it lol, 
  lol, 
  too bad they treat their customers like shit . 
  i stare all the time but no one suspects anything because even though i 'm openly gay they still do n't know . 
  i 'll enjoy it as long as it lasts . 
  i mean those you insert in your ear canal .
