  the music is so boring . 
  it 's the wrong version though ... 
  just like laughing , right ? 
  calm down . 
  nah , the original lesser version does n't even compare . 
  yeah , i did . 
  what ? 
  it was nowhere near bad . 
  another example of `` i read the downvoted comments and based on them judged everyone '' . 
  well , this thread is a disappointment . 
  i think it 's unrealistic to expect subs like / r/hiphopheads and / r/popheads who joke around all the time about anything to suddenly be all serious and supportive just because coming out was added to the equation . 
  if the mods train the users it 's ok to be joking 99 % of the time it 's hard to steer the conversation to the serious lane when the topic requires it . 
   you 're never too important not to be nice to people ? 
  yeah , as a non-native english speaker , this is how i 'd say it in my native language . 
  it 's so hard to wrap my head around this being wrong in english . 
  i 'm aware , thanks for the downvote . 
  the chance of having something to say to the 1 % of the conversation is pretty small . 
  apparently , i 'll make sure to remember that . 
  thanks for not being hostile !, 
  [ massively ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zcutnuaxg8 ), 
  honestly , yeah , this is how most of the topics discussed make me feel, 
  thank you for being helpful and contributive . 
  love . 
  anybody else playing bus simulator 16 ? 
  i actually love this idea . 
  up until ~ 2012 was amazing . 
  haha they never are :(, 
  [ this hidden gem . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72uo0v5esuo ), 
  most of the world does n't have the same fucked up drug culture the us has . 
  this song is the definition of, 
  charged with battery . 
  luis fonsi & daddy yankee - despacito ( remix ) feat . 
  economy of puerto rico, 
  i spit on your grave : tarantino edition ? 
  sharon tate as the main character . 
  i do n't really care if this is sarcasm , sucker punch is a great example of a movie that looks so good it does n't need a plot . 
  16 year olds should n't be working . 
  what a 3rd world country ... 
  my ass is sore . 
  your country expects children to work . 
  child labor is fucked up get over it . 
  you 're just angry because you live in a shithole where children work . 
  disabling inbox replies . 
  i 'll tell you what i talked about with the one friend i had at university . 
  80 % of the time we told each other inside jokes . 
  about teachers , classmates , other acquaintances , cashiers , bartenders ... 20 % was politics . 
  serious or not . 
  sam smith is ok when he does n't sing . 
  i am one of those people except i maintain a safe distance . 
  goddamn i love me some heck . 
  yeah man , the speeders ' feelings are important !, 
  looks promising , thanks !, 
  i had the same accident as op except there were no vehicles in the other lane at first . 
  then several minutes later my car suddenly starts turning and i 'm stuck facing the left lane backwards . 
  turns out the truck driver caught up with my car and decided to turn right exactly when he had me in this blind spot . 
  to this day i still wonder how he forgot he had me there . 
  lol the cammer 's bitching at the beginning of the video, 
  he has an amazing voice that works great as a feature on other people 's songs . 
  definitely healthier than toast bread . 
  if he emigrated from czechoslovakia ... 
  nothing in this thread literally ever happens . 
  mods abusing the flair to project their opinion is way worse than a bad title . 
  does n't matter , if you were born in czechoslovakia you 're czechoslovak . 
  and it 's likely he was born before the federalization ( 1969 ) . 
  my dad was . 
  ugh the straights are so disgusting, 
  how did you come to the conclusion it 's ok to share that ? 
  what a bunch of bullshit, 
  another nonsense sub to filter from / r/all, 
  i bet you 'd say that even if op posted a photo of rape . 
  it 's generally not a problem unless you want to break the law too by speeding . 
  horror comedies are like pineapple pizza . 
  jesus fuck these people are annoying, 
  it 's literally the current year . 
  use contraceptives or abort . 
  you know what 's the worst ? 
  it never happened . 
  yeah , no . 
  the restraining order had a justification and we do n't know which . 
  only your claim the guy ` was n't terrible ' . 
  look at the replies . 
  so pathetic . 
  if the genders were reversed there would be pure hate . 
  when a man does it ? 
  `` cold as ice . '', 
  `` divorces are brutal . '', 
  pathetic . 
  fucking dream catchers . 
  no , it 's still fucked up to beat your kids . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  he punched both of you . 
  he 's a monster and should be in jail . 
  he probably saw his dad do something similar . 
  it is never ok . 
  they raised you to be that way . 
  show us what it said . 
  now we have no reason to think the ban was n't justified . 
  there was no need to punch him in the face . 
  nothing ?
