  just saying . 
  here we go ... 
  hey , thanks !, 
  as a gay man who has to filter straight porn from / r/all almost every day you just made my life easier !, 
  yep , reddit is just a simulation , no real people here . 
  and hating fat people is so much better than fat people in denial . 
  no it definitely is n't . 
  i still keep finding the same amounts of good porn i always have . 
  that site is not user friendly . 
  uhm , we probably have different standards of what user friendly means . 
  i prefer to do anything on my pc to doing it on my phone . 
  i 'm also not interested in gifs or pictures so that makes tumblr almost unusable . 
  jesus , what a drama queen . 
  how about you go back to telling fat people in the gym that they are worthless pieces of shit like you always do ? 
  i do n't believe you never said that lmao . 
  how pathetic does your life have to be to hate on fat people ? 
  one can only imagine . 
  oh i 'm sorry my queen , your upvotes absolutely prove your holiness to me . 
  i am so sorry i did n't notice that . 
  who can doubt you now ? 
  not everyone is an asshole . 
  his point was that maybe that person was used to driving on the other side of the road - meaning they were used to going counterclockwise , not clockwise like they do in the uk . 
  maybe they 're just a tourist . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  why not ? 
  are fathers forbidden to buy them ? 
  it 's still pathetic to downvote the guy . 
  not saying you did it but at least 77 people did . 
  just pathetic . 
  people who downvoted you are pathetic . 
  or maybe they just are n't reactionary morons who need to comment on every single thing . 
  as you wish my queen . 
  he was not downvoted for `` not contributing to the discussion '' . 
  he was downvoted because he found a strange word in the dictionary that a certain part of the world knows as a joke and gave him shit for it . 
  it 's not that hard to imagine . 
  i mean , they are still one company and a new one when it comes to producing shows so there is n't that much to choose from . 
  i think people here are forgetting that just because netflix 's shows are mostly regarded as excellent does n't mean everyone has to choose at least one . 
  just because netflix has a series of most genres does n't mean you have to like at least one of them . 
  damn , i ca n't even imagine watching the show i love twice . 
  this is insanity . 
  as a gay man who 's into rape porn i must disagree , 
  jesus christ , stop screaming at him that he 's alright , he obviously is n't . 
  as a european man i can confirm this to be very accurate . 
  i gave up on discussing sexism with people because they either laugh in my face or get angry . 
  the same is true about racism . 
  well they are * asking * so ... 
  how is it better ? 
  he 's hot though . 
  jesus christ , people here really have to calm down and stop downvoting op . 
  yes it is . 
  this person does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  is n't corn a vegetable ? 
  i wanted to kill kenny ever since his family died , finally got the chance . 
  ** because it is . 
  there is nothing wrong with wanting to commit suicide . 
  it 's a choice anybody can make and it 's only for them to decide if it 's the right thing to do . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  it 's a choice anybody should be able to make without any repercussions . 
  it got better for you . 
  do n't force people to keep suffering when there is a way out . 
  yep , * no * human life is valuable . 
  no , it absolutely can not be moderated in any way . 
  that will turn people crazy if they are forced to live . 
  no , i actually agree that no human life is valuable . 
  we are parasites destroying the earth . 
  nothing wrong . 
  it 's a basic human right . 
  we ca n't force people to live , that is insane . 
  no it is n't working fine . 
  they have one of the worst systems of oppression of suicidal people in the world . 
  you 're the one trolling and karmawhoring . 
  i mean what i said . 
  life is evil . 
  wow , this is exactly how i feel too . 
  the world is just too complicated and i do n't want to adjust to it . 
  i refuse to . 
  stop twisting his words you asshole . 
  what ? 
  i never said a thing about any religion . 
  i said that life is evil . 
  it just * does n't * get better . 
  the world is too fucking complicated and you 're just making it worse by ridiculing him . 
  this is bullshit . 
  by the age of 21 you have actually reached your final personality and it is not going to change . 
  there is n't just one right choice . 
  any choice he makes is the right one for him . 
  all people are terrible . 
  life is disgusting . 
  i ca n't stand this bullshit propaganda of life . 
  who fucking pays you to lie here ? 
  there is no point in living . 
  * he posts on reddit about how he 's judgemental about other people, 
  yeah , i 'm the one trolling . 
  you 're the one insisting that life has value . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's the trash of the universe . 
  not a big deal ? 
  is disgusting . 
  the same is true about south park . 
  even family guy is more funny than the last 10 seasons of sp .
