  i did try it , but usually it makes my mind go even crazier , probably just a practice problem as you mentioned . 
   another option would be to start a journal of some sort . 
  tried that . 
  problem is , when writing i feel forced to express myself . 
  it blocks my mind and i ca n't think of anything to write down ( or maybe i do but i have a problem forming sentences ) . 
  i usually end up writing something silly and ` funny ' because writing anything serious is exhausting . 
  this made most of my school writings trash . 
  click on the first song , scroll down , hold lshift and click on the last song . 
  now you have all songs selected . 
  this argument does not apply in post-communist countries . 
  most guys i know do this . 
  i actually felt weird closing the door . 
  dorms can be interesting . 
  good jaaaaab !, 
  could you explain this to me ? 
  why are they holding their shoes like that ? 
  nooo , they bring luck to the household and overall are the bestest bros !, 
  me neither , i still almost passed out just thinking about the smell . 
  if that 's true i 'll check it out later . 
  for some reason i have trouble finding good videos with asian guys . 
  the only conditioning i 'd need in that situation is the air one . 
  i bought a 128gb sd card for my phone and i must tell you ... pinning 100gb worth of albums , one by one , was one of the worst experiences of my life . 
  do this on desktop :, 
  for downloading full discographies , go to the artist page , view all their songs and put them in a playlist , make it offline in phone . 
  do this in phone app :, 
  selecting individual albums for offline use . 
  for some reason , after some time , i had to wait about 5 seconds for the menu to open , so brace yourself for very frustrating process of tap & wait . 
  sure . 
  drive on your own roads . 
  go to a circuit . 
  just like owning a gun . 
  you can have it and transport it across state 's property , but shooting for fun is on restricted places only . 
  me too . 
  if it makes the roads safer , why the hell not . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen so biased news website as this one . 
  if he did cut her off , her reaction was pretty weak . 
  at least bash his head with a baseball bat for fuck 's sake !, 
  what is this ? 
  where is he claiming he took these pictures ? 
  what he wrote in this context means that he likes this type of food , not that he is at the moment eating this specific food that he himself photographed . 
  nice work man !, 
  one of my favourite tracks , i wish they released it officially . 
  i 'm czech . 
  german used to be mandatory , now it 's probably english or they give you a choice . 
  20m , twice a week mostly . 
  most of the week i share a dorm room with my roommate and he never leaves and barely goes to school , plus our dorm has no curtains so ... 
  i just wait until i get home . 
  i usually do n't masturbate more than once a day , more than twice is unthinkable . 
  cringy are the guys talking at her . 
  his head is so tiny . 
  this has to stay in the alpha version forever , because this is alpha as fuck . 
  i wish i could change any car to a taxi !, 
  i want to be able to drive customers in my modified cars . 
  my experience is the exact opposite . 
  spotify never managed to pick good songs for radio , i usually ended up with already upvoted songs or even the downvoted ones . 
  i have been using it since it launched in my country . 
  google music has been better from the start for me . 
  huh , i thought you were being sarcastic for a minute . 
  i think they do n't disappear , you just ca n't play them anymore . 
  now i know it 's not the explanation , but i thought the video was showing what will happen after the boy gets in town ( after the crash ) . 
  this is why i hated camps . 
  it attracts idiots . 
  why does english use those weird versions of words like reich or f\u00fchrer ? 
  you also came to a conclusion and seem to be quite passionate about a law you have n't read . 
  well it is n't bad , i 'd actually watch that . 
  never seen et though , it 's just boring now . 
  that was my favourite thing about the movie . 
  the sound is just incredible !, 
  lol basic human right, 
  no , growing a plant is not a basic human right . 
  it sounds to * me * like you 're high right now . 
  itt : my taste is superior , fuck you . 
  if the replacement is good , why not . 
  this annoyed me as well . 
  i tried so many extensions and none seemed to work the way i wanted . 
  the only one that actually does is [ youwatch ] ( https://addons.opera.com/cs/extensions/details/youwatch/?display=en ) but it 's an opera extension only . 
  so if you really want to have your videos marked properly ( like i did ) use this browser for youtube . 
  the database of marked videos is transferable . 
  some other crap we get used to because we have to ? 
  i do n't know . 
  and i do n't care really . 
  if it lets me sort the channels at least a little bit i 'm fine with that . 
  that 's the only option i have . 
  i was just thinking `` do n't fall on the car you fucking idiot , damaging someone 's property is your thing '' . 
  how can you even afford to sue someone if you ca n't even buy yourself food ? 
  can confirm . 
  i did n't know the movie existed until now . 
  am definitely going to watch it because it got negative attention on reddit . 
  it does n't make any harm , it only annoys those who want to be annoyed . 
  because you usually speed . 
  yeah , because only your childhood counts . 
  yet you still care enough to comment . 
  i 've never seen an adult do this . 
  in my experience , only small children do this when allowed by their mother . 
  ohhhh , i thought `` 19 kids and counting '' was an upcoming documentary about him . 
  they do when 5 years is one quarter of your life . 
  i doubt your nephew would enjoy pitch perfect 2 . 
  you must enjoy it to say it 's a classic . 
  every time i go on vacation to italy , i always find these souvenir shops full of nazi symbols , mussolini mugs , etc. 
  it 's bizarre .
