  when the dad came he stopped attacking . 
  if you 're for treating him like an adult the reasonable option was to call the police . 
  if your child is brutally beating someone the first option is the only way to go . 
  the second one is uncivilized . 
  you just do n't punch people in the head . 
  that 's not parenting . 
  that 's assault . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  but you know what ? 
  punch your kids if you think it 's for the best . 
  who am i to judge . 
  disabling inbox replies . 
  have fun ,, 
  the cloud backup feature is amazing , i just wish it did n't pop up so often to confirm and then the google window . 
  i 'm just glad the kid got laid . 
  the league of extraordinary gentlemen, 
  it has happened to me so many times that i finally watched a movie i had on my hdd for ages thinking it 's considered a classic and then i come to imdb and it 's below 6 . 
  yeah , but why rate a movie you know you 're not going to enjoy ? 
  when i know a movie i 'm watching is n't for me i just turn it off after max 20 minutes . 
  fun fact : the matrix sequels are not underwhelming . 
  there was a lot of intentional humor . 
  just like any emmerich movie . 
  it 's the only sw movie i like . 
  in saving private ryan when they shoot the czech guy . 
  lol dae feminism does n't make sense xd, 
  as someone who 's never been there , the name sounds like another generic fast food place . 
  i 've never even thought of not paying cash in a restaurant . 
  i would never, 
  very quickly put together :, 
  lost in paradise, 
  what now, 
  love without tragedy / mother mary, 
  pour it up, 
  mad house, 
  red lipstick, 
  wait your turn, 
  man down, 
  do n't stop the music, 
  umbrella, 
  disturbia, 
  but his music is boring ... 
  true , i forgot about them . 
  it just seems like there are so many characters i ca n't keep up . 
  but honestly there seems to be enough characters to last forever . 
  i do n't really know what i expected . 
  people buy it because it 's the only thing available . 
  the reality is cruel and full of ginger . 
  i do n't get the logic here . 
  posting links to pirated music is banned here but uploading it to soundcloud/youtube and * then * posting it is ok ? 
  where 's the line ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not complaining i just do n't understand . 
  i 'm tired of people making fun of hip hop . 
  i personally know only one guy who listens to it . 
  magna carta and encore . 
  i do n't pay attention to lyrics that much or like silly lyrics . 
  i 'm not old enough to agree with you . 
  czech republic . 
  and i 'm a student so there are n't many ` mature ' people among my friends . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  eww what 's that green stuff ? 
  i liked it but i think the mothman legend deserves a much scarier film . 
  i know what you mean !, 
  my arms are crazy tiny but i have a double chin and fat rolls . 
  comparing my arms to my stomach is so freaky . 
  then of course there 's / r/everythingeverhappens, 
  wow your progress is amazing, 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  glad to see someone else who also lost weight by counting calories only !, 
  or you know do n't do any of it since it 's not necessary to be hot . 
  the founder is / u/o2pb any comment on this ? 
  if it 's delivered by chris brown , sure . 
  uhm ... this sub is almost the same . 
  i do n't even pay attention to genres that much . 
  seems like the more music i discover the blurrier the lines get . 
  i used to sort music into genre playlists now i only have mood and tempo playlists . 
  it 's gon na be drama alright . 
  established franchises, 
  directors whose movies i 'm guaranteed to like, 
  movies that got my interest during the promotional period, 
  ratings on sites like imdb, 
  friends ' recommendations, 
  random movie from an unofficial source, 
  good poster, 
  * star wars * is a cartoon . 
  it always pisses me off when people say `` it costs $ 19.99 '' . 
  no it fucking does n't , it costs $ 20 , stop helping their marketing . 
  it 's interesting that sometimes the smoke does smell pleasant but sometimes it 's absolutely vile . 
  o ye of little faith, 
  [ and i would have gotten away with it too , if it were n't for you meddling kids ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aahxuga.png ), 
  honestly , i do n't understand how someone with a computer and an internet connection has ` nothing to do ' . 
  just with this you can :, 
  * watch any movie/tv show there is, 
  * play countless videogames, 
  * listen to every piece of music there is, 
  * watch online video content, 
  * talk with people all over the world, 
  * create, 
  * educate yourself, 
  * read articles , blogs , social media, 
  it 's obscenely good .
