  i can , because that is the default state . 
  your claim is the extraordinary thing that needs proof . 
  it 's not media reports , it 's tabloid gossip garbage . 
  still , even if it was reported by actual media it would be an extraordinary claim . 
  meaning it is claiming more than nothing . 
  wow , i 'm liking the answers in this thread . 
  games i actually love are in top posts on reddit ? 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  btw , mine would probably be gta san andreas , but just because of the memories . 
  have you tried dragon age ? 
  i 've just started a new game of sims 4 , this time i want it to last more than one generation . 
  i already managed to have 4 kids and the wife is pregnant again . 
  poor woman , always dizzy and peeing like a partridge . 
  but i need that huge family !, 
  and thanks to that twin bug it will get big fast . 
  i had to wach the alien game on youtube because it was too scary . 
  me too !, 
  right now it 's my most expected game . 
  2nd would be the new season of walking dead . 
  i agree that the combat in dragon age is not that great , i almost wish i could just watch it like a movie and only make the decisions in conversations . 
  what do you think about the movie ? 
  i have never played the games , does the movie compare ? 
  [ ai n't it , jay ? 
  that 's not normal . 
  yeah i agree . 
  this wo n't motivate anyone . 
  i did 10 and i was done . 
  30 situps and i could barely go down the stairs the next day . 
  actually it does . 
  it does n't matter , it is exercise for some of us . 
  you did n't say that . 
  you just made fun of us . 
  take your own advice . 
  it is ... 
  it is an exercise . 
  yes it is . 
  not everyone can have it that even . 
  situps are way easier for me than pushups . 
  that 's what assholes say when they know they 're being assholes . 
  yeah that will totally happen . 
  better not exercise at all then . 
  it is not guaranteed you will fall in love with exercise . 
  it is is n't . 
  you do n't need microsoft to be an asshole . 
  you 're so an asshole . 
  damn , that 's so unnecessarily uncomfortable . 
  give this guy a medal . 
  they are shitty cooks then . 
  well done steak tastes very good . 
  sounds like the people visiting the community college are more mature if they have better things to do then partying . 
  americans do n't even realize how cheap their gas is if they can afford to do that . 
  yep , the leds are better . 
  wow that 's a really flat area . 
  it was an awesome movie . 
  this comment is not helpful to those who still have that problem . 
  ** i can taste the salt from your downvotes . 
  because those who do n't have any problems do n't want to admit others do . 
  you 're not helping by saying `` not me . '', 
  that 's not discussion . 
  plus he did start a discussion about microsoft 's disgusting tactics . 
  not a discussion when all you have to say is `` not me . '', 
  others can share their experience with the same problem , and those who do n't have the problem can abstain from the discussion because their experience is not relevant . 
  all i had to do was to sit in the seat i paid for , nobody wanted me to exercise . 
  it obviously is . 
  are you ok ? 
  stroke much ? 
  water is such abuse !, 
  cute . 
  the cat is obviously relaxing . 
  it 's just chilling . 
  the cat is fine . 
  i agree , but i felt the same way about most movies based on comics , maybe except raimi 's spiderman 1/2 and the dark knight . 
  i own a dog . 
  i speak to her but do n't expect her to understand . 
  same here . 
  i hate the feeling when you accidentally step on one . 
  and wow , i did n't know chrome supports emojis . 
  ok . not that i would put a cat in water anyway , unless i would want to clean it . 
  i mean , duh . 
  can you recommend some books to me so i can learn to read ? 
  preferably books that i can read without the ability to read . 
  maybe some picture books ? 
  in my experience ( and it is only my experience ) people in college either stay in their room all day or party at least every other day . 
  i seriously do n't know any other type of person . 
  agreeable discussion is still a discussion . 
  poor tail . 
  uhm ... 
  yeah . 
  just like that . 
  i know , 
  how do you spell that ? 
  and ? 
  please help me . 
  they never do :(, 
  i know . 
  more like for wearing a burqa . 
  after watching the movie `` pride '' i am not surprised . 
  this is the main issue for me too . 
  i do n't really care about the health side since that is not why i 'm losing weight but feeling hungry is a huge issue . 
  this sub is so cancerous with the downvotes .
