  i was raised in a family where we could n't swear and now i enjoy it far more than some friends whose parents swore like a motherfucker . 
  you need a big chalk . 
  exactly . 
  anger is an emotion just like any other and it needs out . 
  for the same reason people should n't be afraid to cry more . 
  parental leave for men is actually a thing in many countries . 
  in my country even both parents can take the leave , but only one is paid . 
  i like being exposed to different opinions on various topics . 
  it never really got boring for me but i found out that it just is n't as funny as when you watch youtube videos of semi-professional comedians playing it . 
  this is just about your current mindset . 
  you just do n't feel it right now . 
  try again in a year and you might like it . 
  i used to love the game , but now i just do n't enjoy it as much . 
  i often hear people say that the first game is way better than the second one . 
  i only played the first so i ca n't tell but i enjoyed it . 
  how exactly is infinite better ? 
  i never finished the tutorial in the first game , it was so frustrating i just gave up . 
  single or multiplayer ? 
  is n't mw2 considered better than mw ? 
  i would agree . 
  i think many people hate this game , but since there 's no other option , we might as well stay around and see what happens next . 
  every subreddit has it in rules and those bars that appear when you move your mouse over the downvote button , yet most people still downvote others with different opinions . 
  i think the advanced warfare campaign was actually a huge improvement over the black ops mess . 
  or did you mean bo ? 
  there was that one mission with those god damn dogs runnig at you that i hated , other than that i enjoyed the game too . 
  mad world by gary jules . 
  there 's no other song more powerful . 
  those words are an equivalent to what marijuana is for drugs !, 
  starter drugs and starter curse words are a thing !, 
  that 's very true . 
  glad they improved it . 
  that situation you are describing must 've been in one of the worse parts of the series ( waw or bo ) because i know i am dreading this every time i play any shooter videogame and it has happened only once or twice in cod series . 
  i ca n't judge the multiplayer though , i tried it once and was very bad at it . 
  but seriously , i hope this has improved over time ? 
  my parents used to be very prudish but with time they stopped caring so much . 
  that boy shot by todd !, 
  how is that not an automatic answer ? 
  i think of them * all the time * ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  in my experience with my friends they 're already doing it now ... 
  black mirror , a classic point and click adventure game . 
  then there might be a posibility of a hd remake . 
  scary movie 3 . 
  if you think about it like this then andrea is the same for hating walter . 
  i hope my father would understand this . 
  i am 19 , living at a dorm and studying at an university , yet he has the need to call me almost every single day to ask me how my day was . 
  mmlp2 . 
  i know it 's not objectively his worst album , but i enjoy it the least . 
  i just do n't like his flow at all , it just spoils the album . 
  songs like evil twin are still awesome though . 
  and shady xv is almost unlistenable for me ... 
  i wish he just slowed down and made his flow smooth as it used ti be . 
  me too . 
  it 's one of those subreddits that could be merged with / r/mildlyinteresting and nothing would change . 
  no voting based on agreement/disagreement but relevance to the topic , as reddiquette recommends . 
  it 's so fucking hard and i can tell lots of other people have that problem too . 
  [ blamesociety ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucohfgol208czbsslxgmnuia ) !, 
  those guys are incredibly cool , nice , funny and creative . 
  love them . 
  playing candy crush saga relaxes the mind and body and makes things easier . 
  i have too many let 's play channels i watch currently but theirs is definitely on my list !, 
  yeah !, 
  too bad he was born after wwii , serves him right . 
  we know nothing about him nor the father . 
  maybe the boyfriend is just a nice guy . 
  me too . 
  what the hell is wrong with people in this subreddit ? 
  everytime op indicates he/she is n't comfortable following top commenter 's advice he/she 's downvoted to hell . 
  and there 's always someone ready to reply with some snarky-ass comment that basically indicates that if op disagrees then he/she can go fuckthemselves . 
  why ? 
  because fuck people immediately not following your perfect piece of advice ? 
  beautiful song . 
  you are very handsome . 
  you 're not going to convince him by being mean . 
  some people here look ready to hunt him down if he does n't comply . 
  it 's still better than both black ops games and world at war . 
  what kind of a sorcerer are you ? 
  i learned how to drive with a manual and i still have problems with it . 
  i just wandered how he managed to drive a manual without experience . 
  some like it and some do n't . 
  i do n't like drinking , because i have n't found any alcoholic drink that tastes good , but i like being drunk . 
  so i usually do n't drink unless i can get completely wasted . 
  i ca n't imagine this going well in / r/relationships . 
  have you ever tried walking barefoot outside ? 
  check your feet when you come home , you will not be pleased . 
  i will because i have done so several times and no matter how dry and clean the sidewalk in front of my house is , it will never be as clean as the floor in my house . 
  unless i take off my shoes . 
   ignorance is okay unless you are n't interested in fixing it once pointed out . 
  this sentence does n't make sense . 
  ignorance is being uninterested in changing yourself . 
  if you are willing to change when pointed out , you are not ignorant and have n't been before . 
  therefore ignorance is not ok . 
  the only thing i want from spotify is to let me upload my own music like google music does . 
  the way spotify is now it will never be my only source of music . 
  some artists missing , no mixtapes or no albums from obscure artists whos albums were never on sale ... 
  at least spotify lets you see when a song becomes unavailable . 
  but it will make you wonder how much better it could have been anyway . 
  it 's like people saying `` do n't watch the last season of scrubs , that show ended with 8th season . '', 
  yeah , but knowing that there is another series i do n't like is worse than not having any . 
  yeah , i pretty much love everything he 's done before mmlp2 . 
   is often used as an insult to describe individuals who deliberately ignore or disregard important information or facts,
