  i do n't think there are any , but there are tons of old dudes who were insanely hot when they were young . 
  i meant from my point of view , i understand that for others lots of those guys can be quite sexy . 
  yeah , that 's what i care about . 
  no , i do n't really like the overly manly types . 
  i think it 's normal for a 21 year old to not like 60 year old dudes , do n't know what you 're trying to prove here . 
   effeminate looking twinks, 
  well , that 's my type . 
  thanks . 
  the original is really good . 
  yep , it 's pretty nice . 
  i recommend you to do just that . 
  just calm down already, 
  and they just have to keep zooming and moving . 
  i found a solution , changing the charging cable did the trick . 
  now it charges really fast . 
  i changed cables before buying the dock but they all charged the tablet slowly . 
  now one of these cables charges it fast through the dock . 
  prick . 
  exactly , that 's the worst thing about it . 
  i guess i 'm scared the person is going to embarrass themselves and then i will feel embarrassed as well . 
  and if they actually do fuck up while i 'm watching it feels as if it was happening to me . 
  basically , when watching these situations i am putting myself into them and experiencing them through the people i 'm watching . 
  it 's really hard to explain because that how i 've always felt and it seems normal to me . 
  i basically ca n't watch most of live tv , listen to the radio shows , etc. 
  for example , there is an interview of an interesting person i want to watch but if that person does n't talk with extreme confidence i ca n't watch it . 
  i do n't think anyone would want to help me deal with something like this . 
  i already have experience with therapy but what really keeps me from trying is how hard it is to actually get a session . 
  it takes so much time , patience and work that i do n't even want to do it again . 
  well , this is just funny . 
  what i meant was that the process of * searching for therapists in my area -  contacting a therapist -  getting a session -  waiting weeks for a session -  finding out that the therapist is an insensitive prick * is exhausting , especially if you have to repeat it several times in a row . 
  why is it wrong ? 
  listen to an audiobook . 
  uhm ... 
   william is mib ( 99 % ) . 
  how so ? 
  honestly i do n't understand how exactly was this episode supposed to reveal this plus the fact that there are multiple timelines . 
  right , i think i 'm beginning to understand that there are ( two ? ), 
  timelines . 
  i still do n't understand what the hell is mib doing and why is he being hurt by the hosts without any intervention by the park staff . 
  i just feel sorry for him . 
  eh , music taste is entirely subjective . 
  yeah , still not as bad as throwing a fucking rock and shattering a window . 
  ok , another glorification of a dickhead . 
  i 'd rather have my car not damaged than `` be right '' . 
  fuck that . 
  i just wonder what makes some of the people honk . 
  how idiotic do you have to be to honk when the traffic is not moving ? 
  fucking christ , this is my worst nightmare . 
  i clench my teeth every time i 'm approaching a situation like this because you never know if they 're going to be an idiot or not . 
  ok , this guy is a hypocrite . 
  scene two already is proof of that . 
  if you change lanes so fast and so suddenly you ca n't be surprised someone is going to do it too . 
  just because the road markings tell you you can does n't mean you should . 
  so many people do n't understand that . 
  goes for both of them . 
  not necessary , this reply is a good proof of your attitude . 
  no , you 're the real jerk . 
  why is islamophobia tolerated on this subreddit ? 
  i definitely support blm in doing this . 
  this is / r/watchpeopledie , not / r/cantseeshit, 
  russian roulette . 
  this movie is absolutely worth any amount of wait . 
  til mcdonald 's has exact shapes of nuggets . 
  i though they were random . 
  and a child ... 
  he 's racist towards the store clerk . 
  and the whole movie has a negative bias towards poor people and minorities . 
  what did it for me was the scene where he pulls out a gun because they do n't serve him breakfast in the restaurant . 
  he 's just an entitled white guy who 's angry that the world does n't revolve around him so he starts hurting people . 
  i see a trump supporter in him . 
  i do n't know , to me he seemed like an asshole who decided to be even more of an asshole and for some reason people adore him for it . 
  i 'm not buying that there is nothing racist about it but i guess that just depends on what we see as racist . 
  we also ca n't say that something was ok because that 's how it was at the time . 
  although the main thing i do n't understand is how people can glorify him or even empathize with him . 
  he 's not in the right . 
  he may feel wronged but the only thing he 's actually doing is standing up to progressive society . 
  he 's a madman who snapped and i really do n't like the fact that we 're supposed to cheer for him . 
  honestly , as someone who went through this , not funny . 
  wait , was n't there a change ? 
  i thought even self posts give you karma now . 
  i know , i was just confused . 
  i ca n't dismiss it like that . 
  i still remember all the negative emotions and i know it was n't right to freak out at me like that . 
  i try to learn from my parents ' mistakes . 
  huh , take a pill grandpa and go on dreaming about the evil millennials ruining the country . 
  my dad thinks that anyone using swear words is scum . 
  hard to listen to any music around him . 
  luckily i do n't have to ( and i almost never did ) . 
  i grew up with strict parents who , now that i 'm an adult , turned into not so strict parents . 
  but i still remember what they were like at their worst . 
  i still had it much better than many of my friends but i just ca n't forget the times of fear and anxiety . 
  mine neither but that does n't mean i can listen to hip hop around them with hearing their disapproval . 
  the outraged meninists in this thread are hilarious . 
  you watch too much south park , grow up . 
  yeah , you can do better too . 
  watch westworld . 
  especially if we could block it all . 
  i swear being gay on reddit is one huge eww-fest . 
  that 's an extremely toxic advice . 
  pretending will not help you in any way ( and if you are trying to suddenly care about people when you did n't before * you are pretending * ) .
