  you will see people disagreeing with you because you mentioned a film most of them liked . 
  nope . 
  when you say business suits i think of middle-aged men . 
  a bit too far from my preference . 
  i think your comment is one huge hyperbole . 
  statements like `` nonstop action '' or `` no build up or tension '' are factually false . 
  you clearly dislike the movie and you are trying to make it seem worse than it really was . 
  hyperbole is a hyperbole . 
  no , you should test them with the music you listen to . 
  i do n't know why but listening to these sounds makes me scared it might damage my hearing . 
  i do n't like the way he looks so it must mean he 's trashy !, 
  how dares he not to look good to me ? 
  i guess this goes to everyone wondering why their favorite film is n't on the list , like the guy bewildered by the lack of godfather . 
  it 's not that great of a movie !, 
  i was laying in bed with my laptop sitting on me . 
  greatest way to enjoy the movie tbh . 
  well , it 's a good alternative to / r/music , which has everything but modern pop . 
  sitting is less comfortable . 
  it 's pretty immersive and the sound quality depends on the headphones . 
  i think my headphones are good enough . 
  i do n't know if i 'm doing something wrong but this script seems to be an infinite loop of opening command windows . 
  i 'm really glad my atheism is the result of not being exposed to any religion when i was a kid . 
  lucky you !, 
  being involved in a caring community is always a plus i guess . 
  explain what caused your pull to the right , stop , and then acceleration to the left . 
  half naked woman , 1930s . 
  it 's strange to see someone who does n't consider piracy an option . 
  that grande fiasco was more sad than funny . 
  you ca n't love a song because you do n't understand the lyrics ? 
  damn til . 
  yeah , he 's entitled . 
  sure . 
  because we hate bieber so thank god for another false reason . 
  wow you people are soooo salty . 
  just looking for a reason to hate him . 
  the writer of the article is jenny hopkins , she 's known for titles like this . 
  nope , those foods are still disgusting . 
  not vomit enticing level of disgusting but still . 
  fruit is nice . 
  h \u00b7 a \u00b7 m, 
  it 's funny how many people do n't know the word `` funny '' can mean strange . 
  there has n't been an album yet that i liked start to finish , but that 's rare with me . 
  as a non-american , i had to google that . 
  then i laughed . 
   the complex rhythm and vocals of rihanna 's work, 
  if you did n't capitalize that w i would 've agreed with you, 
  get out of here with your politely expressed opinions . 
  what a weird, 
  do n't feed these pieces of shit . 
  i 'll make sure it 's on soulseek . 
  what do you want to know ? 
  i 'll never understand why these obnoxious people have to shove their face in the video they 're filming . 
  nobody cares about your fuckface . 
  yeah , sometimes is annoyingly hard to find a sub to post music/picture/whatever because of the strict rules . 
  and the most infuriating thing ? 
  there are many people who get away with posting the same type of stuff i wanted to post but it 's my post that gets immediately removed . 
  fuck that . 
  r/todaytheylearned asking a question is a crime against humanity, 
  as you can see , barely . 
  i wonder how that 's going to help op . 
  i would n't want to drive over the debris anyway . 
  nope , most likely just following too closely . 
  very few people maintain a safe following distance and have no time to brake without crashing into the car in front of them . 
  jesus christ , i really hope i would n't overreact in a situation like this . 
  but it still was n't them who caused the accident . 
  not really , cammer is just too aggressive . 
  wow , this sub is so childish with the downvotes, 
  why do you care about suggestions ? 
  and ability to pause, 
  if you mean res i have it too but i wish it let me pause the gif by clicking on it , not by pixel hunting the pause button at the bottom . 
  pop music is life . 
  i used to be `` afraid '' of pop when i was a young teen but then in high school , i witnessed people listening to whatever they wanted to not giving a fuck and it changed me . 
  my favorite pop albums are, 
  * lana del rey -- born to die ( paradise edition ), 
  * rihanna -- loud, 
  * lady gaga -- born this way, 
  * kanye west -- 808s & heartbreak, 
  * will.i.am -- #willpower, 
  there are tons more but these are my most listened ones . 
  usually , the vast majority makes itself heard on movie rating sites . 
  those two songs are the only listenable ones . 
  what the fuck , you people are so annoying . 
  itunes is just fine , do n't get rid of it . 
  good , it 's the only song from the album i like after swish swish . 
  i actually only like her singles . 
  there never was any site directly ripping music from spotify . 
  i switched to soulseek , seems to work best for downloading music . 
  i think the more probable option is they will limit the free version . 
  i 'm a former spotify user . 
  could n't deal with the fact that there was no way to upload missing music so i moved to google music . 
  now i 'm using free tier of gm and pay for apple music . 
  apple music has a shitty phone app but i use it to organize my music collection and to have access to a paid streaming service . 
  google music has a better phone app so i use the free version and only upload music i listen to the most . 
  little britain . 
  i usually do n't like comedy tv shows but this one is hilarious . 
  no one, 
  i fucking hate that show . 
  we used to watch that during english lessons at school . 
  i 'm still gagging when i think of my classmates ' laughing faces . 
  i could n't get into the show .
