  i think the confusion on your side comes from the fact that you consider imdb a review congregator , which it is not . 
  oh my god what a thick skull . 
  you asked what 's wrong with review congregators . 
  i answered and the answer involved imdb . 
  that 's why i brought it up . 
  what do n't you understand about that ? 
  imdb 's point are user ratings , not metacritic score , just like rt 's point are critic 's opinions , not user rating . 
  rt aggregates reviews , imdb does n't . 
  that 's ... not the consistency of butter . 
  what the fuck do you eat over there ? 
  you 're intentionally excluding parts of my responses , ignoring them . 
  how about you try to sit down , write your thoughts on paper and then have them evaluated by a professional ? 
  because some of those thought processes of yours are flawed . 
  what i wrote makes sense , what you wrote does n't . 
  simple as that . 
  nothing more to say . 
  i 'm disabling reply notifications on my posts , so go ahead and be a lunatic with yourself . 
  sorry but english is my 2nd language and your sentence does n't make sense to me . 
  could you try to rephrase it ? 
  how petty does a person have to be to go through someone 's comment history ? 
  see the comment above . 
  it 's not about opinions . 
  it 's just watching other people react can be funny . 
  ok , what happened 4 months ago ? 
  people who complain about political correctness . 
  there is always a way to talk about a controversial issue without being an asshole . 
  dead mau five can fuck right off with this attitude . 
  op is the hero ne weed, 
  i 'll say it since the others are dodging it . 
  no , she did n't . 
  that 's pretty acceptable . 
  it was not attempted murder you drama queen . 
  no it is n't you drama queen . 
  stop the exaggerated outrage . 
  lol you drama queen ... `` death sentence '' ? 
  haha, 
  she did n't try to kill him . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  yep , a set of two idiots . 
  lol you need to calm down . 
  cammer is being reasonable . 
  loud as fucking fuck holy fucking shit . 
  i 'll always updoot mountreeldriving . 
  why the hell are you honking at someone overtaking you on a parking lot with no other driving cars around ? 
  could be said about the cammer . 
  no need to freak out like this . 
  are you drinking hot coffee when driving ? 
  you 're a bigger danger with hot coffee in your close proximity than a texting teenager . 
  no , there 's definitely something wrong with creating an unnecessary conflict when driving . 
  you could have easily leave her alone and go on with your life . 
  did you go to her after you parked to talk to her about that ? 
  totally comparable . 
  it 's not because she did n't try to kill him with the vehicle . 
  no , she did n't try to murder him . 
  hurt him , maybe . 
  not murder him . 
  knock him off the bike . 
   these days, 
  again , not comparable . 
  please no . 
  some teachers are known for not freaking out over nonsense . 
  i honestly see nothing wrong with these videos . 
  i do n't get what the problem is . 
  seems like the type of videos kids would watch . 
  why did you guys brigade that thread ? 
  lol this sub is so pathetic with the downvotes, 
  hey guys look , finally an unpopular opinion !, 
  i feel bad for them because they have to deal with people like you which makes them angry and sad . 
  it 's just what they 're into , nothing wrong with that if they 're not rude about it . 
  jesus christ why are people freaking out so badly about this ? 
  even in this usually normal subreddit ? 
  i did n't like it . 
  too boring . 
  loool this sub is salty af, 
  nah , i do n't mind this one . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , it 's a legitimate concern . 
  i ca n't even imagine what it 's like to be fetishized for something . 
  the reason why i 'm being defensive here is because if i were to date a trans guy i would also have a certain preference , just like that guy might have a preference about trans women - i think it all boils down to how you express this preference and if it 's not the center of your world . 
  this video features zden\u011bk macura , an admirer of the czech singer iveta barto\u0161ov\u00e1 , who killed herself several days ( ? ), 
  before what happens in the video . 
  he 's angry at the police , czech tv station nova and josef rycht\u00e1\u0159 . 
  josef rycht\u00e1\u0159 was barto\u0161ov\u00e1 's husband ( i think ) - i 'm not really sure about the relationships . 
  those two men often fought in public - those fights are also on youtube . 
  they blame each other for iveta 's death . 
  i 'm not so sure macura deserves our compassion . 
  all of these freakouts of his ( and rycht\u00e1\u0159 too ) were very extensively televised and he did n't have a problem with that . 
  he probably reacted the way he did for attention . 
  i do feel bad for barto\u0161ov\u00e1 though , because she was severely depressed , addicted to drugs and had two crazy men fighting each other for her attention . 
  the press is definitely to blame too , the tabloids were really brutal . 
  they even targeted her young ( overweight ) son which ended in court . 
  wow what the fuck , that guy belongs in prison . 
  * exposed *, 
  that must be extremely annoying . 
  honestly , it feels like the porn industry is so fucked up when it comes to showing trans people . 
  not only are the categories named offensively , the content seems to be only some extreme fetishes . 
  as a gay guy , i tried searching for porn featuring ftm guys but the search results always scare me away . 
  it 's like they find all the random fetishes ( scat , bondage , fat people ) , mixing it all together and using the trans people as another fetish in the mix . 
  nothing screams `` i fetishize trans people '' more than a video titled `` ftm t-shot bj '' . 
  if these videos are the only source people have about trans people , it 's no wonder there are so many misinformed and transphobic people . 
  i have a feeling someone will have to help me to get through the song .
