  i wish people asked me about my sexuality . 
  why ? 
  it sounds better than to be around other criminals . 
  i would be scared of other criminals and i am used to being alone . 
  i do n't think you can judge everyone based on your feelings . 
  ocho cinco by dj snek . 
  it 's my jam , fam . 
  i can lay in my bed the whole day just thinking about random stuff , i think i would be fine . 
  does n't that depend on the duration ? 
  i think anyone would be fine at least for a couple of days . 
  you 're not seriously comparing this, 
   they wore goggles and earphones to limit their sense of sight and hearing , and gloves to limit their sense of touch . 
  to solitary confinement , are you ? 
  cause ... that would be dumb . 
  it only provides other experiments and extremes like years in solitary . 
  nothing to convince me that a short time in sc would harm me . 
  if i had a car with an automatic transmission i would love driving too . 
  it 's not a nice country . 
  the attitude of people here is cancerous . 
  as someone who is lazy and dumb , being mean sounds cool . 
  it sounds confident . 
  when they add me . 
  i 've lived here since i was born and i can clearly see it 's a shithole . 
  i 've never had a chance to talk about it with someone irl . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i hope that in the last season we will see him fall hard . 
  i agree . 
  either it was a really poor choice of words or op is not who he claims to be . 
  they tell you that when you sign up . 
  * all * the subscription services do this . 
  not true . 
  i see it every time i sign up for a subscription service and i do n't read those . 
  maybe they subscribe to this subreddit . 
  you ca n't avoid it unless you change the name of the channel . 
  it 's pretty shitty from op because he even named his channel in a way to make it look like he 's an idiot who hates cyclists . 
   filtering speeds up traffic flow, 
  it does n't . 
  i love how manipulative the headline is . 
  on your android device , you should be able to access everything that is synced to icloud . 
  that means everything from apple music catalogue , everything you had matched or uploaded . 
  if you do n't see your purchases in the app on your android check if the music is uploaded to icloud . 
  i tried it couple times but i was often not successful in finding the music i wanted in 320/256 kbps . 
  i do n't remember the specific songs but they were mainstream-ish ( were on spotify with decent amount of plays ) . 
  does that require a vk account ? 
  totally agree . 
  what.cd was almost useless for mainstream music and if i was lucky on soulseek it was bad quality . 
  yeah , i 'm definitely gon na agree with the top comment on reddit rather than prof. stephen hawking . 
  that 's my experience . 
  when i was moving from spotify to another streaming service i was looking for music that was n't available on the new service . 
  most of it was n't on what.cd, 
  i would be scared of them fucking up the conversations . 
  i do . 
  no , it does n't work this way . 
  i 'll stick with lastpass . 
  damn , take a chill pill , nazi . 
  no but he himself road rages quite frequently . 
  he is half the problem though . 
  you 're a road rager . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  that was road rage in your part . 
  no , you 're just a simple road rager . 
  you need to see a psychiatrist , 
  the only message is that you are a road rager . 
  he 's cute though ... 
  that 's not actually true . 
  when women are angry they are branded crazy bitches , emotionally unstable . 
  so the real stereotype is men ca n't cry , women ca n't be angry . 
  some people just know better . 
  it 's pretty annoying and not immersive at all . 
  people who did n't get used to it do n't need it . 
  if i want immersion i wear headphones . 
  to be fair it was just one day . 
  not really conclusive . 
  this is just not true . 
  you do n't see in people 's heads . 
  you can even rip it off if you want , we do n't care, 
  i used to read dailymail because they always had lots of articles with mugshots of `` young thugs '' . 
  also , i think [ t.j. lane ] ( http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/09/12/10/tj-lane-2.jpg ) is really hot . 
  [ dylan roof ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/150618183449-dylann-roof-custody-super-169.jpg ) is not bad either . 
  edit : wow , only my comment gets downvoted ? 
  pathetic . 
  it is n't pointless . 
  is their kid practicing drumming in the backseat ? 
  why would you even more intimidate someone with a damaged car ? 
  cammer is such an idiot . 
  caring about what other people think is not pointless . 
  you need people to like you in order to not be alone . 
  i do but he 's not attractive anymore ... 
   i disagree so you should go to a therapist . 
  i like it , it 's kinda catchy and has a good message . 
  anything lgbt related . 
  i do n't have anyone i would feel comfortable discussing this with . 
  i really need to discuss it with someone . 
  i hate this too . 
  writing stuff on the phone is not even remotely as comfortable as it is on pc . 
  you 're still a troll . 
  he 's actually always been making good music . 
  but i think it 's still worth it . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  ca n't we just watch reality tv instead ?
