  i am a student so i only live from stuff i buy from the local store and i do n't cook . 
  definitely check out / r/loseit , they might be able to help . 
  the same is true about people who think obese people are mentally deficient , seems weird you 're not friendly towards them . 
  you would be great friends , 
  * muh fee fee 's *, 
  how does that work ? 
   please do n't become another statistic . 
  this is very disrespectful towards people who chose to end their lives . 
  sounds like the typical tough love advocate . 
  are there any other people in here who struggle to get into more lyrical music because of the language barrier ? 
  english is my second language and it makes me kinda angry that i ca n't appreciate albums like tpab even when i 'm reading the lyrics while listening . 
  i like genius.com because it helps me a little bit with this but a lot of people say the annotations are inaccurate . 
  curtis by 50 cent - instant confidence and ego boost , at least it works for me . 
  i like it . 
  it 's not my favorite track on the album but it 's in the top 3 . 
  i am actually a leftist , i just find it funny that people ca n't take a joke . 
  it invalidates ( to them ) all the physical exercise and the diets they chose to endure . 
  my mom had the same reaction but i managed to convince her and she lost 4kg in a month . 
  now she 's super hyped . 
  nexy goal - my dad . 
  her entire plotline is just so ridiculous . 
  it makes no sense . 
  is it really ? 
  i thought there was at least book and a half left . 
  because you 're useless to your government when you 're dead . 
  that 's why . 
  so you 're telling me you 're torrenting without a vpn ? 
  lol, 
  you are absolutely right . 
  torrenting is completely idiotic , there are so many ways to pirate that are not only more convenient but also private and secure . 
  we could ask you the same . 
  [ irrelevant and incorrect information ] queue jumps and causes a colission, 
  [ irrelevant information ] passes on the shoulder with inches to spare, 
  you sound like an asshole . 
  oh , you are an asshole !, 
  sorry i did n't recognize you . 
  oh you know . 
  you are being an asshole , asshole , 
  they are probably doing it out of embarrassment . 
  can you stop with this ? 
  he does n't need your fitness shit . 
  `` never break more than one law at a time '' is my favorite motto though and it seems to work . 
  yep , and i fucking love it . 
  you do n't have to spread that around like hiv though . 
  you 're discouraging people from trying to lose weight by spreading this myth that you need to exercise . 
  there are other subreddits for that . 
  why are you still being so aggressive towards me ? 
  that is simply not true you dumbbell . 
  here is one passive-aggressive smiley for you too , 
  it 's amazing that i feel like shit even though noone ever commented on my appearance like that . 
  wait , 22-23 is the age of a university student ... or is it different in the us ? 
  also cutting dogs ' tails ... but i 'm afraid this is a worldwide problem . 
  why are you reacting ? 
  we could ask you the same . 
  are you ok ? 
  do you need help ? 
  czech republic . 
  i 'm looking forward to summer , it will be glorious to see how hard it will be for my fellow citizens to direct their anger towards the refugees and prague pride at the same time . 
  on instagram and twitter i think it 's a non-issue but that 's because all the people i follow are public figures . 
  on facebook , i 've been unfriended before by people i have n't talked to in years which seems fair . 
  i would 've done the same but i 'm kind of a stalker so i like to know what goes on in people 's lives . 
  this ^ 3, 
  actually it seems everyone responding to him has a huge ego . 
  not only people , some animals too . 
  maybe he just needs assholes to leave him alone . 
  ha , i knew it would trigger someone . 
  well i 'm gay so it makes sense i would n't notice that . 
  that would hurt though . 
  standard * parent * stuff . 
  what ? 
  i had a 128gb microsd for years , are you telling me that the 256gb version was n't available until now ? 
  as someone who rarely enjoys movies based on their ratings on any site , this is completely useless anyway . 
  there are so many `` rotten '' movies i love and so many `` fresh '' i did n't enjoy that it makes me question rt as a whole . 
  hi bi , i 'm dad !, 
  maybe one day . 
  it 's even worse than i thought . 
  so many armchair psychologists . 
  hey it is not nice trolling someone who 's actually alone . 
  * somewhere beyond the sea *, 
  tumblr is one of the most user-unfriendly sites i 've ever visited . 
  actual proper age gap to not be creepy :, 
  the one you 're comfortable with, 
  his comic book adaptations are awesome , tough . 
  this is a nsfw victory i want to share - i am only halfway to my gw and my penis already `` grew '' by 0.8 inches . 
  i actually still can not believe it , after years of insecurities i 'm finally average !, 
  there is n't that much fat to be removed anymore but maybe i can `` get '' a full inch by the time i 'm at my gw . 
  hurray !, 
  wow , the quality of those pics is amazing !, 
  what kind of a camera do you use ? 
  oh i am actually logged in , but only to see the few blogs of people i care about . 
  i did n't know there are different layouts . 
  czech republic . 
  we have some but they 're terribly outdated . 
  but i guess i should be grateful they do n't hang us and shut the fuck up ( at least that 's what it feels like ) . 
  the entire concept of a coming out only applies to your family or extremely close friends . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  otherwise you would be in a constant `` coming out mode '' that never ends unless you wear a t-shirt that says `` i 'm gay '' 24/7 . 
  i know exactly what you 're talking about but i do n't have a solution because i do n't think there is one . 
  it 's just one of the realities we have to deal with . 
  i know it 's not exactly the same but there 's this really cute ukrainian guy living next door in my dorm and i just ca n't stand it anymore .
