  those movies are actually really good . 
  basically anything released between 2002 - 2008 . 
  overall : born to die, 
  just in case anyone looks for a future replacement , potplayer is amazing . 
  if you liked kmplayer before it went to shit you 'll love it . 
  things are actually moving despacito, 
  i guess i 'm watching the wrong everything but i only see him in ads . 
  oh i loved his joker . 
  such an annoying face . 
  and he talks like he has a cold all the time . 
   despacito - luis fonsi , daddy yankee ( feat . 
  justin bieber ), 
  my guess is that they are one of those people who complain about left lane campers . 
  my guess is that they are one of those people who complain about left lane campers . 
  you know what gets me ? 
  there are people out there who actually think this is an acceptable way to communicate with another human being . 
  just barking at them . 
  that 's why you do n't move your fucking car before the lights turn off . 
  because in the us people actually * talk * about racism . 
  if you mention racism in my country you 'll be laughed at and bundled together with ` crazy feminists ' or other groups who nobody takes seriously . 
  no , but there will be better movies . 
  that does n't stop me from watching them on my laptop and enjoying them fully . 
  yeah , people in the row behind me talking and kicking my seat the whole time is a mild annoyance . 
  people laughing during sad scenes is a mild annoyance . 
  people spoiling the movie for everyone around them is a mild annoyance . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  when poc do it they get an even worse reaction . 
  dae sjws are literally the worst ???? 
  this is why i lack the confidence to do anything . 
  i ca n't differentiate between being confident and being silly . 
  there 's no way to determine that before getting a reaction . 
  fuck , i just wish people were n't so reactive to every single thing . 
  she probably thought it 's something you can claim as a fractional part of your identity . 
  finebros, 
  i 'm pretty sure that most people would rather sit through some music than be late because of an emotional driver . 
  lol i bet you only listen to real music, 
  that 's when you open your mouth and say `` excuse me '' . 
  you move . 
  no problem . 
  because they are financially dependant on their husbands and this makes them feel at least a little bit independent . 
  source : have a mom . 
  well that 's just because you made it that way by friending people and following pages that share that . 
  my facebook is full of insightful commentary , artistic pictures , local memes and news . 
  it would n't bother me that much if most people did n't yell in the phone . 
  why the fuck do you speak louder to the microphone that 's literally in your face ? 
  it 's still a left lane . 
  and people who get behind those in the left lane and endanger everyone are way worse . 
  yeah , make room for people breaking another law . 
  lol do you even know what the ` whipping ' looks like ? 
  no , because / r/thathappened, 
  that 's so terrible !, 
  they literally made you eat food !, 
  damn , do you know why the original post was deleted ? 
  they also removed the feature on desktop to view a folder as a playlist consisting of all the songs from all the playlists . 
  [ it 's a little bit gay ] ( https://www.peekvids.com/watch?v=kzfnzx2kqce ), 
  so if your parents are cheap you are forced to read . 
  half the time at the barber i have my eyes closed . 
  i 'm really glad she succeeded . 
  [ willow smith - whip my hair ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymklymvwd2u ), 
  i usually do n't listen to inspiring songs when i 'm depressed , i like to wallow in self-pity . 
  but this songs loves i. 
  covfefe, 
  it fucking sucks when after a long time you decide to contribute and it gets deleted . 
  i 'm gon na say justin bieber even though i rank him at n. 2 . 
  are you trying to say the male artists are ? 
  women are a myth . 
  i create new memories every day ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i 'll try disabling it since i have gold anyway . 
  in case you 're feeling suicidal and want to reach out , please be wary of what number you 're going to call . 
  most of them will call the authorities on you and you will be held at an institution against your will . 
  do n't let them take your life away from you . 
  yeah i think i 've heard from them about prince first too . 
  you do n't need official cheat codes to cheat in singleplayer . 
  i agree , but automatically marking suicidal people as mentally ill is wrong . 
  this catch-22 situation just does n't make sense . 
  lol i just viewed his apple music profile and he released a song called no love, 
  we do n't have a problem with his acting , we have a problem with him breaking the immersion by being there . 
  it is . 
  i like looking at him . 
  you have to be a snob to care about nobility . 
  no thanks . 
  thank you . 
  i 'd say several seasons worth . 
  oh so suddenly doxing is ok ? 
  huh, 
  how can a voice be ugly, 
  this is n't trashy . 
  definitely not . 
  it 's wrong to do that to animals . 
  is n't there a way to backup with itunes ? 
  not true . 
  as a non-american , what was the crack era ? 
  do n't computers these days have at least 1tb of space ? 
  my laptop does . 
  i only liked glow up . 
  i love the album art . 
  honestly , i agree with that . 
  nostalgia makes you think you remember . 
  that 's a shame , covenant was amazing . 
  that 's the bill burr 's bitchy scream .
