  i do n't believe in anything . 
  the whole concept of ` believing ' is just too strange to me . 
  with just one reddit post he cured social anxiety !, 
  psychologists hate him !, 
  lol, 
  aaaand ... that did n't happen . 
  it is admirable you put so much work into it but i just do n't believe these stories that try to be motivational only to prolong the suffering of those who will never get better . 
  yep , and please do n't try to hide the fact that the previous owner was a smoker . 
  why ? 
  i remember when spotify did this . 
  new ui , tons of features and functionalities gone . 
  they promised they would add them back . 
  most of them are still missing . 
  jesus christ , i just ate a banana that was almost 200kcal . 
  i guess that 's nothing ? 
  why do i even bother , every time i try to start a discussion on reddit there is someone who has to scream at me *** wrong , try again !!!!, 
  sure , throw a sarcastic smile at me , 
  fuck you , i deleted the thread . 
  i hope you 're happy . 
  this place is supposed to be supportive , i do n't need this shit . 
  i made this thread because i was surprised by how high calorie a banana is and wanted to create some small talk around it . 
  i guess not ... 
  cammer is fucking crazy . 
  the same comment gets always upvoted to the top . 
  this one is n't because the downvoters have a pokeball stuck up their ass . 
  yep . 
  yeah , be a little bit more critical of me , i beg you . 
  come on , it 's not that good . 
  bless your heart  blocking you . 
  i liked arvo , it seems all the characters i like tend to be hated around here . 
  also , yeah , the game is missing some very obvious choices . 
  it 's better than super 8 , i 'd say it 's more serious and better done . 
  but it still feels similar . 
  i wish it was just a movie . 
  it 's good enough . 
  i like him , i do n't want him to be dead . 
  but i thought it was implied kenny killed them all ? 
  if you had her say that ... 
  he is the reason why more than half the bad shit happened . 
  without his temper more people would be alive . 
  he deserves a second chance . 
  audio muted due to ~ ~ copyright ~ ~ heavy swearing . 
  maybe it 's because it would be hard to implement all the obvious choices ? 
  i do n't know , sometimes it feels like just the choice of words is no good . 
  you do n't have to though . 
  you do n't have to though . 
  i like him because he was just misunderstood and mainly * mistreated * . 
  he did n't mean to shoot her , it was an accident . 
  they treated him like shit for no reason other than kenny being a fucking psycho . 
  he was innocent and they forced him into these desperate actions . 
  if i could i would leave with them as they were trying to . 
  fuck kenny , i 'm glad he 's dead . 
  so many people died because of his temper . 
  calling someone a retard will not make your retardation go away either . 
  opinion , sure . 
  thanks for reminding me to update my flair . 
  data is way too expensive for me to able to play . 
  i started losing half a year ago . 
  what pushed me ? 
  i wanted to date . 
  i wonder where all the posts with the black people they shot are . 
  and of course all of the pathetic commenters had to downvote this thread . 
  brilliant . 
  it also proves you can overhype anything . 
  i really am . 
  great , i 'll check it out . 
  they already did !, 
  yeah , that is just one example against the rest of the two seasons . 
  my michonne did n't say that . 
  she is n't like that . 
  yep , exactly this . 
  i used it primarily because i had a shitty internet connection and this was one of the few programs that could resume most downloads . 
  and it could download anything from the web - youtube videos , audio streams , anything . 
  i 'll always upvote the automoderator . 
  i 'm gon na punch you in the dick you fucking dick . 
  wow ... 
  i do n't like it . 
  at all . 
  damn , the last thing i liked from her was femme fatale . . 
  i guess her music is not for me anymore . 
  me neither . 
  avoiding the radio helps . 
  i 'm also disappointed . 
  it 's even more boring than the new britney song , i did n't expect that . 
  wow , that sounded absolutely brutal . 
  i guess this dashcam has a really good microphone ? 
  why is that considered a joke ? 
  lord of the ring . 
  it was so boring . 
  suddenly it is n't anymore . 
  i do n't want to control the accelerator . 
  and i do n't care about speed limits . 
  i just want to apply the brake when i need to turn or stop . 
  this is kinda good news , but just like the other guy said - i hope this does n't mean no more forced upload . 
  damn , i wish we had the gas prices like that :p, 
  you know , a lot of people just are like that about anything . 
  music , for example . 
  there are lots of people who just can not wrap their heads around the concept of me liking a certain genre of music and either have annoying questions or mock me for it . 
  til, 
  the fph crowd is not helping either .
