  oh you know . 
  those were n't spies . 
  tl ; dr : fuck your opinion . 
  here is my opinion instead . 
  one of my teachers had those . 
  she was also the one that wore short sleeves the most and liked to gesticulate aggressively . 
  bat pride worldwide !, 
  do n't let others decide on your career choice just because you do n't know what to do and they claim to know what 's best for you . 
  i only show 1/4 of my face out of the 2/4 that do n't show my double chin . 
  it 's partly genetics . 
  i 'm struggling with a double chin and people who are twice my weight with no double chin make me cry . 
  i know , i actually welcome them . 
  what i meant was that the reason those nazi scientists were imported was because it was n't known to the public back then and they were thought to be beneficial . 
  refugees were likely refused because of the public pressure . 
  so you 're saying that all drinks are manly ? 
  why call them manly then if all of them are ? 
  dungeons & dragons with vin diesel sounds fun . 
  with videos , it 's easier to guess if i 'm going to like the vlogger or not in a short time . 
  it takes some time to get to know the bloggers . 
  transgender women getting pregnant . 
  everyone who looks like they know what they 're doing . 
  sadly , we have a lot of people in europe who are exactly the same . 
  the same arguments , over and over . 
  i think that if you read the text of my post , you 'll understand why i do n't need this mod . 
  thanks anyway . 
  the post is me ranting about how npcs walk away during conversations . 
  the first two senteces say this, 
   i do n't really care that i ca n't see the sentence i 'm about to say . 
  i can live with that . 
  then i elaborate on my actual problem . 
  i 'm do n't want to sound rude but you suggesting me to try this mod is kinda shitty since it 's exactly what i did n't want . 
  when you move the camera too much it interrupts the conversation . 
  it 's way easier to interrupt than you describe it . 
  you can return to the conversation but usually it gets interrupted before you do it . 
  no , it gets interrupted often . 
  that 's ... how it 's supposed to work . 
  you 're actually just following the playlist . 
  if you want its content in your library you have to put it there manually . 
  spotify does it the same way . 
  that is true , but is n't that a little bit unintuitive ? 
  why would you want to add a single song to your library without adding it to a playlist too ? 
  would n't it make it hard to find the song ? 
  why do you think he might be joking ? 
  guys , this is n't a `` show me your bias '' thread . 
  what happens if you take your driving test in a porsche 911 ? 
  you gen an asshole instructor . 
  not only inbox . 
  it is known and i 'm sure if i asked anyone they would know it , but i doubt there would be many people who know the rules . 
  and you represent one person - you . 
  manuals are n't safer in any way . 
  ehm , you want a medal or something ? 
  hey !, 
  finally !, 
  i checked out every post above this one and this is the first band that i liked ( or did n't know ) . 
  thanks , it 's great . 
  and he acts like the pussy he is when he sees the cops . 
  exactly what i expected . 
  and none of these overtakes was justifiable . 
  i 'm gon na comment even though i 'm just repeating what multiple people already responded with . 
  downvote if you support the refugees and their right to obtain citizenship in the country of their choosing . 
   your son is 16 , and you 're worried that if his mom finds out he drinks and does drugs and acts irresponsibly , he might get in trouble ?!?!, 
  you 're his dad , op , not his buddy . 
  ftfy, 
  i agree . 
  fuck birthdays and fuck name days , because we have those too . 
  fuck anyone who expects me to remember meaningless dates . 
  children ca n't have children , child . 
  i think you misread the title . 
  you either have to wait or , like in my case , it 's a bug . 
  i contacted the support a week ago and they told me my case will be reviewed by the people working on the app , but not sooner than in a week or so . 
  they also said they will contact me by email if they make any progress . 
  still waiting , hopefully they started working on it . 
  no , i had a chat with support . 
  romance does n't necessarily have to mean fucking . 
  just do n't let anyone fool you with empty phrases that do n't mean anything . 
  whenever he pleases . 
  looks more like / r/mildlyanus, 
  your nanny state is n't interested in treating stupid drunks . 
  completely understandable . 
  asi to tak ud\u011bl\u00e1m . 
  is n't that the mature approach ? 
  not engaging in an argument on the internet ? 
  was that an iphone ? 
  i thought it was too big and thin for an iphone . 
  first i got a goofy book about puberty and growing up that covered most topics but i did n't really take it seriously because of it . 
  then she got me a second book that was specifically about sex related stuff ( it included anything you can think of and looking at it after many years i was really impressed by how well it covered topics like masturbation , porn , deviations , consent ... everything ) and this was the book that informed me the most . 
  [ the cover of the second book . 
  my dad bought me one book about growing up that also briefly explained everything from the previous book from my mom . 
  and it was more serious , which was nice . 
  also still pretty impressive looking at it now . 
  let me guess . 
  it started to trend but most people still ca n't afford it , so they hate it . 
  typical . 
  aaaaaand they are both cunts . 
  that 's what you get for listening to that horrible singing . 
  ^ ^ ha ^ ha ^ ha ^ ha, 
  bullshit , you can open it much more before breaking it . 
  the trick is do n't treat them like shit . 
  why ? 
  good friends wo n't offer you drugs .
