  the other cars are . 
   there are no side swiping pandemics, 
  you do n't know that . 
  the most probable reason why you do n't hear about these is because the bikers just drive away from the accident . 
  but sure , let 's argue about things you ca n't prove but do n't make any sense . 
  the only problem i see here is you being stubborn and irrational . 
  there are plenty of videos , i do n't collect them . 
  i do n't know if you 're a member of some biker club but you trying to apologize what most bikers do is disgusting . 
  i have no reason to believe a single thing you say because have been lying the whole time . 
  you 're probably just another biker eager to damage other people 's property . 
  but no worries , i 'm sure someone will rear-end you one day if you wish it so much , 
  i will not be doing your work , 
  you are a liar and all you have to do is read through your comments . 
  basically all of it is a lie . 
   they rear end me they 're going to get a face full of a ute tray . 
  it 'll hurt them more than it hurts me . 
  of course you will , superman . 
  you will totally not cry and beg them not to hit you , 
  you 're the one who has no proof  so calm down , take a deep breath and realize you 're wrong . 
   `` your comments are all lies , yet i ca n't use a single one to prove it '', 
  `` i am very smart and am no afraid to show it . '', 
  seriously dude , read what you write . 
  you must have been fed lies your entire life by your biker parents . 
  proof ? 
  that 's clearly photoshopped  you must be really angry by now , you should take some pills . 
  you know how violent you get around your daughter when you lose it . 
  i never smoked anything in my entire life , i know it 's probably normal for you but i just do n't want to do it . 
  i always found it interesting how entitled smokers are . 
  now i know . 
  they are probably all bikers . 
  we all have our trigger words , do n't we ? 
  i tried searching through res but it seems there is nothing there . 
  in my country there is this saying , the closest english equivalent is probably this : `` a guilty conscience is a self-accuser '' . 
  amazing , i must be blind . 
  thank you so much . 
  phew , you must be so glad now it was n't you who brought it up in the first place , huh ? 
  lol, 
  no , you 're saying that . 
  i am saying you are trolling . 
  how considerate of you , thinking . 
  should 've practiced that more . 
  it 's true , i have a phobia of bikes and rapists :'( that 's why i 'm so scared of you because you 're a son of a bike . 
  it 's similar to `` i cling to an insignificant detail because i know i lost an argument '' . 
  oh i forgot to add , i also have a phobia of deaf people . 
  that 's part of the problem . 
  when someone reveals themselves i tend to panic . 
  now i 'm afraid of you :'( you wo n't rape me , promise ? 
  you wo n't rear-end me without my consent ? 
  it 's slowly getting better . 
  you can see that , right ? 
  my hands are almost not shaking when typing this comment !, 
  that 's a great progress !, 
  i think it 's thanks to your revelation about you being a troll . 
  that helped me a lot . 
  good luck being downvoted on reddit for bashing fat people . 
  so brave . 
  i forgot that a monitor has a feature of blinding everyone thus making itself unusable . 
  it explains why you 're spewing such nonsense . 
  you ca n't even see what you write . 
  uhm , i do n't think such monitors exist . 
  you can try hacking that person 's computer and snooping with their webcam . 
  [ i recorded one for you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bimw797jtsw ), 
  i like pork, 
  you 're welcome . 
  to think . 
  i am a full-time student so i always have tons of free time . 
  i listen to an album whenever i feel like it . 
  i use headphones because i share a house/room with other people and try to be considerate . 
   they do n't have get rich or die tryin ', 
  this shit is exactly why i only consider using services that let me upload stuff that is missing . 
  i do n't want to switch based on how many albums a service does n't have . 
  i want to have it all in one place . 
  leagues of what ? 
  lol, 
  probably a different country . 
  you 're too lazy to pause the song when you 're done listening ? 
  future . 
  i 'm just going to assume kim 's ass is going to be there . 
  in my mind is one of my favorite albums of this year . 
  i usually do n't like this kind of r & b but i got hooked instantly with this . 
  is that some slang i 've never heard before ? 
  quietly eating ? 
  now i imagine jeezy in the studio with his mouth full which causes munching sounds between verses . 
  i am no mate , and i do n't mate either . 
  file sharing sites are your friend . 
  pm me if you want help with that . 
  uwotntsc, 
  a child is more valuable than a car . 
  takes the child . 
  i have a bag of chips, 
  you can shove it up your ass if you want , 
  i 'm pretty sure that is littering . 
  it 's funny because i do n't really like mmf/mff threesomes but mfm is just fine . 
  i guess i 'm biphobic when it comes to threesomes . 
  ah , someone is butthurt about circumcision being inhumane . 
  there is no difference in regret of not going and regret of going . 
  except not going is easier . 
  hitler thought that too when he was camping, 
  it would have been better if he killed stalin , maybe i would n't have to grow up in a post-communist country,
