  so that leads me to believe my isp is blocking those ports . 
  i have a wireless internet connection ( roof antenna ) from which an ethernet cable goes to a ` carrier poe adapter ' from which goes another ethernet cable straight to my other pc . 
  ports still blocked . 
  since this poe adapter only powers the antenna ( if i understand it correctly ) then the ports can only be blocked by my isp , right ? 
  i just want to be sure because this will probably need a visit , not just a phone call . 
  i like the way the camera moves except when i 'm in a car and move it up and down . 
  i would like to invert only that . 
  the thing is that if i use the invert option in the menu it also inverts the up and down movement when aiming . 
  i do n't want that . 
  is there any way to achieve what i want without mods ? 
  ** the only group of people profiting from the attacks is the far right . 
  btw to all the sane people : use this thread to tag users . 
  i went through lots of different mouses , but my latest was a genius netscroll 110x - it was a backup mouse i ended up using full time . 
  i am ok with it but i feel there are better options for the occasional gaming . 
  before i had [ this razor mouse ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r93tqy1.jpg ) but the surface was terrible . 
  otherwise a good mouse . 
  i do n't need any extra buttons , just the two and the wheel is fine . 
  i also like when the wheel can be pressed easily because i use it a lot , especially when browsing the internet . 
  the main reason why i want a new mouse is that i feel my current one is limiting me when i 'm playing gta online . 
  i mostly play games like the witcher , fallout , dragon age , call of duty . 
  sometimes a strategy game or even an easy mmo like guild wars ( not much though ) . 
  * i am right handed . 
  * my budget is ~ $ 60 ( i live in the czech republic , this is roughly 1500czk ), 
  * my hand length is 7 inches ( 18cm ), 
  * claw grip is how i hold my mouse, 
  * weight ? 
  not sure . 
  i usually use light mouses so i guess i prefer that, 
  * dpi ... my current mouse has 1200dpi but i do n't really know if that 's good or bad . 
  i actually had to max out the mouse sensitivity in gta settings so i guess i need a bit more dpi ? 
  that 's it i guess . 
  what do i do in this situation ? 
  i have the game directly from rockstar . 
  it does n't update by itself . 
  ** edit : nevermind , i was launching the game from a custom launcher and apparently it bypasses updating the game . 
  that 's also probably why it seemed there were so few players lately ... **, 
  if i put 10 ^ -6 in my calculator it gives me a result . 
  if i put tan ^ -1 ( -2 ) it also gives me a result . 
  my friend 's calculator gives me a syntax error . 
  can i somehow make it work on his calculator ? 
  i know that when buying a regular gps navigation ` lifetime ' actually means lifetime of the device . 
  but considering that sygic is not linked to a single device ( or is it ? ), 
  then it means it truly is lifetime , right ? 
  it 's currently [ on sale ] ( https://eshop.sygic.com/en/ ) and i am considering buying the most expensive option . 
  not having to buy a navigation ever anymore seems awesome . 
  preferably something that does n't require to have data on all the time . 
  actually i wo n't be able to use data at all probably because i do n't have any data plan and only use prepaid credit for phone calls and text messages . 
  i heard there are even some apps that let you control your phone via text messages ? 
  i have been doing this for the past week . 
  wake up , have breakfast , go study . 
  no computer , no tv , no phone , nothing . 
  just me and my notes . 
  i did learn something but it 's nowhere near to the amount of knowledge i need to pass . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i have good sleep and eat healthy . 
  sometimes i even go outside but it 's just another distraction that keeps me from studying . 
  i do n't want to do it anymore . 
  i spend the day looking at my notes but not learning anything . 
  my mind ca n't even focus on what 's important . 
  it 's racing with random thoughts , conversations , my imagination is going wild and it makes it impossible to study . 
  i just want it to be over . 
  and it will be soon . 
  in two days it will be revealed that i do n't know anything and i will be probably told that i did n't even bother to prepare in any way . 
  then i will have another try in a month and a half , true . 
  but what good is that if i have no idea how to study ? 
  they say all you have to do is start and then it will be easy . 
  i say fuck you . 
  that 's a lie . 
  does it mean there was a guy called mcdonald and the restaurant chain is his ? 
  like `` this restaurant is mcdoanld 's '' ? 
  seriously , are you fucking retarded ? 
  is it really so hard to not camp behind my rear bumper just waiting for me to need emergency braking ? 
  i ca n't do anything about it you cunt !, 
  i will not brake check you because i do n't want to stoop on your level . 
  all i can do is pull over and let you pass . 
  but you know what ? 
  your brethen is everywhere !, 
  there is no way to get away from you cunts . 
  every . 
  time . 
  drive . 
  there is at least one filthy cunt who thinks they are legally required to drive as close to my car as possible . 
  fuck you !, 
  i hope you crash in a tree and it falls on you then catches on fire and you blow up to pieces . 
  of shit . 
  of you . 
  is it true or not ? 
  if not is there a way to somehow convince him ? 
  i started flossing because i read on reddit that american dentists recommend it and i tried to convince my family also . 
  he 's the only one who wo n't budge . 
  * coming to a roundabout, 
  * coming to an intersection, 
  * car in front of me going slowly ( below ~ 15km/h ), 
  * a speed bump, 
  in all those situations i always press the clutch automatically just in case i need to completely stop . 
  i do n't trust myself that i could press both pedals if i needed to suddenly stop . 
  i 've had my license for 3 years and do n't remember the last time i stalled which leads me to believe i 'm doing it right but i 'm not sure . 
  still learning new stuff - for example not pressing the clutch the whole time i 'm stopped at traffic lights - it took some time to develop that habit but now i put it in neutral automatically after i stop . 
  should i change what i do ?
