  when i connect the hdd the mouse disconnects , when the hdd loads up it reconnects . 
  nothing else is connected to the laptop except speakers through the 3,5 mm jack connector . 
  i just noticed this today with my volvo fh16 - when accelerating , the engine makes incredibly annoying high pitched sound and i just can not play the game anymore . 
  i do n't know how i never noticed this , but it 's extremely annoying . 
  could you recommend me some mod or something ? 
  i do n't want to play the game muted ... 
  edit : apparently it 's something called turbo whistle ? 
  idk but i 'd love to get rid of it . 
  how can i get rid is the locked screen pop up completely ? 
  the switch in the menu does n't work . 
  how can i enable sorting by recently installed ? 
  i have tried kingroot and easy root tool and both failed . 
  is there other way then downgrading , rooting and updating by flashing a prerooted version ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i have windows 10 , latest itunes . 
  media keys work fine with spotify but not itunes . 
  it has to be the active window for the keys to work . 
  nothing in settings . 
  no other program running . 
  in [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucld8h_npzy ) video we can see a guy grabbing a package that has just been laying in front of the house . 
  how does this happen ? 
  here in the czech republic , when you 're not home and do n't answer your phone your package just goes back to the nearest depo/post office . 
  only if the mailman knows you allow this he leaves the package at you front door . 
  it seems that in the us it is done automatically . 
  why ? 
  i 'm using the windows desktop version . 
  no other streaming service is this slow . 
  spotify is almost instant . 
  google music takes just a couple of seconds . 
  rdio , deezer , pandora ... all of them start playing faster . 
  i wish apple worked on this as a priority . 
  i know it 's not caused by slow internet because it acts the same on my dorm 's 100mbit connection just as it does at home at 4mbit connection . 
  i have an xperia z1 compact with 5.1.1 . 
  i can hear them , i can see the flashing led but there is n't anything in the drop-down menu . 
  i have n't seen a notification in like 3-4 days . 
  i always thought that [ meditating ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2011/01/28/health/meditate/meditate-blog480.jpg ) is just one of the things you see in movies that nobody does in real life but lately i started questioning this , because articles like [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/10/opinion/can-we-end-the-meditation-madness.html?_r=2 ) or any mention of meditating on reddit really makes it seem like people actually take it seriously . 
  so , what 's the deal with meditating ? 
  radio is definitely quieter . 
  is that supposed to be like that or is it a bug ? 
  it freaks me out every time , because it feels like i 'm going to suffocate . 
  is there an xposed module or some tutorial ? 
  i really miss that . 
  for example - when i 'm driving i always choose music i know everybody in the car is able to tolerate because it would make me feel uncomfortable if someone did n't like the music . 
  that 's why i never play rap/metal/electronic music in front of my parents because them being uncomfortable makes me feel uncomfortable . 
  do they think it 's funny ? 
  how long do we have to wait ? 
  ridiculous . 
  is it just signing some papers or is some kind of a ceremony necessary ? 
  i have always been like this , but lately it started to have a very negative impact on my life . 
  i go to college mon-thu and i live in one room with my roommate . 
  he almost never leaves it because he has very few classes and skips most of them . 
  that means every day when i return from school , he 's already in the room . 
  i desperately need ` alone time ' , but in these 4 days i get none . 
  i feel anxious , distracted and uncomfortable . 
  on thursday , i have classes from 7:30 - 13:45 but i skip all the non-mandatory ones because it gives me time to drive home ( 1 hour ) and have my precious alone time thursday afternoon and friday morning . 
  friday afternoon is when my brother returns home ( high schooler ) and my ` alone time ' ends because he occupies our shared room the whole weekend . 
  honestly , i 'm absolutely clueless about what to do . 
  i have a hard time studying when not alone . 
  i tried going to the library , but there 's usually even more people and it 's a place i 'm not used to so it stresses me out even more . 
  public places are the worst . 
  this is affecting my performance at school significantly . 
  i feel drained all the time , wake up sleepy and grouchy . 
  i rarely brush my teeth and only shower because i do n't want to make my roommate uncomfortable . 
  i stopped shaving a couple of weeks ago because honestly i do n't see the point in doing so , plus it hides my double chin i acquired over the years of unhealthy snacking that has basically replaced regular meals . 
  it feels so pointless because every time i actually do something and finish an assignment , it 's returned to me because it 's shit . 
  what the hell do i do ? 
  i ca n't even take a fucking walk because it 's freezing outside . 
  my favourite terminator is the third one . 
  one of the reasons is nostalgia , but it 's not the only one . 
  the main reason is that watching the first two movies kinda feels like a chore , especially the second one , because of how objectively good those movies are . 
  i feel like i have to put effort into watching the movies and at the end i 'm emotionally drained . 
  but the third one is more lightweight , fun and energetic . 
  the same goes for die hard 4 . 
  i 've always wondered if it was confusing for someone else too . 
  i learned german before english because it was mandatory at the time . 
  where i 'm from , german used to be mandatory from 4th grade up . 
  i was good at it . 
  but then in the 6th grade we were offered voluntary english and i fell in love with the language ( because it was easier than german ) . 
  this led me to drop german completely after finishing compulsory education . 
  now i kinda regret it and plan to `` refresh my memory '' - the first step was finishing the duolingo course . 
  right now i subscribe to over 40 playlists . 
  i wonder if there is a limit . 
  i have an android phone and waiting for the app is torturous . 
  i do n't want to search for all the music manually , is there a way to get it directly from apple music so it would play on my phone ? 
  [ nsfw article in question . 
  ] ( http://thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/sophie-ebrard-took-four-years-of-pictures-behind-the-scenes-of-porn-shoots?utm_source=idfbuk ) any subreddit this could be suitable for has a dumb ban on porn . 
  the way the rules are worded convinces me every time that even though this is not `` fap material '' it would still be against the rules ( i do n't know how else to word it - the purpose of the article is not to turn you on even though it contains porn ) . 
  is there a subreddit i can post this to ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i just finished the wedding in the hearts of stone dlc and it honestly makes me angry . 
  it 's like the developers force me to romance shani . 
  even if i reject her every time , the scripted dialogue makes it sound like i actually do want to romance her . 
  why the hell do they give me the choice then ? 
  i can see my library but no playlist . 
  i tried rebooting , resigning ... 
  current objective is to bring cure to daisy in goodneighbor , but i ca n't give it to her . 
  the only dialogue options are asking her what she has for sale . 
  it 's really frustrating , i ca n't find a solution . 
  i feel like an idiot . 
  i thought this game did n't have any ambient music and was disappointed .
