  there were also protest against xenophobia and the day ended with an attack on klinika . 
  i wish someone was making art like this with guys . 
  it 's ridiculous how few films with children dying on screen there is . 
  yes i know , the article is wording it wrong . 
  but the attack happened because they were collecting money to help refugees . 
   the community has n't spoken before and has n't stopped buying games that treat a specific group of people ( women ) horribly . 
  did you have to add another ? 
  i guess i should n't participate if my 1st language assigns gender to all nouns ? 
  that is not right . 
  this is so fucked up . 
  i think i 'll pass anyway . 
  when you grow up with every word having a gender , you just connect it with the item every time you say or even imagine it 's name . 
  well done . 
  old device ? 
  phones with android 2.3 are old . 
  when will the petty thumbs down stop ? 
   keep the tarot aesthetic . 
  oh my , please no . 
  dao was so much more beautiful and it took me a lot of time to get used to the look of dai . 
  whatever change will be made it will be better than this . 
  english is not my 1st language and most of the music i listen to is in english . 
  i only remember lyrics if i listen to a song very often and even then i only remember them in a way that i know what 's coming next , i still would n't be able to say them from memory . 
  hard to tell , i only listen to music i like , if i do n't like something after several listens i just do n't listen to it again . 
  there 's too much good music to waste time listening to bad music . 
  come over to gm or am , you can upload it there . 
  be glad you even have a notification . 
  on android i rarely get notified and sometimes it does n't even add anything . 
  that 's me and metallica . 
  i only listen to the unforgiven ii and nothing else matters . 
  some of the music i listen to . 
  lots of people would never speak to me again if they found out . 
  lana del rey - born to die, 
  trust me you do n't . 
  i even stopped sharing my last.fm profile when i realized it . 
  maybe i 'll clean my scrobbles one day but it feels wrong . 
  the cammer was not speeding but for fucks sake do n't condone speeding by saying it 's the speed of traffic . 
  by the same rule you would say the left-turner was just going the way of traffic . 
  i 'm pretty sure you got called racist because you oppose immigration of a specific group of people . 
  fuck nicki , she 's the hottest . 
  marry m.i.a , she 's the realest . 
  kill beyonc\u00e9 , she 's the derpest . 
  no you ca n't . 
  it never becomes part of your library . 
  it does n't upload . 
  yea , but you ca n't upload it to spotify servers so it never becomes part of the music you can stream and download offline anytime . 
  you still have to be on the same network to download it to your phone , ca n't stream it and ca n't add it to your library . 
  the whole purpose of a streaming service is that you do n't have to have access to your mp3 collection to listen to music . 
  you have to be on the same network to make the music available offline . 
  and you completely ignored all my points . 
  it 's nice you can have it offline but that 's about it . 
  why use a streaming service then ? 
  the reason i 'm paying for it is the convenience . 
  i can do the same for free and just copy the album manually . 
  because fuck debt . 
  no , the selection is roughly the same for most services . 
  and stop derailing the conversation , we were n't talking about what most people use it for . 
  we were talking about a missing feature that 2 other streaming services have . 
  oh my god you 're dumb . 
  i was n't asking you , that was a rhetorical question . 
  why exactly are you still kicking when you 're obviously wrong ? 
  it is a missing feature , because it is n't there . 
  such a hard concept to grasp , right ? 
  i 'm about to start reading the dragon age codex collected in pdfs . 
  i rarely read it ingame but having it like this all in one place looks promising . 
  i get it , it 's a cultural thing . 
  in the us it is a good idea to use credit cards . 
  it 's beyond me as to why someone would use them in the first place . 
  the way the credit score works is fucked up because it makes you use a credit card and be in debt . 
  i do n't think anyone in the shithole of a country of mine cares about your credit cards . 
  nobody uses it here . 
  so there 's no point in using it for me . 
  i read what my bank offers on their website and it sounds like a scam . 
  this is such a non-issue ... 
  oh fuck off , he 's not ashamed to be seen with that specific boyfriend . 
  yeah , that 's what the tag system of res is great for . 
  tells you if it 's even worth it engaging in a conversation with people like that . 
   the worst that can happen is them saying no . 
  you ca n't change the way you think . 
  being aware of it does n't help either . 
  it can only be an outside impulse that changes your thinking . 
  oh fuck you , i did n't even notice that before you pointed it out . 
  i 'm not even angry when i see couples , i 'm just sad . 
  but hey , thinking about an imaginary relationship several hours a day is always an option too . 
  i had a very rich dating life this way . 
  i actually gave up on this because it still does n't show the whole album art . 
  thanks , i hope the therapist will help . 
  it 's just so hard to stop because it feels so good to just zone out . 
  i will , hopefully he will be able to help . 
  there is some variety to mine as well , but i guess it reflects my mind so currently it is all about relationships . 
  hm , i ca n't say i have the fantasies organized , i just imagine whatever i just feel like experiencing at the time . 
  i actually tried meditation several times before but i have a problem with my body getting itchy after a while . 
  during meditation , i feel every single uncomfortableness . 
  i used a similar app called `` stop panic & anxiety self-help '' , the woman 's voice is very calming . 
  no , why ? 
  i never heard the original version , and after hearing the album version i 'm pretty sure i like it without them more . 
  that 's disturbing . 
  something 's off about the album . 
  all his other music sounds so rich and pompous and this is just so ordinary . 
  for me it 's all in my head , it does n't reflect in reality in any way ( except the constant zoning out ) . 
  there 's no point in saying `` you need to ... '' because that does n't help anyone .
