  daddy ? 
  and i can see 99 of them !, 
  that 's the first time i can see more than half of someone 's playlist . 
  maybe our countries belong to one `` licencing region '' ... 
  check out ` babadook ' . 
  it 's an underrated horror movie without jump scares . 
  this actually annoys me more than an ad . 
  at least the ad might introduce me to something interesting , but this is useless . 
  could someone please tell me what exactly he says ? 
  thanks, 
  yeah i understood what he was saying , he just kinda mumbled the middle part . 
  thanks, 
  he 's so damn cute !, 
  yeah , i just imagined all the world leaders in one room crying together . 
  my schoolbag ca n't get near the detectors , otherwise they go off . 
  a security guard made me spill all the mess i had in it and the empty bag still triggered it . 
  whenever i go shopping with the bag , i just try to go as far from the detector as possible . 
  i wonder what causes this ? 
  razors are not a good example , those are usually protected the most . 
  they 're usually packed in those oversized plastic boxes . 
  i want them to make a sex tape . 
  that would be great . 
  putin riding a bear just got a new meaning . 
  why would i want more money when i already have enough ? 
  this is my new favourite sexy youtuber . 
  i was 17 . 
  i chose a spine injection and to sleep though the operation . 
  so basically it never really hurt , just the next couple of weeks was a bit more uncomfortable . 
  i swear i used to have a stuffed toy that looked just like this when i was a kid . 
  it was my favourite . 
  it 's hard to enforce gun control when you can just travel shortly to bypass that . 
  yeah , apparently talking about a potential partner makes the site think you actually have one . 
  happened to me too . 
  that 's exactly my plan !, 
  glad you succeeded !, 
  [ jacob dixon ( sfw ) ] ( http://bubblebuttfuck.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/helix-studios-jacob-dixon-and-jordan-thomas-big-cock-twinks-barebacking-amateur-gay-porn-05.jpg ) , [ andy taylor ( semi-nsfw ) ] ( http://modelscdn.gaylifenetwork.com/boycrush/baretwinks/andy_taylor_torso.jpg ) and [ tommy white ( nsfw ) ] ( http://thumbs.bestmalevideos.com/5/5/56775.jpg ) . 
  i actually do n't live in us , i do n't know anything about any laws in that area . 
  cheers !, 
  do houses in america come with beds ? 
  who exactly you miss laughing at ? 
  big part of my childhood were java games , is there a way to play those ? 
  that 's nice . 
  this is beautiful . 
  you ca n't do that . 
  search only works for albums . 
  as others have said , it does feel better . 
  and i have another petty reason - it actually makes me feel more * manly * . 
  i know it 's laughable but it 's true . 
  what do you mean schedule your shits ? 
  how the fuck am i supposed to do that ? 
  how common is using lube ? 
  i never even considered it . 
  you say that but that 's because you ca n't see what weight does to their faces . 
  if that worked , all those people getting their coffee every morning would shit themselves at work . 
  hubbard approves . 
  i never understood why i feel like this - i enjoy both gay and straight porn , but anything bisexual just feels wrong . 
  mm , mf , mfm is all fine . 
  but i just ca n't watch mmf . 
  there are some bugs that are really annoying . 
  this is one of them , i encounter it almost daily , the app just acts offline the same way it does on slow connection . 
  plus there 's the thing about search not showing songs in playlists , what 's up with that ? 
  maybe if you can find an older apk , but i 'd be worried about losing the downloaded data . 
  i enjoyed it , but this episode disappointed me a little . 
  the jon snow 's storyline is my least favourite and while i did enjoy the fighting this episode , i was still disappointed that it took such a big part of the episode . 
  plus arya - her storyline is now my second least favourite . 
  i just ca n't stand the fake mysteriousness of those people around her . 
  i did n't really like recovery when it was released , but every time i go back to it i like it more and more . 
  it may be his worst album but that does n't mean i enjoy it the least . 
  comments starting with `` um '' or variations of it are always so belittling , you ca n't expect anyone to take you seriously . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i do n't watch got for the action and snow 's storyline is actually my least favourite . 
  oh well , at least others are happy . 
  at least they still rememeber you said it . 
  i suspect my parents * forgot * about it . 
  yeah i feel sorry for the taste too . 
  any rioting is mindless . 
  lol moderates, 
  every 2-3 months . 
  if he actually thinks that , he 's an idiot . 
  if the same-sex partners come in holding hands or otherwise expressing their relationship then i would expect the receptionist to asume they are a couple . 
  but other than that , straight until proven otherwise . 
  21 is too young to determine what everyone this age should have . 
  this is n't about what 's popular . 
  this is about loyalty , otherwise known as close-mindedness . 
  you spelled close-minded wrong . 
  i pardon you . 
   maybe they tried opening their ears and thought the other music was trash . 
  that 's also a quick judgement . 
  i definitely would n't call myself open-minded . 
  you 're funny too . 
  this is disgusting . 
  no , i actually started exploring the genre about a year ago . 
  it is a diverse genre and i have lots of favourite metal bands . 
  huh , how about some pics ? 
  the android app literally spams with notifications , i get about 5 a day and i do n't even have that many subscriptions . 
  every heavily downvoted comment deserves an upvote , here 's mine !, 
  oh man , i was gay yesterday too !, 
  yeah i follow lots of those non-artist accounts that share tons of songs . 
  he does n't have to be bi now , he might have been before . 
  i know i used to be straight when i started going to school , then i started getting bisexual thoughts around the age of 13 .
