  that 's not a valid argument . 
  is it the lyrics ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i like 7 years better , it 's more catchy and melodic . 
  but it 's a grill though, 
  it is ridiculous . 
  it 's the same on android . 
  but i swear it 's worth it , the service is awesome . 
  you people are insufferable . 
  when will the whining stop ? 
  i think that most people still do n't have dashcams . 
  it probably just look like everyone has one because of how many russian videos there are . 
  that was a remix ? 
  i thought that 's the original version . 
  i would still go to see avatar over sw . 
  lee pace was so beautiful in the hobbit movies . 
  probably the main reason why i liked them . 
  you 're really pushing it with the damn gif format . 
  it 's almost like it was the cammer who caused a disturbance . 
  ah , now we know who we 're talking to . 
  a fellow bitch . 
  nice to meet you , bitch !, 
  tense ? 
  lol, 
  so do you by making this comment . 
  and so do i by making mine . 
  lol you 're salty . 
  you know you fucked up so you lash out at people , 
  should have raped her kids until they bled and post it to / r/jailbreak . 
  what 's the name of the song ? 
  it 's their wedding , the whole event is only about them . 
  i think they can have any request , no matter how ridiculous . 
  it 's me , your auntie bitch !, 
  bitching about your bitchiness !, 
  i originally meant it as a joke but the more of your comments i read the more it 's clear to me you 're a female dog . 
  being a grower and below average is fun . 
  mornings are the worst . 
  i feel terrible in every way . 
  that 's why i never shower in the morning - just the thought of that is insufferable . 
  i 'm the same and nothing seems to help . 
  i just ca n't stop thinking . 
  when i decide to stop thinking i keep thinking about how i ca n't stop thinking ... it never ends . 
  that 's why meditation never works . 
  i do n't hate my birthdays , i 'm indifferent to them . 
  i only `` celebrate '' them with my family , never with friends . 
  i know this . 
  my dad loves to voice his disapproval so much . 
  sure , i 've been using play music first and then switched to apple music when it launched . 
  play music | apple music, 
  you can upload 50k songs of your own , music from their library is n't limited | the limit is set to 100k songs , does n't matter if uploaded or added from their library, 
  removing authorised devices for listening is easier | here it is more difficult and the waiting period is longer, 
  when a song you added from their catalogue becomes unavailable it disappears from your library and playlists ( reason why i switched ) | here the song stays but becomes unplayable, 
  uploaded music can be either matched or directly uploaded . 
  if the match is incorrect it is easier to replace it with the original file | here it is a bit more difficult ( you basically have to remove all tags and retag the music after it 's uploaded, 
  rarely has any exclusives | has exclusives pretty often, 
  desktop interface is simpler and faster | here it is a bit complex and slower , but the options are amazing, 
  mobile app is good | mobile app is not so good on android ( at least for me ) but it 's still in beta . 
  the ios version should be fine, 
  other advantages apple music has : smart playlists , playlist folders . 
  these are the things that matter to me but feel free to ask about specifics that are important to you . 
  i love talking about music streaming services . 
  sometimes i listen to these nature sounds like rain and storms . 
  i know it 's all over youtube but it 's nice to have it here too . 
  you can head over to / r/amplaylists , that 's where it 's already happening !, 
  did it disappear from both your phone and itunes ? 
  go to the website version , go to settings and there is an option to download your whole library . 
  that 's why i deleted it , took an mp3 version , cut the silence and forced it to upload . 
  no silence for me !, 
  yeah , i hope the web interface happens , all the other services have it . 
  that 's what i do too . 
  when i 'm still hungry i go for some of the calorie `` free '' foods like pickles , strawberries or even sugar-free bubble gum . 
  czech republic . 
  examples :, 
  pinto beans ( are those just regular beans ? ), 
  tortilla chips, 
  almond butter, 
  brown sugar, 
  shrimp, 
  and there are also things most people are n't used to , like avocado . 
  yes , of course you can find them , i could find them too . 
  i 'm sure i would find most of it at a fucking tesco . 
  local shops have only the most wanted items and even if they had everything i ca n't be stockpiling stuff i will use twice a year . 
  yes , hearing new music . 
  not listening to the same album over and over until you learn to like it . 
  i completely agree . 
  there is too much music to spend time listening to something you do n't like . 
  i already overplayed it . 
  ca n't fucking stand it now . 
  the same happened to me with yeezus . 
  also i ca n't stand the new version . 
  after listening to the original so much every difference annoys me . 
  if it was just for me then i would but it 's mostly for my mom . 
  she can barely use a computer . 
  i live at a dorm and ca n't cook for myself so i just buy stuff that can be eaten without any preparation . 
  that 's completely normal , i make people confused all the time , 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i 'm just a bit salty because you reminded me where i live . 
  i do n't have any negative memories before the age of 7 so ... 
  believe me if i was n't an anxiety ridden mess i would move out of this shithole immediately . 
  haha , they will not ask you to play your music .
