  yep . 
  and it does n't help when everyone around me insists on having windows open now when the heating season has already started . 
  i do n't get how you can enjoy the video . 
  it actually made me anxious and scared because i imagined how terrified i would be if i was in that situation . 
  near hit, 
  near hit = almost hit him , but managed to avoid him, 
  near miss = almost missed him , but still hit him, 
  i did , i disagree with it . 
  czech republic . 
  10 \u00b0 c is not enough for me . 
  these events always exhaust me too . 
  yep . 
  that 's why nobody has the ac here . 
  you need heating most of the year . 
  or like trying weight loss advice from skinny people . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i should have said skinny people who were never fat . 
  i should have said a skinny person who was never fat . 
  streamable is fucking cancer . 
  at school , i can copy files into it by drag & drop . 
  totalcommander only lets me to drag & drop into an open folder . 
  so i used net2ftp.com which let me upload in the folder . 
  good !, 
  it 's a beautiful name . 
  that jokes could you some more polishing . 
  alcohol reveals your true self . 
  my second worst fear is having to care for such person . 
  it looks soggy . 
  at home . 
  yeah , me too . 
  i ca n't open the folder anywhere , i can only copy files into it . 
  i managed to do it over an online ftp tool . 
  of course they did n't , they have the camera for entertainment not to actually help . 
  bodak yellow , definitely . 
  or rip their nails off . 
  lol i have a $ 1370 acer laptop and it 's great for gaming, 
  this seems like a very good idea . 
  yes , although some events like the 92 la riots still do n't allow me to think straight . 
  bottled water tastes better than tap water . 
  his face is showing so he 's not all dressed up . 
  why is this quote trying to make her sound bitchy ? 
  of course a transphobic comment is at the top . 
  maybe in your country . 
  who turned you down ? 
  he did . 
  because candy crush is so essential for windows search . 
  what do you mean by game crash ? 
  you are a lana del rey fan . 
  braces improve the chin ? 
  yep , my brother used to wear them for a long time and he still has no chin . 
  and he 's skinny as hell . 
  boys in the street . 
  you should put that in a dictionary as an oxymoron definition . 
  czech republic . 
  a new 1tb drive costs around $ 60 . 
  and our average wage is $ 1143 per month . 
  i 'm 22 , your assumption is wrong . 
  oh no , an age difference !, 
  how trashy !, 
   no idea, 
  yeah , that ellen pao hate was so much better !, 
  swastikas on the front page . 
  hurray !, 
  i disagree . 
  music is entirely subjective . 
  i disagree and i definitely would n't brand it as children 's series . 
  i was not able to get into this book . 
  op : let 's be condescending and belittling, 
  subreddit : maybe not, 
  / u/brookbooks : you are children, 
  and you would be the asshole . 
  you 're mentally ill . 
  take your own advice !, 
  that music was obnoxious . 
  wait . 
  oh i wish my mom 's car was insured like that . 
  she 's been dependent on my car since her accident because she only got like 1/3 of the value . 
  nani ?!, 
  * op 's video plays *, 
  i know !, 
  top sheet ? 
  damn you americans . 
  i have never listened to metallica before , because mostly i listen to rap music but this is one of those songs i really like and i think the first time i heard it , it became one of my favourite songs of all time . 
  then i found out , that most of metallica 's music sounds totally different and i want to listen to something similar so bad . 
  i use spotify and tried to let their radio decide , but it almost always plays music i do n't like that much . 
  it would be great if you could recommend me something . 
  i have really quiet voice and people often tell me to speak up or to repeat what i said . 
  and everytime i try to talk louder , not only it seems to me like i 'm almost yelling but it also makes my throat hurt ( just like when i 'm really yelling ) . 
  i hate talking because of this . 
  i 'd like to finally find some addons that does this . 
  i tried tens of addons but none of them is able to do this . 
  i have been using opera for last couple of months because it has this youwatch addon that does exactly what i want but i want use firefox instead . 
  so please , is there some secret addon that everyone is hiding from me and i have n't found it yet ? 
  i have always wondered why the creatures in horror films are n't that scary . 
  why i say this - there are lots of pictures of scary shit on the internet , mostly those deformed wide-smiling animals and pictures of mythical creatures and none of those in films are even close to this . 
  the only example i can think of where there was an actually scary creature in film would probably be grave encounters 2 ( the scene i 'm talking about is [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqcpzldrwei ) ) . 
  for example some movies that are scary but still not enough :, 
  * alien, 
  * the thing, 
  * any ghost films ( insidious , conjuring , mama ),
