  even if it 's empty , it still either does n't fit in the pocket or creates a huge bulge on your ass , sitting with it is impossible and it feels like anybody could steal it any moment . 
  i put it in the coat pocket whenever available , other than that i either suffer with it in my front pocket , put it in the shopping bag in my hand or just leave it at home and go out with the money and id in my pocket . 
   or they discover that they are pansexual-otherkin-bi-curious-asexual-furry at the age of 13 and demand acceptance of their ** alternate lifestyle ** . 
  nice . 
  i want to know what happens next . 
  you can die any time , but after that , you will never know when the ww3 starts !, 
  you will never see kanye throw another hissy fit !, 
  where will isis be in 10 years ? 
  will azealia banks and natalia kills ever make a song called `` cunt '' together ? 
  i want to know all that . 
  i have the pornhub app installed . 
  i do n't really care if they see that , but they better do n't open it . 
  my first thought would be that your parents are cops and sometimes you call their work number . 
  have all new cars made with phone jammers that turn off with the engine off only . 
  if you really need to call , you are forced to stop , just like you 're supposed to do . 
  everything looks less majestic now . 
  scott disick is such a douche . 
  is that bono ? 
  women are mostly victims of rape during war , i 'm not sure you can disregard that so quickly . 
  4 weeks maternity leave ? 
  oh did you have someone particular on your mind ? 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know who you 're talking about . 
  it 's the nose , is n't it ? 
  if it prevents drivers from using their phones illegally , i 'd say it 's worth it . 
  neither is not recognizing an obvious joke . 
  slack cut , what now ? 
  acne is likely to go away eventually . 
  i 'm 20 and i still have some left on my back . 
  i think you 're good looking , do n't worry about that . 
  this is not a good example . 
  better one would be car locks will unlock/engine will start only if a breath test shows no alcohol . 
  good lord you 're hot . 
  they are posting here knowing this , we are responding knowing also . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
  are there really any reasons to drive you car drunk while texting ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  what do you mean by public right of way ? 
  i thought it means public roads . 
  english is not my first language , i do n't know some phrases . 
  if they are reasonable , they wo n't . 
  i tried it , but unfortunately it lags a lot ( not the music , the program ) . 
  the new feature is you get to accidentally close the client every time you want to minimize it . 
  this is the second time since i switched to google music when an album is not available in my region . 
  first kendrick , now this . 
  i basically tried every single advice from [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/2s6urq/export_spotify_playlists_to_google_music_i_fixed/ ) thread . 
  and i just realized that it would be more comfortable to just use virtualbox ... 
  thank you for the answer . 
  their website literally says :, 
   virtualbox - uses p2p for updates when installing linux , maybe even for other os, 
  that confused me a little . 
  that 's actually great , since it lets me know which song became unavailable . 
  that 's the reason i switched from spotify - no more unavailable music . 
  tumblr is not about social justice , it 's a social network just like any other . 
  you make it sound like social justice is all tumblr is about , which is just a popular stereotype on reddit . 
  emotion is not primarily expressed through cartoonish social justice . 
  but the floor is so cold without carpet !, 
  i 'm going to quote / u/bonerdude from another thread :, 
   alright, 
  what a great role model that guy is . 
  my dorm 's . 
  it 's not accessible from the outside and is n't in english i think . 
  i use airdroid too , but this app seems to offer a quicker solution . 
  and apparently i ca n't make playlists with songs from other playlists when offline even though they 're downloaded . 
  that linkin park video for one step closer is so awkward . 
  the song is still great but the video made me uncomfortable . 
  studying music sounds like something you would want to avoid if you like music . 
  * pronouncing any word containing ` th ', 
  * prepositions ( the worst imo ), 
  * constructing natural sounding sentences ( word order , etc. ), 
  i 'd say something racist towards roma people . 
  the surface of water viewed from the bridge . 
  i actually have a really good english teacher and he 's making us do this too , it 's just so unnatural for me . 
  czech , it 's a slavic language and funnily enough , the foreign languages i had to learn were german and english ( which are germanic ) , so it makes learning them even harder . 
  i do n't know about russian , but czech language does use declensions a lot . 
  why would you even do such a thing ? 
  i ca n't imagine not being born into this language and learning it . 
  it is fun , if i can learn on my own terms . 
  teachers take the fun out of it though . 
  is this some sort of reference to groot ? 
  yeah and they make perfect sense to me . 
  but trying to learn that in adulthood seems like a very masochistic thing to do . 
  since some of us have to sit there 8-18 and use the remaining time for preparations ? 
  i just finished season 6 and i must tell you , there is no reason to hate that family . 
  i think that anyone who hates them and their show probably saw one commercial and hates because everybody else does . 
  if you think they 're doing nothing , you obviously know nothing about them . 
  which is fine , but there 's no reason to spread misinformation, 
  it 's one of those shows everyone watches before you that it completely disgusts you the third time you hear the same episode all over again . 
  it 's a good show , but now it 's ruined because of the scandal . 
  you 're just repeating what everybody who does n't know anything about them says . 
  you basically called beauty , fashion and modeling industries shallow . 
  the sex tape did help with publicity but it was n't the one and only thing to start their careers . 
  using your looks to succeed is not a bad thing , unless you consider all models to be morally inferior . 
  i live in a dorm that 's just outside a big city and the college is 30 minutes of walking away . 
  if i wanted to get a job i would have to use public transportation , because i do n't have a car ( just like most of my peers ) . 
  so you 're saying i should use the time after school to work ? 
  how am i supposed to prepare for the classes ? 
  am i even allowed to sleep ? 
  some of you have really weird image of how to live . 
  i get some have to do it this way , because they ca n't rely on their parents ' financial help , but vast majority of students can . 
  working is even frowned upon by some teachers , one of them told us that learning should be our number one priority and combining work with school is a great way to fail .
