  it 's not just about anonymous people you meet and forget immediately . 
  i 'm talking about running in an area where students i see daily at school walk every day . 
  that 's humiliating . 
  i would n't be able to look at them if i met them afterwards . 
   remember , look at everyone you pass . 
  there are many people i talked to once but never acknowledge them when i pass them . 
  how do i look at them , is n't that weird ? 
  acknowledging that i 'm out of shape is humiliating . 
  i do n't want others to know that i 'm trying to lose weight , i 'm sure there would be people who would ridicule me for that ( not in a bad way but still jokingly ) . 
  but i 'm scared that they 're going to talk behind my back about how creepy i am ... 
  sure . 
  it 's like comparing manslaughter to mass murder . 
  at that point , it does n't matter how shitty you are . 
   we see virtually no difference between a homosexual and a paedophile ? 
  that makes you ignorant . 
  and you 're russion so case closed , this guy takes it up the ass . 
  how is this comment downvoted when it basically is the same opinion the current most opvoted has ? 
   you realize houston , the city in question , actually has a gay mayor ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  the american president is black and there still are lots of racists . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  the american president is black and there still are lots of racists . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  i do , and it 's mostly gay porn . 
  i can say that because unlike you , i do n't feel threatened by other people 's masculinity . 
  you 're just afraid men will treat you the way you treat women . 
  you 're russian , you 're a syrian terrorist supporter , you 're scared of the gays and your president is a puppet . 
  go home you human trash . 
  nobody wants you . 
  go back to you precious ` little ' country , close the borders and do n't show your face in the civilized part of the world . 
  nobody gives a fuck about your post-communist bullshit . 
  my point was that the people who elected a gay mayor might not care about their mayor being gay , and still be transphobic as well . 
  well , you sound like you have absolutely no problems . 
  treating your dog as shit is not much better than doing the same to your kid . 
   who says they are only promoting it thru the apple tv ? 
  i do . 
  i have n't seen it anywhere else . 
   a lot of people have never even heard of plex until it came out on the apple tv . 
  does n't make sense . 
  making it available for free on gaming consoles would expose it to more people than apple tv ever will . 
  i 'm doing my best . 
  you wo n't achieve anything by belittling me . 
  try again . 
  plex is not watching tv . 
  and it is more probable that someone interested in gaming will be interested in something like plex . 
  nobody says that you idiot . 
  you 're saying it like it was a good thing . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  this might be why i 'm getting 90 % hip hop recommendations . 
  i bought one song on itunes years ago that belongs to that genre . 
  i might try the apple music twitter account . 
  i do n't think so , people who react like that just do n't expect others to be level-headed . 
  of course not , but before the crash they 've probably done that many times and always made it . 
  i must say , even after all those years , reading german without the proper capital letters makes my brain hurt . 
  6 years . 
  funny thing is , i still know how to read german properly , but i would n't understand . 
  to release their childish anger . 
   in britain , automatics are almost exclusively used by pensioners and the disabled . 
  because they know better and do n't need that manual bullshit , because it 's pointless . 
  and they should n't be allowed to reproduce ... 
  why do n't we just kill them ? 
  it was sarcasm . 
  i was pointing out how absurd your comment was . 
  you know manuals are harder to drive on hills , right ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  just accept you are wrong . 
  my onions . 
  there are more versions . 
  edit : i see , instead of telling me what mistake i made , you downvote me . 
  pathetic . 
  it 's ok , you do n't have to cry when someone has more money than you . 
  that would fuck up the parked cars too . 
  you did n't think it through , did you ? 
  preschool must be hard . 
  ah , it 's because the movie titles is translated the same in my language . 
  i thought the 1980 movie the fog was also based on the king book . 
  they lose control of their car if they hit the bump at that speed . 
  did you see how narrow the street is and that there are cars parked on both sides of the road ? 
  you just wish he killed someone , do n't you ? 
  yeah , just get behind the bus so if they fall you can run them over easily . 
  hah , when i think of druids , i think of the one from asterix and obelix comics . 
  no , the point is innocent people would pay the price too . 
  no , he might have no insurance . 
  and having your car totaled sucks even if you get paid afterwards . 
  yeah , except messed up cars are going to happen every time someone speeds over that bump . 
  the new ceelo album is already on apple music ... 
  because you 're a piece of shit , just like the people you ` confront ' . 
  the rest of the comment is spot on , you just nitpicked the one thing he was wrong about . 
  it must be a bug specific to you , because i have the option in all those situations . 
  looks like they really hate you . 
  because he 's cute af . 
  not flossing is not the cause . 
  it 's overrated . 
  you can always pirate the few albums that do this and upload them so it never happens again . 
  sounds great , hopefully we 'll get this experience on android too . 
  why not buy an iphone ? 
  i 'm listening to the deluxe version on apple music and my question is - why do i like the bonus tracks more than most of the album ? 
  * do n't need nobody * and * devotion * are the only songs from the base album i really like . 
  stop being a cunt .
