  i believe . 
  reddit just has a hate boner for fat people . 
  double click selects a word or a portion of text . 
  you have to click , wait , click again . 
  i want to be able to just click once instead . 
  the cammer is literally swerving across the road , does n't see a fast car approaching , tries to crash into them and then road rages at them . 
   avoid crashing, 
   so just slow down or do whatever you need to do so they move on and you can get in, 
  it seems to me you 're trying not to say it but in some cases i actually have to stop , right ? 
   if you really ca n't merge then traffic is probably at gridlock so it does n't matter . 
  please do n't dismiss my question like that , i 'm actually talking about a situation when there are multiple cars driving fast and there is no window to merge . 
  this is why i asked the question - people seem to dismiss the fact that the situation can happen and i want to be ready for that . 
  that 's loud as fuck . 
  this is where i wish i had an automatic . 
  i wish they were , i always get really nervous with my trailer . 
  i know how to drive and for me it 's hard to do . 
  4 years . 
  til . 
  thought it 's spelled halsey . 
   the more muscular the man , the manlier the man in my opinion . 
  i always end up eating my chicken wings so no flying for me :(, 
  i have a bookmark folder full of stupid shit i do n't want to spend money on , hoping one day someone will ask me what i want for birthday . 
  ugh , i ca n't wait for self-driving cars . 
  everyone will finally be safe from me . 
  if you 're like me and insist every brand of bottled water tastes different and so does tap water in every house , you 've got plenty of choice . 
  i 'm unable to taste the difference between all the colas and pepsi . 
  my taste buds must be fucked up . 
  i know , i actually can do that part , but i fail at smoothly upshifting . 
  it 's all so clunky and jerky . 
  i know the theory but i 'm only able to use it when i 'm not under pressure . 
  if you 're up to arguing with the officer . 
  i always skip that because i hate live recordings . 
  the kardashians are gorgeous . 
  [ pikachu anal usb charger ] ( http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/pokemon-go-external-pikachu-power-bank-led-usb-battery-phone-charger-/152444594529?_trksid=p2385738.m2548.l4275 ), 
  [ xanax pillow ] ( https://drugsnuggler.com/products/body-pillow ), 
  [ mouse and keyboard for consoles ] ( http://xim.tech/ ), 
  [ squatty potty ] ( https://www.squattypotty.com/ ), 
  just a few examples, 
   [ stale old fags ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-_d3lon9b-tu/vztrcburqyi/aaaaaaaac7m/jhxflvhmo9u/s1600/f294c3e0a6a4a7302c13c815325d362f.jpeg ), 
  what are you explaining friction to her for ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i 'm the opposite , i ca n't be myself around people who are never serious . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a person my age ( early 20s ) who is capable of having a serious conversation without cracking jokes here and there . 
  i live in the czech republic and everyone here just calls it honey cake . 
  no thanks , genius.com got me covered . 
  sounds like a nice swingers party !, 
  weak flair mod . 
  no , but i did n't listen to it because i thought it was embarrassing . 
  i grew up in a small town where all the boys only listened to rock and metal . 
  right ? 
  my brother 's new car has brake assist and i 've been there to experience it . 
  it triggered because he did n't slow down for the car in front of us which was turning left , but slowly . 
  it scared the shit out of me , sounded terrible too . 
  honestly i ca n't even imagine how you do n't do both . 
  because backing out is less likely to enrage some idiot who is waiting for you to park . 
  blame the car makers for making it different for every car . 
  how many people reported it to the police ? 
  it 's much harder to park like that . 
  i used to be able to do it when it was required of me during the driving test but i have n't tried it ever since . 
  i just hate making people behind me wait . 
  i had to successfully reverse park and parallel park several times during my test but i 've never done it again after that . 
  now i 'm unable to park like that on the first try . 
  jesus fucking christ i have never seen anything like that . 
  how fucking stupid do you have to be to start overtaking a vehicle that just started braking ... 
  but it 's still clear from context . 
  for a european driver this would be clear . 
  we are doomed . 
  this is such a perfect explanation , thank you for it . 
  duh , being a single child sucks . 
  they need another puppy . 
  wow , so all of those were hit & runs ? 
  in my country that would be 7/12 points and a fine up to $ 200 ( a lot of money here ) . 
  i 'm so above this trash comment of yours is not even funny . 
  according to last.fm :, 
  * lana del rey - born to die : paradise edition, 
  * 50 cent - curtis, 
  * kanye west - the life of pablo, 
  * kab\u00e1t - dole v dole ( czech rock band ), 
  but i 'm guessing before i started using last.fm my top 5 was just eminem . 
  `` muslim leader '' - the ultimate leader of all muslims on earth . 
  i would hate driving a manual in that city . 
  silent because cammer made an ass of himself . 
  is that his rant channel ? 
  he has some ... interesting opinions . 
  this is really cool , i 'm gon na try it out !, 
  yes , definitely . 
  his music opinions are definitely valuable . 
  even though i do n't have a music taste similar to him , i still like his videos because he introduces me to music i otherwise would n't listen to . 
  the way he talks about the music makes me want to listen to it . 
  as you wish . 
  did you really have to go on a rant about sjws ? 
  wtf ? 
  did you know nigger is actually just a part of the engine , not a racial slur ? 
  guys calm down . 
  nigger is just a part of the engine , not a racial slur !, 
  the river and the thread album by rosanne cash . 
  very soothing . 
  did a kardashian get married ? 
  britney was a bald bitch first , take notes halsey . 
   i like rihanna , but ` anti ' was not this groundbreaking masterpiece that everyone claims it is . 
   2u seems to be struggling , guess jb went a tad overboard with the features .
