  thanks , i knew the part about the inductor behaving this way but it did n't occur to me the capacitor will be discharged like that . 
  sometimes i wonder why it is so difficult for me to understand the basics so much . 
  thank you , that makes sense . 
  i actually paused when the squirrel mentioned an empty bottle and got stuck there for a moment . 
  it just did n't make sense . 
  maybe you should rename the youtube video too and allow the comments . 
  it 's the car brand 's fault !!!, 
  you really call them manholes ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  why do n't you say the word you were actually thinking ? 
  it 's preferable to brake though . 
  he did well . 
  this reminded me of all those / r/talesfromretail where people refuse to admit their card was declined . 
  what i meant was that spending more time cooking than i spend eating is usually a waste of time . 
  not because the food quality but because no matter how tasty it 's not worth the effort and time . 
  if cooking one proper meal lasted me a week i would consider it . 
  i actually started seeing more posts on facebook first lately . 
  i bet the cat took it . 
  yep , she 's one of the few sane politians in europe . 
  that 's the point ... 
  this does n't really make sense though . 
  you 're basically saying that if you do n't know what to say think of something to say . 
  wow , i guess this is different country to country but mine told me i have to see a psychiatrist if i want any medication , said she ca n't prescribe any . 
  south park . 
  works best . 
  they just were in an accident , it 's perfectly ok to be a bit shaken up . 
  hideout that you ca n't close ... 
  i had a really stressful week so i guess i 'm just agitated and a bit disappointed that it does n't work yet . 
  thank you , i 'm sure this will help me find some favorites and mom will have something to listen to as well !, 
  well , when you have an addiction ... 
  that does n't include the smokers . 
  i still use warez forums , they are still just as active as they used to be . 
  i was n't allowed to watch titanic because of that . 
  how is that relevant to his comment ? 
  your comment is still not relevant . 
  the joys of learning to drive stick are the same everywhere no matter if driving stick is the norm or not . 
  how did this happen ? 
  why were the songs deleted ? 
  was it because they became unavailable on apple music ? 
  i still regularly come back to his music , it 's so perfect . 
  i think you know that what you did was not a solution . 
  you 're ranting here because you need to feel like you did the right thing . 
  well , you did n't . 
  i used to be fat and at the time would probably have the same reaction as your sister . 
  she needs to figure this out on her own . 
  her relatives stressing her out is not going to help her . 
  the idea of exercising is discouraging . 
  i like the fact that i can lose weight easily without stressing about it . 
  the only illegal scum is op . 
  you 're driving like a maniac . 
  i want a goddamn hug . 
  pokemon go to the morgues !, 
  anyone have a mirror ? 
  33 % in 5:24 minutes , i 'm european btw . 
  did n't even recognize half the countries , and what 's up with those city states ? 
  i knew about vatican but did n't recognize the rest . 
  it is indeed a 3.0 drive . 
  my processor is intel core i7 4710hq . 
  and the drive does n't work on at least one other computer . 
  i tried it on another computer and it 's the same so i guess i will have to return it . 
  yes , i returned it the same day . 
  they told me that i will probably get a replacement . 
  yeah , this joke is still so funny . 
  depending on what brand you will pick there will be at least one music player preinstalled . 
  sometimes that might be the google music app , which works as a local music player as well . 
  of course you can download any of the players available in the play store . 
  yep , basically you can put the files anywhere in the phone storage and the app usually finds them automatically . 
  it does n't let me in , is it us only ? 
  i have been considering exercise for some time but do n't have the courage to even try . 
  i do n't feel comfortable around people and exercising ca n't be done in privacy . 
  at least i do n't have any . 
  i live in a boarding house with a roommate over the week and on the weekend i 'm at home where i share a room with my brother . 
  honestly , i feel awkward and stupid exercising alone too , i tried that before when i had a chance a couple times . 
  i can barely even do any exercises , my arms start shaking pretty easily . 
  i have it on my keyboard . 
  / thread, 
  so ... apparently it 's because my language is n't english . 
  sigh ... 
  [ do you even rum , bro ? 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ljx182o5eb1qd87ay.gif ), 
  this guy is paid to promote the software . 
  it 's just as expensive as all the other ones . 
  i pay for apple music but still make offline backups of music in case it goes to shit . 
  i recommend you to start using an app called [ frep ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.x0.strai.frep ) . 
  it allows you to record and create touch patterns . 
  basically i will leave the game running , charger connected and this app holds the hatch button for me , then waits and then starts again , indefinitely . 
  i am so glad my android tv can play this . 
  you 're a fucking trap . 
  cool . 
  your shirt reminds me of a certain flag . 
  so funny !, 
  as someone who 's keyboard is n't just english , i have to do that sometimes . 
  waze is absolute shit and does n't work offline . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  the quest counter says i have about 2.1 t laid and the stats say 2.2 t ( because i started the farm before the quest was launched ) . 
  i definitely did n't have the game on the whole time , i 'd say it was 50/50 . 
  thank you !, 
  this is exactly what i needed !, 
  i do n't care , their videos are entertaining . 
  * stop offering me ads when i ca n't watch them anymore,
