  the only real advice is to keep searching for people who might be interested in you . 
  torture does n't work . 
  just because it works in your favorite movie does n't mean it works irl . 
  it 's a band . 
  you did n't have to come here in the first place . 
  yes , but i want to mostly use it when shopping . 
  i do n't like making shopping lists but i would n't mind maintaining some inventory . 
  cool , thanks, 
  that 's simply not true . 
  some of us just find most people uninteresting . 
  profile pics should n't have other people in it anyway , unless you 're like a single parent or something . 
  this is the exact bullshit people like to pull and it 's so dumb . 
  no , just because i find most people to be x does n't mean i 'm x instead . 
  the only thing i like even less is the western genre . 
  did n't enjoy it because of that but i guess if you like those things then you might . 
  that 's exactly the way . 
  yeah , just be a dick to someone who did n't enjoy something you did . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  i just learned over the years to avoid people because i feel terrible pretending to be interested , laughing at stupid jokes and trying to fit in . 
  there i people whose company i enjoy but they are so rare . 
  i blame it on the fact that my environment has n't changed in 6 years . 
  oh , sorry , i forgot that you stop being a dick after 2 months . 
  so i 'm an asshole for studying electrical engineering . 
  right . 
  oh , even more of a dick than we thought . 
  i 'm a student :( i can hardly afford the food, 
  sure , i will rely on a `` thought experiment '' of a random redditor . 
  you 're delusional . 
  torture does n't work , the earth rotates around the sun , trump still sucks . 
  i will try it , thanks for the tip . 
  it 's interesting , i 'm the same height but 69kg and i look worse than you in the before picture . 
  all about that fat no muscle . 
  this field just attracts a special breed of people . 
  i 'm so sick of it . 
  y u so mean tho, 
  because this season is just so boring . 
  ayyyyy, 
  ca n't wait to hear the new dead mau five album . 
  actually reddit only stores visited links for a week and it does n't even work most of the time . 
  slide is more modern but i find it a bit cluttered so it can be difficult to control . 
  it 's really nice !, 
  land safe birdo, 
  i get it , nazis were right . 
  right ? 
  http://pcgames-download.net/ but do n't you dare to not have adblock, 
  could n't care less about this honestly , the functionality is irreplaceable . 
  i really like snaplock because it does n't dim the screen when there are no notifications . 
  this is something that ca n't be answered objectively . 
  everyone will try to push their favourite on you . 
  the only way to find out is to try yourself . 
  i still struggle with this as i think there is n't a perfect reddit app for me . 
  the only app i know of is airmore but it does n't work in the background in the same way airdroid does . 
  what is this for ? 
  they have n't figured out spotify , they wo n't figure out netflix . 
  oh god , i must 've been blind to miss this . 
  thank you . 
  of course there is a reason . 
  some of us want to back up our playlists the easy way . 
  just enough jpeg for me . 
  uhh , no . 
  yeah , just feed the troll . 
  cheap jump scares : the movie . 
  cheap jump scares : the movie . 
  it 's just so much stress before you actually get to a psychiatrist . 
  yep , but only for the guy . 
  it 's the no bullshit app . 
  just works , is simple and gets shit done without useless crap . 
  i use other apps to fuck around but if i need to do something quickly i still go to rif . 
  i do n't know about you but i have always really liked this version . 
  not education but intellect i 'd say . 
  i know it sounds pretentious but i ca n't imagine living with someone who would have a constant problem of wrapping his head around many conversational topics . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  you see , it 's not that easy . 
  first i have to search for them - there are only like 50 % of them mentioned on the internet . 
  then i have to go to the address to find current information because on the internet there usually is only an address and an old phone number . 
  finding them is not easy . 
  after that i finally have relevant phone numbers and i can start calling - to find out that most of them are full or have months of waiting time . 
  and when i finally get there and the person is rude to me ? 
  go through all of that again ... 
  i live in the czech republic , that 's probably the difference . 
  nobody gives a shit about mental health here . 
  it 's barely a thing . 
  finding a good doctor is a miracle . 
  honestly i hope my depression gets worse . 
  maybe finally someone will give a shit , but i doubt it . 
  i just wish for cancer or something like that . 
  fuck that motorcyclist . 
  the biker is . 
  reported to youtube . 
  i hope he does n't , that 's not what our countries are about . 
  no it does n't . 
  still a good video . 
  you 're not a cop asshole , it 's not your job to block other assholes . 
  thing is , i do n't choose the streaming service based on how much it pays the artists but how convenient it is for me to use it . 
  it hurt , so what ? 
  what a fucking pussy you are . 
  nice . 
  yep , you 're racist . 
  exactly . 
  it is .
