  it did n't make any sense to me . 
  sometimes i cry at night knowing there are people like you, 
  schindler 's list is miserable . 
  the pianist is miserable . 
  the leftovers are nowhere near that misery . 
  it was so bad but i found the plot 's potential too good so i went for the comic books . 
  worth it . 
  nope he did n't :-), 
  lol where are all the people who are usually in favor of aggressive drivers ? 
  oh right , he 's a cyclist so he 's does n't get a pass, 
  he should n't be driving that fast in the first place . 
  nope , you only drive 250 km / if you know for sure you 're not endangering anyone . 
  an accident would still be your fault . 
  suicide simulator, 
  * patiently waiting for troye to sign up to helix studios . 
  i mean , is n't that preferable ? 
  when i go see an artist live it 's not because i want them to do everything on the spot , i just want them to be there and the music playing loud . 
  huh , so the show homeland portrays it pretty accurately . 
  i always found it interesting how loosely the main character was wearing her scarf . 
  damn , so edgy . 
  turns out that while you people are not neckbeards you are racist !, 
  who would have thought ? 
  lol, 
  lol he fucked it up, 
  this bitch again, 
  how to raise a reader : let kids choose if they want to read or not . 
  the real lpt is always in the comments . 
  you are absolutely right but this sub is a reading circlejerk after all . 
  reading is just another form of entertainment that can get out of hand if it 's unhealthily encouraged . 
  putting your kid in front of the tv and giving it books it spends hours reading is the same thing . 
  lol no i like pitying myself for being different, 
  can the mods ban, 
  well you certainly are . 
  nope , facebook is fine . 
  here in the czech republic the polish drivers are known to be reckless , especially when overtaking or at the railway crossings . 
  now i wonder if it 's because that 's how they 're used to drive . 
  wait , are we talking about madonna 's holiday ? 
  they are so cute . 
  if it means he slows down i 'm all for it . 
  it 's the lisp . 
   i thought it was interesting to see a bit of how clementine is dealing with going through puberty in a world where no one ever bothered to give her a crash course on sex ed . 
  honestly , this is such a clich\u00e9 i 'm actually sick of it . 
  in every game or movie where you have a little girl in a postapo world this topic always comes up . 
  it 's always the same . 
  a little girl got her first period and an older male has to explain it to her . 
  like , if you 're trying to be realistic , how come adult women never get their period ? 
  only the little girls ? 
  ffs, 
  considering that certain parts are sung in angelic i can understand . 
  exactly , i still remember the beyblade craze . 
  those were our generation 's spinners . 
  it must be more than 10 years since i watched that . 
  no , i really like his songs . 
  anybody got a mirror ? 
  act, 
  does he really, 
  i hope it 's for health reasons . 
  not eating meat except for fish just does n't make sense . 
  fish * is * meat . 
  that 's like not eating meat except for chicken . 
  too bad someone is probably gon na sell them on g2a . 
  this is how relationships fall apart . 
  men unwilling to listen , they just talk . 
  why would i say that ? 
  [ just a little ] ( https://youtu.be/ijy0th-c4-4?t=76 ), 
  i mean it . 
  there is time for everything . 
  shoving solutions down someone 's throat every time is not the right thing to do . 
  acknowledging emotions and willingness to listen are just as important . 
  this is why relationships fall apart - one partner is like a robot , the other has emotions . 
  we are human , we have to acknowledge that . 
  listening is vital when needed , just as providing a solution . 
  thanks for being helpful . 
   a couple of * insert any car brand you ca n't afford * driving dangerously , colour me surprised !, 
  that 's my kind of music . 
  they certainly should n't be downvoting like mad . 
  cgi is not an enemy . 
  that 's not normal . 
  sad cringe is reddit complaining about a fidget spinner app . 
  i usually went with the first google result , never had any issues . 
  there are so many rude people thinking it 's ok to loudly comment and react to other people 's clothing ... 
  being honest is n't just about being rude . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  dae all muslims are terrorists ?? 
  man defends himself against two attackers and a dangerously looking muslim female . 
  add white dudes attacking girls on public transportation to that list . 
  it 's nice . 
  i think i prefer my civilized society . 
  duckduckgo and going tens of pages in for ddl links . 
  new vegas might feel more clunky at first but imo it has the best atmosphere of all the modern fallout games . 
  it 's more mysterious , there are many interesting choices you can make but the best thing is the conversation system . 
  yep , that 's the reason why it 's the last resort . 
  unfiltered results bring all the good and bad with them . 
  he can have mine . 
  he 's cute though . 
  what he does with his voice completely ruins any song . 
  it 's hard to pronounce well when you 're choking on a dick . 
  i literally only like the target ad with crj . 
  that 's nothing new . 
  she will , do n't worry .
