  ugh that thumbnail, 
  awesome . 
  `` yes , you could do it but you did n't . '', 
  what a perfect way to say it . 
  this is the type of album i would n't put in my top 100 but i still listen to it from time to time . 
  these phases usually do n't last more than a day for me . 
  yep , he 's not * total * douche about it . 
  subbed . 
  fuck you sensitive snowflakes . 
  what a pretentious douchebag . 
  be open to his interests , do n't automatically brand them as stupid and a waste of time . 
  it makes me feel the opposite - like they 're asking it just because they 're supposed to and anything longer than ` good ' will make them mentally roll their eyes . 
  conclusion : if you make a conclusion apple is racist , or that muslims are bad , you 're wrong . 
  how on earth were you able to figure that out ? 
  your intelligence astounds me !, 
  what makes you think i wanted people to think it 's real ? 
  there are no shadows . 
  they are floating in the air . 
  the hand is clearly fake . 
  it 's obviously photoshoped . 
  jesus christ you people are morons . 
  i did n't make this you imbecile . 
  seriously ? 
  it 's a million dollar race . 
  sure , a repost from facebook is my work . 
  you 're a genius . 
  shhhhh, 
  in my country the rule generally is that you 're supposed to go look for the teacher after 10 minutes . 
  how is that trashy ? 
  thank you !, 
  you bet !, 
  at least i know i would n't have a problem with that . 
  you 're fucked up . 
  i would . 
  they should both go to jail . 
  i think vegans are right but i am not a vegan . 
  also i think confidence is important yet i do n't have any . 
  i live in europe and my dentist never even told me to floss . 
  flossing seems to be an american thing . 
  that 's perfectly readable / s, 
   listen to your body , eat when you 're hungry , stop eating when you 're full, 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
  everyone who 's ever been fat knows that your body wo n't tell you to stop eating unless you 're stuffed and that 's too late . 
  it 's not a simple thing fighting a food addiction . 
  it 's like telling a smoker to stop smoking . 
  he ca n't just suddenly stop smoking because it will be physically painful . 
  same with fat people . 
  they will be feeling hungry and dizzy if they do n't eat their regular amount . 
  yes , but right now there are no editors for people like me who can get by with less functionality . 
  it seems now i have a +10 % for some rare resources . 
  i guess it 's that one unicorn i have ? 
  i do n't get why everyone in here is screaming no . 
  i 'm gay and i would n't mind if a girl wanted to experiment with me sexually . 
  it 's a feature, 
  how do you feel about being a karma whore ? 
  he 's probably crushing on him . 
  what ? 
  i go that subreddit from time to time and i have n't noticed any of that . 
  wait , why are you being passive aggressive ? 
  i 'm not here to argue with you , i 'm confused why you think / r/twoxchromosomes is a shitty place because it seems alright to me . 
  what the hell ... what 's wrong with you ? 
  why are you being so rude ? 
  so you 're an alt right troll or what ??? 
  i do n't get it , i thought this subreddit was for people who are against racism and sexism . 
  again , what is wrong with you ? 
  i would n't know goddamn it because i only visit it when it reaches the front page and it 's usually some wholesome post and all the comments are `` i 'm so happy for you . '', 
  i do n't browse it regularly . 
  alright , keep your assumptions . 
  i see you 're just a troll . 
  i 'll just go ahead and disable inbox replies . 
  well that 's hardly a reason to downvote , is it ? 
  yep !, 
  most nonos phones had java support . 
   i do n't understand it so it 's stupid . 
  it is . 
  what the hell is mtr ? 
  if it 's supposed to be meters use 'm ' . 
  how does multiplayer work in the pirated version ? 
  lol sure blame the feminists, 
   being white male today is like being a crime . 
  if this sub upvotes bullshit like this i 've lost all hope in a sane male subreddit, 
  i think it 's pretty clear from this thread that men ( especially white men ) are very unhappy that, 
  * women are not dependent on us anymore, 
  * we are not ( or wo n't be in the near future ) the # 1 default the world revolves around, 
  this makes a lot of men depressed because growing up they have been taught that this would be true . 
  or some were n't taught this , they just expected to get it like their fathers and grandfathers . 
  it 's really sad guys but it 's time to admit that the true reason for our suicide rates is our own inability to see the society is changing and it 's getting better for literally everyone else . 
  you know why ? 
  because up until now it was the exact opposite . 
  jeez you 're angry, 
  some comments specifically mention it , that 's why i included it . 
  you might be right . 
  my guess is that our ancestors ' suicide rates are higher because they had it way worse in other aspects of life ( specifically war ) . 
  but there is no other explanation for suicides today than the one i presented when most men only saw war on tv . 
  i swear to god streamable.com lags even on 100mbit connection . 
  [ reminds me of this comic . 
  ] ( http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/i-cant-wait-to-turn-into-a-butterfly-yeah-me-too-worm-fail.jpg ), 
  yea i do n't think he 's gon skip it because of quality, 
  well that 's not true , i was able to do it using an online ftp tool and i am able to do it when i 'm connected to the network through windows explorer at school . 
  still assholes .
