  i think you miss the point of the show . 
  most of the country is in asia . 
  yeah , that does n't matter . 
  awwww , i can hear the jimmies rustling from here . 
  russia apologists are getting confused now . 
  the point is that they are reacting to something they do n't know . 
  if you want to see people reacting to what they know watch let 's players . 
  and i also do n't do the `` thanking '' thing . 
  it just confuses everybody . 
  is n't mecca a stampede bliss ? 
  yeah , i think the person yelling is a bigger psycho . 
  * angrily pedals away *, 
   the other guys helping her were reassuring her it was just material possession and she should be glad she was alive . 
  i 'm sure that helped tremendously . 
  what an idiot . 
  you shall not pass !, 
  actually / r/roadcam : `` the cammer is always right '', 
  you do n't like soft pussies ? 
  you must love tight assholes . 
  nothing , really . 
  i 'll just wait until it ends . 
  i do this too , when i write for myself most people ca n't read after me , but it 's still easy to write slower and make it readable for others . 
  nah , i used to have some but when you become an adult you realize how the world actually works and all your goals become unreachable . 
  i just do n't like the way my mind works . 
  it 's not worth the trouble . 
  i do n't think you can go any lower from none . 
  i 'm a burden to everyone around me , i just wish i did n't have anyone emotionally attached to me . 
  it would be so much easier to just quit . 
  well , you see , i had unrealistic expectations as a kid . 
  i thought that by the time i hit adulthood i will be a functional human being but it just did n't happen . 
  and if it did n't happen by now it never will . 
  flashing the hazard lights/headlights/high beams . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  and i also hope there 's nothing after death . 
  that would be insane . 
  i am unusable for real life . 
  right now i 'm still a student and the way teachers and friends react to me pretty much tells me that i suck at being able to coexist with them . 
  i feel like i 'm being mocked and ridiculed all the time and it 's all my fault but i 'm not willing to change . 
  fuck that . 
  it 's too much effort . 
  i 'm just incompetent in what i do . 
  i 've been studying electrical engineering for almost 6 years and i still ca n't remember the basics . 
  i have to relearn everything after some time because i forget easily . 
  it makes me look like i 'm lazier then i actually am . 
  the teachers think i do this on purpose and are always bewildered that i do n't know the basics . 
  then i lose all motivation to even try and it reflects in my results even more . 
  fellow students ridicule me ( or maybe it 's just in my head , who knows ... ) and that makes me not to go to classes because i want to avoid the embarrassment . 
  i barely go to school anymore . 
  it 's not worth the stress . 
  yeah , i 'm not doing that . 
  i tried that and it makes me feel horrible . 
  i have a wrong mind . 
  there 's no hope for me . 
  i just have to wait for the end . 
  it is boring but there is nothing else to do . 
  i 'm 21 . 
  i sit at my computer all day . 
  i 'm too scared to go outside . 
  every time i go out i feel like the whole world is watching me and everyone is waiting for an opportunity to mock me . 
  i do n't need that . 
  i do n't want to make changes to my life . 
  the idea terrifies me . 
  no , thank you . 
  i actually talk to a school psychologist but by the time we meet i usually calm down and have nothing to talk about . 
  if i could talk to someone when it matters then it might help , but if i have to meet him at a certain time at a certain day i will never be ready to express myself properly . 
  i usually just become bored and ca n't wait for the session to end and then it hits me couple hours later . 
  i do n't want to play games with my mind anymore . 
  he made it sound like he thinks i 'm not in need of medication but change of attitude . 
  when i talk it sounds like i 'm just a spoiled , lazy idiot . 
  and i am that , i just do n't want to admit it . 
  i think the problem is that coming out was something so extreme for him that he just does n't see any problem in what he 's doing anymore . 
  i feel that happening sometimes too . 
  when something is so hard to overcome , when you actually do overcome it you get a feeling that everything is ok . 
  my parents pay for everything . 
  i 've never had a job . 
  and i am sure that if i have one in the future i will be fired very quickly . 
  i just do n't know how to act around people . 
  the only people i 'm comfortable around is my family . 
  even close relatives like grandparents and cousins make me feel nervous . 
  i just do n't want to do anything . 
  i just want to sit in my chair and eat myself to death . 
  lol that 's pathetic . 
  anyway , i have to go to sleep , it 's almost midnight here . 
  thanks for talking to me . 
  thanks for the effort man but i have to go to sleep , it 's too late . 
  thanks for talking to me . 
  [ this confused me at first ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4r0mhxl.png ) , then i remembered i have the pc2respect extension installed . 
  amusing . 
  the only video where you actually need a red circle does n't have it . 
  ugh , it 's so annoying when people mispronounce german words on purpose . 
  i only wish there were more scenes with the kardashians . 
   not meant to be historical canon . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  it also does n't have to be completely ignorant on the topic . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard anyone say that . 
  next time at least visit the sub you 're recommending . 
  i 'm not looking for a subreddit with sad self posts . 
  i 'm looking for a subreddit that is like / r/sadcringe without the cringe . 
  not without the cringe in the title .
