  nuh-uh , mommy said you are !, 
  dummy !, 
   i assume, 
  calm down dude , 
  thank you for that . 
  thank you for your comment , i really appreciate it . 
  i am actually seeing a therapist every now and then . 
  he is trying to help me with this feeling of unworthiness and general lack of social skills . 
  it worked for a while because i finally had someone who would listen to me but now that i said almost everything and did n't get an instant solution i 've been kinda discouraged to continue . 
  i 'm too lazy , afraid of change and other people . 
  i do n't think i will ever be able to overcome this . 
  i 'm not sure i want to . 
  that too . 
  i hate that we have to sweat . 
  why ca n't all the water just go with the pee ? 
  oh this would be just glorious . 
  yeah , it makes me feel more safe and confident . 
  damn that sounds awful . 
  i feel sorry for you , that must be terrible to deal with . 
  i also have a skin condition but it 's similar to lupus . 
  it 's all over my head . 
  can be hidden but when i sweat it also itches and i ca n't scratch because that would reveal it . 
  i usually see him every 2 or 3 weeks for an hour . 
  he 's provided to me through my university so it 's all free . 
  i probably could see him every week but he always seems so busy and i do n't want to bother him too much , especially when he maybe does this in his free time . 
  there might be some support groups but i do n't think i belong there . 
  those groups are meant for people with actual mental disorders and i do n't think i have a disorder ( i wish i did ) , i 'm just really lazy and socially awkward . 
  i would feel like i was leeching off their kindness . 
  but i get why it helped you , having someone you can talk to and not feel judged is an awesome feeling . 
  i just wish i had someone like that 24/7 ... maybe i even do but i 'm too afraid to bother anyone . 
  everyone has enough things to worry about , the last thing they need is another leech trying to use them . 
  i just ca n't deal with anything , everything that requires any effort from me makes me anxious . 
  i fear the future so much but i ca n't force myself to do anything about it . 
  thank you for your kind words , it means a lot to me . 
  i hope i will be able to overcome some of my struggles too one day . 
  i would actually love to start working out but i 'm too scared to do it in public or at a gym . 
  i ca n't stop thinking of the possibility that someone will make fun of me . 
  and i do n't have any privacy at home either . 
  good for you , i wish i had the courage to start working out . 
  ah , i knew the description looked fishy . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  you could spin it the other way too . 
  why are they dating so many whites ? 
  oh god , this is one of my fears - a stranger judging the supplies for my aloha snackbar . 
  i am in a similar situation . 
  my study programme was too difficult for me so i chose an easier one for next year . 
  hopefully that will help me with my current inability to study at all . 
  also seeing a therapist from time to time , it kinda helps . 
  i started buying underwear for myself only a short time ago so unfortunately no . 
  jeez guys , lighten up . 
  this one was actually funny . 
  it 's actually interesting how many downvotes you get because you are stuck under the top comment . 
  this is one of the things that gets decided as an issue or non-issue when the right time comes . 
  some of the questions i might have are inappropriate for the first couple of dates . 
  i finally have someone who actually listens to me and does n't judge me for anything i say . 
  most people in my life would judge me or have negative comments about some aspects of my life ( because with everyone there is an already established relationship ) but the therapist is there actually * only and exclusively * to listen to my rambling . 
  this list always just makes me feel like shit for having a broken mind . 
  i recommend it . 
  especially if your school also provides them for free . 
  i tried chatting with people on the internet but it always failed because i either never had enough in common with them or they felt not so interested . 
  i remember this was a problem for me as well . 
  it 's just that kids at that age push your buttons deliberately and then wonder why you do n't speak to them anymore . 
  i think what your son is doing is a good thing . 
  he does n't let people mess with him . 
  i was like that too and probably still am and guess what , it does n't show anymore because the older you get the more reasonable your peers get too . 
  as someone who knew edm trap first before real trap music , what should i do ? 
  stop enjoying it ? 
  call it differently ? 
  i 'm not trying to take something away from you on purpose . 
  it 's my favorite eminem album . 
  i 'm not saying it 's his best , i just listen to it the most . 
  apple music playlists , youtube channels , musical subreddits , warez sites , blogs , top lists . 
  oh god i still do this , if it is n't on a shelf specifically marked as `` for men '' i wo n't even dare to stand in front of it at the store . 
  / r/2brave4me, 
  there is a reason why i have you tagged in a certain way . 
  some people just never change !, 
  i almost started crying when chris went to hug them during his speech . 
  sure , bro . 
  hey look , this person hates a certain car brand !, 
  that makes you a better person !, 
  he still had no right to dangerously pursue anyone . 
  and then cammer joined them . 
  hah , this sub is so hypocritical . 
  the hypocrisy in this sub is insane . 
  i also enjoy my personal confirmation biases . 
  what ? 
  explain yourself . 
  they never open in itunes for me , i always have to search for it manually . 
  i did n't know hating on honking was the new fad . 
  i thought it was the opposite . 
  damn , i know it 's a beta but seriously , some of the bugs are getting annoying . 
  i still like am the most out of all the streaming services but it gets on my nerves sometimes . 
  when sanders lost some of the previous states there was nothing in here neither . 
  not even in the news subreddits for some time . 
  in my country you would be 10-11 in 4th grade . 
  you have to consider downloading porn if you want this . 
  i came to the conclusion that there is nothing we can do about it . 
  it is who we are and the only way to `` overcome it '' is to fake overcoming it . 
  i think that if you do n't manage to change who you are before you reach your 20s there is nothing you can do anymore . 
  you grew up , your experiences and genes defined your personality and you as a person are complete .
