  duuuude i thought i was the only one . 
  exact same thing . 
  rolling back helped me . 
  what a piece of shit driver . 
  i thought my cpu or ram might be dying . 
  i have an acer aspire laptop , 3 years old but still good for gaming . 
  i would be really sad if something went wrong with it . 
  how about you update the android app , huh jimmy ? 
  ca n't be fucking bothered , can you ? 
  i 'm not going to pay three times more for a phone that will not work as well as my current one . 
  i do n't pay for brand names , i pay for quality product . 
  releasing and abandoning an app is lazy , not smart . 
  the app has bugs , it 's slow and still has the old design . 
  that will not convince anyone , it just shows apple as a company that does n't care . 
  yes , they still make these fun videos . 
  it was good enough . 
  nice !, 
  horror movies . 
  what an attention whore . 
  and you had to be aggressive too , right ? 
  good thing you did n't swear . 
  oh no , it was n't that simple as `` the cammer gets cut off '' , no way . 
  look at how he reacts . 
  i want to see what happened before . 
  yeah , the cammer is n't innocent , here . 
  he must have done something to provoke this reaction . 
  * two crazy guys, 
  there are different levels of aggressive but you still did something that might 've escalated the situation . 
  i mean think about it , would you flip someone off if you were n't driving ? 
  to their face ? 
  that 's the name of the store i think . 
  the thing is i as a consumer choose a streaming service based on its functionality . 
  and unfortunately apple music wins here . 
  i ca n't switch to another service because they do n't offer some vital functionalities . 
  no it fucking is n't . 
  as someone who used linux for the first time recently , it was not user fucking friendly . 
  what generation is that ? 
  i edited that out long time ago . 
  i do . 
  this scene made me hate the movie . 
  was this joke ever funny ? 
  cammer had plently of time to change lanes , still chose to `` prove a point '' ... 
  there is a button to open it anyway . 
  anyone got a mirror ? 
   who-y, 
  your point ? 
  still better than those fucking trees . 
  well the confusion comes from the fact that he 's american . 
  most people understand . 
  they are n't genius , they are n't even needed . 
  dae blm are terrorists ??? 
  you 're not supposed to `` leave a note '' , you 're supposed to call the police . 
  ok but like no, 
  are you fucking shitting me ? 
  oh wait , i plan on buying the game , never mind . 
  what a hero, 
  i wish i lived somewhere where there 's hip hop on the radio . 
  has anyone else reached their goal weight while maintaining their sedentary lifestyle ? 
  i kinda feel alone in this . 
  in all the progress posts there is always some kind of exercise , even if it 's just taking stairs instead of an elevator . 
  that 's actually the reason why i was successful in the first place - i knew i could do it if i did n't have to overcome my fear of exercising in public . 
  well i managed to do it , that 's why i wanted to know if anyone else made it too . 
  i know i do n't have to go to the gym but unfortunately i do n't have any privacy at home so it 's the same as if i exercised in public . 
  that 's why i was so happy when i discovered calorie counting . 
  before that i thought it would be impossible to lose weight without exercise . 
  i agree it is wrong but as a fan i want to hear as much as i can . 
  it 's an obvious joke , calm down . 
  wait , is there some joke about rubio being a communist ? 
  fuck you that was loud, 
  there is a bitcoin miner , do n't download this, 
  nope , i thought it might be the adblocker but the website does n't work in any browser . 
  well it might not be a proof af a bitcoin miner but it 's proof alright, 
  way to be a confrontational asshole, 
  you are right , people just love when they get a chance to be aggressive towards strangers . 
  quick !, 
  let 's make other people 's lives miserable by making an insufferable sound that will make it clear how entitled i am !, 
  i would be happy if uber was here . 
  i do n't think so , just stating the obvious . 
  another pretend cop , nice . 
  it is n't there to vent your aggression . 
  unless you look like [ this ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/clubpenguin/images/a/a9/penguin_player_card_look_1222333.png/revision/latest?cb=20140723221416 ) the answer is no . 
  you 're so badass when you 're angry , 
  babe you 're breaking the rules yourself , 
  the doctor told me that what i am experiencing likely has two causes . 
  the first one is seborrhea , which is a skin condition i have that affects ear wax . 
  the second cause is some sort of an allergic reaction i have - a yearlong hay fever ( do n't remember how she called it ) - which causes a feeling similar to having ears clogged by earwax . 
  i got some ear drops , a nose spray and some tablets . 
  hard to tell if it 's working yet . 
  this almost happened to me at a roundabout that has pedestrian crossings at every exit . 
  ever since i 've been paying way more attention to cars in front of me and then everything else . 
  i do . 
  i think it would be cruel to pass my genes on another human being when there are so many kids already born who need a proper home . 
  is it because you were n't exposed to computers much growing up ? 
  i 'll try to think of some examples :, 
  * a random error message shows up every time you boot up your computer . 
  clicking ok makes it go away and that 's it . 
  it literate person tries to searches for a solution how to make it go away/find out what 's causing it . 
  * computer takes forever to become usable after booting up . 
  it literate person finds the processes causing this and disables/uninstalls them or reinstalls the system, 
  the matrix trilogy full available bonuses from bd/dvd ( size    quality ) .
