  i wish , i do n't think i 'm in good enough shape for that . 
  huh , i may have just figured it out . 
  aparently google does it this way too - i have to rename the album song as `` name ( album version ) '' and then it keeps both songs . 
  it 's great that google lets us edit id3 tags of all albums . 
  it is completely unnecessary . 
  image the reaction of people who saw it for the first time here . 
  oh fuck this shit . 
  this was one of huge advantages over gmaa . 
  i 'm switching , even if it takes manually transfering all my playlists . 
  i have no reason to stay now . 
  what you add from google 's catalog does n't count , only what you upload or match does . 
  so it 's best to only upload the things unavailable . 
  oh fuck off , this joke is repeated so much it 's not funny anymore . 
  you still are . 
  for some there 's really no reason to upgrade . 
  i think that if you just do n't access your bank account from a computer with xp you 're gon na be fine . 
   or your email ( which can be used to reset your bank password ), 
  if your bank allows that i recommend to switch, 
   or sign into chrome ( which remembers all your passwords ), 
  most people do n't use this, 
   there 's more than just one thing people are interested in hacking . 
  that 's true , but not everyone is going to be fucked over if someone gets into their email account or cancels their aol subscription . 
  not everybody has their life tied up to their computer . 
  i 'm getting downvoted because people fail to follow reddiquette . 
  i understand what you 're saying but i think you 're being paranoid . 
  at least he went there and tried . 
  i know i would n't . 
  is she reading what she says from the papers in her hands ? 
  did i hear karl pilkington at 0:37 ? 
  i just switched to gmaa . 
  not only it has comparable catalogue , but since you can upload whatever you want , it 's basically limitless . 
  i went through my old backups of music and found so many gems i forgot because they were n't on spotify . 
  now i have it all in one place . 
  i will keep my spotify account , but not the subscription . 
  the changes are just too drastic . 
  interesting . 
  it 's available in my language but i still chose to read it in english since my brain is currently in the `` english mode '' anyway . 
  thanks reddit . 
  * lana del rey -- born to die, 
  * lady gaga - the fame monster, 
  if you 're willing to go non-english , here 's a bonus list :, 
  * scooter - the stadium techno experience, 
  but still these are not my top5 lists , i never gave this much thought because i have so much music i listen to , it would be impossible to pick true top5 . 
  i 'm pretty sure he has k&m also ... 
  me too , i just ca n't understand how it 's so different . 
  this is true . 
  as a gay guy i get disappointed a lot because of this . 
  women are sexualized all the time , but men ? 
  rarely . 
  he 's not the one who did something wrong , the people downvoting him are . 
  that 's low . 
  scrobble is done though an extension for the browser you use , they do n't have official support . 
  but it works this way . 
  wow , take notes spotify !, 
  you 're supposed to add functions users want , not take them away . 
  yes it is . 
  i scrobble every day !, 
  it took me a long time but i actually got goportify going today . 
  here 's how you do it if you 're a windows user :, 
  * first you download [ this ] ( http://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/#button ) and use [ this ] ( http://releases.ubuntu.com/14.04/ubuntu-14.04.1-desktop-i386.iso ) file . 
  this makes you a bootable usb flash drive with ubuntu . 
  * after you boot it up ( easy , google if needed ) , you want to open the terminal using ctrl+alt+t and use these instructions :, 
  * that should open up a new browser window with goportify ready for you . 
  i 've never done this before and i was fine , you should be too . 
  it 's not perfect but it 's something . 
  yeah , as far as i know , no streaming service lets you create album collections . 
  weird . 
  so as always everything non-living looks great . 
  it really depends on what you 're hypocritical about . 
  he should n't get a pass just because he 's been an asshole for a long time . 
  that would actually be better . 
  yes i noticed this . 
  sometimes it 's random tags gone wrong even when on desktop browser it 's perfect . 
  sometimes it 's missing or wrong album art . 
  the android one does . 
  are you sure you 're using the official last.fm app ? 
  it seems strange that ios version does n't scrobble this . 
  it scrobbles almost any app for me . 
  i probably have the same issue too . 
  it happens mostly when i 'm at home where the internet is significantly slower than at my dorm . 
  i experience this bug you 're describing and it seems like google music is very sensitive to your internet speed . 
  where using spotify you ca n't tell a difference , gm is always lagging on slow internet . 
  plus the android app seems to take the same time to load a song offline as it does online . 
  it 's insane . 
  the app is way snappier then spotify 's , but the songs still take longer to load , even offline . 
  this is great !, 
  you made me install classicshell after all . 
  what do you mean ? 
  winter is my favourite part of the year !, 
  i look forward to another one . 
  how are you getting the recommendations ? 
  through radio or the explore tab ? 
  it probably depends on how much music you listen to . 
  i just imported my spotify library almost entirely and it recognized my favorite artists almost instantly on the explore page . 
  i 'm not sure about this , but i think the radios do n't reflect your taste that much . 
  even the `` i 'm feeling lucky radio '' seems to just randomly pick a station you listened to before instead of making a new one . 
  the only way to influence the radios is to vote on songs , i do n't think they change with your listening history or library . 
  you want to get downvoted by people failing to follow reddiquette ? 
  because that 's all you 're gon na get , especially in this subreddit . 
  i do this and i never understood how people put their wallet in the back pocket .
