  i simply ate less . 
  no exercise . 
  my motivation was that i did n't want to be uglier than necessary . 
  is there only one version ? 
  the one i have is quiet and not the best quality . 
  ah , now you 've revealed yourself . 
  good post , you cunt of a road rager . 
  and his expectations were met . 
  you ... did . 
  so smart of you . 
  we could say the same about you . 
  defending road ragers ? 
  probably are one yourself . 
  it 's what most of the people here are thinking . 
  they are downvoting their own thoughts . 
  yep . 
  the only danger is the biker . 
  downvote for a childish homophobic insult . 
  you 're an idiot , he did n't say that . 
  of course . 
  nice . 
   with my recent experience of rush hour traffic , it 's refreshing to see two strangers breaking the law . 
  ftfy, 
  of course the cammer was at fault . 
  i do n't . 
  yeah , it 's fine he also could 've killed someone , but justice !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  lol , she 's the perfect reflection of this sub . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  revenge is more important than his dog 's health . 
  the victim is the dog he left there without supervision . 
  you indeed are . 
  let me guess - it 's the car brand 's fault . 
  love this song . 
  always calms me down . 
  i 'm in a very similar situation . 
  it does n't get better . 
  some people just learn to ignore the problems i guess ? 
  i 'll just keep going until i drop dead . 
  these horror stories make me glad separated bathroom and toilet room are a thing in my country . 
  oh my god i read the books so long ago i completely forgot they knew him before the games ' story . 
  you 're not required to react to everything you see on the internet . 
  that 's lack of empathy . 
  / r/fatpeoplehate was based on it . 
  i still kinda cheer for jamie . 
  i do n't cheer for him but he 's cute so i want him to stay on the show . 
  i browse top links from past month , deal with it . 
  i still contributed more than you ever did . 
  well it 's been a long time since i played the base game too . 
  makes two of us . 
  what is this cun trag you speak of ? 
  are n't we all ? 
  i should have specified i was talking about going out to eat i guess . 
  i thought it was obvious when i mentioned fast food places . 
  it was actually very obvious . 
  yeah i finished it couple days ago . 
  they reunited there but i thought it was because of what happened in the base game . 
  do n't know why i 'm being downvoted , someone is n't a fan of discussion i guess . 
  he was n't ? 
  i must have mistaken him for the shape-shifting guy . 
  makes two of us . 
  damn , the same happened to me !, 
  i remember being measured by my pediatrician and being 6 ' 1 but 5 months ago when i started losing weight i was barely 6 ' 0 . 
  i hope my height goes back to the original value when i 'm done losing weight . 
  yep , it 's the car brand 's fault . 
  i have not . 
  i will keep buying their phones until they stop making them . 
  why ? 
  they are the only company that still makes the kind of phone i want . 
  my favorite house almost gone . 
  infuriating . 
  i did n't even enjoy sparrow dying because of it . 
  and tommen , goddammit . 
  the only twink left on the show jumps out of the window ? 
  why ?? 
  i 'm not worried about the buying part . 
  i 'm worried about the stand in the women 's aisle half an hour not knowing what the fuck i am looking at . 
  it 's ok , i 'll just stalk the actor on instagram . 
  luckily he 's 19 . 
  wait , so am i supposed to use the lbs flair ? 
  the kg flairs are kinda ridiculous . 
  what the fuck . 
  they actually stomped on cars and cops did n't do anything . 
  these people are disgusting . 
  he caused the damage on people 's cars . 
  people were literally stomping on cars parked on the streets . 
  fuck them . 
  sucks the fans damaged cars parked on the street . 
  yep . 
  i did n't even know who he was just about a year ago ( eastern european millennial ) . 
  no adblock and autoplay turned on ? 
  now that 's infuriating . 
  the cammer is an idiotic asshole but otherwise nice video . 
  2 1/2 kgs ? 
  who weights themselves in half kilos ? 
  i understand it 's because lbs are the default and it 's converted from them but why make it so difficult ? 
  why ca n't i just write the number myself ? 
  i lost 21kgs but i have no flair for it . 
  would n't it be simpler to let us write our own numbers ? 
  i could think of some things . 
  no , that would be / r/publicfreakout,
