  i like how it 's different from religions i know . 
  i 'm ashamed to say this , but i did n't think of that . 
  probably will do . 
  the fast and the furious : tokio drift, 
  mini babybel . 
  i do n't care how expensive it is . 
  this is the most delicious cheese i have ever eaten . 
  i bought stronghold 2 when it was released . 
  it cost me about 60 # & @ { } \u0141\u0142 <  * $ $ $ $ $ $ fuck i will never remember the right shortcut !, 
  first i had to google what a pax is and then what a vaporizer is . 
  and now i realized this is / r/trees . 
  better run . 
  anything but the japanese flag . 
  it would look like you sat on it while bleeding out of your anus . 
  crank 2 . 
  this is simply the best pump up movie i 've ever seen . 
  according to astronomy , when you wish upon a star , you 're actually a few million years late . 
  that star is dead . 
  just like your dreams . 
  i used to keep the music i liked to myself because i lived in a small town where it i would be ridiculed for listening to anything other than rock/metal music . 
  i have been living in a city for the past 4 years and nobody gives a fuck about my music taste . 
  i even started exploring other genres that i ignored before . 
  when they started sharing more information with me - like their financial situation , job , relationship problems , etc. 
  probably when i was in 8 . or 9 . grade ( we have 9 of them , i was 15yo back then ) . 
  i liked it but thought i would never be able to learn it because it seemed like such a difficult language . 
  the truth is , it is impossible not to learn it if you like watching films , listening to music or playing videogames . 
  school gave me the basics but most of it i learned by myself . 
  now i can speak english , german ( started refreshing it after 4 years of ignoring ) . 
  next stop - japanese . 
  jurassic park . 
  this is an essential movie for everyone . 
  i do n't laugh when i watch comedies/standups/funny videos alone . 
  i still find it funny but have no need to express it . 
  90 % of my laughter is forced when i 'm around people . 
  i do n't even know why i do it . 
  the witcher . 
  especially the short stories . 
  if it was translated to your language you should definitely read it . 
  this stays my favourite adult fantasy world even after a song of ice and fire saga . 
  there are so many different subreddits dedicated to the most random shit , but it 's almost impossible to actually have a real conversation with anyone . 
  but thats probably just me expecting reddit to be something it is n't . 
  too bad they found out how those magicians make people disappear . 
  right , we know about those magical jelly ranchers , you ca n't fool us . 
  polish . 
  not much translated to english i fear . 
  i used to use hacks/cheats in samp years ago . 
  it always made me angry when they banned me . 
  how can someone drink this mud ? 
  well wiki says it was translated to russian , so i guess you can read it . 
  so you do n't watch the same video again ? 
  i subscribe to a lot of channels and i like to see which videos i 've already seen or not . 
  i use it only for youtube . 
  wierd i know . 
  my main browser is firefox . 
  yes i know about it but no other addons every worked for me . 
  although i did notice today that youtube in firefox marks watched videos , even those i saw with opera . 
  maybe they repaired it ? 
  ( after all these years ... ), 
  bald move . 
  that 's a rabbit 's mouth . 
  oh please , this is bullshit . 
  i have lots of white socks , there 's nothing unusual about them . 
  i still consider buying ps2 . 
  my last console was ps1 and i miss it so much . 
  just the amount of games that are available for ps2 is astonishing . 
  this is confusing . 
  i thought they invented colors before 1975 . 
  i 'm sure those are nice places , but i 've never been there . 
  that 's awesome because i still have mine . 
  do all versions of ps2 support it ? 
  godzilla ( 1998 version ) . 
  i loved it as a kid and watched it everytime it was on tv . 
  it still is one of my favourite movies , even though i can see why other people dislike it . 
  the memories from my childhood make it impossible for me to not love it . 
  i am supposed to study for finals and i just watched some videos on ted about inefficiency of today 's school system . 
  then i discovered the khan academy and am sad about that i ca n't use it right now , because i have to study the bullshit stuff of my own . 
  i discovered duolingo , but since i already have to prepare for one language exam , i ca n't start learning another . 
  i want to learn typing with all ten fingers but there 's no time for that . 
  i want to read some new books . 
  i want to do anything but study for the fucking finals . 
  it 's supposed to be over in two weeks but i hate every minute of the time i have to give to studying . 
  [ cards against humanity ] ( http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com/ ) is an awesome card game . 
  you can download the basic pack and print it yourself . 
  seems fun . 
  ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ people ^ ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ friends . 
  [ any.do ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.anydo ) is a reminder app . 
  and it successfuly reminds , i can tell . 
  but you should know , that there is one really annoying thing about this app . 
  you ca n't postpone the reminder for a custom time . 
  it only lets you pick one of the default options . 
  maybe i just got used to this app so much that i do n't even bother searching for an alternative . 
  you know what , ignore this app . 
  just got new windows and i ca n't hear the rain , even with my head close to the window . 
  yesterday i just casually opened one window at 1am and the sound of the rain startled me . 
  my head also contains bones , mostly skull . 
  wow , i was walking down the street once too !, 
  i never go shopping without my own bag , so not a problem . 
  everyone here seems to think that the person who owns the truck is a misogynist , but i do n't think that has to be the case . 
  when i first saw the picture i thought it was hilarious , because having a picture of a person tied up in the back of your truck is great , the reactions would be priceless . 
  it would be the same if there was a man in the picture .
