  horn is supposed to be used to avoid immediate danger - when someone starts merging in your lane , starts backing up in your car , etc. 
  when the only danger is you have to drive slowly the horn is not justified . 
  you know what 's also a symptom of greater driving issues ? 
  road raging at others . 
  if someone makes you mad because they drive slowly you should n't be driving . 
  yep , totally . 
  except it still does n't validate others road raging at them . 
  what conditions ? 
  someone doing dangerous shit on a highway ? 
  better hold my camera while driving . 
  now there 's two of us . 
  i doubt that 's the correct response . 
  and now you are the captain buzzkill . 
  he 's great . 
  cammer without anger issues ? 
  sweet !, 
  to be fair , the taxi driver is in there too and if they do n't mind him hearing it ... 
  60 fps cameras are so cool . 
  does anybody happen to know any good cammers who use them ? 
  you think wrong . 
  when i commented , the video was not tagged and his comment was the second most upvoted - in it he says it is a parody . 
  op called the mod ` captain buzzkill ' because he tagged the post as parody . 
  i called op ` captain buzzkill ' because when the tag disappeared his comment was the second most upvoted and he was the one spoiling the fun with his comment . 
  he is , by saying it is a parody when it was n't tagged as one anymore . 
   if not , why not ? 
  why are you interrogating him ? 
  his comments stayed even after the tag was gone . 
  that 's why he was the buzzkill . 
  the same thing you do . 
  there might 've been if op was n't the one saying it was a parody . 
  yeah . 
  you want to force people to report crime ? 
  i bet / r/short would love this video . 
  honking is a way of saying `` hey , mister holier-than-thou here does n't like you for a stupid reason '' . 
  eh , you guys are always first to appear so why would they bother . 
  can you elaborate on why you feel offended by op not preferring google ? 
  i have n't been paying for or using spotify for almost half a year and the discover weekly playlist is still good . 
  i guess they use your playlists and saved music as well . 
  awesome . 
  i might 've moved to apple music but i still think spotify has superior playlists for music discovery . 
  this band is great , i 'm listening to their latest album and i really like it so far . 
  awesome , i love it !, 
  yeah i 've never heard of that either . 
  register and vaccinate , yes . 
  cut any part of their body ? 
  never . 
  we have the same xenophobia in czech republic . 
  it 's horrifying . 
  couple of days ago tens of refugees suffocated to death in a truck and people wish there was more of them . 
  eh , i do n't mind eating them but do n't you dare to put them in anything else . 
  sometimes it feels like i 'm the only person who is n't xenophobic . 
  every time someone makes a racist/xenophobic remark , everybody just nods or says something similar . 
  i do n't know how to find people who are n't like that ... 
  looks like the toy car in the front was towing his car . 
  maybe his grandson borrowed one from a mall . 
  what i like about these videos from russia is how everyone tries to help . 
  it 's all about that bass . 
  there 's only running red or not . 
  nothing in between . 
  yeah , sometimes i hope others lose any human decency too . 
  wherever those huge flying fucks live , i am not going to live there . 
  for those who ca n't access it , either try [ this link ] ( http://www.unblockyoutube.co.uk/permalink.php?url=d5d4zsg3n1yrwoe1cfu%2fggpomvqlaokvgjhjyuwke08tqkyqvlg%2bra5zynxik22zk3wuzqjewiamx1rsoz66xa%3d%3d ) or [ this one ] ( http://www.ssyoutube.com/watch?v=lv7bseohd14 ) and click on the thumbnail . 
  yep . 
  and the driver is just sitting there blocking the other cars . 
  i just want to point out that gypsy \u2260 fraud . 
  i still remember the guy from 2 fast 2 furious getting wrecked under the truck 's wheels , when i saw that as a kid i was traumatized . 
  she looks like a water hag from the witcher game . 
  you can clearly see at 0:07 it was red . 
  exactly . 
  it was the reason why i originally moved from spotify to google music , because it let me upload missing music . 
  but what is that for when i do n't know what is missing ? 
  apple music does both so i am kinda forced to move there since it 's the only streaming service that shows unavailable music and let 's me upload my own . 
  i recently found out it does n't tell you when something becomes unavailable so from time to time music just disappears from you playlists and library . 
  this made me move to apple music . 
  exactly . 
  if i could upload missing music i would be back to spotify in no time . 
  you might have not noticed that but google music does not warn you when music is removed . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're annoyed by hair ? 
  yeah , it 's [ just a stereotype . 
  ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/07/21/us/cincinnati-police-shooting/ ), 
  why is there always some idiot cheering when people get away from police ? 
  god i wish they do n't make it in time when he needs their help . 
  i actually have an android and only use apple music on my pc . 
  for now google music stays on my phone but i 'm in a process of moving anyway . 
  the desktop version may seem heavy but i love the aesthetics , recommendations are good but still nowhere near spotify 's large catalogue of great playlists . 
  radio function actually functions , which is awesome . 
  beats is a nice plus , but nothing special , it mostly plays hip hop . 
  making and managing playlists is easy since there are lots of options , highly customizable . 
  the only downside is that in order to add music to a playlist it must be added to your music library , meaning that it becomes a little bit less intuitive to browse the library but luckily there are tons of filtering and sorting options so i became used to that . 
  one more thing - it may depend on the kind of music you listen to , but i think generally am catalogue is slightly bigger than other services ' ( plus you can also upload you music and edit the tags easily ) . 
  of course this is only valid for the desktop version , i am eagerly awaiting the android app . 
  that 's what i 've been doing , i 'm hearting everything outside of that genre but still no luck . 
  i guess i have to be patient . 
  that 's the only reason why i have to keep renewing my google music subscription . 
  i want to move already !, 
  spotify and apple music show unavailable music and it is greyed out . 
  thanks to that i know what was deleted and it is n't lost forever . 
  nah , it 's red . 
  really ?
