  it was n't a realization , but i just somehow `` evolved '' without noticing . 
  if i remember my former sexual fantasies correctly , it probably went straight -  bisexual -  gay . 
  the `` gay stage '' started when i was probably 15/16 years old ( first male crush ) . 
  even though i identify myself as gay , the thought of having sex with a girl is n't unthinkable/disgusting for me . 
  there 's 20k song limit . 
  no size limit . 
  you ca n't actually . 
  you can sync your local files from your pc to your phone , but they ca n't change location and you ca n't delete them on your pc . 
  this is exactly what happened with my paperwhite . 
  dead pixel and dark spot on the display . 
  the replacement had the exact same issue . 
  i hoped they learned from it but it seems like they just do n't care . 
  makes me rethink if voyage is worth buying . 
  you can say that about anything , any ideology . 
  people hate her ? 
  from every point of view she 's the most neutral person i can think of . 
  some of us actually like the scripted action and corridor missions . 
  anything spicy . 
  it just completely destroys the taste . 
  and anything alcoholic . 
  wow , that is not normal . 
  i always thought that by the time i become an adult i will know what i want to do with my life , all my insecurities will disappear and i finally will be treated as an equal person . 
  the last is true , but being treated as an adult has a completely different meaning than i thought . 
  as long as we are governed by people it will never work , no matter what ideology . 
  what we need ( and i 'm not joking ) is either an alien race ruling earth or an ai created by them . 
  i had this really cool playphone , it looked so real . 
  one day a bird poop landed on it and i ran to the sink and washed it . 
  who would have thought that i will aspire to be an electrical engineer . 
  i am a student , so i would say fellow students who actually take studying as a number one priority . 
  i was considering this , but it seems a bit risky . 
  from wiki : `` in may 2013 , dodson announced through facebook that he has become a hebrew israelite , is `` no longer into homosexuality '' and that he wants `` a wife and family '' . 
  dodson and his wife announced her pregnancy in september 2013 . '', 
  he does n't want to be gay and pretends he is n't ( maybe he even believes that ) and you know what ? 
  good for him . 
  important thing is he 's happy this way . 
  [ here ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/multi-track-drifting ) you can read more about it . 
  it 's greatly overrated , but still a great show . 
  arsenal is such a silly word . 
  that 's very brave of you to come out at that age . 
  and it 's great to hear that your friends are supportive , i wish you the best !, 
  i do n't consider myself attractive and i often find myself liking people who are not generaly considered attractive but to me they are super hot , so this seems right . 
  everybody always says that , but how am i supposed to belive that when i know that i myself do that ( judge others all the time ) . 
  i always think that if i notice every single stupid thing about others they must do it too and it makes me self conscious . 
  do it like i do it - if it 's not necessary , do n't do it and explain why do do n't like handshakes . 
  some people just do n't like commitments and phone credit is the easiest way to go . 
  no , you 're paying only for listening to music within the spotify app . 
  if you want mp3s you need to buy them . 
  well you 're safe now you lucky gilded bastard . 
  great . 
  dad, 
  ca n't get enough . 
  i wish my country was more like this , here it 's still so popular . 
  when in a 10.5 million country 2.3 smokes it just fucking sucks . 
  i ca n't even go to school without smelling a cigarette smoke every day . 
  i like to imagine that if a plane was going down people would n't panic , just boo the pilot . 
  i do n't like this . 
  it could 've been available at least for some and now nobody has it . 
  is this really that rare ? 
  are we all expected to have sex at some point in our life ? 
  i 'm 19 and i do n't expect to ever get laid if i continue to avoid people like i do now . 
  and i 'm not avoiding sex , i just find human interactions awkward . 
  try reinstalling the client . 
  yeah , this and the ` hands holding over the wall ' one . 
  i have yet to see a discussion outside of / r/atheism where most people are not defending religion . 
  i know it happends but it just makes me feel i 'm missing something . 
  he wore a sexist t-shirt and some feminists called him out on it . 
  he cried afterwards so that makes it ok . 
  maybe it wants to broaden you musical taste . 
  well if you did n't listen to it before then it is . 
  you know what they say , do n't knock it till you try it !, 
  tomorrow i 'm getting the new witcher book ` season of storms ' and i am so exited to read it like i have n't been the last half a year for any book . 
  for some reason his character is stuck in my mind since the last book ( or game if you want ) and the whole world the story takes place in is so interesting !, 
  so basically at the end of the week i 'm getting a new laptop , da : inquisition and the most anticipated book . 
  it 'll be a rough week . 
  i was halfway through and accidentally read a review containing a spoiler so i was like fuck it and put it back on the shelf . 
  but it was a fantastic read anyway . 
  wwz was a bad adaptation , but still a solid movie if you did n't read the book . 
  i kinda liked the book and liked the movie anyway . 
  i was n't really a fan but then i saw [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqjtl8zmy2s ) video and it got me hooked . 
  got ta love me some queen b !, 
  and nicki of course , she looks perfect . 
  yes we do . 
  i was raised in a non-religious household where we understand christmas as any other holidays - family is together and we have a great time . 
  i bet you would n't tell any difference . 
  we also sing christmas carols , but they have no religious meaning to us , just nice songs to enjoy while it 's all covered in white outside and we 're having a good time . 
  oh god , i love christmas so much . 
  i think i saw the theatrical cut . 
  and when i think about it , i might 've remembered it wrong . 
  the first half when they still had money for the cgi was kinda good , the second half sucked . 
  i actually feel better letting the anger out then holding it inside me . 
  i 'm sure one artist ca n't be such a loss to spotify that they would increase the number of ads . 
  i have seen this complatin before and i think it probably some unintentional error . 
  still , forgiveness should not be considered the automatic reaction and the only right one . 
  we have carpets in our living room , my room and parents ' bedroom and we never had any serious problem . 
  we do n't have any indoor pets and never wear shoes in the house , only slippers . 
  this is pretty much the norm in my country ( czech republic ) . 
  yeah , fuck what it 's made of , let 's eat all the junk !, 
  copyright issues in your country or the record label pulling the song for some reason . 
  this happens all the time . 
  maybe if you wait it will be back in some time .
