  hype . 
  it 's the only non-boring song on the album . 
  seriously , it is the disappointment of the year so far . 
  that 's ... actually one of the things that got me interested in the genre . 
  lil jon is probably the main reason why i listen to rap music today . 
  that 's how i listen to all music . 
  * how it sounds * is what matters to me the most , lyrics are just a nice bonus . 
  it 's a huge artist that disappointed a lot of people . 
  i think it 's expected . 
  rotting christ - rituals . 
  i 've been getting really into metal lately and this record is just amazing . 
  right , her weight is so important here . 
  especially to redditors who mourn a certain subreddit . 
  i am , that 's why i 'm currently losing weight . 
  35lbs since december . 
  thanks , i 'll look into it . 
  i also really like power metal , so bands like sabaton or powerwolf are my favorites too . 
  it 's ok , i 'm gay so i 'm used to butthurt . 
  well , that really depends on your taste . 
  what sounds good to me does n't have to sound good to you . 
  for fucks sake , posts like this will make me self-conscious about my dick too if i keep seeing them every day . 
  i 'll try to explain this to my mom , 
   standing on both sides of an escalator . 
  this is of course true only if there is only an escalator . 
  if there are stairs next to it and you 're in a hurry , use them . 
  i learned that what works is to stop before they 're too close and just let them deal with it . 
  no , i will not step off the sidewalk for your convenience . 
  that 's why i never go to events like this . 
  i change my mind so often it 's not worth the stress . 
  some of us just ca n't be anywhere on time . 
  i can either be early or late , never on time . 
  i choose wisely - i get early to stuff like doctor appointment or classes at school , but if i 'm going out with friends i 'm probably going to be late most of the time . 
  i just ca n't guess the right amount of time to get there . 
  i tried sitting in my chair ready to go , but even then i ca n't guess the right time . 
   saying negative things about people 's pets or children , advice or otherwise , and expecting to maintain a relationship . 
   smoking a cigarette in public, 
  ftfy . 
  they can keep their drug habits private . 
  i absolutely hate when people do this when i have my over-the-ear headphones on !, 
  instead of getting my attention so i can put them off , they immediately start talking and do n't care that i ca n't hear them ( even if the music was off ) . 
   playing loud music off their phone in public . 
  i especially hate this because those people usually give a bad name to a certain genre of music . 
  it probably depends on culture . 
  for example in my country it 's unthinkable to ask about a person 's political preferences , even if you know them well . 
   not saying `` thank you '' to someone who holds a door for you, 
  it 's probably this . 
  most people do n't like when they 're forced to semi-run to the door you 're holding for them . 
  i completely agree . 
  this is also very similar to how i feel about music . 
  some people think that lyrics are the most important thing , but i think it has to sound good too if it 's supposed to be listenable . 
   i ca n't read a comic with bad art no matter how good the story is . 
  after all , it 's the point of a comic book , right ? 
  if i cared only about the story i would read a book . 
  in my case it 's because my pc became my ultimate work and entertainment station and there is no need for a tv . 
  keeping up with the kardashians . 
  i like to slowly eat my lunch and watch this . 
  i learned to like those people . 
  is it ? 
  i basically binge-watched everything over the last couple of months and i ca n't see the difference clearly . 
  yes , game of thrones !, 
  that is probably the only scripted tv show i would watch indefinitely . 
   we all got a good laugh out of it . 
  now i have a hilarious image in my head of you laughing in sign language , 
  well , from what i hear caitlyn now is still conservative and pretty much disliked within the transgender community so i think this did n't change . 
  i agree bruce seemed like the last person to be trans , he was always so uptight about drugs and everything . 
  haha , the downvotes just confirm it . 
  this sub is insane . 
  yeah , that 's gon na be so great . 
  it will be so much work downvoting every thread with this stupid show . 
  i like alex bertie and troye sivan . 
  and apparently tyler oakley , when he 's shirtless with no glasses on he is kinda hot . 
  i ca n't think of any unattractive ones , i do n't follow that many . 
  i deal with that by not disclosing the fact about myself until i trust the person . 
  thanks , i really hope this is the reason . 
  ca n't wait to reach my gw . 
  yeah , me too . 
  especially when i 'm ` hungry ' i drink a lot . 
  i hope so . 
  it is true that i tried to not look at myself in the mirror when i was at my heaviest . 
  and i had lots of unkept facial hair that kinda hid it ( at least in my mind it did ) . 
  i really hope the new itunes version does n't `` simplify '' the experience in any way . 
  that usually means taking away features . 
   itunes changing up all my album artworks , messing with some songs ( explicit/censored ), 
  this is a very rare occurence, 
   not being able to save songs offline unless i had icloud on, 
  i do n't know what the problem is here , you 're downloading the songs from icloud, 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  it does n't actually change the album art but it matches the song with another one in their database which has a different album art . 
   that seems like so much work , i could never do that !, 
  this argument is especially funny to me because the reason why i decided to lose weight by counting calories was that it was the easiest option . 
  no need to change your eating habits , you just have to eat less and count it . 
  thank you for pointing out such an important piece of information . 
  fat people are pure evil . 
  you would n't know ... 
  * slow clap *, 
  and they completely ignore their scared child . 
  what a piece of shit the cammer is . 
  usually the idiots on this sub try to explain their downvotes but they know they have nothing on you , 
  people like this make me gag . 
  unfortunately , no .
