  i just do n't think they 're shallow like you do . 
  it seems to me that you dislike them because it 's popular to do so . 
  i think you 're overreacting . 
  you 're probably american , you guys seems to take it as normal to work while studying . 
  this is not necessary here in czech republic , parents paying for your education is very normal here . 
  it 's not a huge financial burden and early independency is not something everybody is trying to achieve as soon as possible . 
  how is that shallow ? 
  i do n't understand why you 're so determined to undermine her personality . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  if i did that when i was their age i 'd get a quick spanking and a stern talking to . 
  i know it 's not a proper way to raise a child but it made me sit in my corner quiet and motionless . 
  there 's not only one solution for the problem , that was my point . 
  that actually sounds bad even for 80 's . 
  yeah i know none of these brands . 
  the measure units can be guessed though . 
  i wear those at home with socks on . 
  it 's cold dude . 
  never in public . 
  that 's my dad 's job . 
  nooo i wanted to go hiking , do n't kill me !, 
  whenever i see a deleted post , i image op getting nasty pms , death threats , etc. 
  which led them to it . 
  it 's just so sad . 
  ea games are typically overpriced . 
  the new da dlc is way too expensive . 
  and this ? 
  base game in a sale for 40 dollars ? 
  and it 's incomplete , there are ( and will be ) dlcs that cost what the base game should 've at launch . 
  this is great , finally a funny circlejerk sub . 
  this works but it adds all my offline songs . 
  i want to create a playlists with specific songs , not all of them . 
  because fuck you , customer , we know better than your . 
  yeah , if any new streaming service does n't let me upload my own music , i 'm staying with google . 
  why is she clapping ? 
  whyyyyyy ? 
  this is art guys . 
  it 's not that important , but the first da game has the best story imo . 
  i 'm getting really fed up about google music . 
  i am experiencing several bugs . 
  first - i ca n't create playlists when i 'm offline . 
  if i go to a pinned playlists and try to choose any song and put it in any other playlist , it says that 0 tracks were added . 
  another issue ( and it seems related ) i can not queue any song !, 
  it just does n't do anything !, 
  everything works fine online . 
  what do i do ? 
  just use 64 bit ubuntu in virtualbox , open terminal and put there these two commands :, 
  you 're doing the exact opposite for no reason . 
  wow . 
  judgemental much ? 
  i use public transportation twice a week ( train ) , i have nothing against it . 
  it seems you 're one of those who think the only way to live is to drive yourself to the limit . 
  no , you 're not a better person than me just because you had/have it harder . 
  get over yourself . 
  most homophobic fathers . 
  it happens to me but only in the menu . 
  as i enter it , the fans get incredibly loud , but never during gameplay . 
  it is a known bug , if you google it it 's all over ubisoft 's forums ( since nov 2014 ) . 
  [ a journey to the beginning of time ( 1955 ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047930/ ) . 
  it 's a czech movie , but there is an american recut version too . 
  just look at [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwpapohxrr0 ) and tell me you did n't fall in love with the movie immediately . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykvknmi7qew ) 's a trailer . 
  if you have n't played the game before , why would n't you start with singleplayer ? 
  is n't the best part about gta ( and always has been ) exploring the world , finding new stuff and figuring things out ? 
   if you have n't played the game before, 
  not assuming anything . 
  if you want you first gtav experience be online , i just find that weird , that 's all . 
  gta was always about singleplayer , official mp is a recent trend . 
  this is very good news , i prefer m&k but this will definitely make me try the gamepad as well . 
  i like the us method , too many drunks in our streets . 
  i feel so sorry for you guys , i found out recently that there are countries where data caps are still a thing . 
  hopefully that will change soon . 
  you would need to decrypt to install , not happening . 
  that 's what baffles me the most . 
  here in czech republic data caps are extremely rare . 
  on the other hand , mobile internet is slow , expensive and data very limited . 
  as i understand it , you download it unencrypted , install and part of the installed game is encrypted . 
  lte is a lie here . 
  the operators blew the money for building the infrastructure . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm gon na do . 
  i just love being back in the gta world . 
  i always used keyboard and mouse both and it was perfectly controllable . 
  why not buy it on consoles though ? 
  k&m only . 
  just like any other gta game before . 
  there 's no need for a controller . 
  i tried it on ps4 but i hate the nonexistent anti-aliasing . 
  i 've done the same . 
  my brother plays it almost daily on his ps4 but i 've resisted the temptation and made him wear headphones for the story . 
  the only thing that bothers me about the game from what i 've seen are the nonexistent anti-aliasing and vehicle damage . 
  true . 
  the 60fps is important . 
  i meant in the game . 
  i saw some screens and they seems to be all cut ... 
  i hate that . 
  autumn rythm . 
  hard to understand . 
  there will be a way to do it . 
  even flatout uc supports it by default . 
  fuck , if i knew it , i would 've got the boxed copy for the same price ... 
  yeah , it 's been mentioned multiple times in this subreddit end every time i first wonder what does music have to do with the topic .
