  i 'm just not interested in them when they 're attached to women . 
  this is exactly how i feel too . 
  this is actually pretty cool . 
  no , the only thing they will charge you is the price of the subscription if you do n't cancel before the trial runs out . 
  itt : let me freak out over a sensitive husband . 
  it 's funny how you dismiss his opinion just because you disagree . 
  look at the top commets , those are way worse . 
  yep , and there still are people who claim it 's the refugees ' fault . 
  ah , so we finally know the one and only advantage of a manual . 
  great !, 
  you must enjoy parties . 
  i live in the czech republic . 
  both of those services have pink floyd . 
  i think that if we have it you should have it as well . 
  which device do you use ? 
  god i cringed just remembering that . 
  oh god , i hope this is not a problem with your account . 
  i had a problem and they made me download my entire library , reset my account and then upload it all back . 
  exactly . 
  and the audio is muted , how convenient . 
  i do n't even have asthma but it would be wonderful if i could go to school without inhaling smoke at least twice a day . 
  his comments is no different from the others . 
  huh , this reminds me of a recent / r/askwomen thread . 
  age . 
  i disagree with that definition . 
  it implies that in order to be a `` real man '' you have to have certain abilities and ways of thinking , otherwise you 're just a boy . 
  this whole thing smells of `` manliness '' . 
  ** you 're so intense . 
  this `` better than you '' attitude is exactly what i was talking about . 
  no , just because someone is n't a `` true adult '' does n't make them boys . 
  for fuck 's sake this is so cringey . 
  as you said , this stereotyping is a neverending cycle . 
  the older you get , the higher the bar of becoming `` an adult '' gets . 
  in your 20s , teenagers are boys . 
  on your 30s , people in their 20s are boys , etc. 
   even if you do n't know what any of the words mean , you can sound out a spanish sentence . 
  the same goes for german . 
  i used to know it well but after years of not practicing at all i just forgot . 
  i still can read german though , i just do n't understand most of it . 
  this one is bullshit . 
  oh look , fatpeoplehater 's from voat are back . 
  yeah but you need motivation to get disciplined . 
  when even a task like `` brush your teeth at least once day '' makes you frustrated , nothing can help you . 
  no , because being blunt with fat people will not magically make them realize what they 're doing . 
  they already know it . 
  this just makes most of them feel even worse about themselves . 
  it rarely works . 
  btw thanks for downvoting me , seems you 're confident about yourself . 
  you 're just lying , there are probably more people who killed themselves because of this bluntness then those who actually improved . 
  go back to voat . 
  and yet people think being blunt with fat people will achieve anything ... 
  it 's in an instant form , you just have to pour hot water over it . 
  you know , this makes it painfully obvious you 're just spreading an agenda . 
  a person who legitimately lost weight would n't act like an asshole to other people . 
  i would n't be surprised if you were a part of the / r/tumblrinaction `` community '' or something similar . 
  you reek of crying over `` pc culture '' . 
   to eat healthy without being able to cook , i think i would buy precooked lean meat , like lunchmeat . 
  get some cheese . 
  get veggies that dont need cooking , like carrots , prepackaged salads , snap peas , etc. 
  grab any fruit basically . 
  a whole grain bread of some sort for sandwiches, 
  that 's what i 've been doing and it kinda frustrates me . 
   anything canned . 
  hm , i always thought that anything canned is usually very unhealthy . 
  except it was n't because someone was mean to you . 
  or maybe it was and now you 're mean to others because you 've been wronged ? 
  you know , losing weight has nothing to do with being an asshole . 
  that 's great advice , thanks . 
  it 's just that for a long time i 've been used to be alive for days on crackers , candy bars , juices and similar stuff that it feels like anything that is n't completely sugar-free and low fat is unhealthy . 
  i recently started tracking everything i eat , but i just ca n't make it in a way to not end up being hungry . 
  when myfintesspal says i 'm done , then i 'm done but sometimes it makes me feel hungry for the last 3-4 hours before i go to sleep . 
  it 's just that i absolutely hate mundane and repetitive tasks . 
  i have trouble brushing teeth every day or taking regular showers . 
  it just makes me very uncomfortable and frustrated if i * have * to do something . 
  right now i 'm showering just because i do n't want to bother my roommate with the smell . 
  do you realize you sound like an asshole in a comment that 's saying you have n't been one ? 
  that 's not a fault of android though , it does n't help either if the developer hates the platform . 
  i actually wanted to talk to a psychiatrist about that but then i found out there is like a 1.5 month waiting time and i gave up . 
  shit 's fun , yo . 
  oh , another one ? 
  hey , do you even realize there is a community for you at voat ? 
  try it . 
  heh , keep trying troll . 
  you ca n't do shit now on reddit . 
  you can only bitch and moan about freeze peaches . 
  yeah , i also accidentally clicked on that picture of a shaved vagina . 
  thanks , i 'll definitely check it out !, 
  yeah , my roommate has one . 
  i tried the microwaved meals several times before but it usually tastes terrible and is a bit expensive . 
  but i found some instant soups today so i will try those . 
  as an android user this confuses me - do iphones have the ability to use data without you enabling them first ? 
  and how long did they have this functionality ? 
  another question - how does imessage know it should receive a text if it only uses data to send and recieve ? 
  does it check periodically over data if there are new messages ? 
  why do you think so ? 
  yes , that 's true . 
  although i still change the general ringtone to a favourite song . 
  i could see a local psychiatrist , but it 's a small town and i 'm afraid he 's not going to be as professional and understanding as those from a big city . 
  there probably is some research about how long it takes a depressed person to kill themselves if they ca n't get professional help . 
  i would n't be surprised .
