  i 've been using 50mg of sertraline for 10 days and i do n't feel any different and none of the side effects have shown . 
  i followed [ these instructions ] ( https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201351 ) but after the reset the phone is untouched . 
  i was going through some of the best of lists , but they are full of autobiographies of people i do n't care about and lots of sci-fi and fantasy . 
  i just need a break from the drama , mystery and fear i surround myself with most of the time i spend reading . 
  also please no straight ya books or books about straight relationships in general . 
  i just bought a new flash drive adata s102 pro 64gb and ca n't access it in windows 10 . 
  it shows up in the device manager and connected devices , but not in the disc management or explorer . 
  when i try to do anything with it ( uninstall driver , update driver , eject ... ) the operation freezes and i have to unplug the drive , then suddenly everything works again . 
  the drive even made my laptop hang when i tried to restart it . 
  happens with all the usb ports , both 2.0 and 3.0 . 
  other flash drives work fine . 
  the same happens on another computer . 
  i just bought the thing ... 
  i do n't know if i should go any lower . 
  i started at 210lbs and now i 'm at 150 . 
  my ribs are starting to show a little bit but :, 
  * i still have a double chin, 
  * i still have visible belly fat pad, 
  * i still have huge thighs - i measured them - almost 21 inches, 
  especially the first point is incredibly discouraging . 
  i feel like a fucking freak of nature . 
  how is this shit even possible ? 
  i thought i would be looking at least normal at this weight . 
  honestly , i 'm willing to go to 135lbs , even the bmi calculators say that is still ok . 
  none of the other family members have a double chin and they 're all shorter and heavier than me !, 
  seriously , what the fuck ? 
  does anyone have a similar experience ? 
  why offer them to me if i ca n't watch them ? 
  is it supposed to be like that ? 
  could this be a sign of an infected computer ? 
  what do i do ? 
  i have an acer laptop with windows 10 . 
  i 'm gon na run malwarebytes because that 's about the only thing i can think of right now . 
  btw i 'm using windows defender as my antivirus . 
  hi , i succesfully created a hotspot using the command prompt and the phone connected just fine . 
  however i got out of the signal range and when i came back connecting to the same hotspot fails every time . 
  i tried deleting it from the phone and reconnecting , rebooting the phone ... nothing works . 
  when i restart the computer and create a new hotspot it works again but this is really annnoying . 
  what can be causing this ? 
  btw the phone is xperia z1 compact . 
  for example i have a wallpaper [ like this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gq4p3 ) and i want the text to appear above the taskbar . 
  what i 'd do normally is to edit it in photoshop and move the whole picture higher , leaving more black space below . 
  but i 've been wondering if there 's some software that will let me do it somehow easier and then set the wallpaper . 
  most programs are for dynamic wallpaper changing and do n't offer the settings i want . 
  anyone else have this problem ? 
  is there a solution ? 
  all objects in the game are displaying incorrectly . 
  it honestly freaks me out and feels like i 'm intentionally clogging my ear with a ton of earwax . 
  it took me forever to figure out why my comment was n't sent when my wifi was ok . 
  [ removed ], 
  i bought it thinking it will solve the problem but i guess not . 
  or am i wrong to expect my tablet to be fully charged from 15 % overnight ? 
  i need some advice on this . 
  i feel very uncomfortable and embarrassed when watching/listening to any interviews , radio talks , performances ... do i just have to keep watching until it is n't embarrassing anymore ? 
  is it just me or a known bug ? 
  everyone seems to be really excited with this episode but even though i enjoyed it the only revelation for me was that bernard is a copy of arnold . 
  i wish i could try all those other cool reddit clients for android but this prevents me from doing it . 
  the gold feature just does n't work properly so i depend on synccit . 
  would you please consider adding this feature ? 
  honestly i would be willing to pay for it , i really want to start using boost as my main reddit app but without synccit i ca n't . 
  the gold sync feature is unreliable . 
  [ removed ], 
  the one module that used to do this does n't work anymore and gravitybox is not supported for my device ( z1 compact ) . 
  i was diagnosed with depression and got prescribed 50mg of zoloft . 
  for two months i did n't notice anything so i stopped taking it . 
  i feared a little bit that i will feel the withdrawal effects that some people feel but you know what ? 
  i did n't feel anything . 
  fuck this placebo bullshit . 
  i do n't have time to try a different pill every couple of months . 
  i guess i just have to deal with depression in a different way . 
  ... when i got an email from gog about a complete order . 
  i have n't visited gog during the past 5-6 months so i kinda panicked . 
  [ thank you for the heart attack gog . 
  i already used to have such an app installed but ca n't find it now . 
  basically it let me create a custom notification and have it permanently pinned to the status bar , even let me choose how high among other notifications it will show . 
  until now i 've been using it because it seems more lightweight but it also often does n't notify me when someone 's calling me . 
  i hate the official subtitles because they are not a literal transcript of what is being said . 
  it 's distracting . 
  a ridiculous amount of light sources that do n't even light up the room properly . 
  and stupid people who leave lights on after they leave the house . 
  i finished all the quests and now i 'm working on the trophies . 
  suddenly , every time i receive golden eggs in any form there are far more of them than ever before . 
  not complaining , just curious . 
  this basically allows me to get all the trophies super fast because i can fast forward very often . 
  it 's like i only judge people based on their looks . 
  it 's way easier for me to lose anxiety around someone who is unattractive to me . 
  sometimes i feel like this dictates my life . 
  i avoid attractive people as much as i can because of this . 
  does this happen to me because i never was in a relationship ? 
  for me it completely breaks the melody of the song , often introduces unnecessary vulgarity and cockiness to an otherwise pleasant song . 
  i want to give this show a chance but this is a bit off-putting . 
  sometimes i play on saes : rpg but it seems they did n't improve it since i played it the last time years ago . 
  by properly i mean to spend more than 1h/week playing the game . 
  i used to play for hours every day and tried everything the game had to offer - that was years ago . 
  since then i sometimes started the game , played for a bit but never got to more than digging a hole and finding iron and coal before i got bored . 
  i think knowing i have something to look forward to would help me to enjoy the game more . 
  i really want to get into minecraft again because i have very fond memories of the game . 
  when i was 15 ( almost 22 now ) i decided to go to a technical school where there were 99 % male students . 
  i still study the same field and it 's about the same . 
  it just made me realize how little contact i actually have with women my age .
