  they get a lot of hate from the nazis on reddit . 
  this joke was never funny . 
  but at least their phone is charged, 
  i hope the father went to prison for that . 
  justin is perfexxxion . 
  randy be ramblin again . 
  yeah , that does n't sound like something that would fuck up most people . 
  i wish i could just buy that . 
  prometheus was still a great movie . 
  the party that is n't payed by russia . 
  nah , he just makes fun music . 
  i only listen to shawn mendes because i like to imagine he sings to me while i 'm fucking him . 
  i love all those three songs !, 
  ok that 's bad but i 'm sure there will be a better fan art pretty soon . 
  wow , that 's a great site . 
  thanks for this . 
  windows 10 . 
  i tried signing out of itunes but it did n't help . 
  wondering if i should reinstall . 
   fails to make it clear that suicidal thoughts are due to mental illness and can be treated with medicine / therapy / etc. 
  stop spreading this myth . 
  people without mental illness can consider suicide too and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  it 's a personal choice . 
  it 's idiotic to force sane people to live . 
  well that 's pretty dumb but what can you expect from people who see suicide only as a result of mental illness ? 
  that seems to only center it horizontally . 
  now it is n't vertically in the middle . 
  that very much depends on who decides who those less-than-sane people are . 
  and if 100 % of suicidal people are not deemed less-than-sane automatically . 
  you just solved it . 
  thank you !, 
  the only thing i had to change was not to apply the 100 % height to the body tag , because it made the page longer vertically ( scrollbar appeared ) . 
  other than that it 's perfect . 
  now i can finally apply some meaningful css to the page . 
  yeah , i installed the last update recently . 
  yes !, 
  ca n't wait to see it . 
  it was fucking awesome . 
  loved it . 
  expectations exceeded . 
  no , i was quite hyped . 
  never heard ( of ) the song , does n't sound that great either . 
  i 'm not british . 
  i never said that . 
  you should read the title of the post you 're commenting on . 
  i have 7 different accounts full of imported stuff and nothing has been taken down yet . 
  it was easy with windows xp - i just had to tell my dad to click the start button . 
  but now on windows 10 ... he does n't know where the start button is when i tell him . 
  i do both . 
  sometimes clicking is faster than using tab . 
  it actually does n't work like that . 
  the only thing you 're going to achieve is that you 'll end up believing a lie . 
  you ca n't really fake being social . 
  you either are or not . 
  yes !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  this also gives me a pretty good idea about it if i needed to modify it for other pages . 
  jesus fuck , what happened to metacritic ? 
  it 's so ugly and cluttered !, 
  i still do . 
  after covenant i have no reason to trust the reviewers . 
  if you actually read the reviews most of them are just bitching it 's not alien remastered . 
  yes , i think it deserves at least 80 . 
  if he does n't fall asleep like i did . 
  i totally get that , it 's perfection . 
  eset antivirus , if you do n't mind googling the trial key every 30 days, 
  the aux cord is great , but there is nothing greater than using your car as bluetooth speakers . 
   which barely resembles the games . 
  who cares ? 
  all but the last one were fun movies . 
  people ca n't appreciate a good film . 
  see ? 
  this is why i hate white people . 
  speed up when the customer has already opened the door ? 
  that would be even dumber . 
  another idiot claiming it 's the car brand 's fault !, 
  amazing . 
  what 's the original yt account ? 
  he 's so cute . 
  those are your eyes . 
  why would you risk damaging your eyes ? 
  any other part of the body i would understand but not eyes . 
  what a self-righteous asshole . 
  leave them be , if they want to kill themselves it 's their decision . 
  you do n't decide where and how they do it . 
  nobody cares what the mods think about the title . 
  they 're just as misleading as the many damning reviews for every dc film so far . 
  yay . 
  i wo n't judge her until i see the 60 seconds . 
  yeah , it 's crazy . 
  when someone gets shot in my country it 's the n. 1 story on the news because of how rarely it happens . 
  are you ? 
  why do n't you take your own advice you aggressive psycho ? 
  hey irony . 
  oh look , its the cancer we ca n't get rid of . 
  well , where did you touch him ? 
  did he fucking `` narrate '' the video ? 
   a lot of technological knowledge was lost after the sixty minute war so all modern technology is a sort of victorian-era steampunk . 
  how convenient ... 
  it really has n't .
