  it 's just stones though . 
  it 's possible with itunes . 
  i think those can not be put in playlists . 
  i hope fixing a problem i never had will not create any new ones . 
  what i would love to see is sorting options and list view , especially on mobile . 
  that 's because nobody cares about their fairytales . 
  so who cares then ? 
  why is it news ? 
  what is alc ? 
  i am just scared to progress too much since i do n't know if i lose access to same parts of the map or not . 
  thanks , another reason why this game is so awesome !, 
  we can never be real witchers :(, 
  i someone ever asked me ( highly doubt it ) i would say something like `` it makes sense to me '' . 
  ffs who cares . 
  her video is 6 years old . 
  it 's not like he 's stealing her money or fame or whatever . 
  is n't it a good thing that another artist is inspired by your work ? 
  does she want to patent browsing record stores ? 
  oh god , oh man . 
  oh god , oh man . 
  oh god , oh man . 
  oh god oh man oh god ! . 
  right , so everyone attending the school as a girl would have access . 
  makes sense . 
  do n't really care about artistic integrity , his music is awesome . 
  why is this video tagged with `` closed captions available '' ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i know , she overreacted a bit . 
  happens to the best of us . 
  resident evil movies are awesome . 
  why would you say that ? 
  not everybody has a desire to be normal . 
  i used to be straight , then bi , now i 'm gay . 
  it just fucking happened . 
  so what ? 
  eh , ever since i stopped using q-tips my ears are always full of wax , no matter how often i clean them . 
  plus , there 's always some unreachable left so i ca n't use in-ear headphones ... 
  people tell me i stand funny , because one of my feet points forward and the other one to the side . 
  i admit it kinda looks weird , but it 's how i unconsciously stand , so it must be the most comfortable . 
  i first met him during the quest with piggies , i giggle every time i see him . 
  still easier to take a photo to post on reddit . 
  take a picture and share to reddit app is much faster . 
  i know how to proceed , it just never happened to me before that an official update would be detected . 
  you wish . 
  what irritates me more is reusing the same model of peasants and voice actors . 
  this surprised me the most about this game . 
  how is everything so perfect , yet they can not create a couple more faces and hire some voice actors ? 
  i know . 
  it still disappoints me that they invested so much in a big open world that feels authentic , but lacks unique people . 
  i 'd much rather have a smaller , more condensed world full of different people . 
  damn , this is really hard . 
  maybe leonardo dicaprio in catch me if you can ? 
  he used to be really hot . 
  i actually did n't mind that about skyrim because it was obvious from the start . 
  in witcher 3 , it took me 10-20 hours of playtime to notice . 
  i do n't deny that and i know that . 
  it just does n't change the fact that i hear some of the easily recognizable voices way too often . 
  at least they could 've picked some who do n't have such unique voices . 
  example situation - i do a quest for someone who has a unique voice . 
  i connect that unique voice with him . 
  later in the game , i start hearing that unique voice from random people . 
  i might even find a quest that has the same npc with the same hat and a different voice which confuses me because it makes me think it 's him , but he sounds different . 
  game x was worse than game y in aspect z , therefore game y can not be criticized ? 
  that 's like saying `` whoa , you could be your sos sister/brother '' when they are the same age . 
  haha, 
  it seems they moved in this subreddit . 
  how does suddenly everyone have a 60fps recording device ? 
  what i did was to move `` infected '' subreddits to a new multireddit called frontpage2 . 
  now my real frontpage has only positive subreddits like / r/casualconversation . 
  yeah , the kids are most noticeable . 
  i remember comforting a child in crow 's perch and later in the game on the skellige isles the same child lead me to a trap to mug me . 
  especially the app drawer . 
  it 's simple and does everything i need . 
  i live in a country where it has been like this for some time and our free speech is perfectly fine . 
  i understand it might not be acceptable for you , but for us it is . 
  eh , no thanks . 
  that sub is more negative than / r/suicidewatch and / r/foreveralone combined . 
  huh , that 's nice . 
  did n't notice that before the update . 
  they look like completely normal people . 
  of course , because taste in movies , music , and books is 100 % subjective . 
  well of course not , she 's a woman . 
  why would i ? 
  i assure you being a minority does n't make you empathise with other minorities at all . 
  they look like pandas to me . 
  reminds me of a joke :, 
   the light is red , what a nice color !, 
   hey , it 's orange , great !, 
   green , brilliant !, 
   oh , that 's red again , already seen this , let 's go then . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
  i like canned peaches more than the freeze ones !, 
  stopping in the left lane is an accident waiting to happen ... 
  after you get some of them on your windshield , they suddenly stop being adorable . 
  what this article tells me is that everyone ghostwrites for everybody else but themselves . 
  why ca n't you just hold down the trashcan ? 
  unless you buy some extra thin bags or put some sharp objects in it this is not going to happen . 
  why is it necessary to delete my settings preferences ? 
  what kind of a game does this ? 
  i do n't see how is a black metal band accused of satanism in any way homophobic ?
