  if you typed `` dad reflexes '' you would be upvoted . 
  have you tried soulseek ? 
  if you did your only option is to record it using audacity or some commercial software . 
  that 's true but the antivirus usually intercepts the file during extraction from the rar file , it never even reaches the folder . 
  well yeah , that 's why i mentioned in the post . 
  i do that but it 's annoying to do that any time i 'm using cracked files . 
  the problem i have is that antiviruses do n't actually recover the files they quarantine when you ask them to or they quarantine it again immediately after . 
  there 's not even a joke . 
  it 's just a rant . 
  in this resolution it is useless . 
  i hope there 's more of jared leto 's joker . 
  i support them and hope we are forced to take more people in . 
  i think we as a country have done almost nothing but make the refugee situation even worse . 
  it 's time to finally help . 
  the thing is we already know all that . 
  applying it in real life is the hard part . 
  i do n't control what i feel . 
  it does n't matter i know all the rational things my minds still makes me scared and act shy . 
  i tried the `` fake it till you make it '' attitude but it does n't work because i know i 'm faking it and eventually it always fails . 
  they have those hovering , speed of light traveling ones . 
  damn , the comments here are more trashy than the photo . 
  cool !, 
  i also wonder if it 's possible to buy foreign currency . 
  i thought that it could be nice to have the $ 1 bill , but i guess banks only exchange money for the local currency , not the other way around . 
  yes , and that 's one of the reasons why i used to be fat . 
  no , because down voting sucks . 
  i used to feel similar but i found that if you add a lot of sugar and milk it gets ok . 
  humor based on stereotypes , yay . 
  who cares ? 
  the author of the article is right . 
  i 've seen both but thanks for the suggestions . 
  i just do n't have anyone to confide in so i write rants on the internet . 
  itt : armchair psychologists . 
  it also shows men are huge babies about this . 
  ugh , i 'm dreading the day the control panel gets redesigned because it 's bound to take functionality away . 
  kanye x jay-z x migos - watch the culture 2, 
  this episode of family feud is dragging, 
  in my fridge . 
  my socket is ready, 
  i always thought it was about him falling in love with his rapist . 
  i 'd say it does . 
  that 's supposed to be good ? 
  i hope antifa manages to beat up more nazis . 
  fuck this clown , no matter how right he is . 
  and eu should finally force us to take refugees in . 
  and heavily fine us for not complying . 
  did they perform georgie porgie too ? 
  i 'm not trolling anybody , i meant it . 
  this country is beyond fucked up and it needs a slap in the face to wake up . 
  i made the thread just to point out how funny nazis can be . 
  a nazi replies so i tell him i hope he gets what he asks for . 
  but sure , just go ahead and call everyone you disagree with a troll . 
  i meant every single thing i said . 
  you are way angrier than you should be . 
  i am not trolling , i mean what i say . 
  i am in a position of moral high ground . 
  i say take in refugees . 
  punish countries that do n't . 
  beat up nazis . 
  i love how you only focus on that part . 
  nazis deserve to get beaten up . 
  the sign is not wrong . 
  that 's exactly how i see it . 
  ok i admit , i 'm pretty good at it . 
  i 've been reading all the names on ct24.cz and they can be really creative . 
  some are not even names appropriate for a political party - like ` referendum o evropsk\u00e9 unii ' - what the fuck is that ? 
  they literally put their talking points in their names !, 
  oh i remember that . 
  i actually remember enjoying reading that even though it 's mostly nonsense . 
  it makes me sad that i just ca n't find a common ground on almost anything even with my dad . 
  he 's such an old school conservative and so stubborn . 
  he usually dismisses me saying ` one day you 'll get it . ', 
  he literally thinks it 's just a matter of time before people come to the same conclusions he did ... 
  i do n't get why people ca n't just get along without judging others based on such trivial matters . 
  dyed hair , strange haircut , a tattoo , unconventional clothing ... why all the negativity against just that ? 
  god i 'm so tired of this, 
  i do this with my car 's headlights . 
  i always check if they 're off even if i remember turning them off . 
  ( i live in a country where you have to have them on 24/7 ) . 
  i also do n't use the in-ear type but because they are very uncomfortable . 
  it feels personal , like you 've been specifically targeted with all that negativity . 
  it would be torture for me because it takes me up to 2 hours to fall asleep . 
  i 'd love to follow this advice but i live in a dorm and i literally only have the choice to either sit on a hard wooden chair or use the bed . 
  especially now that facebook reminds you of your past mistakes . 
  yes because i have my phone set to never turn the screen off by itself . 
  my name is b.j. 
  i love giving nutjobs . 
  huh , i guess some people never grow out of that . 
  i would try that if i could but i suffer from increased production of ear wax . 
  i have to use ear sprays daily and my ear still ca n't get rid of the wax . 
  your music taste is very similar to mine . 
  what a rare sight . 
  do n't listen to others , there is no need to listen to the older stuff . 
  this is the music of our youth , go with it . 
  i said that people i interact with daily believe at least one of those things . 
  never said anything about the majority . 
  nothing matters when all the nazis are dead . 
  please do n't post links to extensions that have n't been updated for ages or do n't work . 
  i 've checked the chrome store . 
  when animals act compassionately it makes me cry even more .
