  i still love the song and listen to it every day . 
  that does n't mean it 's not a legitimate problem for them . 
  damn . 
  the cheapest 6tb external hdd in my country costs ~ $ 275 ( full price ) . 
  you certainly are * not * a heavy user . 
  i live in a dorm and some time ago several other people and i were scolded for `` abusing '' the unlimited data that the dorm internet connection offers and making it slower for other users because of that . 
  i averaged 200-300gb / month . 
  now i only download at home and my usage when i 'm at the dorm now sits at ~ 30gb/month . 
  that 's just the occasional youtube and music streaming , windows updates , web browsing ... 
  you still did drugs . 
  i was wondering if the season is standalone or not . 
  like fargo or true detective . 
  same experience here , except for torrent speeds . 
  those are almost 10x slower for me . 
  qbittorent . 
  i tried setting up the socks proxy and the speed improved . 
  damn , what a bunch of assholes . 
  it seems to me they are the ones unfit for society . 
  that 's true but the thing is finding quality people is really hard . 
  often you just have to work with what you 're given . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  making friends is * very * hard and takes extreme confidence . 
  you basically have to convince a stranger that you are worth their time . 
  at least he 's cute . 
  as someone who hates being startled by the sound of a balloon popping , please do n't . 
  torrenting is too much work . 
  that 's awfully pretentious of vevo . 
  i do n't get it . 
  it 's supposed to be cool ? 
  it is not . 
  what are you on about ? 
  smoking in no way looks cool . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  there 's still racism in america . 
  as you can see in this thread , a lot of people still think it 's cool somehow . 
  i 'm 22 . 
  it has been drilled into me from a young age that smoking is bad for me . 
  never tried it . 
  second-hand smoke is a daily reality for me because i still go to school so i kinda detest it . 
  most of the people i know switched to vaping . 
  today starts a nationwide ban on smoking in pubs and restaurants in my country . 
  i ca n't imagine pubs where nobody smokes . 
  i 'm really interested in how this ends . 
  you can upload it !, 
  oh they * were * looking , just the other way . 
  honest mistake . 
  why the fuck is everyone so nervous ? 
  do they really have to honk and be aggressive so much ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  she did n't prove their point though ... 
  what ? 
  she cut her hair , what 's the problem ? 
  some of you people are way too offended because a girl cut her hair short . 
  fuck those punks . 
  maybe she 's sick of being told what she should look like . 
  and the comments in this thread are the proof . 
  everyone basically says `` she should n't have done that because i do n't find her attractive now . '', 
  damn , she just cut her hair . 
  what if she was told she looks better with short hair and `` impulsively '' kept long hair ? 
  would you still criticize her ? 
  i bet you would . 
  he looks so goddamn good . 
  yeah , this article focuses on spotify too much . 
  there are a lot of reasons why i moved from spotify to apple music . 
  i am one of those people who need to have 100 % control over their music and want to be able to listen to their favorite music forever . 
  a streaming service is a necessity because without it there is too much work to organize and collect your music . 
  what a fucking asshole . 
  way to damage the tow truck . 
  sims definitely make your a gamer . 
  it 's a game like any other . 
  ghosts was the last good cod . 
  they never tell you this . 
  fun fact - in some countries the show * is * named sex in the city . 
  windscribe is great , i use it too . 
  got that lifetime deal . 
   just get out of your comfort zone, 
  yep , it 's that simple / s, 
  they are all equally good . 
  the whole trilogy is . 
   wished they 're stop making dc movies, 
  how about you stop going to the cinema to see them and leave them to people like me who enjoy them ? 
  to me , it looked like starship troopers on a very tight budget . 
  i 'm also not really a sw fan and barely even seen all the movies at least once but rogue one surprised me a lot . 
  it 's the first sw movie to get me excited for the next . 
  i was way too hyped for it before i went but in the end it was still pretty solid . 
  this is amusing , my native language is czech and i used to call them `` lektvary '' which literally translates as potions . 
  parents were not amused because i used to mix some expensive stuff too . 
  you should 've heard me in mcdonald 's today when i forgot my debit card and had to wait in the line i usually skip to pay with cash . 
  lol this is so typical of this sub . 
  do you know how to figure out a post with an attractive guy before opening it ? 
  it 's downvoted to zero and there are tons of comments . 
  every time . 
  [ this is what it looks like from her point of view . 
  hey , they are called the french you xenophobe !, 
  another one ? 
  i thought he already released an album this year . 
  i really have to rewatch that show some day . 
  i was a young teenager when it first aired and i did n't understand a lot of things , especially with the season and episode delays . 
  maybe a new binge watch will help . 
  makes you wonder which is the original .
