  most people trying to communicate on reddit are depressed because it 's the last resort they ( we ) can think of . 
  why do n't you just create the sub without bitching about people bitching ? 
  although i do n't see the point since there already is / r/gaybros . 
  me too , that 's why i 'm glad they 're coming to us . 
  can you explain why czech republic ? 
  i know it 's generally a shithole but it 's further ahead in regards to lgbt acceptance than many other countries you did n't list . 
  is this the opposite of / r/liberaltrumpsupporters ? 
  you mean they like it when people pee on them ? 
  sure they can but that 's not what i mean . 
  the post mentioned by the bot implies islamophobia . 
  it mentions `` a place where they throw you off buildings '' - reference to so-called islamic state . 
  but that is not an actual state so why are they wondering why it is n't the top answer here ? 
  it 's still sick to have them there today . 
  the church is so twisted . 
  i live there . 
  that has a very interesting premise . 
  that looks cool , it has even been translated to my language , i 'll add that to my to-read list . 
  is there some secret plot of blowing up dams i 'm not aware of ? 
  it depends what country you compare us to . 
  i said shithole because i tend to idolize countries like germany or sweden . 
  it 's a shame it has n't been translated to my language , i 'll see if i can decode it in english . 
  some of the older ones are good too !, 
  you actually do n't have to !, 
  spotify only greys out songs that are n't available anymore . 
  that is true . 
  i believe he can do that . 
  yeah , trust this guy . 
  he knows what he 's talking about . 
  watch yo profamity, 
  just like the downvotes lol, 
   has to, 
  what the heck, 
  or not , it 's not that big of a deal, 
  can it , ship it, 
  what 's so hard about a roundabout ? 
  ffs use an electric kettle you savage, 
  that 's why you buy an electric kettle, 
  haha , i guess you 've done the same with your son , right ? 
  people on this sub are really thin skinned sometimes, 
  they 're a good band, 
  they are a pretty good band, 
  they 're doing better than many rappers mentioned on this subreddit . 
  not that popularity is a measurement of quality . 
  women are allowed to drive in sa . 
  you have n't bought new clothes in whole 6 months ? 
  oh the humanity ... 
  not me tho so stfu biatch before i kick you in your boi pussy, 
  it does n't make anyone sea sick, 
  fuck black people , right ? 
  wow , in my school 1 unexcused absence was a reason to be expelled . 
  they can afford a plane ticket . 
  yeah , that 's not a plane to spain . 
  that 's a lot of money , especially if you travel as a family . 
  plus it 's not the only expense of the vacation . 
  that * is * a lot of money . 
  especially when it 's a price of just one person . 
  it is * a lot * of money . 
  such an aggressive answer really was n't necessary . 
  `` thank god '' is a figure of speech . 
  * absolutely . 
  do n't even bother on this sub . 
  it really is . 
  for me it 's 2nd most listened to album right after relapse . 
  hundreds of gigabytes . 
  i like rewatching videos i like and the videos i like usually are n't available for free streaming . 
  honestly i have no idea how someone can get addicted to porn . 
  i 'm in the same situation . 
  no gay friends = no one to talk to about being gay . 
  that 's just the way it is . 
  i overeat . 
  watch suicide videos . 
  etc, 
  ha , it sucks anyway . 
  hey , how come i 've never been invited to such a lovely meeting ? 
  `` blame '', 
  that sounds like czech tv . 
  this is how i imagine it will look like when self-driving cars get mainstream . 
  no accident but lots of emergency maneuvers because of one person who just has to drive the car themselves . 
  this is how i imagine it will look like when self-driving cars get mainstream . 
  no accident but lots of emergency maneuvers because of one person who just has to drive the car themselves . 
  hey , maybe it was a birthday present for the son ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i hope you are pretending you did n't see an obvious joke . 
  nobody uses the fucking triangle in the us it seems . 
  still a bad reaction . 
  do n't get angry . 
  people will just laugh at you and make you even more angry . 
  anger is not a solution to anything . 
  there were n't even 10 good horror movies released last year ... 
  great list !, 
  i especially appreciate there are almost no ancient movies . 
  they should n't be driving . 
  they are both assholes . 
  easily avoidable by the cammer . 
  just drive away , shithead . 
  why did you write that sentence so many times ? 
  who said the creators of these memes are trying to fight against google ? 
  this never gets old . 
  because it was old all along . 
  so you say music is like mold . 
  1001 albums you must hear before you die 2013 edition ( ** the book ** ),
