  you mean the treats other people with respect crowd ? 
  i agree . 
  i 've always loved reading but as soon as someone forced me to do it i hated it . 
  i want the posts to be the same format - screens of social media , photos , etc. 
  nah , you 're thinking about the people triggered by social justice . 
  oh , another hyperbole . 
  actually you did . 
  this actually sounds interesting , i might give it a try . 
  i know i 'm late but i actually made this list from the information on wikipedia :, 
   keeping up with the kardashians season 1, 
   keeping up with the kardashians season 2, 
   junk in the trunk [ part of kuwtk season 2 ], 
   keeping up with the kardashians season 3, 
   kourtney and khloe take miami season 1, 
   keeping up with the kardashians season 4, 
   kourtney and khloe take miami season 2, 
   keeping up with the kardashians season 5, 
   junk in the trunk 2 [ part of kuwtk season 5 ], 
   kourtney and kim take new york season 1, 
   khloe and lamar season 1, 
   keeping up with the kardashians season 6, 
   kim 's fairytale wedding : a kardashian event [ part of kuwtk season 6 ], 
   kourtney and kim take new york season 2, 
   kendall 's sweet 16 [ part of kuwtk season 6 ], 
   khloe and lamar season 2, 
   season 7, 
   kourtney kim miami, 
   season 8, 
   season 9, 
   kourtney khloe hamptons, 
   season 10, 
   i am cait, 
  do n't get confused with the spin-offs in miami - first two seasons are with kourtney and khlo\u00e9 and the third season it 's kourtney and kim . 
  some websites use different numbers because they do n't put the third season of miami with the first two but rather with the kourtney kim new york because the names match . 
  hm , this is pretty sad . 
  i started watching the show chronologically some time ago and right now i 'm at the kourtney and kim miami spin-off . 
  what i think will happen is that the show will have a long pause and then it will start again when kendal and kylie have kids . 
  i think kanye will convince kim to stay out of the reality show business . 
  where did you read that ? 
  you 're the one who will have to leave ... your backwards opinions . 
  um , that has nothing to do with what we were taking about . 
  being gay does n't make us immune to being bigots . 
  how do you define underrated ? 
  no way , i can see my previous posts ? 
  i totally did n't know that !, 
  yes i know the theory of infinite universes . 
  this makes sense in none of them . 
  no , it does not make any sense . 
  maybe try go back on meds ? 
  sorry , i ca n't take you seriously if you use ` tumblr warrior ' unironically . 
  in some backwards countries maybe . 
  why the ` i 'm looking at you in a dumb way face ' ? 
  yes , i do this . 
  it actually has a negative impact on my study habits because i ca n't concentrate during lectures . 
  sometimes i even fade away during a conversation . 
  i wish i could stop doing this . 
  i always imagine the things i desperately want but will never have ( friends , boyfriend , fame ) . 
  and the song which he borrowed the melody from - kissing in the rain by patrick doyle . 
  i love the melody . 
  i do , actually . 
  i started watching their show because i thought it would be hilarious to laugh at stupid people , but it turns out they are not stupid and reality tv can be quite interesting . 
  it 's almost like everyone is not attracted to the same people equally . 
  i 'll never understand the hate these people get on this site . 
  live and let live , anyone ? 
  on a race track, 
  or the exact opposite . 
  this is what i like about apple music . 
  even the music that becomes unavailable still is in your library , you just ca n't play it anymore . 
  yep . 
  i do n't have anyone interested in talking about things that matter to me the most . 
  why ? 
  same here , except with white racist homophobes . 
  yeah , it 's silly . 
  yeah , she 's not just some old woman , she gave birth and then her spawn gave birth too !, 
  nah , it 's nice to see a cammer that does n't misuse his horn . 
  lol, 
  does n't give a fuck , responds anyway . 
  huh . 
  it 's so interesting how a different camera can give a completely different vibe to the city . 
  am i the only one who was distracted by the bird shit ? 
  * road rage mode activated *, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  you know , not everyone wipes their ass with their hand . 
  i guess i 'm lucky that my toilet is in a seperate room . 
  i imagine this too but i 'm not looking for the exits , i just try to imagine what the body count would be if someone really tried . 
  yeah , nobody expected that answer . 
  so clever . 
  music does n't disappear from my collection when apple loses rights to stream it , it just becomes unplayable, 
  this is the most hilarious thing i have seen all day . 
  yep . 
  although i 'm not sure how it handles the music you save in the album collection . 
  if you 're so embarrased about using this site why are you still here ? 
  i use apple music . 
  the desktop experience is almost perfect , but the android app is buggy as hell . 
  i do n't care what happens to my body after i die . 
  maybe do something creative ? 
  hang my naked corpse from a highway bridge or give it away to a necrophile . 
  now that 's art . 
  i feel the same way . 
  unfortunately none of my friends who know spread the info .
