  i think we should consider opting out of / r/all . 
  overseas from where ? 
  no , we do n't need to give space to the racists . 
  the only group of people profiting from the attack is the far right . 
  because the mods ca n't handle the amount of racism . 
  what a fucking drama queen . 
  the only good thing about this attack is that i will be able to tell apart my real friends . 
  i feel really bad for those who have to fly in the recent future . 
  i will just make sure to tag everybody so i know who i 'm talking to in the future . 
  it 's just another reminder that being a minority does n't make you automatically empathetic towards other minorities . 
  i actually think this subreddit might get better when all the racists get the fuck out . 
  oh no , we have another meltdown . 
  reddit is in another meltdown over nothing . 
  how about you actually discuss the news , you know , the reason why you all wanted this thread ? 
  i must congratulate myself , my / r/all is absolutely clean of any racism because i blocked all the subreddits in advance . 
  you know , the reason they deleted all those threads was because of the out-of-control racism . 
  i do n't blame them at all . 
  even now when there are threads to comment on people do n't actually comment on the news but only complain . 
  it saddens me how many racists there are in the lgbt community . 
  situations like this reveal who are the true and valuable friends . 
  i have my / r/all heavily filtered and i did n't even know there was a shooting nor the so-called censorship . 
  her crimes killed people ... 
  all i want is rdr for pc . 
  yeeeep . 
  ca n't wait for that . 
  iraq and libya . 
  go interrogate wikipedia . 
  i actually applaud their efforts and hope the racists go to their own ` uncensored ' subs . 
  i really want / r/news to be clean . 
  yes , i am sane . 
  no need for sunshine and rainbows , i 'm ok with no racism though . 
  thanks , the g303 seems like a nice one . 
  you just stated your opinion and presented it as a fact . 
  that quote loses its meaning with that name under it . 
  i do n't really want it . 
  contactless cards are all i need . 
  no he wo n't , he can choose which songs he wants unless the album is in a rar file . 
  this is why i avoided dating when i was fat ( well of course it was n't the main reason but it was a valid one ) . 
  i did n't want to end up with someone who is only into fat people . 
  yes . 
  uhm , how many more of these posts will we get ? 
  wishing the posts about the attack stopped . 
  that 's transphobia and a lot of people try to justify it because they find trans people ` icky ' and this is their immature way of dealing with it . 
  that my family and relatives are not perfect , they were just presented to me as such . 
  yes . 
  good ones . 
  ca n't this get you banned though ? 
  i have the same issue but to me that is still better then the stutter i had before . 
  i tried the trial version and it worked . 
  it 's not a completely lossless conversion but i ca n't tell a difference . 
  i do n't want to spend so much money on the program but i ca n't find it anywhere else . 
  that 's certainly possible , my calculator does n't differentiate between the two . 
  i do n't know , when i was creating my crew there was some set of rules that the name ca n't reference to certain things . 
  i 'd at least check it out . 
   my guess is that they 're using subtract ( - ) instead of minus ( which is probably a + / - button ), 
  this is probably it . 
  i found a button on my calculator that has ( - ) printed on it and the button generates a minus sign which only works as a minus sign . 
  but all the operations i need this for also accept the regular minus button ( subtraction ) - which is probably what friend 's calculator does n't do . 
  i had the same attitude as you but that actually caused me to not take any pics . 
  i just did n't care to see the progress . 
  i get a login error . 
  neutral news ? 
  what a joke, 
  wow , this program is flawless . 
  i still wish there was something like this for apple music but i guess we ai n't getting it until apple launches a web player . 
  still , this is perfect because it downloads playlists and albums too . 
  thank you for this !, 
  it 's truly amazing . 
  there are only two options currently - use noteburner ( which is not lossless and costs money ) or tell your friend that am is available for android too . 
  both, 
  and i also wish they did n't react like children to someone with a different opinion . 
  with the comment i replied to . 
  the opposite actually . 
  drive was a shitty movie , the whole f & f is uncomparably better . 
  wow he 's hot . 
  yep . 
  there are some terrible rappers who have an incredibly sexy voice . 
  people think i have a terrible taste in music sometimes . 
  nope , i just love the voice . 
  i do n't understand how you could watch game of thrones with all the commercials in between . 
  nope . 
  the only workaround i can think of is to create a smart playlist in itunes with all music located in icloud , then copy all the songs from it to a regular playlist and make that playlist available offline on you phone . 
  dude calm down , no need to be upset over a comment on the internet . 
  just like you, 
  at least it was a fantastic movie . 
  wow , you are so spot on . 
  so smart of you . 
  yeah that made me annoyed , i really wanted to see this unseen elder . 
   gods will is actually the will of whoever heard him, 
  why call it god 's will then ? 
  why even put god in the equation ? 
  gold ? 
  i did n't know losing weight would make me a superhero . 
  what a random , pointless comment . 
  why even write tomato ketchup ? 
  are there any other types of ketchup ? 
  is n't it implied that ketchup is mashed tomatoes ? 
  i do n't think i will vote trump because i think he 's on my side ... 
  lol , clintons have already done all that . 
  yep , and they vote clinton .
