  it 's not about the gender , at least not for me . 
  this probably could be one of those movies that we see from the main character 's perspective . 
  depends who would direct it . 
  lots of those films did n't end up badly . 
  i agree . 
  everyone says that it was n't supposed to be about answering the questions , but i think at the beginning it was , but then they got completely lost in the script and just decided to make the series something it was not supposed to be . 
  i still cried though . 
  so many great memories . 
  for some reason , i really loved to make other people angry . 
  today i cringe a bit when i think about it , but it still it part of me growing up and it is interesting to compare the younger me to myself now . 
  i used to play samp ( unofficial san andreas multiplayer ) and i cheated a lot . 
  i loved to mess with other players . 
  sometimes i would become attached to their head , so they were running around helplessly trying to shake me off . 
  i still can find banlists with my at least three usernames . 
  i loved to mess with photos of girls from my class . 
  the rage !, 
  i would troll the fuck out of certain forums until they banned me . 
  i loved to send insults to random people i found on hookup sites . 
  those conversations were golden . 
  i even sent anonymous death threats to my cousin , but it almost ended up with police involved . 
  gawd , i used to be such an asshole . 
  today i do none of there stupid things , but guess what my favourite subreddit it . 
  [ it 's ] ( #s '' / r/atheism '' ) obviously . 
  it is possible i missed it , will do next time . 
  i will watch the show again and see if this is true . 
  i had this unfulfilled feeling with mass effect 3 too , but after the second time i finished the game i did n't mind it . 
  looks like it 's pregnant . 
  i would like you to recommend me a book similar to videogame series [ secret files ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secret_files:_tunguska ) . 
  the most important parts of the plot probably are :, 
  * traveling around the world ( changing locations a lot ), 
  * mystery, 
  * main character investigating, 
  i ca n't really tell what 's so different about the secret files series that makes it interesting to me . 
  for example i really like detective novels , but the mysterious part is usually very weak . 
  i did n't get it too , i thought that he said that the book is 8 years old ... 
  [ the end of procrastination ( only in czech ) ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17935138-konec-prokrastinace?ac=1 ) is a great motivational book . 
  it convinced me to tell my parents and close friends that i 'm gay . 
  i really liked it and made even more important decisions that had a great impact on my life , but i am afraid that now , after couple of months , i completely forgot everything and am procrastinating again . 
  i suppose it needs a lot of testing . 
  the teachers probably force children to read the book and if they manage to make them hate it and swear to never read again , than the book can classify as a required reading . 
  you have to remember , that the main goal here is to raise generations of children who will never touch a book again , because they were forced to do so at school . 
  it 's a very thoughtful plan to make the population illiterate . 
  they know that allowing you to choose what you want to read is a bad idea , because it would have exactly opposite effect . 
  the thing is with audiobooks , that many of them are really badly read . 
  the reader usually makes me very sleepy , because i tend to read the books faster . 
  i only listen to audiobooks when they are properly done with the audio effects , music , etc. 
  i could try this method of yours but i doubt i would have the patience to wait for the reader . 
  i 've had enough of this with my classmates when we were supposed to read some text in class . 
  the witcher . 
  i understand everything he does and always feel sorry for him , because i know what it 's like to want to be neutral but still be forced to take sides . 
  i do n't even judge people for not reading at all . 
  it 's their choice . 
  i think it 's the same as if they decided to avoid films/videogames . 
  they are simply missing one kind of art . 
  nothing wrong about that , just feel sorry for them . 
  i like how this is the exactly opposite opinion to the current top comment . 
  i heard about audible and i hope that one day i will understand spoken english enough to listen to audiobooks . 
  but it sounds like a good idea to practice it with listening and reading the text at the same time . 
  might give it a try . 
  i found it , but will it work when i have license key for an oem version ? 
  luckily everything went fine . 
  i just love it when it 's all official and working fine as it 's supposed to be . 
  i wish there was a higher resolution picture of this , i would love to confuse people by having this as a wallpaper . 
  edit : nevermind , i found [ another one ] ( http://thesurrogatedaughter.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/couple-eating.jpg ) . 
  people will ask me if those are my parents . 
  the confusion will be priceless when i tell them that is a random couple found on the internet . 
  i used to take the train they 're announcing when i traveled to school . 
  what a fucking coincidence . 
  i know it may sound weird to someone but i would love this . 
  first i would probably drive random cars . 
  i just have one question - what happends to nuclear power plants when left alone ? 
  depends on which sex you prefer . 
  if you 're interested in men , [ abduction ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1600195/combined ) is a mediocre action films with taylor lautner . 
  if it was n't for him , i would n't * finish * ( the film ) . 
  cheese and salami . 
  anything else makes the pizza worse . 
  silent hill . 
  sean bean does n't die in this one . 
  to this day i still ca n't understand what the director meant by this . 
  i used to hate the european union like everyone in this country does ( czech republic ) , but then i thought about it a little bit and now i do n't mind it and people who still hate it actually annoy me . 
  i hope that one day i will find a subreddit where i can discuss something with other people . 
  but unfortunately this goes against the reddit 's pun ideology . 
  harry potter and the philosopher 's stone . 
  this book convinced me that reading is worth it . 
  the youtube view numbers say otherwise . 
  there 's a song about it and it goes `` i wipe my ass back and forth '' . 
  nothing matters . 
  every emotion people express is just a chemical process in their brain . 
  for example if you kill someone , it will cause negative emotions in other people 's brains , but who decides that action deserves a negative reception ? 
  another chemical process in the brain . 
  so - there is no right or wrong , just a bunch of chemical processes reacting to each other . 
  replace joker in the dark knight movie . 
  suddenly , joker becomes a villain you can hate . 
  yeah , but i mean if they can safely disable themselves or will they just melt or blow up ? 
  lego movie . 
  fuck those chaos enthusiasts . 
  hard to regulate/control , wo n't happen . 
  who the hell remembers being a 5 year old ? 
  hey i found a great [ cap ] ( http://rlv.zcache.com/dream_crusher_trucker_hats-rb0003e2254064bd1b8f7aa6b409ab9a9_v9wfy_8byvr_512.jpg ) for myself !, 
  [ stronghold soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6otxdts0ku ) is perfect .
