  wtf ? 
  is the series good ? 
  i love reading long series but it 's a hit & miss . 
  we must stay hopeful !, 
  you 're not being condescending enough , champ . 
  reds are child molesters , orange are rapists , green are `` other '' . 
  coffee is fine . 
  those are n't really a thing in europe . 
  link ? 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  and just because they made a joke does n't mean they did n't express disagreement with op . 
  whale, 
  cool , thanks . 
  be thankful you live in a country where $ 100 is not a lot of money . 
  is it a wedding ring ? 
  if yes you get a pass . 
  except for the few brilliant ones . 
  i get what you 're saying but at least i 'm not a wet pussy scared that others will think i 'm a pussy . 
  lol i thought it was some edm producer before i opened the article, 
  cauliflower is considered indian food ? 
  [ rec ] , end of watch , the conspiracy , v/h/s , the visit, 
  here in the czech republic it 's still mandatory . 
  it 's only faster for some . 
  i was forced to learn cursive but switched to print as soon as teachers stopped insisting on cursive . 
  we still had to use cursive to write essays and i suffered trying to make it readable . 
  i was taught this roughly 10 years ago in post communist czech republic . 
  did you learn it with glasses ? 
  what are these instant apps ? 
  thanks, 
  how does a 5 year old kid grow onions ? 
  they drive like that every day , it 's just that this day they drove through your neighborhood . 
  i hate showering so much i only wash myself like once in 14 days during the holidays . 
  yeah , that 's how i see it . 
  this is how i calm myself when the elections are about to be won by a populist demagogue - at least they 're not after me . 
  yet . 
  `` luckily '' i do n't have that many friends , maybe 2-3 so it does n't happen that often but yes , i feel the same way about it . 
  that 's why i do n't share any videos , articles or anything that takes time to process anymore . 
  when i 'm feeling extremely lazy i 'll just press the thumbs up button but that feels really dismissive . 
  the reason why i do n't floss is that i hate having the floss choking my finger . 
  i love making top lists of music and movies . 
  i have best movies of all time , best horror movies , top 10 albums , artists ... it 's fun . 
  i even started making separate collections of music and uploading them to google music for streaming . 
  i fart all the time , no matter what i consume . 
  although soy milk is delicious , i even prefer my cocoa with soy milk . 
  yes but considering you 're supposed to use a different part of floss for every gap you would have to be a millionaire to correctly use those . 
  every time there 's some nk news i get worried because a nuke would change this world , not just physically . 
  you 're lucky !, 
  none of the major parties in my country actively support lgbt rights . 
  consider yourself lucky . 
  we still fight for those rights . 
  i never said you did . 
  not every country yells in english . 
  why do you think that ? 
  so they bombed themselves to prove they 're superior ? 
  fewer, 
  in our dog 's case i like to imagine it 's her saying `` hey i can hear that too ! '', 
  since she 's almost deaf . 
  ugh ... those people are * the worst * . 
  the best unnecessary announcement system ever . 
  those never should 've been released . 
  why not read them from the beginning ? 
  10 % of the mods suck dick, 
  i 'm at 1.2 billion and it 's still almost impossible to reach, 
  i have a 126 % soul egg bonus , full accounting tricks , 116 % soul food bonus , 1.2 billion soul eggs and i ca n't reach it . 
  wtf ? 
  i had barely enough to discover it !, 
  oh shit , right , i thought this was about the last one . 
  my mistake, 
  at least 2-3 ages . 
  i need a new ice cube album . 
  and a lil jon album . 
  why are you trying to create drama ? 
  this sub is for discussing drama . 
  i want ice cube and lil jon to make a collab album with the chainsmokers . 
  and you 're just being judgemental . 
  nobody said that in this thread . 
  no , it was n't implied , you just really wish it was . 
  i 'll never understand what 's so funny about a photo of a disappointed kid . 
  photos and videos of me when i was a happy kid are the best thing ever . 
  disappointing your kid on purpose is such a parenting fail . 
  wow op you 're really seeing something that is n't there . 
  what a non confrontational , non provoking t-shirt and you still managed to get offended . 
  he did n't do that . 
  you are right about everything . 
  just like trump visiting texas : `` what a great turn out . '', 
  i 'd rather have a new season of reno 911 . 
  awww , you 're triggered :3, 
  i feel like i should report this to someone . 
  if you go to a funeral you 're an idiot . 
  they 're dead . 
  stop reviving the dead . 
  ugh , i hate getting bald and while hating facial hair . 
  these marches always make it look like the terrorists won . 
  instead of going on with their lives they have a huge , organized reaction , giving it even more power . 
  i think the only way to fight against this is to ignore the people who call us childish . 
  it literally does n't matter they see us that way . 
  most of those people have never bought a videogame . 
  it 's clear that paid mods are only a problem to pc gamers because console gamers are actually used to paying for the content they use . 
  it 's like piracy on mobile platforms . 
  most android users would never buy a full priced app , even if it deserved the money .
