  we can wish . 
  uhm ... you do have cops with guns though . 
  * triggered *, 
  it truly is . 
  but at least i have that leaked song kanye bought for yeezus . 
  still listening to that . 
  yep , that one . 
  nah , most people will be just fine with ads . 
  dude it 's flaccid ... 
  op does exactly the same thing . 
  if you mean the cammer then yes . 
  too bad they 're not supposed to do that . 
  they belong in prison . 
  oh honey , you do n't know most of makeup nowadays is waterproof , do you ? 
  i have and they have makeup on , 
  that makes sense . 
  it just striked me as odd that putin is being friends with someone who wants to be part of the eu . 
  sure , buy me a new phone . 
  by denying them business privileges in china i guess . 
  this may be country specific , i can download germany just fine . 
  damn , this site is riddled with pop-up ads . 
  jesus christ people , fuck off . 
  i enjoyed the movie more than the stale marvel shit . 
  unfunny man gets called sexist . 
  the movie was amazing , it deserves all the success . 
  me too !, 
  saw it yesterday and loved it . 
  the joker was especially awesome . 
  just the idea of working makes me sick . 
  some people just do n't want to work . 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
  they must be doing it right if they rustle so many people 's jimmies . 
  i agree . 
  and i would have liked it more if it was like 4 episodes shorter . 
  what ? 
  some places actually have id printers ? 
  in my country it is expected to wait weeks for an id or a driver 's license and the fastest they can do it is in a week for a fee . 
  i do n't . 
  work makes me anxious . 
  anything that used to be fun before turns into a chore when it 's work . 
  what is this thing you call a , um , not being a sarcastic asshole and how do you stop being one ? 
  it might help with sites that detect an adblock this way . 
  just right now it stopped working for me . 
  crashes all the tabs and extensions instantly , ca n't even access settings . 
  it really did n't . 
  i subscribe to their facebook page and the headlines have been the same for a long time before the change . 
  i like it , it 's the only source for casual music news i have . 
  [ lissie - pursuit of happiness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqifzfwmcle ), 
  [ the original by kid cudi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xzu9qqdqww ), 
  i do n't really like the original but i think the cover is great . 
  i see time travel is already possible . 
  what a scumbag , right ? 
  let 's downvote him . 
  here you go . 
  that does n't mean they 're all bad though . 
  yeah i 'm just annoyed that every time this topic comes up everyone shits at all the talks . 
  if people like them then they 're not awful . 
  as someone who speaks english poorly as a 2nd language , this is me with most rappers . 
  a lot of dumb phones had front camera . 
  both of my mid range sony ericssons had one . 
  the same could be said about my z1 compact . 
  jesus fuck can we stop with the circlejerk ? 
  i tried lots of music streaming services and apple music won me over . 
  it has more features than other services . 
  i must say i prefer spotify 's discovery system and the amount of user created playlists but it is n't enough for me . 
  try to tell us which functionalities matter to you so we can compare . 
  it 's awesome but it 's not a new song , it 's a remaster of a 2002 song . 
  but i 'm glad i heard it , now i know she has a new album coming out . 
   gfoty - do n't wana/let 's do it, 
  this song is perfection . 
  yep , this would be amazing . 
  i have the advantage of almost exclusively playing singleplayer games so this has n't affected me . 
  i have fewer people to discuss games with but there still are some . 
  i 've done that several times . 
  yep , mouse cursor always goes to the right edge of the screen . 
  even if it 's supposed to disappear because i do n't want to wait and it might reappear if i bump the table . 
  if i did n't have an ad blocker i would be doing that . 
  yeah but i like that other people do n't because i like watching them . 
  yep , we 're everywhere . 
  they certainly are less boring but the original trilogy feels more authentic . 
  yep . 
  i do n't . 
  ca n't avoid it completely but they air it during the night anyway . 
  i do . 
  yes i have an ad blocker for apps and a special one for youtube . 
  when i go shoe shopping i usually go through like 15 pairs , end up trying 5 of them and actually buying 1 . 
  ca n't do that online . 
  what is that exactly ? 
  is it the thing with cucumbers on your eyes ? 
  i am the same size , i 'd say 70 % of shoes i 'm interested in are offered in this size when i go shopping . 
  it 's because only people like him think it 's a good idea to film this in the first place . 
  if people like him did n't exist we would n't have these videos . 
  they were made for each other . 
  is a decent movie . 
  but i agree as a horror movie hostel is much better . 
  i would n't say i do n't stand for anything , it 's just not based on research of factual information . 
  i need others to `` sell it to me '' . 
  that brings the question - do you really research topics you are opinionated about since you take offense with me not doing so ? 
  i 'll give you an example - i am pro-choice . 
  not because i researched the topic but because i have been convinced by people ( who maybe did , maybe did not ) use convincingly sounding pieces of information to convince me ( this includes articles i read , debates i had ) .
