  samples [ one winged angel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7wj8pe2qku ) from final fantasy vii . 
  i actually do n't know anything about that , i usually do n't care about the origin of my porn . 
  maybe you should  the way some of the guys are built definitely trumps the architecture . 
  only in itunes . 
  you have to force itunes to update your library and then it will upload the music to icloud . 
  i want to see which tracks i 've hearted in playlist and album view . 
  interesting , because apple music does not , it only checks the tags . 
  one that i wo n't participate in . 
  fuck you , you 're what 's wrong with this world . 
  i have huge eyebrows and i definitely want to reduce them one day . 
  it just does n't not look good . 
  i had the circumcision done when i was 17 and honestly i like my dick more . 
  i think cut dicks are more aesthetically pleasing . 
  you do n't because there is n't any . 
  everybody is faking it . 
   room sharing . 
  did n't have my own room until i was like 12 or 14 or something , thought that all siblings shared . 
  i grew up sharing a room with my brother and now i have a roommate in college . 
  i haaaaaate it so much . 
  for some of us it 's just another piece of unnecessary machinery that can be easily replaced by a pot on a stove that you already have . 
  is it really ? 
  for me it just plays in the phone app but it does n't upload . 
  it works but it is n't available for me . 
  it is n't on apple music or youtube so i guess it 's not completely out yet . 
  they actually do n't do that anymore . 
  i started using a seedbox some time ago and i love it . 
  this service i use already lets you access some private trackers so i always find what i need . 
  and there is no limit . 
  this site gets mentioned a lot but the truth is lots of music just is n't there . 
  sometimes even some popular music is missing . 
  i 'm not op but i record the music with audacity . 
  it 's actually faster than looking for it manually and the quality is great . 
  you 're in a piracy subreddit , most people here are kinda shitty by definition . 
  yep . 
  i know it 's not for everyone but i like it more than trying to find a good version on the internet ( when it 's something that is hard to find ) . 
  cool , thanks . 
  apple music has the whole album listed , but you can only listen to the singles . 
  cool , that 's what i wanted . 
  thanks !, 
  love react and love the fine bros. 
  and this is why front plates should be mandatory everywhere . 
  i saw people mention that keep2share is not trustworthy , they allegedly take unauthorized payments from you if you pay with a card . 
  i guess the only way is to pay with some voucher or something like that . 
  almost all of the links you posted are purple for me so i probably already visited them all . 
  i do n't feel like paying for any service that wo n't work properly anymore . 
  i know which ones are reliable and that 's enough . 
  sounds good , but i 'm not really fan of that `` southern imaginary '' they surround themselves with . 
  i actually really like this song . 
  perfection . 
  thanks , those are some really great songs . 
  i do this . 
  it 's because there is so much music that listening to anything you did n't enjoy the first time is a waste of time . 
  i really like the first song , especially the acoustic version . 
  i will definitely look more into frank turner . 
  the second song is ok but i ca n't say i like it that much . 
  and i 've already heard a sailor 's guide to earth before but i wa n't really a fan . 
  i am in the same place as you except my excuse is that i am still losing weight , therefore it 's impossible to be attractive just yet . 
   `` but , i 'm being persecuted because i 'm gay ! '', 
  i must 've missed this part . 
  enable `` download only on wi-fi '' and enable `` use cellular data '' . 
  that does n't work ? 
  when i was moving from spotify to apple music some song were n't available . 
  i solved it by recording them using audacity . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/s5tgs ) is what my settings look like . 
  i have an android though . 
   every cock you suck makes you that much more of a cocksucker . 
  this is the wisdom i needed to hear lol . 
  the only thing you can blame him for is being too cute . 
  you are a paranoid idiot . 
  i hate everyone !, 
  i use veracrypt . 
  [ here ] ( https://veracrypt.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=beginner%27s%20tutorial ) is a simple tutorial . 
  read it and maybe you will like how it works . 
  that 's because he 's poor . 
  usually when someone honks they are trying to warn you that you 're moving in their direction . 
  it 's only rational to stop . 
  he must be fucking kidding him . 
  why are you being an asshole ? 
  he obviously did watch the video . 
  he obviously saw the video , otherwise he would n't know that cammer tried to turn . 
  a wall of bullshit is still bullshit . 
  if you 're stupid enough to not use an ad blocker . 
  that 's not faster . 
  as someone who 's not from the us , this does n't make any sense . 
  why make it so complicated ? 
  this is my thought process . 
  why do it differently ? 
  but why make it so complicated ? 
  this is my thought process . 
  why do it differently ? 
  i hate the goddamn smell . 
  yeah , it seems i have a similar problem . 
  i have n't changed my sheets since january . 
  my motivation is the mirror . 
  i will keep going until i do n't find the reflection repulsive . 
  no , i will never accept this attitude . 
  fuck the haters . 
  you forgot the parental advisory label . 
  maybe it 's because i study engineering but i never do these calculations in my head . 
  not easily .
