  you do n't know their day-to-day life . 
  i will watch some more because the show looks promising but really ... that guy is unbearable . 
  it 's like he was created for people from / r/iamverysmart or / r/justneckbeardthings, 
  / u/niggerfaggot needs to hear this too, 
  [ much better . 
  that 's just impractical . 
  it 's probably all those cheaters who had to buy the game again . 
  should n't you do it the other way ? 
  i watched two episodes and he 's insufferable but the show is fun so i will keep watching and root for the other guy . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  / r/misleadingthumbnails, 
  wrong , it is n't about a right to own firearms . 
  wrong , it is n't about a right to own firearms . 
  this guy gets it . 
  being a dick is the most helpful . 
  i have an acer aspire , they make lots of variants of them . 
  maybe you 'll find one that meets your expectations . 
  mine cost ~ 1 153 usd and it 's a high end one . 
  thanks for hinting the wrong answer . 
  i have an advice for people who reply in this thread - go get help you psychos . 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  it is n't horrible , it was actually pretty fun . 
  me3 had multiplayer ? 
  i completely forgot about that . 
  * if you do n't want to make money off of your video just let anyone use it, 
  yep , i 'll take a compilation over a a single video any day, 
  to me , me multiplayer sounds like torture . 
  i only played the games for the story and anything in between was n't fun . 
  i wish they would 've let me skip the action entirely . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  what they are like behind the wheel shows their true character and exposes them . 
  in this sense driving is like alcohol . 
  some people say it changes you . 
  it does n't . 
  it shows the true you . 
  it still amazes me how many people do n't bother to look over their shoulder when changing lanes . 
  i even heard someone justify it saying `` i ca n't drive straight if i 'm not looking ahead '', 
  wow , the biker shows such bravery, 
  and * the blaming \u2122 * continues ... 
  [ feel me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc8l4oiaz4k ), 
  i just finished the first half of game of thrones and i do n't know if i want to continue . 
  it took me months of switching between reading and listening . 
  how about you ? 
  how far did you get ? 
  a really good movie , i definitely recommend it . 
  freedom to be a dick is there , true enough . 
  maybe they 're trying to tell you something . 
  unfortunately no . 
  this is the reason why i ended up moving away from google music and only use the free version . 
  cool !, 
  it 's been a long time since i defeated that dragon . 
  wow , i wish we had these magical quiet dorms here . 
  we only have one type of dorms . 
  they usually are off campus , there are no ras and there are parties held all over the building several times a week . 
  how are you not cold, 
  it 's an electrotechnical school . 
  i 'll try if i ever meet some . 
  and i probably should have said that all my friends are straight guys . 
  homophobic slurs are thrown around a lot but that 's because it has n't become a taboo in my country yet . 
  but i had no problem after coming out so it 's not that bad . 
  good editing . 
  yeah , you should always phrase your comments not to offend anyone 's fee-fees . 
  i do !, 
  you are absolutely right . 
  i never do that , hearing a movie as a background noise makes me anxious . 
  i have way too many memories of living in a house with a tv constantly on , unable to escape that noise in my own home . 
  i do n't really believe in guilty pleasure . 
  if i enjoy something i do n't feel guilty because of it . 
  if it 's fun then it has more positives than negatives . 
  i barely watch comedies because very few of them are funny to me . 
  even the highly praised ones . 
  and because of that i do n't know how to discover comedies i will like . 
  i am !, 
  i am so glad i did n't see this movie in a cinema , some of the stupid people must have been laughing so hard at some of the autistic people . 
  lol , us is a white guy . 
  huh , your before picture is my goal . 
  losing weight . 
  and i 'll continue doing this until i goddamn float . 
  it really was n't , not his fault everyone freaked out like this . 
  poor guy , ca n't leave him alone . 
  we do have a lot of sexist idiots in this country . 
  ... you 've seen 25 seconds of the whole party . 
  yeah i 'm trying it right now but for some reason it does n't notify me when i try to add movies that are already available in good quality . 
  i think this one is actually pretty mild and not so annoying , definitely justified . 
  everybody left her and she felt so alone . 
  i hope so , i already set up a notification for the new alien , 
  he did n't even use the triangle . 
  i fucking hate tailgaters so much . 
  i 've seen some brake checking here but this was really weak lol . 
  nah , not really . 
  jesus christ cooking is so much work . 
  thank god i learned to eat without it . 
  itt : if i do n't like the music it will sound outdated . 
  i still do . 
  i use a part of the song famous by kanye west . 
  anybody got a mirror ? 
  nvm , found in on vkontakte, 
  some of us see it the other way around . 
  that 's just redditors being redditors , dude . 
  if you used some of the subreddits like / r/makenewfriendshere you would understand more .
