  back then it meant nothing to me , but now it 's the reason why i did n't have to buy the game twice . 
  i must say you guys have it really nice from the point of view of some eastern european countries . 
  even though our wages are way lower , some products cost exactly the same - like games . 
  in a country where 74 % of people earn less than ~ $ 1340/month it 's a bit harder to convince yourself to pay for stuff you can get for free from the internet . 
  the game is finished . 
  it was released . 
  just because you 're not happy with how it turned out does n't mean it 's unfinished . 
  for some of us , this was the first game since the witcher 3 expansions that we were excited for . 
  you ca n't be choosy when you like ( semi ) open world 1st/3rd person rpgs . 
  it 's definitely worth playing . 
  just because some people on the internet freaked out about it does n't mean it is n't . 
  it 's a great game . 
  some people just like to freak out for no reason . 
  so polish people get twice as many points as czechs  it kinda feeds the stereotype about polish drivers . 
  the first pic looks like me when i 'm riding my boyfriend . 
  edit : i wonder if the people asking for photos know i 'm a gay guy . 
  maybe , just maybe , my post was just a joke ? 
  i wonder how much they get for derailing a train in neighboring countries . 
  there are a lot of racists here so of course they will say this is n't trashy even though it is . 
  that 's true . 
  ca n't filter followed playlists . 
  they all appear together with my playlists . 
  oh great , another overreacting mod who needs to express their feelings with flairs . 
  you 're making an unnecessary scene . 
   the women got a long fine, 
  what for ? 
  wow , that 's so fucked up . 
  thank you . 
  45 minutes of hissing . 
  reading this transcript made me feel similar to reading trump 's . 
  what started as a good deed ended as an unnecessary overreaction . 
  he 's not interested , leave him alone !, 
  it 's the car brand 's fault !, 
  while endangering everyone he speeds past . 
  what an inconsiderate asshole . 
  why the fuck is the cammer risking the lives of everyone around him to play police ? 
  car brand 's fault !, 
  car brand 's fault !, 
  cue comments from car `` enthusiasts '' . 
  [ get the deluxe version . 
  according to this logic slave owners were in the right . 
  or she 's not an oversensitive american . 
  this is such a terrible video hosting site . 
  ca n't even pause the video to wait for it to load . 
  i , too , was waiting for him to break the law and cause more problems . 
  he clearly meant the driver , stupid . 
  yeah , wtf ? 
  they also get 24 penalty points . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  you against the world . 
  why do n't you chill out and stop being so overreactive ? 
  i would believe you if you just told him once and carried on . 
  but you kept pushing even after he arrogantly flipped you off . 
  why do that ? 
  for that sweet karma and youtube views you can get from the video ? 
  edit : oh never mind , i saw your video description . 
  you are doing it for the money , lol . 
  whole channel just hoping to get rich . 
  i said you 're hoping to get rich , not that you are . 
  [ your website has been removed from google search results . 
  ] ( https://www.lumendatabase.org/notices/13805680# ), 
  good , i just mentioned it because i did n't see your page in the search results , but found it on the list provided by google . 
  is n't dsg just a type of automatic transmission ? 
  i 'm op and i meant standard auto . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  unfortunately , i 'm stuck in a country where nobody drives an automatic . 
  that 's the appeal for me . 
  i 've never actually driven one , i was just shortly a passenger . 
  this is why i 've already uploaded all his albums to apple music the first time it happened . 
  no it did n't . 
  i 've been using windows 10 at home and at school ever since they released it and it started happening maybe two months ago on all computers simultaneously . 
  i liked it from the beginning . 
  it bounces . 
  after `` investigating it '' i came to a conclusion there was some one time fuck up on apple 's end because all the songs were changed on the same date and time . 
  what also irks me is that sometimes when an album becomes unavailable it disappears from your library and gets replaced by random compilations or ` best of ' types of albums and it creates a mess in your library . 
  i 'm subscribing lol . 
  fuck off you leech . 
  drama queens . 
  it 's actually / r/natureismetal, 
  yep . 
  but i 'll stick with it because i like having my library online and connected to a streaming service . 
  the only competition is google music . 
  no , i 'm basically cornered here . 
  nowhere to run . 
  surely you did n't need to be that condescending . 
  i misread the title and thought it was about the pop-up window that started appearing recently . 
  obviously , it is not and i was wrong . 
  lol, 
  aww , you 're so cute :3, 
  fuck the mods for abusing the flairs, 
  well , your comment is way better . 
  thank you for it . 
  so you 've never heard of google music, 
  it certainly will . 
  a tv show i voluntarily watch should be fun . 
  fun does n't mean funny , 
  * whining intensifies *, 
  itt : dae hate the womenz ?? 
  that 's the thing , we do n't have regular kettles , only the electric ones . 
  so basically god does n't help .
