  you mean the `` ca n't let go and goes into full road rage '' driver ? 
  yeah , that would definitely make sense and the driver would not look like the bigger idiot . 
  i love that smirk . 
  steps on a lego maybe ? 
  the driver is also an idiot , using a recording device manually while driving . 
  it 's so satisfying to hear a favourite song in a random video . 
  maybe they ca n't afford to get their car smashed ? 
  i said the driver would and i am a god , so my word is final . 
  calm down . 
  changing gears does n't distract you and is only for a couple of seconds . 
  some would say shove it up your ass , but ours are already full so i do n't know . 
  not even ounce . 
  old people with money ? 
  i am a god . 
  ok , you clearly ca n't read . 
  he stopped his car and did n't crash , but if he started braking sooner , not only he would n't crash but the car behind him would n't crash into him . 
  yeah , that does n't justify changing lanes without checking your mirror . 
  well ... all i think about is the poor owner of the car , not much justice for him , just more hassle . 
  in my experience , deer will teleport in front of you and then try to kill you with it 's laser eyes . 
  and the driver of the truck probably lost his job . 
  because he could 've prevented it by braking properly and in time . 
  he is not a victim , the guy behind him is . 
  funny how the replies under `` the fat comment '' always have a different vibe . 
  the fph stench is still strong . 
  that 's weird , i wash my hair everyday and it 's an essential part of my showering , why not include that ? 
  no , just no . 
  toast bread is not real bread . 
  hey there bill cosby !, 
  you 're nice . 
  definitely a better person than him . 
  looks like he was listening to a good song and needed to vent this enthusiastically by doing a lap around the car . 
  yeah that is not the reaction you 're supposed to have to de-escalate the situation . 
  honking furiously and getting out of your car to `` lecture '' him was very unnecessary . 
  i am not that brutal in wishful thinking , but i like my mom 's favourite phrase : `` no one is going to stop for you when you end up in a ditch '' . 
  i must say , i was pretty hyped because i knew almost nothing about it . 
  now when i actually updated i 'm like meh , it 's just a slight visual overhaul but basically the same . 
  cat, 
  yes , all the time . 
  i hate people in my country . 
  that 's why i spend so much time on reddit . 
  we are tens of years behind developed countries like us in every aspect . 
  i hate how people think here , unwilling to listen and change , spewing racist and homophobic shit casually . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  i have yet to meet a person that will not look at me funny when i say racism is not okay . 
  fuck this country and especially [ fuck the king ] ( http://www.bystrahyena.cz/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/mildaplavec1-580x306.jpg ) . 
  i hope somebody will nuke this country out of its misery . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  i know he was making fun of my comment sarcastically . 
  czech `` i 'm not racist , but ... '' republic . 
  maybe because it works . 
  where else would you put it ? 
  i updated to 10 and now gtav crashes . 
  does n't even get in-game . 
  how do you end up messaging her anyway ? 
  or do you message her just to lecture her ? 
  petty . 
  well , that first sentence does n't seem like something you would use to start a conversation . 
  why would a guy even open a bathroom garbage can ? 
  we have one at home and i could count the times i opened it on one hand . 
  one can only guess what exactly is frank ocean opening ... 
  does n't that depend on what mood you 're in ? 
  sometimes i feel like watching studio porn , sometimes not . 
  yes . 
  almost every time i tune in it 's rap . 
  i do n't want to listen to rap , that 's what i mostly listen to . 
  i want to discover something new . . 
  yes and not only germany . 
  we like it that way . 
  that only excuses grammar mistakes . 
  that 's not real venice , is it ? 
  how does this `` spraying '' work ? 
  i never had the chance to use the wiper fluid , i began driving just a couple weeks ago . 
  i 'll make sure to be careful about that . 
  i would never use facebook for a happy birthday wish . 
  i also hate doing it in real life , it is meaningless . 
  i understand wishing happy birthday to a really old person ( oh wow you 're so lucky to be alive one more year , good for you ! ), 
  but other than that , why ? 
  i just want to say that not all gay guys feel this way . 
  ... within 24 hours . 
  i would n't count on anything happening until a few hours pass . 
  that 's because they 're legal . 
  that 's because they 're legal . 
  well , you 're nice . 
  you do n't get a fine for having a broken windshield ? 
  what kind of a wonderland do you live in ? 
  eww , who the hell puts anything sweet on a pizza ? 
  sweet fruit . 
  not everyone likes to get their hands messy . 
  fuck you snob . 
  you people exist . 
  i still can not believe it . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  if you want to be really informed you need to invest some serious time in researching the truth . 
  you forgot / r/kotakuinaction ... 
  both sides are guilty of harassment , you ca n't lie your way out of this . 
  i 'm not sitting on links horny to share them . 
  i 've seen the evidence , i did n't archive it . 
  no , you are wrong . 
  i was forced to do team sports and i hated it . 
  i was bad at it .
