  it takes 5 seconds to put it in a calculator . 
  i do n't care about how smart i look to others , i go the easy way . 
  they are popular because they aggregate ddl links which are better than torrents . 
  i love these sites . 
  anonymous for free . 
  do you need a slap ? 
   we were the only ones who came to help ... btw, 
  why would anyone else come to help when there already are several people ? 
  yes , this is exactly it . 
  it takes some time to become comfortable with my own reflection but i am steadily getting there . 
   in contrast , look at how much harsher a chat ui with more pointed corners looks . 
  if someone rode past me i would wave and smile at them . 
  you never know with the idiots in this sub . 
  some want you to speed up when honked at , some want you to step on the brakes . 
  which is it ? 
  but your `` intent '' looks like you 're brake checking them . 
  ... and cammer enables him and then cuts the video because he does n't want us to see the hypocrisy that followed . 
  downvote if you want sanders to become president . 
  downvote if you think / u/minobull has a 5 year old sister named molly . 
   being able to fit on a rollercoaster with a wheel of cheese, 
  the dream, 
  damn op , you really need to justify stealing to yourself so much to not feel bad about it , right ? 
  just admit it , you 're a thief . 
  honestly , i have no idea how to actually be helpful but i will share my opinion anyway . 
  my taste gets broader every year . 
   mr. clean, 
  oh , is that how you call mr. 
  proper in the us ? 
  interesting . 
  that is , of course , your experience that is n't true to everyone . 
  this is what i tell myself every day . 
  oh no , my life is in ruins now !, 
  i am not agender , my preferred pronouns are actually he/him . 
  the reason why there is no advice in the comments is because there is nothing you can do about it . 
  i have this bug too , i bypass it by searching the band on wikipedia and then searching for specific albums in itunes . 
  am i the only one who thought this would be a story where op and someone else are watching a tape and when op 's former fat self appeared he wanted to skip that part ? 
  born this way cover art is so ugly . 
  i need to find some fan made alternative so i can replace it in apple music . 
  true , i usually listen to the regular version because i do n't like the remixes at all . 
  i did n't try anything because there is nothing to try . 
  you ca n't change the way you think . 
  born to die is gorgeous , 
  i do n't think that 's gon na happen , we 're basically invisible . 
  no , i still think his videos are good entertainment . 
  was n't that frank underwood ? 
  they let people drive that with no special license in the us ? 
  damn . 
  well , you had a different problem than me . 
  i do n't talk to people because i do n't want to bother them . 
  if i 'm in a car with someone , chances are i know that person very well . 
  i do n't have a problem with talking to people i know well . 
  you go to parties ? 
  you have nothing to worry about . 
  if you have the confidence to go to a party every other issue is not real . 
  that thing about manipulating searches is disgusting . 
  i 'm really interested in what they 're planning to do next . 
  those pe classes though ... 
  a post like this is also a shitpost . 
  especially overweight old people . 
  they are usually the most vocal about it - commenting on my weight loss method , etc. 
  just yesterday my dad told me that i 'm going to develop diabetes because he found out i had breakfast at 7:00 and lunch at 15:00 with nothing between . 
  apparently not eating every two hours is bad fo you !, 
  i wonder why i 'm the one losing weight and he 's the one complaining . 
  margarine is not evil and lower calorie than butter . 
  my mom joined me and seems really happy that she discovered a method that * actually works * ( cico ) . 
  she 's counting and working out to jillian michaels videos . 
  i 'm really happy for her . 
  my dad is in the phase of ridiculing us because of his own weight insecurities . 
  i 'm so looking forward to him telling me i 'm too skinny , it will be a sign i 'm * almost * there , 
  brother , on the other hand , is trying to gain weight but he is eating less than i do now when i 'm losing weight . 
  he 's actually at my goal weight ( we 're basically the same height ) but wants to gain and work out . 
  currently , he does * neither * . 
  some friends noticed and were generally supportive . 
   i feel like people on here `` get it '' in 99.99 % of cases . 
  this is what i like about this sub as well . 
  from threads couple years older it seems it was n't always like this . 
  ketoers ruled the sub and cicoers were often ridiculed . 
  why is it sad ? 
  maybe he actually likes make up ? 
  i wonder why people are reacting so harshly to the article ? 
  yes . 
  and as i understand it / r/all is mostly referred to as `` the front page '' because it is * the * front page everyone has in common . 
  / r/all can be actually really good but it takes some time , the filtering . 
  i managed to filter most straight porn , bully and far right subreddits and am quite happy with the result . 
   the social aspect, 
  how does that work ? 
  all the bookstores i know have tiny aisles and books piled in a way that makes it impossible to find anything . 
  they are impractical , heavy , smelly and damageable . 
  do n't we all ? 
  i wish books went extinct , it just takes too much space . 
  why are you reacting in such a passive-aggressive way ? 
  something tells me this thread is full of irrational hate of vegans . 
  the tiny isles make it impossible to stand there and read the description of every book that looks interesting . 
  other people would like to go through . 
  there is only time to grab what you need . 
  another passive-aggressive response . 
  just because there is always a way does n't mean it 's a good idea to go that way . 
  living in a homeless shelter might not be better than living with an inconsiderate family . 
  sounds like a reasonable person . 
  ah here we go , the normal police at it again .
