  i 'm telling you it runs well now . 
  any gaming pc would run it at 60 fps no problem , i have a laptop . 
  i was surprised as well . 
  happy , though , because the game is still fun and i really like the driving and vehicle damage . 
  that 's kinda the problem since this is how i listen to music by default . 
  ca n't get into them anyway . 
  but i still listen to all the music when they release it . 
  i like it when i enjoy music others do too . 
  my question was more about mafia being considered poorly optimized and the observation that the game does n't really scale down graphics properly and if there is a connection between the two . 
  more likely they hate their life but nobody is going to write about that . 
  it really is . 
  no , i do n't want her next album to be boring . 
  well that 's how i listen to all music . 
  it depends on what your priorities are and which features you consider vital . 
  that 's why i wo n't come back to spotify . 
   relapse-tier content, 
  lol not even close . 
  relapse is his best after-comeback album . 
  this does n't even compare . 
  i feel really bad for her . 
  not because of the money but the invasion of privacy of her home . 
  i purposefully do n't but these ` male ' products . 
  they usually do n't smell good . 
  relapse-tier in terms of flow and enjoyableness , not the content of lyrics . 
  i do n't care about the lyrics , i care about how it sounds . 
  voice is just another instrument and he does n't know how to play it anymore . 
  you sure showed him !, 
  a true hero !, 
  we ca n't really tell , might have been manual . 
  emergency brake ? 
  lol good luck with that, 
  it might be a manual . 
  ah , even though are are right the circlejerk went against you . 
  i do n't use a washing machine , i prefer to have more control . 
  another way of saying `` shut the fuck up . '', 
  could you possibly show us what happened after ? 
  not tell us , show us . 
  not with that sun . 
  oh here we go ... 
  he 's just doing the same thing the cyclist is doing . 
  [ not the first epic movie . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/02/epicmovieposter.jpg ), 
  i 'm not the cammer but i agree he drives too fast . 
  i do n't know what happened to him . 
  on relapse his flow was perfect but after that it slowly went to shit . 
   [ if you like dolph ] ( http://www.thefamouspeople.com/profiles/images/adolf-hitler-33.jpg ), 
  this reminds me of girl talk . 
  listening to his mixes is like getting blue balled over and over . 
  those are the tiniest of villages in our country . 
  you do n't have to drive through them if you do n't live there but this guy does food deliveries to old people usually in these odd locations . 
  it makes me feel bad for my mom seeing how her calorie limit is always so much lower . 
  the first stronghold . 
  after some time playing it turns out that even the nonhd version has a problem with alt + tabing so i will play the hd version . 
   i just prefer to explore on my own, 
  yep , this . 
  if someone tried to `` introduce '' me to new artists there is no chance i would enjoy it , even if there is a chance of me liking it . 
  there 's something about being told to do something that irks me . 
  most of my friends only listen to certain genres , or maybe even subgenres and anything that deviates from that they just automatically dismiss . 
  johnny ? 
  that song is one of her best ones . 
  not her fault people ca n't appreciate good music . 
  i still listen to that album regularly . 
  so good . 
  ever since then i ca n't listen to her music . 
  sound of reason in the sea of clowns . 
  be a good friend and leave him alone . 
  maybe do n't ever speak to him again , he does n't need `` friends '' like you . 
  yep , me too . 
  i hate the futuristic stuff . 
  now you 've revealed yourself . 
   step one - gain some confidence, 
  where 's the button ? 
  thing is , if you 're socially awkward you literally have to treat interactions with other people like you are playing a game because you are n't being sincere ,, 
  damn , you sound pretty judgmental . 
  he 's better off never showing up at your doorstep . 
  and if he does it will be the last time . 
  * if you 're a fan of his music, 
  some of us play these games only for the campaign so it definitely was worth it . 
  bf1 is way more appealing than any of the games you mentioned , no matter how good the campaign is . 
  that 's pretty useless since it is n't available for download at 99 % places people frequent . 
  especially not the people who abuse the downvote button . 
  but your spine wo n't tingle, 
  ok so in event viewer there are over 5,000 events marked as error just from today starting approximately at the time when the freezes began . 
  some of them ( some parts are in czech because of my system language ) :, 
  dcom got error `` 1084 '' attempting to start the service shellhwdetection with arguments `` nen\u00ed k dispozici '' in order to run the server :, 
  dcom got error `` 1084 '' attempting to start the service wsearch with arguments `` nen\u00ed k dispozici '' in order to run the server :, 
  they look like this , mostly it mentions the ` wsearch ' service but sometimes there are others but the message usually looks the same . 
  so brave, 
  some watch it for the sport , some for the musical performance and some just want to watch the commercials  thanks, 
  [ you mean panoramix ? 
  how dare you ? 
  potplayer does n't have malware , the problem is somewhere else . 
  it sucks . 
  did you download any skins maybe ? 
  another attention seeker . 
  the way the player looks, 
  that is not true , a real antivirus is still reasonable . 
  wrong !, 
  the album is just so much fun to me . 
  wait , is this why has my laptop been freezing lately ?
