  got it . 
  are you seriously saying it 's acceptable ? 
  it 's fucked up . 
  til there is a thing called paper seat liner . 
  across the world ? 
  yeah , it 's probably some stupid joke or meme . 
  only if you like right wing cartoons . 
  let 's spread this overreaction even more . 
  lol can you give us examples of those alternative news sources ? 
  i 'm really interested in that . 
   are you actually knew to hip hop ? 
  lmao all the vic apologists in this thread, 
  poor gun lovers !, 
  it really is n't . 
  you could say that about anything that involves accidents . 
  i 'm glad you like it . 
  eli5 for someone who only knows a channel vehicle virgins exists ? 
  not anymore lol, 
  wow , that 's the price of a nice new car in my country . 
  ffs i almost thought a sub with male nudity finally got to the front page and then i see this ... 
  i wish this happened to every smoker who throws cigarettes on the ground . 
  and it 's not reddit 's doing . 
  oh god . 
  this depends on how you set it . 
  if you already have your hand on the mouse it 's easier to use it . 
  why would you resize a window clicking anywhere else but the middle ? 
  wtf ? 
  you do n't click nowhere near the x when you want to resize a window . 
  i agree , it 's a bug and the people belittling the problem are a bit slow . 
  bad design . 
  that 's a user error on your end . 
  no , it depends on how you set it . 
  my heart stopped when i missed the non part for a second . 
  i kinda like it . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  you 're a treat . 
  it does n't make sense to use this overused joke here, 
  i 'm writing from the future , they did n't reboot it . 
  yeah . 
  it feels more like a reboot or something . 
  that 's a really bad analogy . 
  i also ca n't find it ... 
  what a jerk . 
  lmao i fucking lost it when that thing fell out of his hands . 
  it just gets better and better . 
  someone could n't handle they were the product of a bean . 
  does anyone have experience with transferring saves from the cpy version of mass effect andromeda to a bought copy ? 
  i 'm really considering buying the game but only if i can transfer my saves and continue from there . 
  right now there is n't any competition . 
  i 'm kinda tired of the cpy overlords . 
  are n't these the weakest enemies ? 
  i play narrative and it can still be tough for me , so do n't worry . 
  i was so fucking scared flying to that thing . 
  it almost felt like driving down one of the holes on elaaden . 
  true . 
  i 'm also always skeptical of all the lone satellites orbiting planets nobody lives on . 
  that 's what i was worried about , i thought i remembered some prompt to connect with some bioware service when i started the game . 
  i found mine . 
  it was the one in the northern part of kadara . 
  it was inaccessible to me because i needed to advance the main story to get to it . 
  who cares , he 's hot . 
  i 'd shoot the twin sister for him . 
  i do n't remember ot characters that much so i 'm gon na say cora . 
  i did that on the moon because i did n't know how to get on tempest if i could n't exit nomad . 
  took me a while to figure it out . 
  i 'm pecking up on something . 
  i always delay main quests and complete all the side quests first . 
  that must be it . 
  i almost never choose the casual responses because they seem out of place or outright rude . 
  i do n't get this hate on tann . 
  i found myself mostly agreeing with him . 
  i still get extremely emotional just watching me3 ending on youtube . 
  although , this sadness happens to me with most games i spend tens of hours on . 
  dragon age . 
  mass effect . 
  the witcher . 
  i hope cora does . 
  i do n't want her on my ship . 
  i was pretty disappointed with this because the driving around reminded me of borderlands a lot . 
  wait , your companions can die ? 
  why the fuck is another with hunt on / r/all ? 
  that 's pretty weird . 
  what about a sentence like `` everyone but jack liked the movie . '' ? 
  english is my second language and this is pretty confusing . 
  i 'll have to remember it as a phrase . 
  just like i had to memorize 12am and 12pm . 
  yes , the fact that he 's anti-krogan is definitely off-putting . 
  although i must say , i 'm a bit careful about krogans myself . 
  their aggressiveness does often become a problem . 
  not kesh though , i still remember thinking she was a guy with a high voice . 
  instantly became one of my favourite krogans . 
  is n't that because the game is made for humans ? 
  i would n't mind that at all . 
  i just want to know the answers . 
  am i the only one who is n't bothered by these sam comments at all ? 
  it 's just ambient noise to me , and quite a pleasant one at that . 
  yes , i know , but it really does n't bother me . 
  i kinda like sam 's voice . 
  yep , totally aladeen . 
  the council was fucking unbearable .
