  they might be . 
  but it all depends on what they are , where they are and how many there are . 
  that could be a weak excuse at best . 
  edit : see responses to this comment for another excuses . 
  use this to count proper amount of calories . 
  you are way over your maintenance limit . 
  wow , he even implies that if you are in a relationship you 're required to breed . 
  for me it shows very similar values . 
  i like my monotypes better . 
  oh my god that hurts so much , please do n't torture him and buy him a nose hair trimmer . 
  he actually describes himself pretty well in his own post - he 's looking to date a fantasy he 's created in his mind . 
  only the racist idiots though . 
  not being on spotify was n't the reason they sold as much as they did ... 
  no , you are being paid to promote the software . 
  it works but i am not willing to pay that insane price . 
  hopefully not . 
  i think it 's questioning . 
  such is life in syria . 
  yep . 
  that 's why i use different playlists based on how fast i need to get to my destination . 
  heaten . 
  i do n't listen to the radio so no . 
  i still do but not as much . 
  it 's because now i do n't have to download the whole album so there is nothing forcing me to give it at least one listen . 
  i reserve it to albums i 'm actually looking forward to . 
  ugh i did that once but it poured water into my ears . 
  not recommend . 
  it 's common sense to close your eyes when you 're washing your head . 
  especially if she ran away with a child that wanted to be with you . 
  wait , you can tell the difference ? 
  i literally ca n't tell if it has sugar or something else . 
  all the three types of coke taste the same to me . 
  no she is n't doing it wrong . 
  you are . 
  edit : nevermind , you 're a troll . 
  i admit you got me . 
  thanks , tagging him right away . 
  i actually tried it but it seems it relies on data being on . 
  i have been using [ screen filter ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haxor ) since forever and it still works perfectly . 
  it so easy when you 're used to reddit is fun . 
  there simply is no other like it . 
  [ this particular call recorder ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skvalex.callrecorder ) is expensive but works absolutely flawlessly . 
  i use it but i would n't pay the full price . 
  signal is the best , i use it as an sms app and still love it . 
  * anything with shit/piss, 
  * anything involving feet, 
  * anything painful, 
  * all that latex stuff, 
  * anything that puts my health in danger, 
  you do n't belong on the road . 
  edit : see further proof in responses . 
  it sounds to me like they are n't actually flirting with you but consider you a close friend . 
  thank god . 
  now please make this happen in all the states . 
  if it seems everybody but you is an asshole ... 
  i upvoted all of your posts . 
  all the bitchy idiots can choke on their lack of reddiquette . 
  it 's not a good idea to go just because you hear a random honking . 
  yeah , no , you 're not going to remember that when reacting to traffic . 
  why the fuck do i have you tagged as `` profamity cammer '' ? 
  drifting ability ? 
  it looks like they spun out . 
  so the traffic stops because people need to fucking stare . 
  i agree she should n't have been using her phone but i disagree about the honking . 
  i will never understand why people get so angry about this . 
  who cares ? 
  if the cammer went around the roundabout there would be no issue . 
  and no contact !, 
  if my parents went away and left me at home they would surely check with me at least once a day !, 
  a week without any contact ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  there should be russia instead of the us . 
  oh my god , not curse words !, 
  well it is n't like men are n't emotional , we 're just expected to have a different kind of emotions . 
  anger makes you just as emotional as crying does . 
  so force them to stay with the old uneducated fucks ? 
  well she looks like anne frank so ... 
  ah , another idiot comparing the two . 
  this is just another gardening conspiracy . 
  why ? 
  because a blowjob is inhumane ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you have no idea how that letter 's pronounced . 
  because some redditors are idiots . 
  i collected at least four of them this year . 
  really sad . 
  love it . 
  or just filter the subreddit . 
  true , i honestly also usually do n't browse reddit before whatching the newest episode . 
  so brave , you should get a medal . 
  well i ca n't say i agree . 
  i drank mostly water for the past 5 months but all the sweet drinks will taste the same to me . 
  it 's easier to go back to water though . 
  i never understood this , how is the caffeine in coke even noticeable ? 
  i never feel any different after drinking coke . 
  the only time i felt a difference with caffeine was when i drank a day quota of caffeine in one mug of coffee . 
  it was either my cousin who exposed me to local rappers or mom 's friend 's husband who used to give me burnt cds with random music if i asked him to . 
  no because you can only listen to it within the app . 
  i would , he 's cute . 
  i went from 220 to 174lbs in the last five months thanks to counting calories . 
  still have some 20lbs to go but it is nice knowing i have it figured out .
