  we do n't have the same `` bus culture '' you do . 
  this was 100 % the child 's fault . 
  i sincerely hope that in the future phones will be able to recognize you 're in a car and only let you call emergency numbers until you turn off the engine . 
  i mean it 's funny , but it 's not because they hold them in captivity . 
  i actually love the way it 's done . 
  the guy you replied to never claimed this was a repost . 
  the godfather . 
  god , what a horribly boring narcissistic piece of overrated cinema . 
  i decided to do this . 
  i still need to decide if i 'm going to fully transition to the new account or just use it for work related stuff . 
  i did just that . 
  google apparently allows switching between emails so i will have two - one for professional and personal communication and the other one for the rest . 
  what show is this ? 
  what show is this from ? 
  i thought it looked like the office . 
  actually , it 's about ethics in games journalism . 
  travel safe pupper !, 
  thanks , i might check it out . 
  i 'm still not financially independent . 
  yep , this is also a huge point . 
  i 'm used to consuming tons of content . 
  really ? 
  i thought that even when you successfully ripped a game you still had to download a crack for it . 
  i do n't want to do that . 
  itt : fuck everyone . 
  ok i will try that , let 's see how many games work this way . 
  no , just polite . 
  lol , someone is salty . 
  my grandfather still has them . 
  they shit all over the place !, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  my mom does n't even understand english and she also exercises to her videos . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  this was the first rihanna album i have no desire to hear again . 
  that 's ... a rather quick and uninformed judgement . 
  aww someone is mad , 
  actually , a well done steak is the correct way . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  because they like to feel superior over stupid things . 
  see ? 
  everyone agrees you suck . 
  do you always need to feel superior over * food * ? 
  this spam is always guaranteed to appear . 
  who 's `` they '' ? 
  your statement is not true then . 
  and he does n't . 
  no it is n't an user error . 
  the game sucks for someone who just wants to play and not fuck around . 
  it does suck , but people do n't want to admit it because they spent money on it . 
  ... calm down , nobody is trying to hurt you, 
  game of thrones is the only thing i 'm excited for these days . 
  nothing else brings me joy anymore . 
  can you try that on me ? 
  i need a reality check, 
  i like to cook simple meals that are done in less than 20 minutes and do n't require any skills . 
  mostly it 's spaghetti with cheese . 
  or eggs . 
  scrambled eggs is probably where my cooking skills ( and will ) end . 
  i am one of those people who fail constantly . 
  i suck at this game but i 'm trying . 
  it will take a long time to learn . 
  oh right , something like this actually happened to me today . 
  it 's the first lamar mission where we pretend to be two different gangs and the player who 's supposed to be pretending to be the other gang starts shooting at me because he mistakes me for an enemy . 
  continues to do so for some time before he realizes what he 's doing . 
  jesus fuck people , why are you downvoting op ? 
  do n't you see how that makes you look ? 
  seriously , what the fuck ? 
  exactly , we should n't state neither as a fact . 
  i personally would n't do that . 
  i try to avoid eye contact as much as possible and if i accidentally look someone in the eyes i quickly look away . 
  it is legit . 
  the reason why they can afford to offer free vpn is because the data is limited in the free version . 
  it seems to be working fine . 
  i know , the reason why i wanted a free vpn was because i do n't want it for privacy reasons , only to unlock the content . 
  yeah , yesterday i played it a lot . 
  i just wish the loading times were n't so long . 
  i mean , you did n't even read the article i linked in my post ... 
  why is there only the possibility of the daughter uploading ? 
  yep , always hated it , still hate it . 
  makes me want to puke . 
  if i want to get drunk , i want to get drunk fast . 
  so i usually end up drinking plum brandy or vodka . 
  it was not the only meal i ate today . 
  not every meal is going to have 100 % of needed nutrients . 
  stop screaming you immature child . 
  everybody , make sure to scream at op what she should do !!!!!, 
  that 's the only way to express yourselves !!!, 
  first of all , stop lying about it not containing any nutrients , that 's just completely false . 
  just because it 's not your favorite food does n't mean it 's not healthy . 
  it 's one of three meals i had today . 
  you were lying , i called you out . 
  you also attacked me with you comment so i politely responded . 
  maybe try being less hostile to people ? 
   not reaching the fda 's recommended daily intake, 
  guess i 'm gon na die soon , huh ? 
  not my government , not my problem . 
  you want me to eat food that has all the nutrients every time ? 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  and you downvoted me . 
  pathetic .
