  at the concert , i 'd have to * stand * and probably * move * a little bit . 
  plus the anxiety from being around people ... not worth it . 
  maybe one day if i have someone to go with me . 
  i 'm still hopeful . 
  although , we had stannis . 
  he 's always been kind of a * dick * lately , if that counts . 
  yeah , makes it easier to filter them out . 
  and mine . 
  finally a subreddit i can enrich with my creation !, 
  he was right . 
  you 're a sips fan , are n't you ? 
  he actually reminded me of bill burr 's last stand-up , where he 's making a similar sound . 
  thanks to people like you i will remember this way longer . 
  it 's perfectly fine . 
  i hope so . 
  drinking affects others you know , especially when you live with other people . 
  not everybody needs to hear the drunks coming home every day . 
  and every one of them has the same excuse , `` it 's just today , not like we make noise every day '' . 
  yeah , not you , but there 's someone new every day . 
  it 's related to politics . 
  simple as that . 
  yeah , no . 
  you 're equating europeans with european politicians . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  you mean people who dress differently than you ? 
  yep . 
  i saw it yesterday and the children there made a 3d movie feel like a 4d . 
  i felt like i actually was in an overcrowded , loud and messy entertainment park . 
  it 's ok though , they were mostly quiet during the tenser scenes . 
  why are you giving attention to this minority ? 
  is there a longer version ? 
  preferably at least 10 hours long ? 
  fooooooooooooooooooooound [ it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcx-8udky3m ) !, 
  it seems to me you have a problem with hypocritical feminists , rather than rape yaoi . 
  it 's not about the gore . 
  it 's the * violence * - the assistant being eaten alive , the guy in the helicopter being pierced by a pterodactyl ... 
  i have thought about it before and i think it would n't be a problem if you have n't undergone the bottom surgery . 
  i know that sounds close-minded , but that 's how i feel for now . 
  huh , in my country it had an equivalent rating of g. no restrictions . 
  that 's ... disappointing . 
  i did n't notice it at all . 
  she 's my facourite character in the show . 
  i hate what she does , but i love how she does it . 
  if you keep insulting people , nobody will take you seriously . 
  thanks for caring enough to reply . 
  it 's a goddamn dinosaur movie dude , after 14 years of no real dinosaur movies , what do you expect ? 
  that 's the `` beauty '' of material design . 
  all i see are idiots replying to a confused person . 
  no i assure you there are many people who enjoyed all jp movies . 
  i actually like the first and second equally , just for slightly different reasons . 
  the third one is a fun and entertaining movie , just not as much as the previous two . 
  i want more jp movies and i do n't care you care so much . 
  that 's nice , but since gm does n't have all music , we might as well stick with shazam and similar apps . 
  at least it 's not as bad as the spotify redesign ... 
  i had the opposite happen . 
  i started as straight , then realized bisexuality and eventually i started leaning towards guys more and more until there was n't much of bisexuality left . 
  oh my , it even has a [ definition on urbandictionary ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=madturbate ) . 
  the thing is , i have * types * . 
  there are certain characteristics i like in guys , but some are contradictionary . 
  well , here you go . 
  i 'd say between the age of 12 and 15 . 
  exactly !, 
  so she might grow up to be mocked for no good reason by strangers on the internet ? 
  this actually scares me a bit , ` cos i do n't want to be straight :(, 
  what the hell , mark hamill used to be really hot !, 
  it does n't . 
  i did it today . 
  i just turned it off and went back to bed , slept for two more hours . 
  i always drink before bed and wake up with full bladder . 
  even though it 's uncomfortable , it 's not enough to make me get out of bed for couple more hours . 
  * sigh *, 
  your goddamn right . 
  search with keywords . 
  java games were an essential part of my growing up . 
  i still plan on buying a phone that supports java games so i can fully enjoy them again !, 
  so you feel threatened by not everything being about your sexuality which is accepted worldwide and therefore does n't need to be celebrated ? 
  how does promoting equality promote inequality at the same time ? 
  that 's disappointing . 
  there 's no way to play them efficiently without physical buttons . 
  not sure about him , but others seem to be triggered enough to click that downvote button next to his comment . 
  i use the [ videodeck ] ( https://youtube.videodeck.net/ ) . 
  lets you create your own feeds and even marks watched videos . 
  what does a screenshot of text have to do with tumblr ? 
  why justice ? 
  you guys are salty as fuck . 
  i guess memes are the new mature now ? 
  stop giving him attention then ? 
  i would n't say that , but letting your kids to `` explore the house '' seems a bit extreme to me . 
  that kid has no business exploring relatives ' bedroom . 
  what if the parents turned into a helicopter and flew away ? 
  having a kid does n't make you better at parenting ... 
  i would n't say abuse , but how can anyone enjoy their child screaming in terror ? 
  exactly . 
  therefore , our insights are equal . 
  * anyone * capable of reproducing can have a child . 
  also experience does n't make you a good parent , it can cause you to pick up some bad habits if you 're not confronted by other people . 
  just like some drivers think of themselves as experienced , but in reality they 're making other drivers ' life a living hell . 
  i wish all these beautiful players somehow supported google music . 
  no need to defend , you 're not doing anything wrong . 
  only for mtfs ?
