  the thing is i always think of this when i 'm about to greet someone but it feels wrong to lie . 
  forced conversation starters like this are the worst . 
  heh , i tried tinder a week ago . 
  i got a match . 
  there is no way i 'm messaging the guy . 
  nice app though . 
  do you know her ? 
  i would personally never accept friendship requests from people i do n't know already . 
  oh fuck off with your peaches . 
  this . 
  if you 've ever been in a relationship you do n't understand . 
  oh i 'm so mad . 
  do n't you know that typing a comment signals anger ? 
  also passive aggressive smiles   , 
  they are n't as careful with the phone as you are . 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  i had many phones but managed to damage exactly none of them . 
  just watch them and look how they handle the phone , how firmly they hold it , if they play with it or not ( and how ) , if they put it in places you never would ... 
  they 'll try to deny it but the truth is that if you managed to destroy or badly damage at least one phone you are not careful with it . 
  it 's nice to have something to look back at . 
  not everyone has photos of them . 
  i have this with my double chin . 
  it just does n't go away . 
  i 'll just keep losing weight until it is n't there . 
  the feeling of having it is just too disgusting . 
  hard to say , i set my goal to 70kg ( 154lbs ) and i 'm at 86 now . 
  it 's not a firm goal though , i will just keep going until my double chin is gone . 
  i try to stick to 1350 and some people still tell me it 's not enough for me , 
  i do n't need to lose as much as he does though . 
  is n't it a bit insane to say that a human being ca n't make a decision about their own death ? 
  that 's some catch-22 bullshit . 
  listening to what ? 
  edit : nevermind , you 're racist . 
  that explains your comment . 
  hey , i love to spread stereotypes about drivers of certain brands too !, 
  give me a kiss !, 
  yes . 
  typical human driver . 
  oh i 'm so sorry , i did n't know you hang out with black people , that makes you totally not racist !, 
  sorry , my bad !, 
  because he 's cute and i 'm disgusting . 
  it 's either a fake account or he swiped right by accident . 
  i only have one photo there and no other information . 
  ah , nice try but you 're still racist . 
  just keep spinning it baby , that 's how you roll . 
  i also post gifs when i do n't know what to say . 
  you never showed disgust towards the genre , why would i think you 're racist ? 
  now we 're talking !, 
  but to confirm you must also state your opinion on the black lives matter movement , malcolm x , cultural appropriation , affirmative action , interracial relationships and obama . 
  you know , just to be sure . 
  well , if you ever feel like it we can complete the test and then do some others . 
  i can test you for all kinds of phobias , i got my diploma at the sjw university of feefees , triggerado . 
  this is the type of a honest mistake everyone does in their life . 
  surprisingly that is not a german word . 
  except for some reason this comment got downvoted even though mostly such comments are upvoted . 
  probably because the target of the circlejerk is not a luxury car . 
  see ? 
  the hypocrites on this subreddit downvoted you because you targeted the wrong brand . 
  if it was a luxury vehicle you would be at least the second most upvoted . 
  i do n't always use the word faggot but when i do i 'm referring to motorcyclists acting like pink dildos . 
  you mean the whole douche-squad . 
  the least useful organ donors you will ever have the pleasure to see flying into a tree . 
  double chin car at fault . 
  i was hoping it could mean something like `` to delicately eat '' or something like that but nope . 
  it 's about to be a. . girlfight !, 
  [ now keef . 
  ] ( http://www.xxlmag.com/files/2014/02/chief-keef.jpg ), 
  driving a barely visible manchild toy is such a better idea . 
  like in football ? 
  see , i would 've never noticed he was a cop . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  your edit confused me a little  i used to know german so i also recognized the `` essen '' part . 
  do n't blame the driver , blame his 360 \u00b0 blind spot !, 
  but lane splitting is legal and totally ok !, 
  let me guess ... it 's the car brand 's fault ? 
  this is one of the most brutal compilations i 've ever seen . 
  and apparently it 's not just japan . 
  they said that because they were forced to by the police and mental health `` professionals '' . 
  anecdotal evidence . 
  who has n't ? 
  is n't it kinda normal to want all your problems gone with a simple solution ? 
  one person said that . 
  you ca n't throw around a single quote trying to make everyone believe this is what every suicidal person is thinking . 
  this shit makes me so angry . 
  a person ca n't even make the decision to end their life without being put on medication . 
  seriously what the fuck ... 
  who are you to tell other people what is natural and what is not ? 
  who the fuck do you think you are ? 
  this . 
  the brainwashing is real . 
  they put you on meds and force you to think you are n't able to consent to suicide . 
  insane . 
  some people say you ca n't expect someone to love you if you do n't love yourself . 
  that practically means i am never getting in a relationship . 
   post anything related to car accidents . 
  i read the rules , the rule n. 1 says anything related to car accidents ... 
  i do n't know what the problem is ... 
  i did n't come here to argue , i came here to share content . 
  if this is how you run this subreddit i am no longer interested . 
  it 's annoying if i obey the rules and the mod on a power trip decides to change the rules just to fuck with me .
