  nice community you got here . 
  i 'm just sick and tired of people overreacting to this nonsense all over reddit . 
  i just want to watch the content , i am not interested in the drama . 
  thank you kind stranger , i will remember you fondly as well . 
  farewell . 
  i seriously ca n't tell , which one of them is the fat guy ? 
  i thought it was the one on the right but he is smiling . 
  earl is cute in his own way . 
  i do n't know about others but i uploaded tlop to apple music the day it was released and been streaming it ever since . 
  je to debil !, 
  do n't you need a special licence to drive something this big ( or heavy ) ? 
  i know there are different types of driver 's licences but i do n't know if they apply to the truck in the video . 
  i certainly hope you ca n't rent [ this ] ( http://www.pensketruckrental.com/moving-trucks/26-foot-truck/ ) with a regular licence . 
  wow , i have never had any butter flavored popcorn that would have so much butter in it . 
  i guess this is not the type you put in a microwave ? 
  i never had a different type . 
  your teeth must hate you . 
  taking pictures in a public bathroom is creepy as fuck . 
  the actor has a really annoying head . 
  / r/tumblrinaction or / r/kotakuinaction are also good ( at least that 's what it looks like to an outsider ) . 
  here is what i do :, 
  copy the music files i want to upload in a different folder . 
  because i do n't want am to manage the originals ( but it 's not necessary ) . 
  drag and drop the files in the my music tab . 
  either wait or go to file -  library -  update library ( assuming you 're on pc ) . 
  in the right upper corner there will be the a spinning circle that indiates the music is being recognized and eventually uploaded . 
  during this process the songs will have a cloud icon with a dotted line next to them . 
  after the songs are uploaded or matched the icon will disappear ( and the spinning circle ) . 
  now you should be able to stream the music from all your devices with apple music . 
  you can also right click the album and choose to delete the local files ( if you created a separate copy ) to save space . 
  i recommend properly tagging all of the music unless you want to mess up your library ( album artist is very important info to fill up ) . 
  additional info [ here ] ( https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht204925 ) and [ here . 
  ] ( https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht203564 ), 
  exactly this . 
  i used to be self-conscious about putting a t-shirt on because i was doing it differently than other kids but i later realized it did n't matter . 
  i know he 's not conventionaly attractive but i actually do find him cute . 
  this movie is definitely worth it , as a horror fan i loved it . 
  it looks and sounds so beautiful . 
  right , that makes sense . 
  i never buy food at the theater so i would n't know . 
  now i feel lucky that my parents thought that sugar was the devil and did n't want us to eat anything that contained any significant amounts of it . 
  i 'm 21 and i can kinda sympathise with your son . 
  i 've been like this ever since i can remember , but i always kept it to myself . 
  now i know the stuff i 'm afraid of is n't real , but the rational aspect of my thinking goes out the window the moment i hear a suspicious sound when i 'm trying to fall asleep or if there is a strange shadow in my room . 
  my imagination is too good , i always end up imagining the most terrifying things . 
  aliens , monsters , ghosts ... 
  i know they are n't real but sometimes i just ca n't close my eyes because i think that the moment i close them something is going to appear near my bed . 
  i became bisexual around the age of 13 . 
  then i started losing attraction to women and now i 'm pretty much 95 % gay . 
  you managed to ask people out , you 're not fa . 
  no , his situation is not very common , you just do n't know what he 's talking about . 
  it 's the sound of being able to understand that other people might like different music . 
  this sub is the worst when it comes to music . 
  that 's the title of the video . 
  kids at that age are the worst . 
  i hope you managed to stay vegetarian despite their behaviour . 
  i never told you that you are n't fa * enough to be here * . 
  feel free to stay , you 're still not fa . 
  like someone really did . 
  yes, 
  yes, 
  the main reason people get dashcams is that they can show the world how everyone else is stupid . 
  yeah that 's me lol . 
  i decided to delete my picture until i lose enough weight . 
  i noticed that i started to get more messages ... 
  just for the record , this is not a wrong way to prepare a steak . 
  i was taught to do this too , it 's also because my parents wanted me and my brother to wear more formal clothes outside . 
  this is hilarious . 
  it 's seasonal for me , but i really like the walking dead and fables . 
  i generally like action movies , but there are certain features that make me absolutely love an action movie - like a steady camera ( especially during car chases ) or over-the-top action . 
   first , how does song matching work ? 
  i have googled about this but keep reading different answers . 
  some say apple music matches based on the metadata , and others say it uses audio fingerprinting . 
  it would be ideal if it did audio fingerprinting . 
  it does both . 
  probably . 
  i know it does recognize music based on metadata because sometimes a very different remix is matched as the original song . 
   second , when it 's checking my library to see what songs to upload , do i have a chance to see what to upload and what not ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you will probably have to separate the music you want to upload manually . 
   also , the 100,000 song limit only apples to songs that it could n't match , right ? 
  no , unfortunately the limit is for any music in the `` my music '' section - so anything you upload , match or add from the apple music catalog . 
   third , can you listen to music from other countries ? 
  you can but the selection is not going to be as diverse as if you were living in the country . 
  i listen to some japanese and arabic music so i know it is there but it 's hard to search for it . 
   finally , what happens to my playlists and things i build from apple music if i stop paying ? 
  last time i heard there was like a 3 month period when they store the music . 
  i do n't know if it 's still true . 
  some people say it stays but nothing for sure . 
  well , people are crying about it being removed . 
   lots of these albums are fake, 
  i actually enjoy homeland more now when [ ] ( / s `` brody is dead . '' ), 
   something mentioned in the beginning of the episode is used at the end to escape an impossible situation . 
  fucking this , i hate this so much . 
  if that was true andrea would be alive . 
  the same could be said about this type of comment . 
  why is there so many butthurt people who desperatly want to punch old women ? 
  oh i forgot , this is reddit . 
  this is where you come if you * hate bitches * . 
  um ... you must be so weak if you think that old man would be a threat to you .
