  i know people say that we should n't really focus so much on \u201e runnig around collecting elfroot ( or jumping , fuck that in particular , way to make me destroy my space bar to reach your fucking shart , bioware ) , but what am i supposed to do when the map around me is filled with this shit and i need it to level up and move forward ? 
  therefore , the game has zero replay value . 
  i just ca n't imagine going through every map again several times ( first to do some quests , then collect shards and then to explore parts unlocked on the war table ) collecting , claiming , jumping , sharting , where-do-i-fucking-unlock-other-horses riding and then finally coming back with the right companion to trigger the goddamn quest . 
  nice game , though . 
  [ for example ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/anaconda-target-version-explicit/dp/b00qrde3n4 ) . 
  the reason i ask is that on spotify there are 3 verison of the album :, 
  * deluxe , clean, 
  * regular , explicit, 
  * deluxe , explicit , target version , no nicki on anaconda, 
  so basically there is n't a deluxe version with full anaconda song . 
  wtf ? 
  lately this started happening to me - after i kill an enemy , he gets a new health bar - green one , and it just decreases by itself like a timer . 
  enemy is walking around looking like a shadow , unattackable and drops loot after the bar gets to zero . 
  what causes this ? 
  lots of celebrities buy huge houses that must require cleaning . 
  do they hire someone ? 
  i just do n't understand why they would do that . 
  outside their house they 're followed by media , so it seem like they would want some privacy at least at home . 
  but how can you have privacy if your house is constantly invaded by cleaners ? 
  i have read through many discussions on this subreddit and none has provided a solution to my problem . 
  one of the most popular advices here is to view `` by folder '' which does n't really achieve anything . 
  it still tries matching my tv show with their databases and the result is the same - for example i have 3 episodes of castle and the 're named `` castle ( 2009 ) - 7x0x - name '' and all i can see in plex is [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/v0pksta ) . 
  the reason i do n't want to rename my tv shows and movies is that the name usually contains info about quality and release group name and i do n't want to lose that . 
  so should i just move on and forget about plex or is there a solution ? 
  it usually highlights the words or phrases that are probably used incorrectly . 
  helps me with spelling a lot . 
  we saw the 3d hfr version if that makes any difference . 
  here 's the thing - some songs ( usually the older ones ) have uneven sound distribution between channels , usually an instrument playing in only one channel . 
  i find it extremely disturbing with headphones , it makes my head hurt and spoils the song . 
  i tried making a mono track from the original stereo and then making it stereo again , but that degrades the song quality tremendously . 
  so my question is - is there a way to do this and not decrease the song quality ? 
  i remember when i was a kid and the term `` tax payers '' was mentioned on tv , i was confused by it . 
  what confused me was that they were speaking about tax payers in third person , so i thought that it 's some mysterious group of people who pay taxes . 
  and i always wondered who they are , where they live and what they do , what makes them so special compared to everybody else ? 
  turns out everybody is a tax payer . 
  never been so confused in my life before . 
  i live in a country of 10,5 m where 2.3 m people smoke ( 250k kids ) . 
  i always wonder if pregnant women at least limit their cigarette consumption a little . 
  is there any statistic to it ? 
  or is 1/4 of our population corrupted before birth ? 
  the physical copy is way cheaper than the steam version , but i do n't want to be dependent on the `` scratchioes '' . 
  my dorm does n't allow anything that uses bittorrent , including some game launchers . 
  is there anything like popcorn time that i can use ? 
  ( this text is taken from [ here ] ( http://webapps.stackexchange.com/questions/58112/force-two-copies-of-the-same-song-in-different-albums-on-google-music-manager ) , i copied it because it perfectly describes my problem :, 
  i created my own `` greatest hits '' `` album '' for one of my favorite bands by copying songs from their other albums into a new folder . 
  i still have their studio albums in separate folders as well , and i have edited the album tag of the `` greatest hits '' copies so they are different from the original mp3s . 
  the other tags ( artist , title , etc ) are all uniform ; album is the only one that is different between the studio folders and the greatest hits folder . 
  google music is not uploading both versions of these songs ; it is instead only uploading the `` greatest hits '' version of these `` duplicate '' songs , leaving my studio albums with gaping holes in their tracklistings . 
  how can i force google music to upload both versions o the same song ? 
  i have no idea why but this problem is unique for firefox in my case . 
  chrome and opera are fine , so is the `` fake '' desktop client . 
  only firefox makes the music lag every 3-4 seconds . 
  ideas why ? 
  [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/er6i6yo.png ) are all my current addons . 
  i use the newest stable version . 
  spotify at least gives you the option to see unavailable tracks . 
  how does google music handle this ? 
  i just noticed this - some playlists started showing different number of songs which confused me . 
  i found out that some songs are only visible on desktop or on android !, 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  sometimes there 's more songs in a desktop playlist , sometimes in the android one . 
  what 's going on ? 
  this is not what i switched from spotify for . 
  edit : apparently it 's a known bug and it 's recommended to uninstall updates and clear cache , which worked for me . 
  the windows program is fine ( in english ) but the browser extension for firefox and chrome are in my native language . 
  i prefer english , what can i do ? 
  i just went through this thread : / r/deadbedrooms/comments / 30l3xh/perspective _ from_a_ll_f / and i do n't even know what to say . 
  so much hate towards a single person , who does n't enjoy sex anymore . 
  since i ca n't participate in the discussion due to discovering this though / r/bestof i try to discuss here . 
  can someone explain why is everyone in that thread so evil towards op for not liking sex anymore ? 
  this is just so brutal ... 
  on my android phone , i wanted to compile a playlist with songs i already have pinned but was unable to do so . 
  it was only possible from the album view , but i ca n't choose a song from a playlist and put it in another one . 
  is it a bug or intentional ? 
  i just thought it would be cool to be able to use my card this way , so i do n't have to write everything manually every time ( i do n't want my card info to be `` out there '' ) . 
   in this open-world action game , players assume the role of three criminals whose storylines intersect within the fictional city of los santos . 
  players can switch between each character to follow his storyline , completing missions which often include criminal activities ( e.g. , stealing cars , executing heists , assassinating targets ) . 
  players use pistols , machine guns , sniper rifles , and explosives to kill various enemies ( e.g. , rival gang members ) ; players also have the ability to shoot non-adversary civilians , though this may negatively affect players ' progress as a penalty system triggers a broad police search . 
  blood-splatter effects occur frequently , and the game contains rare depictions of dismemberment . 
  in one sequence , players are directed to use various instruments and means ( e.g. , pipe wrench , tooth removal , electrocution ) to extract information from a character ; the sequence is intense and prolonged , and it involves some player interaction ( i.e. , responding to on-screen prompts ) . 
  the game includes depictions of sexual material/activity : implied fellatio and masturbation ; various sex acts that the player 's character procures from a prostitute -- while no nudity is depicted in these sequences , various sexual moaning sounds can be heard . 
  nudity is present , however , primarily in two settings : a topless lap dance in a strip club and a location that includes male cult members with exposed genitalia in a non-sexual context . 
  within the game , tv programs and radio ads contain instances of mature humor : myriad sex jokes ; depictions of raw sewage and feces on a worker 's body ; a brief instance of necrophilia ( no nudity is depicted ) . 
  some sequences within the larger game allow players to use narcotics ( e.g. , smoking from a bong , lighting a marijuana joint ) ; cocaine use is also depicted . 
  players ' character can , at various times , consume alcohol and drive while under the influence . 
  the words `` fuck , ''`` cunt , '' and `` nigger '' can be heard in the dialogue . 
  how many parents would still buy this game for their children if they read this ? 
  why do n't they ? 
  it 's the easiest way to protect your kid from harmful content . 
  example : every sunday i travel to my dorm at around 7pm . 
  i ca n't force myself to do anything in the afternoon before that , because it feels like i do n't have time to do anything properly . 
  i do n't read , play games or any of my favourite things to do , i just wait browsing reddit or thinking about random things . 
  it 's like i 'm afraid i will be late and the idea of something * neccessary i have to do * freaks me out , the stress just builds up until the moment comes and i have to pack my bags and leave . 
  when i arrive at my dorm i suddenly can relax and enjoy whatever i want even though i have way less time than i had in the early afternoon . 
  specs :, 
  windows 8.1, 
  intel core i7-4710hq quad-core 2.50 ghz, 
  nvidia geforce gtx 860m with 2 gb, 
  12 gb , ddr3l sdram, 
  sometimes when i alt-tab out of the game and then back in i can only see a black screen .
