  oh look , another triggered goblin . 
  get a life , the trucker was the asshole . 
  jesus , do you always get so worked up about something ? 
  do n't abuse the horn , period . 
  it looked like it was intentional . 
  i agree . 
  ah , my ignorance shows again . 
  usually when i look at the islands i just see britain `` and the rest '' . 
  that 's not true , they were forced to show gratitude . 
  the should just make it all the uk . 
  nah , they 're all perfectly fine . 
  that 's really stupid . 
  you just said it had sugary flavor . 
  that 's not normal . 
  but it is n't guaranteed for everyone . 
  i hate driving a manual because i do n't even have a choice . 
  mobilism, 
  google music and apple music both do n't care what your source of music is and even offer better deals . 
  yep , this is what i do . 
  i just do n't use urinals anymore . 
  i suppose that means visiting a psychiatrist ? 
  i 'm kinda scared they 're going to tell me i 'm just lazy . 
  well i was n't always a bad student , but it got really bad now that i 'm at a university . 
  i actually went to a doctor some months ago because i could n't focus on studying and she referred me to a psychiatrist , i 'm afraid she will do it again ... the guy is like in his 60s/70s and i would feel really insecure talking to someone who will probably be very old-fashioned . 
  right , i will try to visit her on monday , see what she says . 
  thanks . 
  you scared me a bit with the alzheimer 's , i read some common symptoms and it seems to fit what i 'm experiencing a bit . 
  might be correlated with my diet and lack of exercise though . 
  i am losing between 1/2 and 1 kg per week which seems to be the recommended value . 
  let 's see what the doctor has to say . 
  cvt is a good thing for most people . 
  yep . 
  if they want to drive a manual so much they can move to europe . 
  i will gladly trade with them . 
  i mean , how do they even get to offering the car for sale before cleaning it ? 
  why assume op is a guy ? 
  i will see a doctor tomorrow , hopefully she will help or point me in the right direction . 
  thanks for the encouragement , i 'll try my best tomorrow . 
  yeah something like this but not overpriced . 
  is that what they pay you to promote the product ? 
  wow , i do n't know 90 % of those pok\u00e9mon . 
  i guess there 's not just 150 of them anymore . 
  so i went to the doctor today and she referred me to a psychiatrist . 
  he was able to see me right away . 
  it went better than i expected , he was nice and even though he was old he gave me this hippie vibe and had a beard like santa which is cool . 
  he gave me a zung test which determined that i have depression so he prescribed me some medication which is supposed to be non-addictive . 
  we had like 45 min sessions , he asked about my medical history and lots of general questions . 
  then he referred me to a psychologist to do some extensive tests on memory and attention . 
  he said that those tests will help him determine how to treat my attention and memory problems . 
  i have an appointment on 12th of september so hopefully he will be able to work something out before school starts at 22th . 
  yep , did n't maintain a proper following distance . 
  probably shows he 's at fault . 
  anyone got a mirror ? 
  i talked to this girl on a train once , never saw her again . 
  always thought it was really weird . 
  it 's funny * enough * you fucking idiot . 
   ovaltine, 
  i love this shit . 
  it 's best with soy milk . 
  the ** fucking ** weird one . 
  you overreacted with that horn . 
  ... that 's what you 're supposed to do . 
  i was the opposite , i wanted to have the doors closed because then the monster could n't get in . 
  joke 's on them , i 'm the one losing weight . 
  my dog eats shit and dead animals . 
  i have to shoo her away every time . 
  i do this unconsciously and it is embarrassing for me as well . 
  i used to do this with some tv shows that became boring but i wanted to know how they end anyway . 
  then i found out i can just read the plot on wikipedia and i do n't do it anymore . 
  i actually hate people like you . 
  and i hate the fact that it is expected of me to let strangers touch my hand . 
  i 'm just waiting for that lab grown meat . 
  rarely , but it did happen to me several times before . 
  i 'm disappointed even though i did n't really expect anything . 
  i loved femme fatale and still do n't understand why anything after that is so boring . 
  and does n't anyone else think it sounds waaay too similar to bieber 's purpose ? 
  the thing i hate about cooking is that all the work is not worth the result . 
  i just learned to eat foods that require no preparation . 
  i love how confident they look . 
  oh god , the hottie 's back . 
  not just that , there are tons of options . 
  basically all the `` ingredients '' that do n't require any or only minimal preparation . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  no but why pay when you 're used to getting digital stuff for free your whole life without consequences ? 
  i can have bread with butter , cheese and ham . 
  glass of juice with that . 
  a piece of vegetable . 
  or oatmeal . 
  or cereals with milk . 
  if i 'm in a hurry i might eat a protein bar . 
  a can of tuna with bread . 
  veggie salad . 
  porridge . 
  there are also lots of instant meals and frozen meals . 
  those are just some examples . 
  right but how is it relevant to my comment ? 
  i was n't complaining about my food being too bland . 
  interracial relationships ftw . 
  that was my first thought too . 
  i do n't even listen to their music much but i definitely connected it with them first .
