  you 're right , i 'm sorry . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i am honestly not bothered by it at all . 
  my hearing is probably not good enough to notice it . 
  i never hear any difference in the comparisons . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  what 's weird about that ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  yep , it 's awesome we can play it the minute it 's released . 
  i would definitely use a vpn . 
  wow , those sites are awesome . 
  do you know about some for movies and tv shows ? 
  that would look incredibly creepy . 
  it never is . 
  i ca n't stand stupid rules that do n't make sense . 
  just eat your fucking meal . 
  if they were a holocaust survivor and i was an american soldier i would probably wait . 
  poor people driving cars is an american thing . 
  stop applying your culture to europe . 
  poor people do n't drive cars . 
  paris is not in the us . 
  you should edit your post to say `` you must have been raised by smart people . '', 
  so let 's never spend them , that 's what money is for , right ? 
  not spending them, 
  [ here ] ( https://thatoneprivacysite.net/ ) is a nice list of vpn services . 
  although there is nothing wrong with liking steak well done . 
  they probably were n't trying to protect him from anything . 
  some people just think coffee is really bad for you . 
  because of the other states . 
  it still makes guns ridiculously easier to obtain . 
  i fantasize about stuff i ca n't see in porn - so people i know in real life . 
  i know it may sound weird to some of you but i really like the idea of my straight friend having sex with his girlfriend . 
  you should try that first before passing a judgement . 
  first the army should confiscate all the guns owned by civilians , then let 's see if mexico can ruin it . 
  nice hyperbole . 
  but i agree , cars are a danger and should be replaced by self-driving cars as soon as possible . 
  haha , you changed your tone pretty quickly when confronted with downvotes , 
  yes , it worked perfectly . 
  i downloaded the patch and the dlc and it installed just fine . 
  gog games always install without a problem . 
  that looked real to me but whatever . 
  never , because i like it . 
  you were talking about confrontation like it 's something a sane person would do . 
  it is not . 
  of course there are , but i guarantee you that the person who thinks confrontation is a good idea will go straight to assault . 
  yes , it works exactly the same . 
  ah , you 're one of those who think it 's ok to play with your phone while driving . 
  haha , we will never go away . 
  we are the future . 
  also , just because someone is bisexual does n't mean that they need both sexes in their lives at all times . 
  also , keto is a scam . 
  interesting , the imgur comments are more sensible than those in here . 
  this is most certainly not the only photo taken of that moment . 
  hey mom look , i 'm famous !, 
  oh my god , i did n't even notice the logo . 
  calm down , nobody 's trying to hurt you, 
  i never argued otherwise . 
  this is so awesome !, 
  although i wonder what he would do with the can in half-life 2 , 
  i imagine the sidebar image perfectly captures how gabe newell sees us when we beg for hl3 . 
  honestly , i would expect this outcome . 
  i recommend everyone to play these before the new game is released !, 
  i really love the whole album . 
  i wish there was a truly uncensored version though . 
  oh , alright . 
  i suggest you might add that to the sidebar . 
  edit : wait a minute , nowhere in that thread it says the song has to be released before 2011 . 
  it does n't say any date for certain !, 
  i hope you understood i was only talking about the online experience . 
  otherwise it 's a fantastic game . 
  oh yeah , i think that portal would be one of the first games i would let my potential kids play . 
  eh , they are playing it because there is n't any other game like it . 
  if the broken experience is the only experience you do n't really have a choice . 
  probably because it 's pronounced `` roug '' but for some reason spelled differently . 
  i hope so . 
  lol , you tell people to stop begging for links and post one yourself ? 
  someone just started spawning the money bags in my garage , i just left because i did n't want to get banned for cheating . 
  wait , the songs are only removed in the steam version ? 
  the people downvoting you are pathetic . 
  remember , there is no competition . 
  therefore no losers or winners . 
  my god damn double chin . 
  my brother is thin and still has no jawline but that is still way better than a double chin !, 
  why do n't you go to single and launch the invite only session from there ? 
  fuck off , i never got banned but i read about it happening on reddit . 
  i originally wanted to post it to / r/loseit but they apparently do n't like links ... 
  this is actually what most of the psychos in this sub would love to do . 
  oh * the horror * , a god damn * left lane camper !!!, 
  uhm , so what ? 
  mine was n't . 
  just like you enforcing the law by flashing your lights and honking , right ? 
  get the fuck outta here . 
  fuck off , it 's not the cammer 's job to play a cop . 
  oh look , another person who would totally act perfectly in any potential scenario !, 
  you 're not , there are lots of people who should have their license taken away . 
  ah , dodging a question with another a question . 
  typical . 
  i 'll answer it for you : no , it is definitely not such a big deal being being stuck behind such a person . 
  see ? 
  it was n't that hard .
