  bulletstorm is great , epic and funny . 
  protip : do n't be smug , it makes you look like an immature asshole . 
  you know that you are wrong . 
  i just discovered the video . 
  you are just butthurt i called you out on your smug idiocy . 
  i have experience with the desktop version only . 
  songs in playlists must also be in your library . 
  from my experience , when i delete a song from my library that was also part of a playlist , it just gets deleted from both . 
  but that is probably not what you 're describing since you say deleting a song corrupts your playlist ... no idea why the phone app acts differently . 
  desktop version behaves the same so i guess it 's supposed to be like that . 
  i must say it confused me too at first , but i have a feeling all the streaming services do that . 
  op might have a different reason but until am lets me separate songs in playlists from those in my library recreating playlists is out of question . 
  it 's probably one of the main reasons why i listen to the album most often out of em 's discography even though i do n't consider it his best album . 
  youtube comments are cancer as usual . 
  needs less assholes . 
  when everybody has to go inside to pay ... 
  are you sure you are n't in offline mode ? 
  there should be an option somewhere where you can toggle something like offline mode which basically makes visible ( available ? ), 
  only offline music - but since i never used the phone app i ca n't tell . 
  that was just luck . 
  you ca n't be aware of 100 % of your surroundings without twisting your head , especially when the red light runner goes fast . 
  no , that 's turning your head . 
  you 're so cute when you 're aggressive , i love it . 
  by the way it was luck because spotting someone driving fast is about luck . 
  props to the cammer who remained calm enough to not rage chase him trying to teach him a lesson . 
  it 's probably because most cams offer 1080p 30fps and 720p 60fps and obviously you want the best quality of the video . 
  i was obsessed . 
  around 2010 i think the crush started to disappear and now i do n't really find him attractive anymore . 
  this is absolutely amazing , thanks . 
  no he should n't be put down . 
  i 'm only responding because i know you mean it . 
  yeah , here they come because they are right . 
  except it is . 
  `` people think pit bulls are dangerous , so mostly people who want dangerous dogs seek them out ( and encourage them to be aggressive ) , so they attack people , so people think they 're dangerous . '', 
  he 's right . 
  and you are an idiot . 
  because it 's no different than any other breed . 
  no , it 's because agressive idiots are more likely to own them . 
  did n't raise him right . 
  and hopefully the policy spreads nationwide . 
  good , i ca n't stand that whining song . 
  i would actually like to have a significantly shorter or taller boyfriend , do n't know why though ... 
  are n't there still going to be lesbians ? 
  you 're gon na get hit on anyway . 
  the thing is , some of us have the weight visible in our faces more . 
  some really fat people still have ` normal ' heads , but some of us who are just slightly overweight may already struggle with ` double chins ' and other fancy perks . 
   and it 's not that difficult to lose weight . 
  eat less , move more . 
  and it 's not that difficult to stop smoking . 
  smoke less . 
  and it 's not that difficult to stop having suicidal thoughts . 
  smile more . 
  fuck you . 
  that 's because aggressive assholes are most likely to own them . 
  says every person who cares about their life . 
  no , i 'm saying bananas are grown on mars . 
  hm , another video unavailable for me . 
  luckily tubemate takes care of that . 
  you guys sure do n't like it when someone miscategorizes your precious murder tools . 
  you do n't have a speed limit for crossing railroad tracks in america ? 
  interesting . 
  here in czech republic we have a 30kph ( 19mph ) speed limit when crossing railroad tracks . 
  how is the nova launcher so popular when it does n't even let you change sorting options in the app drawer ? 
  that 's so ridiculously stupid . 
  it 's the [ most requested feature on their forum ] ( http://feedback.novalauncher.com/forums/145180-nova-feature-requests/suggestions/2887077-custom-sorting-in-app-drawer ) and they just ignore it !, 
  it may be sarcasm but it still shows your opinion . 
  do n't hide behind sarcasm . 
  yep , that 's how our dog 's dad died ... 
  if he was driving a car he would do the same thing . 
  who do you mean by ` these fucks ' ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  please tell me more about the life of this specific person you know so much about . 
  ah , people getting childishly angry at other people who do n't recognize movie quotes . 
  lovely . 
  i see , that 's why you downvoted my comment . 
  oh my , so many butthurt people in this thread . 
  sure , that 's a reason to downvote . 
  yeah , i hope he has a 5 year old daughter who i would rape with a hot iron rod and cum all over her face , then make her eat her own shit and beg for her life . 
  he deserves to watch that . 
  mr. road rage would be too confused by the sudden compliment by another mr. road rage . 
  yeah i mean it is supposed to be a disagree button , right ? 
  of course there has to be so many overreactions in this thread . 
  so satisfying to watch . 
  you guessed it !, 
  that 's what i thought . 
  he 's probably jealous that an arab has a better car than him so he wants arabs deported . 
  it 's a non-issue ... 
  luckily you can upload your own ` version ' . 
  what 's this with people thinking sarcasm invalidates their argument ? 
  no , he 's hiding his opinion behind sarcasm . 
  so salty you might be a pretzel . 
  i 'm not , but even if i was , why would it matter ? 
  no , the opinion you have is not that you were n't angry , it 's that you loathe people who do n't recognize movie references . 
  by whining i meant charlie puth 's voice . 
  yes and you did it again . 
  hm , i do n't want to lose the warranty yet . 
  i might go the downgrade way , but since that is something that idealy needs full wipe , i 'll just wait . 
  i have tens of gigabytes of music downloaded from google music and will do a transition to apple music once it 's released . 
  she sounds like bill burr making bitchy noises . 
  was this sarcastic comment really necessary ?
