  it would be no justice . 
  it would cause even longer waiting time for everyone . 
  wow , how pathetic do you have to be to downvote a simple question like this ? 
  as a gay man , i hate the never ending flow of new straight porn subreddits . 
  every time i browse r/all i block multiple of them . 
  yours is so much better !, 
  no , thanks . 
  if my parents read to me every day i would probably hate reading now . 
  the way most straight men talk about women . 
  it makes me sick . 
  yeah , because it totally makes sense to spell it that way . 
  wait , why not make it a queueueue ? 
  that makes even more sense !, 
  you ... sound retarded . 
  seriously , who the fuck overreacts like this to such a non-issue situation ? 
  no  you 're the moron . 
  go to therapy . 
  nice bike !, 
  i think you replied to the wrong post , 
  only cunts do lane splitting . 
  do you know what a sane person would do ? 
  slow down and stop , not swerve like a maniac . 
  oh my god i love this car so much . 
  uhm ... 
  are you making fun of me ? 
  right , ok . 
  i give up . 
  being a cunt ? 
  true . 
   and it alleviates traffic, 
  no it does n't, 
  did i say otherwise ? 
  your condescending tone is what convinced me . 
  nope . 
  oh yeah , not the gender studies . 
  that 's literally cancer , amirite ? 
  it totally is . 
  i will not discuss anything with someone who insults important study fields . 
  dude , i will not be lectured by a common troll  get a glue . 
  will do . 
  i was n't replying to you . 
  i always found this very interesting . 
  i wish it let me log in . 
  the way it is now is useless to me ... 
  done . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  good . 
  why is the video 10 minutes long ? 
  money ? 
  apology accepted . 
  the typical / r/roadcam user - law is on my side , therefore i can disregard common sense !, 
  some people are just naturally aggressive . 
  they honk a lot , yell at other drivers from their car , lecture everyone and think they are the best driver in the whole world . 
  that really depends on the video . 
  what you describe is definitely not the norm . 
  and people on this sub are insuferable fucks , that 's why you 're so downvoted . 
  wow , are your feelings hurt ? 
  does that always happen when you 're wrong ? 
  just take a deep breath and apologise . 
  literally starting ww3 . 
  everebody not waiting in line ( which includes the cammer ) are cunts in this video . 
  [ no turn signal again ,, 
  must be an optional feature in this bmw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ur6h96k.jpg ), 
  [ no turn signal again , must be an optional feature in this bmw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ur6h96k.jpg ), 
  even those about racial minorities ? 
  just making sure . 
  yeah, 
  [ believes in the myth that driving a bmw makes him/her special and gives him/her a free pass in life . 
  you are the original shitposter with your false stereotypes about car brands . 
  france is n't us , they rarely drive 20 yo cars . 
  what a stupid fucking american . 
  something tells me you do n't live in paris . 
  itt : i 'm a dumb fuck who wants everything for free . 
  that 's because a slice is not a unit . 
  every slice of bread is different and every slice of cheese also . 
  i forgot it 's illegal to comment on posts that are not within your acceptable timeframe . 
  i was reacting to your first half of your original comment , * cunt * . 
  where you claim that car brand is at fault , * cunt * . 
  you sound like you 're straight . 
  yes you do , mr. stinky pants . 
  learn to count up to seven . 
  or maybe she is just being careful , which is more important . 
  we ... also saw the video . 
  wow , this is awesome . 
  does it only work with pictures ? 
  awesome . 
  ok , this is the first time i 'm actually seeing safe filtering . 
  well done . 
  not surprising to see fph as the top post . 
  my brother does this and he says it 's because of the uncomfortable sensation you get after taking a dump . 
  i 'd like to point out that ` not spicy ' \u2260 bland . 
  this subreddit is literally the antidote to / r/askmen . 
  i always come here to calm down after visiting that sub . 
  i know but comments like this attract fph 's . 
  it 's unfortunate but it 's true . 
  but i already made a mistake by visiting this sub 's version of the question anyway . 
  12g of honey butter, 
  20g of vegan pate, 
  glass of water, 
  = 445kcal,
