  it does n't matter you actually read the article , you still spread misinformation . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  it does n't matter how long your response is , it does n't change the fact you tried to spread misinformation and now you 're trying to justify that . 
  photo by [ jan kundr\u00e1t ] ( http://www.jankundrat.com/ ) . 
  just stop it , it 's embarrassing . 
  admit the mistake , learn from it and move on . 
  heh , my roommate and i never play music on speakers when the other one is in the room . 
  headphones all the way . 
  yeah , lots of people like to immediately start commenting on my music taste or make fun of it . 
  * listening to rap music - they ca n't help themselves but make mocking hand movements . 
  * listening to metal - same thing plus a ` nice ' facial expression and imitation of headbanging . 
  * listening to electronic music - comments on how this type of music is extremely monotonous/repetitive/boring . 
  i have yet to meet someone who does n't do at least one of these things . 
  is it the type of music you listen to or the volume that makes you do that ? 
  it 's not just while driving . 
  i lived in a dorm for the past 4 years . 
  yep . 
  it 's almost like a reflex they ca n't control , except they totally can . 
  oh , you 're one of those who routinely misunderstand south park . 
  it 's karma . 
   i 'm all for self-control , but, 
  no you 're not . 
  hey that 's cool , i might explore this later . 
  it 's always nice finding out about new styles of music . 
  hah , what crowd is that ? 
  some of it is funny but mostly he 's just being a dick . 
  he 's still a dick in most of his pranks . 
  he 's just so popular that people ignore that . 
  and of course an innocent person pays the price . 
   i would 've laid his ass on the horn . 
  much better . 
  they know what they 're doing , especially that isis thing . 
  i would still watch it but the crowd it attracts makes the show repulsive . 
  nice , there 's never enough user created playlists . 
  thanks !, 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  yeah i hope they add that functionality . 
  on spotify it 's a great way to find new music . 
  did you try [ this ] ( https://community.spotify.com/t5/help-desktop-mac/returning-to-spotify-from-apple-music-can-i-bring-my-new-apple/td-p/1183529 ) ? 
  on your computer ? 
  8gb free ? 
  any car looks better with mods though . 
  excuse my inexperience , but why would you go from 2nd to 6th ? 
  my car jerks when i drive very slowly ( like in a parking lot or in traffic ) . 
  there was an actual question about what the holocaust was ? 
  are you in the 4th grade or something ? 
  something to control the beats speakers . 
  now i feel like an asshole because i 've done the same to a guy who was in the same situation as you ( and from what i 'm reading it was the same city ) . 
  i really need to grow up . 
  i 'm so sick of seeing puns in every title . 
   i 'd be pretty fucking pissed if someone ate all my food too , and i work in a mental health heavy er . 
  damn , that gives you the authority to decide what reaction is appropriate . 
  guys , just shut up . 
  how about you give her the advice she wants instead of playing psychiatrists ? 
  #so funny, 
  they all are except that one spin off . 
  you must be fun if you react this way to words . 
  why would you name both of them ty ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  it 's not a mess , you just do n't understand how it works . 
  you press the plus button to add the playlist to your list of followed playlists . 
  that 's the only thing it does . 
  playlists you follow are separated from your library , if you want songs from the playlist in your library you put them there yourself . 
  apple music is n't a mess , it just has a lot more incompetent users . 
  [ thank you for your service . 
  i think that pedophile is also pretty dense . 
  that was very satisfying . 
  i agree . 
  i just do n't get how someone can be so clueless after three months of using it or give up after a couple of weeks . 
  it seems that when something does n't work identically as they 're used to they just figure it must be a bug and just wait for it to be ` fixed ' , when the only thing that needs fixing is their attitude . 
  it 's so weird how you assume he 's angry when there 's nothing indicating that . 
  that was perfect . 
  yet you replied to the comment that is not angry ? 
  huh , it 's almost like you had to search for the angry comment to prove you did n't make assumptions . 
  now i understand why i 've never heard of this . 
  after finding out my 2 year old semi-flagship phone is n't getting marshmallow i just gave up on following anything related to it . 
  why would i do that ? 
  he 's lying . 
  did n't get a reference , got downvoted . 
  so pathetic . 
  i would n't get through school if i did n't have any friends . 
  i ca n't do it alone . 
  it 's better to have shitty friends than none , trust me . 
  oh , that 's why there are so many drunks walking past my house tonight . 
  i thought i was imagining something . 
  yeah , birthdays were the days of presents . 
  as an adult you do n't get to get cool presents anymore . 
  you have amazing survival skills . 
  yeah . 
  staying home is the easiest and most comfortable and at the same time the least satisfying thing to do . 
  are you a dog , sir ? 
  yay , good for you . 
  when i got my driver 's license i did n't drive for like 2 years . 
  when i got a car after that i hated it . 
  it 's a manual and i sucked at driving it . 
  now it 's just a tiny bit better , at least i do n't struggle with regular driving , just parking lots and slow traffic but that 's usually easily avoidable . 
  it 's only becoming a thing in my country so for now i am a fan , let 's see what it will turn into in the next years . 
  do you enjoy flying ? 
  i 've never had the chance but i think i would love it . 
  the czech republic , it 's in eastern europe .
