  not everybody should do everything . 
  you already signed him up for three different sports before he turned 5 and you think you 're not forcing him into sports ? 
  not really , being able to keep you head above the water is enough . 
  why would you say `` uk/europe '' ? 
  uk is in europe . 
  my dentist never even mentioned flossing . 
  he 's not a bad dentist , i 've never had a problem . 
  i saw my parents floss , but they say they do it because they have crooked teeth . 
  those all seem like valid points to me . 
   ask before dating a friend 's ex . 
  this i will never understand . 
  you can not claim someone after you seperated . 
  cooking is not for everyone . 
  i find it extremely exhausting and the result never satisfying enough . 
  for two hours of work i want a goddamn feast , not a meal for two . 
  well , you can object , not that is will make any difference . 
  i think it 's a really petty thing to end a friendship over this . 
   personally , i 've had a couple of nasty relationships where the person wronged me/really hurt me ( habitually cheated , was mentally/verbally abusive , etc ) . 
  i do n't ever want to have to be around or hear about those people again , and it would crush me if a friend were made aware of what happened and still made the choice to date that person . 
  it would make me feel invalidated , and as though i were not valued . 
  this is a completely different situation . 
  why would anyone want to date a cheater/abuser ? 
  in this case it 's not about dating friend 's ex , but dating someone who cheated/abused a friend . 
  oh please , get out of here with your `` red flags '' . 
  this term does n't mean anything anymore . 
  do n't worry , i do n't have any . 
  and i 've never been in a relationship . 
  i think it explains everything . 
  sorry , i 'm just bitter about being forced into competitive sports when i was a kid . 
  i hated every second of it . 
  i even remember begging my pe teacher to have me do some other exercises , no matter which ones . 
  that 's understandable . 
  you 're right about that emmerich is not a good choice for this movie but he 's not a bad director . 
  comparing him to uwe boll is wrong . 
  i enjoy most re 's movies , uwe is mostly directing trash ( with some decent exceptions ) . 
  why do you have to insult other movies he 's made ? 
  2012 is great , it 's one of my favourites . 
  it 's dumb , but not bad . 
  lol , how many people do you think want to see a movie about the stonewall riots ? 
  lol , how many people do you think want to see a movie about the stonewall riots ? 
  here we go again . 
  he 's one of the calmest , most reasonable road ragers though . 
  i was the same way until 17 . 
  the tip was very sensitive because of it and i discovered i had phimosis . 
  now i 'm cut and happy . 
  i have this also . 
  what is the worst about it is that i usually go straight to the stall , but try to pee silently , because i do n't want others to find out i went to a cabin to pee when there were plenty urinals available . 
  shit sucks . 
  why ? 
  most people do n't even know what stonewall riots were , definitely not outside of america . 
  that is not something you learn about at school . 
  you must be an american then . 
  we barely touched colonizing the american continent , next time ( and last ) america was relevant in our history class was wwii . 
  it 's not only about them . 
  it depends on a situation and you just can not say that it 's never ok . 
  nah , he really is different from other cammers . 
  not in this video though . 
  you 're right about that . 
  still , you should not suppress your affection towards someone just because your friend has unresolved issues which might 've been his fault . 
  damn , i just ca n't tell the difference . 
  it sounds just as choppy as before . 
  i 'm not going to read the comments , but something tells me , that there is a lot of blaming the father and the crying kid , not realizing crying first day in kindergarten is normal . 
  also , many people probably generalize this first-day experience as something that happens every day with the kid . 
  he 's cute though . 
  that 's * so weird * that suddenly a pope 's quote is not heavily upvoted . 
  it 's almost like people had to suddenly get off his holy dick . 
   moreover , i feel like i 'm subconsciously trying to create some sort of faux hetero relationship where i 'm the bigger man and the other is the smaller girl . 
  is this just mental masturbation and should stop worrying ? 
  well , i kinda `` suffer '' from this `` mental masturbation '' , but the other way around . 
  i , for some reason , desperately wish to at least try dating someone taller than me . 
  i want to tiptoe to kiss him !, 
  this line is the perfect example that eminem is not maturing or `` evolving '' at all ( some used it to defend the last album ) . 
  i do n't have a problem with the lyric , it 's just awkward hearing it from him at this age . 
  yeah i almost forgot about that . 
  so , who won the competition of worthy causes ? 
  le wrong ? 
  just to point it out - just because someone else is breaking the law does n't justify you to break it in another way . 
  you ca n't break the law just because someone else does too . 
  yeah , it 's hard to justify speeding away with others in the car . 
  google posts it because that 's one of the most common things people search for . 
  they like comparing others ' height to their own . 
  ah , too bad , i was cheering for him . 
  ok , let 's forget about all the other causes and meet again next year for another round of worthy cause olympics . 
  [ mallory knox - she took him to the lake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvxsyq6n7bq ), 
  [ poets of the fall - lift ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ompevur1644 ), 
  a trailer is rarely a good representation of the actual movie . 
  calm down and wait for it . 
  except the one about the right to offend . 
  if you want to offend , you 're going to be tolerated , not respected , because you lack empathy and understanding . 
  i 'll give it a chance because i am a fan of emmerich . 
  yes , english is my second language and subtitles are sometimes a necessity . 
  you 're quick to judge and base your opinions on anecdotal evidence . 
  no , why would i ? 
  i just repeat what other redditors say . 
  god fucking dammit , why does he have to be so goddamn cute , i ca n't focus on what he 's trying to say . 
   they just need to work on self goddamn confidence !, 
  because all you have to do is flip the switch and off you go !, 
  simple as that !, 
  how does that work exactly ? 
  does n't the ad have to be played for the music to continue playing ?
