  still unavailable . 
  not even considering this might be a legit request ? 
  sure ... 
  that does n't justify punching her . 
  just saying . 
  the point is you ca n't punch someone in the face like that . 
  no matter what she did him punching her was wrong . 
  car brand 's fault !, 
   only 5 hours, 
  yep , this person is an american . 
  tempted to be an unreasonable cunt . 
  lol that 's not how any of this works, 
  i live in the czech republic and they do it here too . 
  i do n't trust them though because they often signal even when it 's not actually safe . 
  they probably think i drive a tesla or something . 
  it 's legal in maryland to cross a double line like that ? 
  nah , it 's the cammer . 
  make it bun dem, 
  how come you did n't like ' i see you ' ? 
  it got me into the xx, 
  worth it to expose the bitch, 
  offline people ? 
  is that a dlc for / r/outside ? 
  / r/gaybros, 
  how many times have you copy & pasted this comment ? 
  haha just got a cast ? 
  too hard to type ? 
  haha just get a new one ? 
  why are you so concerned ? 
  haha just get a new one ? 
  why are you so concerned ? 
  til guardian is not news media . 
  haha why do you ? 
  haha that 's cool you 're cool, 
  my dick is swell as well, 
  he married arash . 
  i 'm the one . 
  at first , khaled was too obnoxious but ever since then , i 've managed to overcome that . 
  i suddenly have an urge to stop at my local shell station . 
  dae think of the menzzz, 
  i heard there are even some cassette adapters for older cars so you can play music from your phone with it . 
   your, 
  nah , save that enthusiasm for your dad . 
  he might raise your allowance for a little handy work . 
  i just told you not to fuck me dude , do n't push me or i 'll seriously move out, 
  damn , how come you had a choice ? 
  sorry if your parents were n't around, 
   i wanted to reproduce, 
  let 's leave this for tomorrow . 
  i 'll make you your favorite pancakes and we 'll have make up sex, 
  we got them lannister genes bro we superior, 
  is it really safe to do this ? 
  some people say plugging it in the mic port is not a good idea but my cassette player only has a headphone port , not line out . 
  right ? 
  it 's such a great device . 
  you used to have something similar ? 
  hey , that 's mcdonald 's !, 
  i love mcdonald 's . 
  you 're so lucky your local mcdonald 's does deliveries . 
  oh boy i 'd sure love to have some mcdonald 's right now . 
  this was more / r/iamverybadass, 
  any kind, 
  i 'm not against killing cancer , i just hate mob mentality, 
  was he the mod of / r/worldnews ? 
  the battles were always the most boring . 
  huh , i do that but only when i 'm alone . 
  how is that possible ????? 
  / u/kaphox said goulding quit music !, 
  damn , reddit has a really hard hate boner for this show !, 
  yeah , i still remember that asshole lawyer jack thompson . 
  with this logic the whole study is stupid . 
  and it truly is . 
  there 's nothing wrong with suicide, 
  wow , you 're so selfish . 
  every person has a right to do whatever they want with their life . 
  they do n't owe their life to anyone . 
  it is their decision only and it is fucked up that society does n't view suicide as a fundamental right but as a crime . 
  haha you are a psycho , not only anti-suicide but anti-reason as well, 
  no , he just told you it 's absolutely terrible ... 
  a swell cock, 
  you 're damn right !, 
  wrong version though, 
  that all the single ladies cover by the chinese woman . 
  the search should index all exe files . 
  damn you people are salty about others enjoying themselves . 
  you think people who do n't take men being abused by women seriously care about gender equality ? 
  is there a way to make advanced renamer recognize number sorting without the 0 prefix ? 
  right now what happens is that 1 becomes 46 and 10 becomes 47 . 
  edit : never mind , solved it . 
  not the dreadful leftists, 
  i ended up using the advanced renamer semi manually . 
  rotten tomatoes is dumber . 
  or really liked the movie . 
  that guy is fucking hot . 
  cool , i 'll stay in the left lane doing the speed limit . 
  are there two black kids in his facebook cover photo ? 
  anybody 's got the new kesha leak ? 
  the game, 
  it feels cinematic . 
  i kinda stopped caring about last.fm since they still do n't support apple music .
