  oh ok , i did n't know that . 
  nice , it can change the keyboard backlight color ? 
  there 's a 10 000 track limit for playlists . 
  probably . 
  per one playlist . 
  if your house burns down , you 're not going to be concerned over a game . 
  but it will be one of the things you will never get back that will pop up in your mind randomly in the upcoming months . 
  great , i love samp and mta even today , hopefully this will be a thing in gtav too . 
  it 's a habbit . 
  and some people just ca n't force themselves to pay for something that can be easily obtained for free because nobody told them it is wrong when they were growing up . 
  it looks like the kid has provoked him and he overreacted . 
  and i doubt the kid fell because of the slap , most likely just wanted to avoid it and fell unintentionally . 
  yes i did . 
  he makes good music , his last album was really good . 
  liking different music than you is riding someone 's dick ? 
  how high above myself do you see yourself ? 
  no , there 's lots of us . 
  it 's just redditors generally do n't favor rhytmic music . 
  no i 'm ... ... ... ... ... ... . . not . 
  from gta wikia :, 
   garages used to store vehicles are replaced by yellow-outlined `` residents parking only '' printed parking spaces located on the street outside the safehouses ; these parking lots are able to hold up to two full-size sedans , and are also known to be able to save helicopters . 
  you probably parked too many cars , imperfectly or too big ones . 
  that 's a 1 hour difference , is n't it ? 
  really ? 
  does n't am mean in the morning ? 
  from midnight to noon ? 
  what the fuck , this dragging tumblr into everything is getting ridiculous . 
  part of my porn collection is straight porn ( maybe 1/10 ) but it always features an attractive guy . 
  i do n't really care who the guy is fucking as long as he 's hot . 
  makes sense , what would they do with tons of these anyway ? 
  it has no value in this volume . 
  i like most music genres , there 's something about most of them . 
  rock and similar + hip hop were my childhood . 
  later i started listening to pop and electro because i did n't feel the stigma attached to it anymore . 
  i feel you , i 've never dated before but if i ever get the courage to do so , this will be me . 
  had . 
  now some of the songs are missing in the new versions . 
  it got me listening to country , which i completely ignored before . 
  it was just an example . 
  the same happens to me before i go to the cinema , to my friends house , anywhere . 
  that 's the best kind of homoeroticism . 
  i tried playing it , but since it was my first time i just could n't enjoy it . 
  this game feels ancient . 
  the world is static and empty , flat and ugly . 
  feels dead . 
  obviously the problem for me is that i did n't grow up with this game ( i did n't care about these when i was younger ) so i 'm not used to all its flaws compared to recent games . 
  yes , other apps do that too . 
  does it matter ? 
  we 're talking about the same day anyway . 
  that 's what i 'm going to miss . 
  gta iv handling was awesome . 
  you could feel the weight of the car , the way it moves made it look very real . 
  and the damage was great too . 
  so far , from what i 'm seeing in gta v videos , i 'm pretty disappointed with gta v. i want the cars to behave more realistically , that 's what makes it fun . 
  lol lawsuits are an american thing . 
  what influences the dog 's fur ? 
  i play on mostly high settings , but dogs look terrible from close . 
  a workaround is mentioned [ here ] ( https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/communities/public/questions/203486937-crashing-in-singleplayer-heist-blitz-play ) . 
  omg no !, 
  my dorm forbids peer to peer . 
  i wo n't be able to play online through the week ... 
  if i tried they 'd ban me . 
  i 'd rather not , vpns are forbidden too . 
  it 's there because other dorms were raided by the police in the past . 
  piracy . 
  we 've been told they do n't care , p2p is out of the question . 
  if they detect i use that protocol , i get banned and living in a dorm with no internet is not an option . 
  well technically i can only use the dorm internet for studying purposes so no . 
  not that anybody 's going to enforce that though . 
  no , they may send a warning first but p2p is not tolerated . 
  there is even a list of all common programs and games that use it which is in their faq . 
  it 's a dorm in czech republic , you would n't know it . 
  i did it , nobody responded . 
  some asked me about it the next day , i confirmed . 
  i discovered several good subreddits , thank you . 
  i like how grass quality starts at 4:20 . 
  how is ce1 for z1c still not out ? 
  i know i could flash the ru or de version , but it just does n't feel right since my country used to be occupied by those two . 
  you can always [ abort ] ( http://ak.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/2577953/preview/stock-footage-abort-button-on-a-white-background.jpg ) , but it 's not that easy as it gets older . 
  i do n't get it , is n't having any sexually transmitted disease a common dealbreaker ? 
  this is why i hate lending books . 
  so many people think this is ok to do with someone else 's book . 
  pickles can be good out of the jar , but the capability to ruin a perfect burger is why i do n't like them . 
  uhhh , indeed . 
  it 's worth the sinking island alone . 
  that game is fantastic . 
  not as syberia games are , but still a great game if you 're a fan of beno\u00eet sokal . 
  him in the hobbit movies . 
  he was so stunning . 
  yeah , too bad the only time i needed these flying skills was at the beginning when i was playing the story . 
  - but mooooom , i swear it 's not a phase . 
  - shut up , you 're going to a camp !, 
  - fixed an issue where the game would show the pause menu without player input . 
  holy fuck i had this issue , i thought i was crazy . 
  it happends to me too sometimes , but i try to not be bothered with it much . 
  snarky remarks only make you sound like a bitter asshole . 
  so he 's right about banks not letting you use their website from an ordinary general-purpose computer ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes , it is your phone and the manufacturer , carrier or the bank have no obligations to tolerate you . 
  the point you 're talking about was n't in the comment i originally responded to .
