  but even if they made me rape myself with my keyboard , i 'd play the shit out of these games . 
  i angrily uninstalled it after the first interrogation . 
  these characters just make random faces and i 'm supposed to tell if they 're lying ? 
  no way . 
  i could n't get through the beginning when they show you the controlls . 
  play it with cheats like i did . 
  then you can focus on the great story/ies . 
  yay !, 
  you 're our hero !, 
  it 's a free update of content i do n't use that will break the one i use . 
  get off your high donkey and stop complaining about others complaining . 
  damn right i 'm a badass . 
  every ... update ... breaks ... mods ... we ... use ... in ... singleplayer ... 
  why do you have such a problem with me not liking an update ? 
  do we have to mandatorily like everything rockstar pukes at us ? 
  why exactly did you respond to my original comment ? 
  i literally just stated `` so it 's just an online update . '', 
  what the fuck triggered you about that ? 
  it 's just a fucking observation . 
  it 's not really an option to decline an update . 
  the clear ones . 
  i have one for hearted music , icloud limit counter and some pregenerated ones . 
  yes , i have one for hearted * songs * , do n't know if it works with albums . 
  basically the hearted music ** must be in your library ** , then you create a smart playlist with the rule :, 
  liked -  yes ( sorry if not accurate , i 'm translating ), 
  i have a smart playlist with a rule located at icloud . 
   what 's worse is it was getting upvoted . 
  at the first read , i thought you made a joke here . 
  at least there is the option to export the playlists so to protect yourself in the future , do that !, 
  i just checked mine , it has 25,000 views . 
  i also never use it . 
  still not available for me ... 
  mmlp2 - sslp, 
  evil twin, 
  cold wind blows, 
  stay wide awake, 
  we as americans, 
  sing for the moment, 
  bitch please ii, 
  just do n't give a fuck, 
  you say they did n't change the logo and then post a picture of a changed logo . 
  you like the subreddit ? 
  visit the sub and find out . 
  try / r/whatevernews instead, 
  it 's not for men rights , it 's against women rights . 
  and whining about women getting more attention . 
  i 've seen it , filtered it from / r/all and forgot about it . 
  i 've seen the subreddit , research done . 
  i could perfectly hear every single one of them , the music was n't a problem at all . 
  ugh , i hate when people have the need to greet physically . 
  why ? 
  i do n't want to touch , just say hi and get to the point . 
  i also prefer gm , but i hate the phone app . 
  it does n't let me sort songs in playlists and there is no list view of playlists . 
  also missing playlist folders . 
  how is it a bug ? 
  does n't all music you add to a playlist have to be in your library as well ? 
  adding a song to a playlist adds it to my library too . 
  what happens if there are clouds in the sky ? 
  the only thing i do n't like is how adding songs to playlists clutters my library with one song albums . 
  how the hell am i supposed to browse full albums later ? 
  just remember that if you turn off the icloud music library , your playlists and saved music will not sync across devices . 
  some of us use desktop and phone app both . 
  am hairy . 
  have a small dick . 
  have a skin condition that does n't look good when untreated . 
  may be balding ? 
  i ca n't really tell . 
  i might know how you feel . 
  i have a younger brother who about a year ago got taller than me . 
  he 's 3 years younger . 
  oh ok , that actually makes sense . 
  * any streaming service radio, 
  * top lists ( whatevsite 's top 25 albums of the year , ... ), 
  * when desperate , radio stations - local or online, 
  probably wondering why i do n't answer any of his messages . 
  makes me glad i did n't use itunes before apple music . 
  nothing to fuck up my experience . 
  i did n't read the thread but after seeing the playlist i say fuck reddit . 
  half of those songs are my favorites . 
  you could always make 25 playlists ... 
  i hoped the gun would fall in his head , would be a bit symbolic . 
  yes it does but it never uploads . 
  it even says it will upload within 24 hours !, 
  i 'm not going to wait that long , apple music does that instantly . 
  it really is n't . 
  it would n't upload within seconds on my internet . 
  clicking the 3dot adds the song to the playlist and to the library . 
  right clicking and adding to the playlist does n't add it to the library . 
  meaning that when you right click add it , it will only show up on the current device . 
  to show it in other devices you have to have it in your library and have icloud turned on . 
  again ? 
  i thought this already happened . 
  same here . 
  updated but still takes me to the new page . 
  nope , this is one of the most stable and bug free open world games i 've ever played . 
  being a minority does n't make you any different , people act the same . 
  it 's like wondering why crime exists within racial minorities . 
  i do n't want to be around anyone who claims that , makes me scared i 'd get abducted too . 
  so now it 's karma and reincarnation ?
