  i see , just because it 's used that way does n't mean it 's what it means . 
  my mistake , it 's just so commonly used that way , your comment confused me a bit . 
  iirc scrubs has 9 seasons and the 8th is considered the one with proper ending . 
  what i wanted to say was that if you like an artist 's music and he releases an album you do n't like , it kind of spoils how you fell about him . 
  if he does n't , you may be sad he never released anything else , but at least you 're left with good albums only . 
  i know , it 's just not as convenient as having the music uploaded on spotify 's servers . 
  he 's kinda cute . 
  well that 's understandable , those were his best years . 
  but still i ca n't help it and love the shit out of the silly songs on encore and the relapse flow . 
  of course just because i do n't like an album does n't mean there are n't millions of people enjoying it . 
  happens quite often . 
  in my language the word for `` smoke '' is used as a slang for giving a blowjob . 
  i doubt that 's the explanation though ... 
  that song was good though . 
  i liked it . 
  i do n't see what 's so special about this movie . 
  itt : decent films , definitely not the worst any of the posters have seen . 
  the dark knight , shrek , spiderman . 
  that is one of many reasons why what he said is offbeat . 
  i guess i was confused by american movies , because when i started attending college i thought there * must be * an lgbt group or something . 
  but no , there 's barely any group of any sort here . 
  so disappointed . 
  even though it 's not it seems too pushy to me . 
  i am not a man of action , it makes me anxious to do anything that involves communicating with other people . 
  even emailing a professor takes a lot of courage . 
  that 's why i wanted to join a club , it seems like an easy way to get to know people . 
  i do n't like cool grills . 
  yay , i found the jerk . 
  he probably means his job . 
  i ca n't stop looking at the joint that keeps changing . 
  hat films . 
  let 's players who do n't yell all the time ? 
  that 's something for me . 
   `` haha , i fuck black guys , so funny . 
  ftfy, 
  depending on where you 're coming from , you might end up unpleasantly surprised . 
  dog is always there for you . 
  he does n't care about politics , religion or anything that might cause arguments . 
  if you treat him well , he loves you . 
  and most importantly - he 's always happy to see you and ca n't wait to do something together . 
  human friends are good for the complex parts of life but might fail with the simple things . 
  the dog never will . 
  the fall was a tragedy ? 
   lost, 
  that ending crushed me . 
  i did n't understand it at all , i was too young , but my first show i stayted up late to watch every new episode ending was very emotional . 
  what i noticed was that tauriel 's ears look ridiculously smooth and fake . 
  you can only sync them to your phone when your computer and phone are on the same network . 
  why exactly did jackson decide to use an unfinished process and not the finished one ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  it ca n't get any cheaper you know ? 
  either you listen to some ads that are way less frequent than on radio , or pay for the subscription . 
  $ 9.99 a month is nothing , and the $ 4.99 student price is a complete joke compared to what you would pay if you bought all the music you listen to . 
  media keys might not work for you ( do n't for me ) so i recommend [ toastify ] ( https://toastify.codeplex.com/ ) . 
  you can choose your own hotkeys and it just works . 
  not really . 
  and for the record , it does n't upload the music to spotify , it just uses spotify as a way to copy it to your phone . 
  you might as well do it manually . 
  you can create playlists but that 's about it . 
  of course , do n't let people pressure you into coming out , do it on your own terms !, 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vehicle_registration_plates_of_the_european_union#list ) are the number plates for every eu country . 
  they 're mostly very similar . 
  and you might notice that the mcdonald 's slogan is n't in english , 
  i always remember one comment from an askreddit thread :, 
  `` so that 's how much dick i can take . '', 
  more like public schools are fucked up . 
  well , telling racist jokes does n't mean being racist . 
  is he expressing his racism in any other ways ? 
  is he making comments about other races ? 
  i do n't know , saying bad jokes is n't racism imo . 
  of course not . 
  why would it be ? 
  would someone be willing to write detailed instructions for inexperienced windows users ? 
  i managed to install python , pip , but do n't know what to do next . 
  i do n't even know where i should put the pyportify files ... 
  that was a hoax , was n't it ? 
  you guys are a cute couple , 
  i think this might be just a temporary issue . 
  i had this happen to me before . 
  i would suggest restarting spotify client to see if it 's not a local problem , then try the web player and if that does n't help , wait a few days . 
  in the context you provided it 's probably [ this ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=backpack+rapper ) . 
  basically , backpacker is someone non-mainstream , and it 's a mocking term . 
  so i guess someone considers immortal technique a non-mainstream rapper . 
  still unavailable on spotify for me ... 
  he would be the * bad guy * . 
  you 're the one who should have proof , not him . 
  this almost looks like a fake profile created by her ex ... 
  that 's great news !, 
  how is everyone using youtube music key ? 
  it still says it 's in beta and invitation only ... 
  i do pay , but neither the youtube android app or youtube on desktop lets me use it and i am using the same google account . 
  it just tells me to leave an email and wait until it 's available . 
  luckily we can just upload it by ourselves , so no need to wait untill they renew it . 
  and of course i can only see 76 tracks . 
  and the most interesting thing is , they are available when i search for them . 
  what the fuck . 
  i think i found the problem . 
  it 's us only , is n't it ? 
  nobody ever mentions it and it took me some time to find this info , but that 's probably it . 
  yeah , i just wish gm had a desktop client , then i would probably stop using spotify .
