  i 'm a college student and i live in a dorm . 
  we do n't have any kitchen or any equipment for cooking . 
  mon-fri i can get one meal in the school cafeteria , but that 's it . 
  i tried searching for a website for people in a similar situation but i did n't find much . 
  most of them just count on you to have at least something to cook with . 
  i only have an electric kettle . 
  i 'm kinda sick of eating the same stuff over and over . 
  my usual breakfast/dinner is one of these, 
  * can of tuna, 
  * bread with slices of cheese and ham, 
  * a yogurt, 
  * tomatoes with mozarella, 
  * oatmeal, 
  ( + some vegetables or fruits ), 
  and if i feel like fucking myself up i have a bowl of cheerios or a prepacked sandwich . 
  i drink mostly water , sometimes tea with honey . 
  and that 's about it . 
  i would love to eat eggs for example but i have nowhere to cook them and they are n't sold precooked . 
  are there any good recepies for someone who ca n't cook ? 
  if yes , how does your phone 's battery not drain fast ? 
  and how can you afford to have data on all the time ? 
  should i even bother ? 
  i 'm going to be a completely different person in 3 months . 
  for better or worse . 
  it seems like all the people recommending to see a professional did that just to fuck with me . 
  seriously , what the fuck ? 
  if i have any other kind of a problem , i can see a specialist within days or weeks . 
  phone apps are basically the same as the site , it 's not very intuitive . 
  i love music , discovering new genres and finding new music . 
  but on reddit i have nowhere to share my enthusiasm because it seems most of reddit does n't share my taste * at all * . 
  or i do n't share other redditors ' taste ? 
  every time i visit / r/music i get disappointed because i find most of the upvoted music boring or uninteresting . 
  every thread asking about your music taste always ends up the same - i can never relate to the top posts . 
  if i share it , only the link gets shared , not the commentary . 
  i can only like it and hope it appears on my friends ' feeds . 
  why it 's a problem - if i see someone commenting on a racist article and want to share their rant , it only shares the article which makes me look like a racist asshole . 
  bonbon cakery - it says '' the current time could not be obtained . 
  try starting the app again in a location with good signal . '', 
  but my signal is perfect . 
  what does it mean then ? 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm just getting allergic on the currently trending hate topics on reddit . 
  i 've been battling this for some time - i want to extract a rar and there is something bitdefender does n't like . 
  even if i exclude the folder with the rar from scanning the files still get moved to the quarantine . 
  and when i try to recover them the files never actually get recovered . 
  [ this article ] ( http://tribune.com.pk/story/1039232/women-barred-from-entering-starbucks-in-saudi-arabia/ ) was shared in one of the news subreddits and it 's trying to convince us that in sa women ca n't go to starbucks . 
  which is not true according to the article . 
  and there is a reason why they ca n't enter that one specific store . 
  is it really necessary ? 
  the comments of triggered anti-finebros are as always laughably circlejerky . 
  normally i would be able to pick a phone but i ca n't find anything that matches her demands . 
  so here is what she wants :, 
  * small ( ideally 4 '' and under ) so it can fit in her tiny pockets, 
  * not expensive ( hard to tell what is and what is not , so you can ignore that ), 
  what i want from the phone, 
  my problem is that it seems that phones that fit this are made by brands i know nothing about ( lenovo , asus , stuff like that ) . 
  btw i know this is an android sub , but i wast thinking that maybe we should go for the iphone 5s or even some windows phone ? 
  what do you think ? 
  it 's going to be off contract , mostly used apps will be calendar , notes , alarm , some simple games . 
  internet will be rarely used . 
  sometimes photos . 
  she uses it mostly as a diary/notebook/calendar replacement . 
  the reason i did n't say a specific price is because we are in the czech republic and prices are different . 
  i 've always done this . 
  when i was a kid i used to dream about being a part of the harry potter world . 
  back then it was n't really a problem , or it was n't bothering me . 
  but now , it 's becoming really annoying . 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  right now i 'm kinda alone so i mostly imagine a reality where i have a boyfriend . 
  i 'm having conversations in my head , arguments . 
  sometimes i imagine meeting his parents and reacting to situations that might occur . 
  i imagine their personalities , what they think of me and how they react to me . 
  sometimes it 's my friends or people i know , sometimes it 's some famous people i 'm currently interested in - again , detailed conversations , situations . 
  the reason this is a problem is because i ca n't control it . 
  it 's too satisfying to be in this imaginary world that i just ca n't resist it . 
  i ca n't pay attention in class , longer conversations with other people turn into me saying `` can you repeat that ? '', 
  every couple of minutes . 
  studying is almost impossible - i actually failed this semester because i was n't able to do a single exam . 
  before i go to sleep it 's probably the most intensive , sometimes i have trouble falling asleep because i think too much . 
  i 'm going to see a therapist this thursday but i fear i might fall back into an `` apathy state '' ( which happens quite often ) that basically makes me say fuck it , and during that time i 'm not bothered by anything . 
  if i was to see him right now i would say exactly this but i wo n't be able to in a couple of days ... 
  does anybody have a similar experience ? 
  what can i do to stop living a life that does n't exist ? 
  i was under the impression that you can put shortcuts of mp3s in the music folder and the game will play the files as if they were in the folder . 
  did something change ? 
  i started having this issue couple weeks ago . 
  i am at my dorm half a week and at home the other half . 
  the crackling only happens when i 'm at the dorm . 
  it 's random , sometimes barely noticeable , sometimes very noticeable . 
  only happens with the laptop . 
  i thought it might be the extension cord , but it happens without it too . 
  none of my friends at the dorm have the same issue . 
  what can the issue be ? 
  i was thinking maybe some simple bluetooth device with physical buttons that does n't require me to look at it while using it . 
  i did n't even finish season 2 . 
  are the others seasons somehow referring to the previous ones or is it the same as with the first two ? 
  i think what causes the most errors is how the keyas are spaced out more compared to the laptop keyboard . 
  how long does it usually take to get used to a new keyboard ? 
  i bought it because i wanted to position the laptop higher so i do n't have to look down at the screen and hopefully correct my bad posture . 
  but i found out that i will spend most of the time loking down at it because i just ca n't type as well with it without looking at it . 
  i changed the batteries and it did n't help .
