  just unattractive . 
  that honking person is probably a regular here . 
  this reasoning is wrong . 
  no , it 's not the left lane camper 's fault all those people are speeding past him . 
  he is n't creating a dangerous situation , all those other people are driving recklessly . 
  there is no need to swerve around him like that . 
  passing lane . 
  considering that all those people around him are aggressively swerving i kinda understand . 
  yeah , how about that ? 
  people just want to jerk about the mean left lane hogger . 
  good jaaaab, 
  it 's the limit . 
  the maximum value . 
  it 's irrational to drive the maximal allowed speed when it 's not necessary . 
  why the hell is the cammer driving across the grass too ? 
  yeah , let 's unnecessarily damage it even more . 
  ... that 's not loud at all . 
  i 'd prefer if they remastered the trilogy and re-released it in cinemas . 
  well i 'd certainly watch that . 
  bieber is sexy . 
  did you say sjw ? 
  now you 've got my attention . 
  i might consider preordering the game . 
  i love their show . 
  it 's just entertaining to watch rich and famous people even if it 's scripted . 
  lol, 
  i do that in euro truck all the time . 
  oh no , a long text ? 
  must have been an argument !, 
  god , they 're so old . 
  they do n't appear so old in photos but on video age really shows . 
  who cares ... 
  haha , i get it but personally i 'm openly proud . 
  i have a framed picture of pregnant kim kardashian on my work table . 
  she 's my daily inspiration . 
  clinton actually looks senile . 
  why would he do that ? 
  i actually liked the first two movies the best but that 's because i see them as better adaptations . 
  i ca n't be the first one to mention the matrix ! ^ ^ / s, 
  nah , i actually like the whole trilogy the same . 
   i paid for windows 10 , and i honestly expected to see some ads . 
  why ? 
  windows never had ads * like this * before . 
  i completely forgot how he killed his daughter-in-law and ex-wife in season 3 !, 
  what a piece of shit . 
  because ads are not advanced technology . 
  ads are advanced annoyance . 
  btw i disabled notifications for my posts here so if you still have something on your mind , message me directly . 
  what 's a divide ? 
  i actually found this funny but not in the way op intended . 
  if you 're wondering why you 're downvoted op , it 's because the couple is n't black and they do n't have any tattoos . 
  i 'm more interested in the desktop version . 
  plus youtube red is n't available in my country . 
  sadly , i think we are dealing here with an abandoned project . 
  it seems synccit has n't been working reliably for some time now . 
  or just switch to google music or apple music and upload the missing files to their servers and let them blend in with the rest of your library . 
  no need to sync and other inconveniences . 
  i almost got a heart attack thinking steven king said that . 
  then i looked at the name properly , also realized he does n't live in iowa . 
  let 's just wait for a proper cracked version . 
  i definitely agree . 
  some of those lyrics are not good examples . 
  especially the nico and vinz track , because that 's one of those songs where i never even considered to pay attention to the lyrics . 
  people are n't stupid , they just have different assumptions than you . 
  damn , i almost thought i found someone who felt similar about his books . 
  i certainly do n't love them , i just kinda like them ... mildy . 
  post-voldemort harry potter world . 
  at first i thought this was some fanfiction i never heard of . 
  it appeals to adults too , it 's kinda relatable . 
  i rarely express hate towards music but whenever i hear this shit i lose mine . 
  this is really impossible to answer . 
  you never know what becomes a hit . 
  people are just gon na name songs that sound dated to them and preferably those they never liked in the first place . 
  all those russian trolls must 've gotten a thrill out of their efforts being explained on television . 
  maybe they 're just gay , straight sex gets annoying pretty quickly . 
  basically what the trump supporters do irl . 
  i know right ? 
  wealthy people who donate money have never done anything wrong . 
  ah , i see , just because i pointed out your faulty reasoning i must be a conspiratard . 
  i just pointed out that you said he 's wealthy and has done a lot of charitable work but you failed to mention to bad things he 's done ( which you automatically assume to be conspiracies ) . 
  i 'll just go ahead and disable inbox replies to my comment since you 're so keen on calling people names . 
  i just wonder why was the cammer participating in the road rage . 
  are you being serious ? 
  just because you 're in a car does n't mean you can give people the finger and not be an asshole . 
  it is n't ok to do it in person , it is n't ok to do it in a car . 
  only a piece of shit person does that childish gesture . 
  if your goal was to get down on his level you sure reached it . 
  oh i love this . 
  that swerve was quite satisfying . 
  nobody said anything about freaking out . 
  it just gets annoying . 
  you sped past him and continued speeding down the street like a maniac . 
  of course none of that would have happened if you did n't give him the finger ( which you probably would n't do if you were n't in a car ) . 
  society has no place for people like you . 
  i 'll just go ahead and disable inbox replies here . 
  good luck being an asshole . 
  as a gay person , i do care . 
  yay, 
  do n't you love him like a fresh pair of jordans ? 
  i do n't think they called her that , just said compared to the other singer she seemed like one .
