  i 'm glad you 're enjoying it . 
  clearly a lot of people are . 
  just not something i would enjoy . 
  uhm , sue me ? 
  i did . 
  you want to argue . 
  ** i do n't ** . 
  opinions are n't there to be explained . 
  edit : i made it bold so it 's clearly visible to the blind ones . 
  that ... does n't even make sense . 
   do n't make decisions when you are angry, 
  actually anger helps with confidence so i disagree . 
   make promises when you are excited . 
  i really agree with this , i make this mistake very often . 
  hard not to when you see them every day . 
  that is not true . 
  and you know it . 
  do n't give people false promises . 
  you should tell that to those who suffer , i bet they will be so excited to hear your wisdom . 
  there are some good songs , but i agree the album is pretty boring . 
  who am i to have an opinion , right ? 
  opinions are not allowed unless they 're completely objective . 
  i was not surprised . 
  and those people were not only disagreeing but being hostile about it too . 
  fuck people who do that . 
  what i do is that i remove the artist , album artist and album info from tags , upload it , and then correct the tags . 
  they are going way too fast . 
  when done correctly ... 
  oh fuck off you sexist piece of elitist shit . 
  i was pointing it out because it was not done correctly in this video . 
  most blind people can see , just not good enough . 
  i understand where they 're coming from but that does n't excuse the fact that it 's incredibly rude to say it and demotivating to hear it . 
  my aunt used to be very obese and then lost a lot of weight . 
  she definitely looked older and a little bit `` sick '' , but i would n't dare to say that to her because i knew that in reality she was healthier and happier . 
  some people just do n't know when to keep their thoughts to themselves . 
  she is back at her original weight now and i honestly do n't know the reason but i think it 's probably because of the comments . 
  i wear anything that fits . 
  huh , i always considered chicken meat good to eat straight out of the fridge . 
  microwaving it seems like a waste of time . 
  i mean calm down , just because someone expressed a different opinion does n't mean you have to get so worked up about it . 
  apple music is available for android . 
  i came to this thread ready to defend her . 
  i need a slap in the face asap . 
  i still think the original is better . 
  i keep both versions in my itunes library . 
  * if you 're in the us, 
  that ragequit though . 
  start from the beginning !, 
  you can always skip the boring stuff but i think it 's awesome to see the family grow . 
  here is a chronological list :, 
  keeping up with the kardashians season 1, 
  keeping up with the kardashians season 2, 
  junk in the trunk [ part of kuwtk season 2 ], 
  keeping up with the kardashians season 3, 
  kourtney and khloe take miami season 1, 
  keeping up with the kardashians season 4, 
  kourtney and khloe take miami season 2, 
  keeping up with the kardashians season 5, 
  junk in the trunk 2 [ part of kuwtk season 5 ], 
  kourtney and kim take new york season 1, 
  khloe and lamar season 1, 
  keeping up with the kardashians season 6, 
  kim 's fairytale wedding : a kardashian event [ part of kuwtk season 6 ], 
  kourtney and kim take new york season 2, 
  kendall 's sweet 16 [ part of kuwtk season 6 ], 
  khloe and lamar season 2, 
  season 7, 
  kourtney kim miami, 
  season 8, 
  season 9, 
  kourtney khloe hamptons, 
  season 10 episodes 1-13, 
  20/20 interview with diane sawyer, 
  i am cait, 
  season 10 episodes 14-17, 
  season 11 episodes 1-13, 
  i am cait season 2, 
  it does n't matter to me . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/choptree.2046/ ) seems to be the only up-to-date tree chopping mod or plugin there is so right now i want to use this plugin . 
  ok , i 'll probably try the server , maybe it will be better than it was 2 years ago . 
  is n't that pretty much impossible ? 
  there is no way this can be automated completely and do enough songs correctly . 
  cleaning up after the automation would be more work than tagging the music manually . 
  i use the combination of mp3tag and musicbrainz picard . 
  sit at home and moan about life . 
  a troll post . 
  nice . 
  i upvote almost every submission over 100 opvotes in this sub and his name has a green ' +156 ' next to it , 
  more like a / r/im14andthisisdeep, 
  lol , the / r/malefashionadvice snobs came for a visit, 
  i told them . 
  mom said it was ok , dad did n't have a reaction . 
  now it 's been two years and they forgot about it . 
  i do n't think i will have the strength to come out again . 
  they will have to find out on their own . 
  there 's nothing to remind them . 
  now i have an image in my head of two alex louis armstrongs holding hands and walking down the street . 
  i do n't think taking advice from someone who speaks in quotes is a good idea . 
   and the fact they do n't care to take care of themselves seriously . 
  that is not true .
