  baguetta ruining bae 's flawless career smh . 
  that 's some microwave looking television . 
  good for you !, 
  are you familiar with / r/loseit ? 
  oh , i have n't had that yet . 
  can you compare its taste to something else ? 
  they only sell regular dr pepper in my country , is the diet version different ? 
  that sounds delicious . 
  i 've never had it !, 
  must try it sometime . 
  you definitely made the healthy choice . 
  my mom drinks those a lot . 
  i have to keep reminding her not to overdo it with all that sugar . 
  veg shake sounds like something to use as a punishment though . 
  i like that type of frozen drink but prefer fruity flavors . 
  they say taste evolves over time . 
  that 's a great way to deal with alcohol . 
  when in moderation it 's just as good as any other drinks , especially if you only drink light beer . 
  i totally get the odd feeling with my teeth too . 
  can be quite unpleasant . 
  sorry to hear that apple juice has been ruined for you , maybe you 'll find your way to it in the future . 
  ciders i can stomach , whenever i 'm supposed to drink socially i have a blackberry cider . 
  i never got used to wine , especially dry wine . 
  i really do n't understand why women are usually so into wine . 
  it may look nice but the taste is often too strong for me . 
  sounds about right . 
  the best combination . 
  well it 's mostly the sugar , basically drinking apple juice is just as bad as drinking soda . 
  it 's because guetta fucked up , he made a shit song . 
  if it did n't have bieber 's vocals it would be a complete trash . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  what an entitled twat . 
  it 's literally the current year . 
  no way . 
  the aliens attacked, 
  [ 8 ball - hands in the air ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vazw96ph04 ), 
  but honestly , this question can not really be answered because there just is n't a song i 'm in the mood for all the time so the best song changes often . 
  me neither but there 's always the best song * at the moment * . 
  uhm , * wrong * , it 's jordans . 
  i 'm listening baby . 
  already a classic . 
  not anymore . 
  * he * claims it . 
  oh you better run . 
  shush your whole mouth, 
  true evil never dies . 
  also , the word is a slur . 
  this joke was funny exactly : 0 times, 
  most of the comments in this sub do n't contribute to any discussion because they are the same : dumb reactions . 
  because redditors are so above people who use facebook, 
  this happens very often where i live . 
  people just do n't give a fuck . 
  the coughing was terribly obnoxious , had to mute the video . 
  it 's so obnoxious . 
  yeah , stay on the horn , asshole . 
  is n't that the same bus used for transporting prisoners ? 
   2,000 lb black vehicle, 
  so just a regular car ... 
  what a pretentious twat . 
  sounds like a lot of humblebrag . 
  `` i 'm not like all those other successful artists !, 
  see , i actually listen to my fans . 
  * they * do n't . 
  i got it from a facebook post . 
  who are those people ? 
  / r/everythingalwayshappens, 
  you do n't have monthly fire siren tests in your country ? 
  good schools definitely show these videos . 
  i know mine did . 
  let 's see how this turns out . 
  #l o t i o n, 
  that woman is a saint . 
  [ boys in the street ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rczlmtwecf0 ) by greg holden . 
  also when i 'm gone by eminem . 
  these two always make me tear up . 
   like that episode of south park, 
  that 's where most people stopped reading, 
  you could say that about anything . 
  for the same reason they pay people who play videogames . 
  they are entertained . 
  same reason people watch others play videogames . 
  you know that using `` sjw '' non-ironically makes you sound really dumb , right ? 
  awww , you 're hurt , 
  you assume it would be the first time for both . 
  it simply is an excellent song , bieber made it perfect . 
  yeah , this song is pretty weak . 
  [ i drove all night ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtkakijuoju ) by the protomen . 
  i do n't even know who made the original and definitely did n't know this version was n't it . 
  it 's certainly a fun song , even though the album ended up being a disappointment . 
  the video certainly helps , but the song itself is one of those you do n't skip but never intentionally seek out . 
  it 's bieber so it ca n't be bad . 
  unfortunately , guetta really is stuck somewhere in 2012 and even though his last album was amazing this song makes me a bit worried if he 'll be able to adapt to modern trends . 
  bieber helps this song * a lot * , without him it would be just too generic . 
  i do n't know what makes his voice so special , it 's so hypnotizing . 
  takes it to another level . 
  too bad , because this one certainly had the potential to be way better . 
  i 'm not really feeling this but spanish lopez is the best lopez so we 'll see . 
  damn right . 
  definitely whitney houston . 
  i 'm not really a fan of mercury 's voice and whitney is godly .
