  * sigh ... *, 
  i do n't know how old you are , but that might still change you know . 
  i was bi until i was about 13 , but couple years later i * gradually turned gay * . 
  that 's interesting but i still would n't use it as an argument against anyone . 
  why would you say that ? 
  they 're actually really nice most of the time , i definitely enjoy the sub more than / r/askmen . 
  did n't digg actually change the way it worked and looked ? 
  i guess that is what made people leave , not the admins . 
  i feel the same way . 
  even if he refuses to talk about it , i will finally be able to appreciate him as a person too , not just as an actor . 
  the only sjws are people like you who use the term unironically . 
  you mean the nz law that 's actually not about censorship ? 
  reddit does n't suck , people just love drama . 
  for a regular user , nothing changes . 
  yeah , how dare they make fun of overreacting people !, 
  many are wrong . 
  voat is shit . 
  no , you are right . 
  people are extremely overreacting because they want to be part of * a revolution and the meaningful protests that led to the great migration to voat * . 
  every ellen is . 
  fuck ellen page and the degenerated lesbo one . 
  fuck them aaaaaaaall !!, 
  no worries . 
  it 's so hard to tell them apart sometimes . 
  stop with the drama !, 
  stop !, 
  nobody cares about your precious little website !, 
  stop !, 
  stop ? 
  this comment made me sad . 
  i came here after the recent backslash against the muslim refugees in europe , to see what islam is about and if this is the most upvoted comment in this thread , is there even any reason to defend you anymore ? 
  it 's just a storm . 
  oh , the gandalf words . 
  thanks . 
  i still think that if admins just continue to ban and fire people it will not have any real impact unless they change the way reddit works . 
  lol , insulting people on the internet for not * subjecting to your will * . 
  you 're so brave . 
  please . 
  bye bye , we wo n't miss you . 
  thank you woman . 
  i directed that towards / u/lll ___ lll , not reddit . 
  i think this freakout is ridiculous . 
  how about just stop freaking out and acting like spoiled little children ? 
  it will not fall apart you drama queen . 
  god i hope you people really leave . 
  yeah , those damn jesus christ people . 
  those are the worst kind . 
  it 's because you are a leprechaun . 
  go back to ireland !, 
  do i ? 
  maybe they do n't want people to imagine some caricature of an extraterrestrial monster ? 
  no , you do n't , but the refugees coming to my country are going to die if people continue increasing their xenophobic opinions . 
  there are protests calling for hanging the refugees and their supporters . 
  this entirely depends on what you prefer . 
  if you want higher quality but slower streaming ( on desktop a song starts playing after 2-3 seconds , spotify is instant for me ) , you go for am ( or if you do n't mind waiting ) . 
  with proper grammar and all that . 
  keep the dogs out of this . 
  this scared the freedom out of me . 
  yep !, 
  the genres are confusing but fun at the same time , i always end up discovering a new genre i had no idea existed . 
  like dubstep 2 years ago or trap half a year ago . 
  or happy hardcore and nightcore , i love these two . 
  feed the cat to the tuna to circlefeed . 
   60 dollars being charged on the card, 
  how does that work ? 
  she would eat all the garlic instead . 
  i mean how do you charge someone if you never had the chance to get their credit card ? 
  oh , we do n't have this option here , it surprised me . 
  maybe they keep adding new music ? 
  that would be great . 
  post some examples , i can check from the czech republic . 
  there 's a bigger chance they should be available for you , so if they are for me , there might be a different problem . 
  yeah , most people still prefer cash . 
  i do n't have the album available at all . 
  so it looks like an error on apple 's side . 
  hm , i 've never even heard about ordering over the phone with a credit card , but that 's probably because people here use debit cards more and those work a bit differently here if i remember correctly . 
  how does that work though ? 
  how can somebody else tell you 're about to cum ? 
  huh , by the time i would say i 'm close there would be no coming back . 
  i hope you did n't shoot anyone . 
  cock safety is important !, 
  ok , but an anonymous one : applemusk@mailinator.com, 
  lots of stubborn people in my country . 
  they do n't trust the cards with their money and think it 's too easy to overspend . 
  probably the same reason why most people still drive a stick . 
  follow the artist , then you should get a notification i think . 
  it opens itunes but does n't show anything . 
  manually i ca n't find it on apple music nor the store . 
  same for me . 
  number 15 greyed out . 
  hm , this did n't work for me , it just copied the links . 
  maybe it 's different on a mac ? 
  considering he comes from a family with scientology ties , not unlikely . 
  is it based on his `` famous '' tweets ? 
  you just said they are terrible for being rich . 
  i disagree . 
  you seem bitter about it , did you grow up poor ? 
  there 's no need to be angry at people who have it easier than you , it does n't make them bad . 
  how do i do that in itunes ? 
  it 's called mandatory sex now .
