  i did n't mess up , i told the doctor and he said to wait more . 
  now i ca n't visit him anymore so zoloft is not happening . 
  any medication is not happening . 
  i 'm over it . 
   first of all , if someone just says sexuality is a spectrum as their entire answer , i will punch you in the face . 
  that 's idiotic but ok , you 're entitled to being a dick . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's it . 
  but it actually perfectly explains it ... 
  itunes , amazon, 
  some of the nightcore versions sound better to me . 
  it 's all about if you like what you hear or not . 
  i see 3 people acting like pieces of shit . 
  yours is so much better . 
  better than 99 % of this thread jerking it to people `` helping '' . 
  he drove his bike into the car , looking at it . 
  the fuck ? 
  i fucking hate this . 
  i swear every time i drive the speed limit it seems like people are trying to read my plate [ like this . 
  trust me , it does n't help . 
  people here do n't know what a proper following distance is neither . 
  how oblivious was the cammer ? 
  he did no expect the car to appear from there ? 
  bitching . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  the outrage caused by your comment is ridiculous . 
  i wish more people would recognized i 'm gay . 
  even questions like this would make me happy . 
  i do n't think they 're the nervous ones . 
  reality shows are fun too . 
  they 're still fun to watch . 
  just because you watched them too much does n't mean they suck now ( or have ever ) . 
  reality shows are actually really fun to watch . 
  is n't it just amazing ? 
  that 's some dylan roof thinking . 
  wow , people actually message you first ? 
  nice . 
  `` the press '' like it 's a group of the same people . 
  let 's not generalize , shall we ? 
  yeah , and every reporter is the same scum . 
  i do n't know , sounds similar to how racists think . 
  why do n't you calm down ? 
  kayne can hate `` the press '' all he wants but to say that `` the press '' was slandering him is idiotic . 
  and remember kids , when you do n't know what to say , just call them a troll . 
  pretty telling . 
  exactly , finally someone gets it . 
  see , now we 're talking !, 
  this is some serious intellectual discussion right here . 
  legendary . 
  i did n't basically call you anything , the only one calling you names is you yourself . 
  that 's smart . 
  you forgot two k 's . 
  another nobel prize winner . 
  your comments are as complex as dylan 's lyrics . 
   `` i 'm very smart '' - you, 
  ftfy, 
  shit man , with skills like that you could 've warned us about trump . 
  it 's fun . 
  be glad you 're getting any updates . 
  i mean , if it can transmit the info over bluetooth to my car i do n't understand why an android app ca n't intercept it too . 
  same thing happens to me on my android . 
  must be a problem on their side . 
  you can download the apk outside the play store . 
  it does n't get better , only worse . 
  on android we have n't gotten an update in two months and still have the old design . 
  the only thing keeping me with apple music is the fact that i can upload my own music to icloud . 
  i tried all the streaming services available to me and am just happens to be the best , even with the faults . 
  that 's not true , maybe your country censors it within deezer ? 
  that 's the result of the `` drive at least the speed limit all the time '' culture , often promoted on this subreddit too . 
  you obviously did n't . 
  all they have to do is tell the company to not offer explicit music . 
  and you are wrong . 
  gets it wrong . 
  the thing is i absolutely hate routine . 
  it makes me sick . 
  i like the before photos , they look more liveable . 
  i have been very bored with what 2016 had to offer so my favourite is the life of pablo . 
  even though it 's not exactly what i wanted . 
  the reason why i use subtitles is because i 'm a non-native english speaker and understanding spoken word is still difficult if i ca n't hear clearly ( which is the case of most movies ) . 
  seriously one of the most annoying songs of the year . 
  i 'm learning to understand with subtitles . 
  it 's actually intentional - professional subtitles are shortened because, 
  1 ) they count on the audience to be unfamiliar with the language, 
  2 ) because of 1 ) they shorten what 's being said so it can be read faster, 
  and that sucks for those of us who use subtitles to learn the language . 
  they certainly are n't , they are transcripts made by fans . 
  you can check it out yourself if you have ever bought a movie . 
  i have some bought dvds and i have watched movies on netflix and all of those had shortened subtitles . 
   in some very rare cases a fan has made them by hand by listening, 
  it 's not that rare , especially with new tv show episodes . 
   they are almost never always exactly what the actors are saying for the entire length of the movie, 
  yes they are , because i watch all of the movies that are originally in english with subtitles and the subtitles are exactly what the characters are saying 99 % of the time . 
  i 'm czech , and movies sold here usually have the original sound , czech dubbing and possibly other dubbings , plus subtitles of many languages . 
  a recent example - the harry potter saga . 
  i was watching the dvd ( unwatchable quality , i regret every dvd i ever bought ) and the subtitles were at least missing words in almost every other sentence . 
  english subs . 
  the story building was boring . 
  that 's pathetic of them . 
  and i forgot - it 's a drawer simulator . 
   it does n't stop things from being bad , it just stops them from getting better .
