  you 're right but czech people are very racist , just like most europeans . 
   turns out they admitted to basically being gypsies . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being an ethnic minority . 
  oh god no . 
  ass tracks are rarely boring but i must agree . 
  it 's not news but [ odv\u00e1\u017en\u00e9 palce ] ( http://www.radio1.cz/palce-page/ ) discuss movie premieres . 
  i really like it . 
  damn , i misread the location as india and wondered why there are n't any racist comments . 
  some people are * a little more * racist than others . 
  my fellow citizens belong among them . 
  just like trump is the future . 
  we 're doomed . 
  pineapple president . 
  some people have taste buds . 
  congrats , you 'd be in jail and they would not . 
  god i want an automatic so much . 
  somebody who thinks it 's a good idea to road rage with a gun probably does n't know how to aim . 
  if you 're into that kinda thing . 
  those are still interactions with real people . 
  no difference . 
  probably would just be shot by a cop at the spot . 
  your types always are . 
  makes me happy to know that . 
  a lot of people have trouble falling asleep . 
  i have over 5 million light bulbs in my closet alone . 
  and it 's completely normal and you are the weird one . 
  i guess our fatherly instinct tells us when our little girls are ready , 
  this man deserves a fair trial . 
  she still did the right thing . 
  the narth remambers, 
  even ugly people want to fuck attractive people . 
  yeah , but ugly people are usually in a relationship with other ugly people . 
  and he deserves that . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  no , i only stated that he deserves one . 
  yes . 
  i was stating the obvious because i wanted to get a reaction from those who were outraged by his actions . 
  i did n't read the article . 
  i 'm just tired of people who disagree with giving bad people fair trial . 
  all the hillary voters basically voted for trump, 
  holy shit what an asshole, 
  i 'll just watch the new series . 
  huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge, 
  mostly justified claims . 
  not in this case . 
  i know they have lots of them in italy too but for some reason italy is missing mostly in ets . 
  no , just an overused joke . 
  the unattractive ones do n't end up getting all the views on youtube . 
  i have , it made me hopeful . 
  i was . 
  4th is my favourite . 
  nothing justifies torture . 
  nothing . 
  no , they deserve a fair trial like everybody else . 
  that 's cool , i like those lights . 
  i would love to see the matrix trilogy remastered . 
  it 's a joke that 's so old and overused nobody finds it funny anymore . 
  quick , somebody point out the car brand !, 
  that has totally something to do with what happened !, 
  that 's because people who think it 's a good idea to have a dashcam have a need for action . 
  oh jeez , let 's drag rich people into this too . 
  they 're rich , that makes them worse !!, 
  it 's weird but i seem to get way more picky about my music every year . 
  i listened to most of the mainstream albums last year and the only album i still listen to in full is life of pablo . 
  mostly i just like 1-2 songs off of an album . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i 'm overexposed to new music or i 'm just picky in general . 
  so it 's life of pablo and real friends . 
  i agree , but i still use some critics as recommendation tools . 
  i did n't , it took me hours to even find a program that can put two videos above each other . 
  just thought i had something funny to share . 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  thank you , do n't let the memes be dreams . 
  new wallpaper here we go, 
  it is n't . 
  the first two are . 
  punch ` erd, 
  he did n't want to be alive . 
  let the man rest in peace . 
  / r/sanctionedsuicide, 
  and all the movies turned out great . 
  i just do n't understand why it happened . 
  i really liked both relapse and recovery so it ca n't be from the drugs . 
  i 'd say she is the same as she ever was . 
  she has good moments in rap but mostly should stick to pop because she 's way better at it . 
  this is what it would sound if eminem could rap fast with proper pronunciation . 
  i googled her and she looks like a permanently stoned soccer mom . 
  this is why you do n't speed . 
  when someone is going really slow in front of you do n't just assume they drive like that . 
  it 's such a pain and no fun what so ever to watch him crippling around . 
  i ca n't breathe in a much weaker wind . 
  this would be a nightmare for me . 
  i would n't be able to breathe in that wind . 
  jesus , suddenly everybody is so concerned . 
  it 's just cute . 
  that 's it . 
  bears are really cute . 
  better than the ` nut licking yaga . 
  thank god . 
  do you mean your partner ? 
  i do n't know how they do it but tigole encodes are just the right size and quality .
