  i still listen to the genre sometimes but generally , it makes me sick . 
  just like most people on reddit think of pop . 
  the important thing is : it is so unlikely that you will get in trouble because of it that it makes worrying about it useless . 
  basically remember :, 
  * torrenting without a vpn = big risk, 
  * ddl = same level of risk as a plane crashing in your house, 
  horace & pete ( 2016 ) please . 
  direct download links, 
  bitch is you a owl, 
  just a reminder - you can download the whole album by putting the link in jdownloader . 
  edit : care to explain why you 're downvoting my comments ? 
  i 'd really love to hear it . 
  sure it does but i have bad experiences with it . 
  it takes them time to compile the download zip and it does n't work on larger galleries . 
  you 're right actually , i do n't really use the nsfw wallpapers that much but in this dump there 's only like one slightly nsfw . 
  still better than rotten critics . 
  and you are saying if there is a way to end the misery that inconveniences others you must carry the burden yourself, 
  she 's like buddha to me . 
  just look at her face , it 's so spiritually mesmerizing . 
  i hate jump scares because i * always * jump even if i know it 's coming . 
  i hate the sudden dread that makes me twitch . 
  it 's not a good feeling . 
  remove the ability to downvote . 
  the popular thing is to go there occasionally and talk shit about it while stuffing yourself with their food . 
  yes , she looks like she just realized how much exercising and dieting she 'll have to do after she gives birth . 
  i make that face every morning when i realize i have to get out of bed . 
  i think i found him on flickr . 
  it 's probably my favorite alien movie . 
  it 's modern , nicely paced , with good cgi and an interesting plot . 
  western is a code word for civilized . 
  honestly , there are so few of these types of movies that basically anything makes me happy . 
  i even liked life and that was really close . 
  well , you are entitled to mine . 
  come to the czech republic , we 'll all give our share to benefit the public . 
  in the sequel , we find out that sandra bullock landed nearby . 
  life/gravity crossover . 
  there 's eight of them now ??? 
  did you grow up to be a butcher ? 
  haha sounds like your parents talked negatively about taxes a lot . 
  little did you know you classmate is trans, 
  same about mariah carey, 
  oh you 're the dev on the mass effect andromeda team !, 
  you butchered that all right, 
  it 's in the dough, 
  well maybe you were used to certain brands ? 
  if that was true id probably listen to the radio from time to time, 
  you came to the wrong neighborhood kid . 
   why is this downvoted ? 
  do you want another lgbt post ? 
  this had me rollin, 
  its because they are shapeshifters who didnt really manage to transform properly . 
  just look at the early prototypes like michael jackson, 
  i read that in my inner corporate voice, 
  jacob sartorius is an angel, 
  oh i love this man i 'm with you even though i 've never been to ta cobell, 
  anything to help a fellow human . 
  none are plausible, 
  lol you 're just lazy and do n't want to study a language, 
  south park is for cucks, 
  i 'd just remove downvotes . 
  one of ours actually does !, 
  i rang his doorbell once when i forgot my bag at school . 
  that sounds amazing . 
  not really , no . 
  it 's just that junk food is the most common to go food . 
  smoking is unhealthy no matter what you smoke . 
  the last three ldr albums . 
  haha that 's the only song i liked . 
  i thought the album was overall very non-melodic and boring . 
  no , i find it extremely confusing and badly designed . 
  i 'm 22 and i have n't found a use for it either . 
  i save all the bullshit i want in bookmarks . 
  one day ... 
  no and i find people like you extremely annoying . 
  no i fucking hate gifs . 
   snatch harry 's ~ ~ crown ~ ~, 
  wig, 
  no , you would n't look like an understanding parent , but like a dismissive or stereotypes believing one . 
  when gay kids confide in you they are n't looking for you to tell them that you already know because it makes them feel even worse about how bad it was in the closet . 
  you know you 're kind of an an asshole ? 
  when you dismissed her like that you dismissed all the times she was n't sure if she could tell you , all the times she felt lesser because of being different and all the times she was bullied for it . 
  she was looking for your compasion and understanding , not drama . 
  it took her years to work up the guts to say that to you , do n't just write her off . 
  i think you do n't know what offended means . 
  when someone tells you that you are wrong it does n't mean they are offended . 
  it means that you might 've said something stupid . 
  `` that 's not the best way to do it . '', 
  you 're offended !!!!!, 
  seriously op , you 're a drama queen . 
  i know that because i went through that . 
  putin is also better than stalin but that does n't make him a good person . 
  the last part does n't make sense at all . 
  god damn it , my other drive is a 4 year old wd , this one was 2 years . 
  i wish they were n't so expensive . 
  i know , but this one actually costs $ 103 in my country where the average monthly pay is $ 900 , that 's $ 10,800 per year . 
  it 's a lot for me . 
  i 'll end up buying one anyway but it will take me a few months to save enough money . 
  dae music today is sooo bad ??? 
  kim k 's got them buns honey, 
  that 's also true , some of the special characters do tend to make problems .
