  no , people react to me because they know they are wrong , but try to disprove me anyway . 
  that is a very bad and inaccurate analogy . 
  and you are wrong . 
  you must be good at presenting you arguments without attacking your opponent . 
  i know . 
  really ? 
  for some reason , i expected italy to be progressive . 
  i admit the reason might 've been that i 've seen way too many shirtless dudes here lately . 
  calm down . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ swear ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ works ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ every ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ time, 
  yeah but what about kardashians , we must express our hate, 
  reminded me of matthew mcconaughey 's interstellar orgasm . 
  all you people suddenly care about ethics ? 
  you 're becoming the sjws you keep joking about . 
  if they finally release the android version , i 'll tell you what it looks like in the czech republic . 
  i would love to but until i can upload music that is missing , spotify can fuck off . 
  i 'm exactly in the same situation . 
  i am so sick of gm but it 's the only service that lets me upload music and is on android . 
  except there are so many flaws . 
  zoomed in album art , no way to sort songs in playlists , no way to sort saved albums , uploading music can get very problematic ( one of my albums keeps getting incorrectly matched even without any tags ) , no playlist folders , search offline is basically unusable ... 
  it never does anything . 
  the triangle stays there for days and nothing . 
  i would love to be able to change any car to a taxi compatible one . 
  i want to do the taxi missions but with my own car . 
  i think that 's because we 're desensitized from watching lots of these videos that end up well . 
  it might not look bad on video , but even the smallest crash can end up badly . 
  i think the [ irl ] tag is implied , there 's no need to include that . 
  looks like matrix is broken again . 
  think about it this way - the kid is more likely to believe his grandparents then random strangers . 
  i agree it 's not ideal to shelter kids from faith , but hearing two sides of the same story from different trustworthy family members can create unnecessary confusion . 
  what 's an illegitimate child ? 
  thanks . 
  why the hell would you be grossed by public breastfeeding ? 
  do breasts gross you out ? 
  wtf ? 
  one of those guys smirked . 
  what was that supposed to mean ? 
  why is this the most upvoted comment ? 
  is weed really more important than private prisons ? 
  exactly . 
  i would love to use bitdefender but it pops up when i 'm gaming , always does some mysterious scan i did n't agree to and stops some browsers from opening . 
  i do n't want to solve that , an antivirus is not supposed to do that . 
  i 'd love to but i do n't have any apple device . 
  i only like pitchfork because of their playlists on am . 
  they 're nice !, 
  you sound like a valuable member of society . 
  lol, 
  i wake up around 8-9 am . 
  stay in bed until around 10-11 either thinking or browsing reddit on my phone . 
  have breakfast that lasts usually at least 45 minutes . 
  brush my teeth if i feel like it . 
  put some clothes on if it 's cold . 
  done . 
   look for work, 
  hi dad . 
  in the czech republic taxes are included in the final price . 
  21 % is the standard one . 
  this first honk then brake attitude is not good . 
  you 're sure better than them . 
  the barrier on the left looks like stop motion animation . 
  it 's not the slow car 's fault that others break the law . 
  if you are behind a slow car , you have no right to endanger others because of it . 
  there still are people who do n't seek out conflict and act reasonably . 
  to be fair , the hummer driver still kept trying to get into his lane even after he noticed him . 
  heh , i was just thinking about it today , wondering if my imaginary boyfriend would be up to it . 
  i probably will in the future , when i 'm financially independent . 
  i am starting to pay for music , movies , etc for moral reasons , why not porn ? 
  i watch lots of studio porn . 
  because downvoting makes people feel superior . 
  another thread full of freeze peaches . 
  unfortunately , some parents use this exact argument to defend their homophobic views . 
  you should n't change your kid just because other kids are jerks . 
  i do it sometimes , because i found out that if i fall asleep wearing regular clothes i feel fresher in the morning . 
  if i sleep just in my underwear the sleep is somehow more ` intense ' and waking up is harder . 
  i do this and i really ca n't tell the difference . 
  well you ca n't really make cold fried bacon , can you ? 
  what exactly ? 
  i thought mall music usually referred to music with no artistic value , something that plays in the background unnoticed . 
  yeah , handled it like a champ . 
  ah , the musical elitists strike again . 
  first row heaven , second row hell . 
  what about those two remaining rows ? 
  i often use cheats because i do n't like challenge . 
   it 's being played in the stores, 
  where did you find that ? 
  lol, 
  this is perfect , i just wish this joke did n't make sense . 
  you can create playlist folders on desktop . 
  you can put playlists in it . 
  i know that , i want to know how the folders look like in the phone app . 
  when i select a folder does it only show the playlists it contains or does it show songs from them ? 
  if so , how are they sorted ? 
  can i sort them differently ? 
  etc, 
  thanks . 
  you make it sound like slow drivers are second worst , right after this , which is not true . 
  annoying yes , dangerous ? 
  dangerous are those who react aggressively to them . 
  because that would accomplish exactly nothing , except proving the honking driver to be a road rager . 
  the sudden change of color of the video made me think about gta v deaths .
