  i hated this game . 
  replaying parts over and over was so boring . 
  this gatekeeping needs to stop . 
  if it renders in real time and requires user 's input , no matter how small , it 's a game . 
  firewatch . 
  suddenly he is n't too pc for you , / r/television ? 
  that `` bullshit '' was the best part of the show ... 
  more likely all the time . 
  luckily he was reasonable . 
  reversing out is easier . 
  [ the average joke aging process ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5njlkdk.jpg ), 
  rogue one is the best star wars movie . 
  nevermind : [ found the reason ] ( https://www.xda-developers.com/supersu-v2-82-released-on-the-google-play-store/ ), 
  it would be enough not to talk to her like she 's a little girl . 
  not another of these douchebag bikers . 
  \u0161tyry is my favorite, 
  or they are just ready to go . 
  cpy on suicide watch . 
  and carla day reysen, 
  are you referring to that video of him having fun in a club that has been twisted into `` bieber forgot lyrics during a concert and is mocking spanish '' ? 
  i started listening to nothing but the beat recently again and damn , is it a fun album . 
  feb , actually . 
  it 's weird to think that if this happened to the kitten and there was no human to save it , it would die . 
  i do n't give a fuck about the other songs , i want euro without the tags . 
  i do n't get the hate for the song . 
  you should n't have started with an opinion . 
  the queen of boredom . 
  he has the voice of an angel and looks like a god . 
  funny to hear that from someone who wants to bang ban gariana . 
  now cross-post to / r/combinedgifs and see what happens . 
  the real cringe is the response to her . 
  if it 's embarrassing , why do they wan na do it ? 
  yeah that ... too . 
  even if i find a movie hilarious i might not laugh out loud . 
  not everyone reacts in an obnoxious way . 
  yes , since 7.6.2017 20:32:55 cest laughing at comedies is obnoxious . 
  i live in a country where you 'd go to prison for denying the holocaust . 
  and that 's perfectly fine and acceptable . 
  must 've been a woman driving it . 
  i legitimately hope you do get shot . 
  no , wait , stomped to death . 
  or we should shoot people like you . 
  i think that 's a better idea . 
  i know i will always skip the song featuring young thug on the new calvin harris album . 
  please do n't fall for the scam in the youtube comments pretending to be the real vevo account . 
  it seems to be the most upvoted comment . 
   bieber filled the chris brown hole, 
  yep , this also applies to chris brown . 
  what 's gp ? 
  is that a commonly used abbreviation in this subreddit ? 
  i do n't think i 've seen it anywhere else . 
  had to google atrl as well . 
  definitely more trustworthy than a random reddit user . 
  it 's actually pretty sad how everyone but him is so confrontational . 
  sounds like baseball made not boring . 
  it 's the other people talking shit about his sport who are being defensive . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the videos are free . 
  this is very impractical . 
  first you have to watch the whole episode and make notes . 
  i wish it was so easy for everyone . 
  see i noticed this quite a few times already . 
  when you confront these people talking you out of suicide they always suddenly become rude , start swearing at you , etc. 
  i 'd rather see them in porn . 
   that 's very amercanocentric, 
  it really is n't . 
  it 's nowhere near as popular as asterix & obelix for example . 
  imax 3d is awesome , regular 3d is gimmicky . 
  it 's a great movie . 
  i use mp3tag to tag the files . 
  then i have folders with the genre/artist - album ( year ) structure . 
  after the tagging , i upload the files to apple music or google music . 
  if you have an adblocker it works just fine . 
  so what is the problem ? 
  everything works just fine . 
  it does n't even matter if it 's bad or not . 
  music taste is subjective . 
  if you said chainsmokers instead of flume everyone would be agreeing with you lol, 
  better than anything flume ever put out . 
  here in the czech republic there was no legislature about movie ratings until 2012 . 
  before that , the distributors themselves rated the movies but cinemas did not enforce the ratings . 
  now only some of them do . 
  i remember seeing the new alien in the cinema ( rated `` inaccessible for 15 and below '' ) and there were lots of younger kids . 
  maybe it 's because i saw it in a small local cinema . 
  the ratings are, 
  * accessible for everyone, 
  * inaccessible for 12 and below, 
  * inaccessible for 15 and below, 
  * inaccessible for 18 and below, 
  it does n't matter if you 're with an adult , if you 're younger than the rating allows and the cinema enforces the age limit they wo n't let you see the movie . 
  i still remember the shitstorm in 2007 when an animated german movie was in the cinemas and there were many sexual jokes in it . 
  even though it was clearly marked `` inaccessible for 15 and below '' some parents still took their children to see it . 
  bamboozlement ensued . 
  this is why i wish older movies ' cgi was remade on some of the classics . 
  i know i would pay to see the lotr trilogy in the cinema with remade cgi . 
  i 've only seen john wick 2 , fast 8 , bye bye man , guardians 2 and covenant . 
  i say covenant was the best . 
  exceeded my expectations . 
  wick was average , but i did n't like the first one either . 
  fast 8 was fun as always .
