  funny thing is i did check the settings and i thought the slider was on the right side . 
  it 's kinda hard to tell . 
  sometimes it does n't happen , but often an npc just walks away during a dialogue . 
  lately i completely stopped visiting that subreddit because it was filled with political videos that completely cluttered it . 
  now the political videos got their own subreddit and / r/videos is finally usable again !, 
  for anyone who cares about their music , this is a vital information . 
  i found out the hard way . 
  i 'm in the process of moving to another service . 
  [ removed ], 
  i do n't really care that i ca n't see the sentence i 'm about to say . 
  i can live with that . 
  what i ca n't stand is how many times have npcs just walked away from me * while talking to me * . 
  sometimes i had to follow them to keep the conversation from being interrupted . 
  and that might be a problem when you 're in this `` cinematic mode '' or whatever it 's called and moving the camera too much interrupts the conversation too . 
  and sometimes they do n't even turn around when they talk to you . 
  if there ever is a mod to change the dialogue system i want it to be one that makes the people i 'm talking to stand still . 
  so i have this problem - i got a follow-up email from a previous chat conversation . 
  i am supposed to call support . 
  the problem is that i previously contacted support in english because my language did n't have the chat option . 
  now they want me to call , but i 'm not sure if i should call the us number or the number for my country ( czech republic ) . 
  does anybody have some experience with this situation ? 
  i do n't think calling overseas is a good idea , but i 'm also afraid the czech support will be useless . 
  he was complaining about boring quests , so i showed him how to get the [ silver shroud ] ( / spoiler ) quest . 
  and he fucking refused it after kent connolly explained what he wanted him to do . 
  why would anyone do that ? 
  what 's the point of playing the game then ? 
  he does shit like this all the time . 
  skipping most dialogue and then asking me what he 's supposed to do . 
  not reading any terminals . 
  only listening to holotapes when the quest requires it . 
  and he sucks at english so it makes even less sense to play the game . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  what 's there for him ? 
  i contacted support because i had a problem with the apple music app for android . 
  no playlists showing and incomplete library . 
  i did n't actually expect it to be helpful , but i was really desperate so i was willing to try anything . 
  first i tried chat . 
  i got the usual instructions like reinstall , reboot phone , log out and in ... everything i tried before i even contacted support . 
  oh well , they have to do it , i understand . 
  we did n't find a solution and it took almost 2 hours so i ended the chat session because i was so tired and hungry ( missed dinner because of it ) . 
  a week later , after the first update , i still had the issue . 
  so i contacted support again , this time i got someone who went a bit further and had me try some advanced steps but it did n't help either . 
  but this time , i was told to wait several days for an email about the issue . 
  i got it after a week and was instructed to call the support to put my account into the troubleshooting mode ( = giving access to my account to apple engineers ) . 
  then i provided some info about my issue and they told me they will look into it . 
  this is insane . 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  they actually took the time to try figure out my problem with my account . 
  i would never get this kind of service * anywhere * . 
  certainly not from spotify or fucking google ( which i 'm using now before i can switch to apple music completely ) . 
  it felt like they actually cared about me and wanted to solve the problem . 
  i 've never experienced anything like this and it was awesome . 
  this is what makes me consider switching to an iphone , even though it 's 3x more expensive than my current phone . 
  ( context : 20yo male living in the czech republic , surprised that customers are n't treated like shit all around the world ), 
  i wish there was a subreddit to discuss trends without anyone trying to prove themselves to be a better person for not knowing the trend . 
  i just watched the youtube rewind 2015 and while it was kinda disappointing i still enjoyed it . 
  i recognized some people . 
  not as much as last year , but that 's because i did n't really have time for youtube as much . 
  i also have the alientube extension that shows reddit comments under youtube videos and this time , it was really bad . 
  basically , every top comment is : `` i did n't recognize a single person '' or `` i only recognized some of the non-youtubers . '', 
  then there are tons of replies where people are just bragging about who recognizes less and patting themselves on the back for it . 
  why ? 
  why do you get joy from not knowing ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  you took the time to watch a video you * knew * wo n't feature your favorite youtubers just to make a completely pointless comment ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i still have the case : http://imgur.com/a/em6lf, 
  i accidentally recorded something over it years ago . 
  those cartoons were so much fun , but i had no luck finding anything - youtube , amazon , etc. 
  could you help me find this particular tape ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's youtube or an eshop . 
  i live in the czech republic so ordering something from germany hopefully should n't be a problem . 
  does anyone have any experience with this ? 
  it only happens to music i uploaded . 
  and please refrain from comments like `` apple music is shit anyway '' - not interested in these . 
  i know this is a known bug for the paid version but it just at started happening to me in the lite version . 
  what can i do ? 
  i 'm in android . 
  i wanted to make a playlist offline so i started downloading it , but then i needed to pause the download for a minute and now i ca n't get it to resume the download . 
  the playlist thinks it 's downloaded but when i go offline , half the songs in the playlist just buffer indefinitely . 
  i found out that restarting my phone makes it appear in the status bar again , but i 'm really not restarting my phone every time i want to resume a download ( btw force closing the app does n't help ) . 
  context : i 'm a 20yo student living in the czech republic . 
  i do n't ( knowingly ) know any gay people and am really desperate to at least talk to someone who is gay . 
  i am not good at real-life socializing so i thought i might try the internet first and ... it probably was n't a good idea . 
  i created a simple profile on two local websites for gay men , stating that i want to chat ( please do n't laugh ) . 
  i actually thought it might be possible to get a response i wanted . 
  but no , even though i did n't upload a photo and submitted my actual weight ( getting close to 220lbs ) i got about 10 messages on both sites that mostly consisted of :, 
  * underage boys, 
  * men over 35, 
  * people my age begging me to fuck them in the first message, 
  sigh ... 
  i know , i should 've stayed on reddit and find someone to chat here , but the desire to have a chance to eventually meet someone who might understand me was too strong . 
  i need a drink . 
  when i cover the speaker at the bottom the sound/volume does n't change . 
  when i cover the lower back of the phone the volume goes down . 
  is that intentional ? 
  waking up itself ( especially early ) is already something that can ruin my day and showering makes it even worse . 
  i always feel cold and very uncomfortable in the morning and getting wet is a way to increase those feelings unbearably . 
  some people say showers make them feel more fresh . 
  but if i feel like a sack of shit , after a shower i feel like a sack of shit too , except wet .
