  he 's one of the most sensible , organized and hard-working leaders on the nexus . 
  i really like him . 
  damn , your ryder looks cool . 
  but deserves a much deeper voice . 
  i do n't know , to me it seemed like he was slightly irritated by the whole ordeal , but not as extremely as addison . 
  i wish i could tell * her * that she 's an insufferable bitch and i do n't give a fuck about her opinion . 
  i do n't think that 's going to work . 
  [ example of a song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr3ecugiqnm ) you can hear at the beginning that the guitar plays in the left channel and the whistling is in the right channel . 
  i 'm trying to balance a song like [ this one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr3ecugiqnm ) you can hear the whistling and the guitar at the beginning are each in a different channel . 
  it 's driving me crazy but i ca n't find an even version anywhere . 
  thanks !, 
  no , but when i do it 's random lines and pressing space twice every time gets annoying . 
  no , she looks like a child . 
  she looks like some character from the ot . 
  the biker certainly did n't have to overreact like that . 
  i 'm already nervous near balloons . 
  how do you even notice that . 
  for some reason i find this video very irritating . 
  similar to those asmr videos . 
  of course we get a muslim hater here . 
  but muh muslim terrorists !!!!, 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's not annoying at all , that 's how . 
  nah , i get annoyed by it too . 
  it 's just that barely a minute of it is not enough to notice it . 
  no , cerberus or the im are not involved with ai in any way . 
  i have n't been able to connect to icloud with the app the past few days . 
  may be related . 
  yes , but i do n't see the reason for the 99 % of the comments to be `` but they did n't crack denuvo !!!! '' ... 
  yes , we can clearly see that , no need to flood the thread with it . 
  lately it 's been like this - if you do n't release a game with cracked denuvo your release only gets hate . 
  it 's tiresome . 
  this is n't / r/cpycirclejerk or / r/crackdenuvoordie, 
  exactly !, 
  with codex at least i know i will get the newest update for the game . 
  yeah , but that could 've stopped with the first person pointing it out . 
  now this thread is just a bunch of `` they did n't crack denuvo '' comments . 
  mfw i see a photo of a cringey youtuber . 
  they are not wrong . 
  oh no , such a nice car . 
  good to know . 
  lenin was n't so cautious himself . 
  parents ca n't always ensure their kid does n't get fat . 
  my parents were all about eating healthy , but to me eating healthy was being denied tasty food . 
  when i went away for college i got fat really fast . 
  lol this is so terrible, 
  i do , it 's cheaper . 
  there 's also silent hill , assassin 's creed and postal . 
  those were really good . 
  i know what you mean , most of movies based on games did n't turn out that well but i think me has that potential . 
  especially now with andromeda when there 's a fresh start . 
  just a reminder - you can download the whole album by putting the link in jdownloader . 
  also , it took me fucking ages to upload this thing because of my slow upload and stupid imgur limits . 
  yep , by uwe boll . 
  postal , tunnel rats , far cry and rampage are all pretty good . 
  it does n't offer everything . 
  my point was i 'm not paying for a service that does n't offer everything . 
  maybe, 
  jdownloader . 
  works best imo . 
  it 's almost impossible to avoid duplicates at this volume . 
  especially if you edit the images to fit the screen better . 
  he 's too cute , i had to include him, 
  pretty much clickbait . 
  do you really think it happened the way this clickbait article presents it ? 
  he most likely walked out because of tarantino 's attitude . 
  universal basic income is inevitable . 
  pretty tasteless club, 
  who gives their 12 y/o a pat on the back for a home run ?!, 
  you know what i got for my first ? 
  a slap in the face . 
  she does n't have the mind of a ( 14 year old ) boy . 
  calm down, 
  yeah , i completely agree . 
  it 's unfortunate but it 's the truth . 
  it is a sex crime . 
  if it 's a crime to do it to an adult , it 's a crime to do it to a child . 
  yeah , since he won he 's going to be here forever . 
  right ???? 
  guys ??? 
  you take yourself seriously  good luck spending your whole life `` discussing '' politics , i 'm disabling replies, 
  ugh , i always hate how killing children is somehow considered more disturbing . 
  the reason why we 're getting 14 transformers movies and 10 fast and furiouseseses is because people are more likely to pay for a movie they know will not disapponint them . 
  if you know ( like me ) that none of the f&f movies has disapponited you yet , you 'll gladly pay to see them . 
   ( not to turn this into yet another worthless marvel vs dc debate ), 
  you just did . 
  the dc movies are far better than anything marvel for the past few years . 
  i go to the cinema maybe twice a year . 
  if i 'm paying a lot of money to see a movie i have to be guaranteed to enjoy it . 
  i love the whole trilogy and consider it one complete movie experience . 
  just like lotr . 
  bvs alone is miles better than avengers , but i guess some people just ca n't accept the truth . 
  let 's just leave it at that , shall we ? 
  i 'll go ahead and disable replies . 
  i ca n't even tell the difference . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  the d is giving out gold , huh ? 
  thank you !,
