  let me guess , it 's the car brand 's fault ? 
  yeah , the anti-bmw circlejerk makes me sick too . 
  you must be well liked in / r/funny . 
  haha , so funny !, 
  well that 's the problem , he 's driving a fucking subaru . 
  go to a fucking race track . 
  i actually did n't even notice any difference . 
  nice job mods . 
  you must go to parties . 
  i mean , ca n't we let them have their fun movie ? 
  they 're a dying breed anyway . 
  this makes me sad , i hope we get that feature too . 
  great idea to endanger others just so you can play a cop yourself . 
  great thinking there . 
  yeah , he was totally talking about everyone in this subreddit . 
  you 're so brave . 
  what a du-do . 
   lots of these albums are fake, 
   lots of these albums are fake, 
   lots of these albums are fake, 
  i hope so . 
  i invested a lot of time in organizing my library , apple music is really good for that . 
  and cammer decides do engage . 
  i like turtles . 
  not engage ? 
  if someone is trying to provoke you like that you do n't start flashing your lights at them or try to overtake them again . 
  as in driving behind them and not changing lanes . 
  or temporary exiting the highway . 
  a teen mom . 
  that 's because meditation does n't work . 
  it 's some semi religious bullshit . 
  you 're making excuses for yourself to bring him down . 
  everyone in this thread is so full of shit . 
  there is only one way to stop giving a fuck and that is an external impulse . 
  something or someone else is what can trigger the change , not you . 
  it will be very emotionally distressing and only then it will have any effect . 
  sadly i am in a similar position to op so i ca n't help . 
  sure , i will gladly take advice from someone who just called me a piece of shit !, 
  fuck you too !, 
  the same should apply to cigarettes as well . 
  we definitely love getting our cars vandalized by people like you . 
  being drunk in public is a disturbance . 
   so , i thought she was just laying out the truth of the world . 
  this is the main thing i started noticing as i got older . 
  more and more i start to question everything i 've been taught as a fact . 
  parents and relatives in general love to project their views on children as facts . 
  i will answer this for my mom - a dryer . 
  she would always say it 's a waste of money . 
  now she complains when the dryer does n't work , 
  it is indeed a power thing . 
   rips and tears , terrible wear, 
  that has nothing to do with hygiene . 
  grass is always greener on the other side . 
  seriously , most europeans wo n't understand why an american would want to live in any of the countries around here . 
  and plenty of them damage other peoples ' and public property and yell under our windows in the middle of the night . 
  fuck drunktards . 
  i have yet to experience a sober person stomping the back of my car while yelling obscenities . 
  and you believe . 
  that 's ignorant by itself . 
  statistics can be twisted into anything . 
  but still , feel free to post a statistic that says that sober people cause more disturbances between 10pm and 5am than drunk people . 
  i do n't care about placebo effects or bribed studies . 
  nobody is denying that sitting down , closing your eyes and relaxing is n't helping , but that 's not what medifreaks claim to do . 
  you 're just not paying attention . 
  i was talking about the time drunktards crawl outside from the beginning . 
  pulling out those fancy fallacies of yours you learned in some til post will not make my argument any weaker . 
  drunks are the main cause of disturbances during the night and you have an alcohol problem . 
  i ca n't see any other reason why you argue with me . 
   i 'm ignorant because i pray and it works ? 
  same argument . 
  no it does n't . 
  i know what it is exactly . 
  the meditards want you to believe it 's about relaxing , but once you start digging deeper they start throwing their ` mindfulness ' and other bullshit at you and suddenly you know exactly where you stand . 
  you 're just ridiculing yourself now . 
  lol . 
  have a nice flight . 
  you speak like a true redditor , just repeating phrases that do n't mean anything in the real world , 
  does n't matter , i 'm telling the truth , drunkie . 
  it 's both fiction . 
  relaxing has nothing to do with meditation . 
  just call it relaxing then . 
  aw , you want to sound even more condescending ? 
  keep trying troll , 
  i 'm not the one arguing on drunktards ' behalf . 
  fuck people who damage my property . 
  you are one of them . 
  eh , you really need help . 
  you are one of the drunks , not the people who damaged my property . 
  did someone damage your brain ? 
  ohhhh guys i just had an orgasm with that ` totally a straw man ' straw man !!!, 
  calm down , you 're still wrong . 
  calm down . 
  i did n't read your comment , keep the psychobabble to yourself . 
  you are a drunk , you need help and i ca n't be the one who helps you . 
  really ? 
  that 's almost where i was couple months ago and at that weight you either are very fit or just really fat . 
  yeah , i 'm the same height and 20lbs heavier and i 'm still pretty fat . 
  nah , you might think that but meditation does not work . 
  relaxing does . 
  seek help , it 's good for you .
