  i also like to imagine alternative universes . 
  yeah , similar with fat people . 
  shaming them is n't going to solve anything . 
  it 's almost like some people like it and some do n't . 
  weird . 
  if you wish . 
   so we ( healthy individuals ) have to finance their inevitable medical problems directly resulting from it . 
  do you think the same way about smokers or people who get drunk often ? 
  cyclist drives normally , everyone loses their fucking mind . 
  [ link to the original on deviantart . 
  ] ( http://waldemar-kazak.deviantart.com/art/moscow-subway-118374090?comments_view=1 ), 
  oh i get it , it 's crap because you do n't like it . 
  it may indicate fear , but horror is n't just fear . 
  you could say that about anything bad happening to people on screen . 
  wtf , i was n't even allowed to watch that movie until i was like 13 . 
  if you did n't believe him you would just ignore him . 
  i think it 's because of those let 's players . 
  they see their favourite one having fun playing the game exactly the same way and then they are disappointed because suddenly it 's not fun anymore without an obnoxious douchebag yelling at the camera . 
  the memory den in goodneighbor , there is a room with a ghoul . 
  i mostly do n't like how he * complains * about something that he caused himself by playing the game the way he does . 
  he 's 17 , but since he 's my younger brother i always see him as a little kid . 
  they are all the same , so probably yes . 
  i agree , what i wanted to say was that teenagers usually tend to watch the `` screamos '' more . 
  he 's 17 . 
  he actually got a ps4 last year because he preferred it to a gaming pc . 
  over the weekend we share a room ... and i do n't exactly go out . 
  neither does he . 
  i agree , i have lots of favourite youtubers who make quality content . 
  it 's just that when someone in the same room watches a certain type of them all day i get a bit frustrated . 
  they are working on it . 
  they have access to my account . 
  i never found a way to contact support . 
  how did you do it ? 
  maybe he is n't an american . 
  yep . 
  and it does n't even end there . 
  i was born in '95 so ... 
  i 'm one of those kids . 
  this is the most ridiculous sentence i 've read today . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  how do you contact google support via chat or call ? 
  i 'm from the czech republic and i do n't remember learning about fire safety at all . 
  where are you from ? 
  i think our equivalent would be first aid courses . 
  i have experienced them so many times that it would be impossible to forget them . 
  not everybody wants you . 
  my brother bought it and it looks extremely disappointing . 
  i thought this was supposed to be an hd version ? 
  it just looks bad . 
  * worse * than the phone version , that 's just ridiculous . 
  it looks they just made the ps2 version run on ps4 , nothing else . 
  or was it supposed to be like this ? 
  i did n't know that , i 'm really sorry for asking . 
  ftfy, 
  guys i think they 're trying to communicate . 
  we just have to listen !, 
  i know , but you 're simplifying the issue too much . 
  i mean , you 're not wrong but ... 
  i like them too , but to be honest , the last album was trash . 
  like i said , it 's only wise to wait and hear it from the man himself . 
  who cares ? 
  she 's not going to be around by the time it 's done . 
  sometimes it feels like talking to a robot . 
  google relies on advertisement . 
  they advertise their streaming service to you in exchange for giving you a free service for uploading and managing your bought music . 
  heh , i have a similar reason , except it was a ghoul . 
  my family always had an electric kettler and we never used it to cook rice or pasta ( wtf ?? ) . 
  rice and pasta goes in a pot with hot water , then you get it boiling . 
  yeah , i keep reading about foreigners trying to learn the local language by speaking it , but never bothering to inform the people they talk to . 
  i 'm going through a problem with my icloud library and the reset is one of the things the support wanted to try . 
  they said they will send me instructions after i back up my music . 
  maybe try contacting support ? 
  there is , you can try chat or email . 
  but if the issue requires them to access your account , they will insist on calling . 
  they asked me my security questions . 
  that was really embarrassing , i did n't know a single one . 
  yeah , i like the model too . 
  found the downvote brigade . 
  you do n't have to be mad you ca n't afford a car like that . 
  it 's ok , do n't cry . 
  so , not at all ? 
  that 's a disgusting combination . 
  interesting , suddenly people downvote a comment shitting on bmws ? 
  itt : i ca n't afford your car , fuck you !, 
  ah , the car enthusiast has spoken . 
  itt : i 'm watching a youtube video about famous youtubers . 
  i never watch their videos but am surprised i do n't recognize anyone . 
  this is one of the few occasions when reddit comments are worse than youtube comments . 
  seriously , can you all stop jerking off to not recognizing famous youtubers ? 
  justin bieber . 
  i do n't care what anyone says , he 's fucking hot . 
  i feel genuinely sorry for you . 
  no need to hide your sadness . 
  i understand the `` do n't feed the trolls '' , but sometimes it feels like the trolls and their opinions are fed * to * * me * . 
  why do you love it ? 
  you are sick . 
  yeah , studies and shit . 
  like totally legit science yo . 
  so you did n't get it . 
  another one who ca n't read the letter \u00fc .
