  that plotline is so uninteresting it hurts . 
  looks at all those angry circumcised downvoters !, 
  their tears are so sweet !, 
  as a gay guy , that 's how i feel about tits this whole show . 
  hah , my reaction was exactly opposite . 
  i could n't see any . 
  i made sure several times . 
  it 's not like my government is letting me have biological children so no worries . 
  i do n't know what it is about his guy . 
  he looks absolutely gorgeous on photos but in motion he 's kinda awkward . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5102828/ ), 
  surrogacy is not really a thing here and especially not for gay couples . 
  well , i took some test that looked kinda legitimate but it told me i have iq of 121 which seems improbable . 
  i would n't expect someone who does n't do well at school to have this score . 
   once because the guy ordered me a salad - hold the croutons , and himself a steak , without letting me get a word in edgewise . 
  it 's funny how i can tell exactly what he was thinking when he 's done that . 
  i wish i had people like that in my life . 
  everyone is so goddamn nice . 
  there 's at least one empty soda can somewhere and some used tissues . 
  yeah , that 's pretty fucked up . 
  i get they might 've been expensive for them but it does n't justify her behavior . 
  he said he called 911 , what else was he supposed to do ? 
  you probably had something in there , she helped you clean it out . 
  i do n't understand you guys . 
  why are you talking about this girl as if she 's some evil robot ? 
  she is not the problem in this situation , op is . 
  if he ca n't handle being a friend with a woman , it 's his problem to deal with . 
  absolutely , you are 100 % right . 
  my guess is he is very controlling when it comes to his girlfriend 's weight . 
  they actually said recently that they do n't plan to do that ( on their official request forum ) . 
  you made an insufferable elitist out of her . 
  that 's not how logic works . 
  jerking off at the end of the video . 
  especially when they 're sitting next to each other without any eye contact ( typically russian porn ) . 
  unless i 'm watching a fucking circlejerk i do n't want to see that shit . 
  i actually prefer that to [ coming on his back . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akmdy4iw12a ), 
  my personal hope is that the head of everyone involved with dubbing will implode trying to come up with something and we can finally live in peace and prosperity . 
  just another opinionated person i do n't need in my life . 
  she 's feeding on people 's insecurities . 
  just like those who promote unsustainable diets . 
  literally no other post with `` dubbing '' in the title ... why do i even bother . 
  i would love a mod that would allow me to mute all dialogue . 
  i use xyplorer whenever windows explorer fails me . 
  czech republic . 
  did you by any chance use a throwaway email service ? 
  this is what i 've been doing . 
  except i leave it in the original mkv file . 
  is there any benefit in converting it ? 
  well it did happen to me before so i suggest waiting a few days . 
  but if you 're in a hurry try changing the email and maybe it will be faster this time . 
  exactly . 
  opening these comments i knew exactly what i was going to find here . 
  fuck the party culture . 
  i do n't have a problem finding amateur porn , i have a problem finding amateur porn that is n't laggy and low resolution . 
  i basically only make changes in my library in itunes . 
  phone app tends to mess up badly . 
  what i did n't like about those was that my dad would turn them into interrogation sessions . 
  i know there would be questions . 
  just let me eat the fucking food in peace . 
  it 's a great way to have your children to develop an eating disorder . 
  you have to eat now !, 
  you have to eat this much !, 
  do n't you dare to not eat when you 're not hungry . 
  i really liked it , too . 
  such an interesting insight , it actually makes me appreciate some music more . 
  i love this man so much . 
  oh my god i though this was / r/subredditsimulator, 
   motherfucker i used to weigh 550 pounds , i 'm lucky i know what a salad is, 
  oh god i just fell off my chair laughing . 
  today my dad told me that eating while standing will give me ulcers . 
  thinking back about my childhood i 'm not sure if i can trust anything he taught me anymore . 
  that 's why you fucking save the videos you like , dumbass . 
  i never understood why i was forced to eat the vegetables i hated when there were many i actually liked . 
  try exploring other genres . 
  i listen mostly to hip hop but still have favorites in most genres . 
  that way you will never be bored of one genre again . 
  yet you still had to share your opinion . 
  well , shit , i 'm on windows so i guess i wo n't see any change ? 
  is there a way to use that font in windows ? 
  better not punish at all then . 
  i live in the czech republic and wanted to use mfp but manually adding something every day starts to get really annoying after some time . 
  also the foods often miss the `` 1 gram '' option and only have the imperial units . 
  this is why i do n't participate in reddit communities dedicated to tv shows anymore . 
  they freak out and have a fit about everything and try to ruin the experience for everyone . 
  why does it look like the commenters just want to have a reason to hate trans people ? 
  hiding their hate behind ` scientific discussion ' . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  i would love to see that . 
  that would be perfect imo . 
  bibond . 
  alex bertie is my favorite . 
  i do n't really know any i dislike . 
  they were never informed in the first place . 
  i speak from experience . 
  i used to be like them except i never had a reason to express my opinion so i never really had an opinion . 
  he never claimed this was a repost . 
  i expect children to have a self-preservation instinct . 
  you do n't * stop * near a crosswalk . 
  i think a lot of confusion comes in this thread comes from americans .
