  if you are n't satisfied with the result you have only two options - live the rest of your life being miserable or end your life . 
  i do n't see any other options . 
  i chose to keep suffering because i 'm too much of a coward to do something about it . 
  my dad is like this too . 
  he thinks he 's funny but in reality he 's just hurting me more . 
  i learned that telling him has only one effect - he gets offended that i did n't find his joke funny . 
  i find this attitude refreshing because it 's rare here on reddit . 
  i like that we have a subreddit like this . 
  weekday : i wake up at the latest time i can afford to , get dressed , grab my stuff and go to school . 
  sometimes i brush my teeth . 
  weekend : wake up at a random time , usually earlier than during the week . 
  then i get dressed . 
  end of routine . 
  i used to take the train twice a week for 4 years . 
  3 hours , 3 different trains for each trip . 
  i know damn well what you 're talking about . 
  the worst was winter . 
  it gets dark very soon which means the lights are on inside the train . 
  that means you can see the perfect reflection of the inside of the train in every window . 
  then you just do n't have anywhere to look . 
  you can either look at peoples ' feet , stare at them or stare at their reflection . 
  fucking hated this . 
  plus it was always so crowded that i could n't even take off my coat so i was sitting in an overheated train with a coat on , nowhere to look and nervous about potentially missing my stop . 
  sometimes i would stand up thinking that it was my stop and immediately realize i made a mistake . 
  i usually took my bags and at least went to stay at the door . 
  i also accidentally boarded the train headed the other way once . 
  i also accidentally sat in the first class coupe once , luckily the conductor was understanding . 
  there 's still much more stuff i hated but overall - taking a train is fun unless it 's not a choice . 
  oh , i did n't even know this was a thing !, 
  thank you for this !, 
  maybe it will work better . 
  btw i have a sony xperia z1 compact and the widget is there ( still on the play store version ) . 
  i see two idiots raging at each other . 
  never , unless someone else does it for me . 
  i live in a dorm and i also have two groups of underwear like this . 
  it 's your choice . 
  you could say this about any group of people . 
  i choose to give everyone a chance . 
  i think most of us already heard how they rationalize it . 
  `` i do n't really believe all the stuff that 's in the book '' or `` you 're not supposed to take it literally '' . 
  do i accept these explanations ? 
  can i ignore it and move on since it does n't really affect anything ? 
  yes . 
  those people are idiots in this regard but that does n't mean i do n't want them in my life . 
  i feel the same way about smokers but i still manage to be friends with them . 
   i thought being an adult meant knowing everything and being prepared for everything . 
  i will never be able to get over this . 
   do n't just sit on your ass passively waiting to die, 
  why not . 
  it 's a way to deal with life . 
  it 's easy for you to say that if you were taught not to follow the script . 
  your thinking is completely different . 
  my parents always forced me to finish the place . 
  i still hate the shit they forced on me . 
  i do n't understand . 
  are you religious and at the same time calling me out on trusting religious people ? 
  do n't choose the college where your friends go , most of them will drop out or stop talking to you . 
  do n't choose the college everyone wants you to , you wo n't be happy there . 
  luckily i still have the original version uploaded . 
   of course this really turned me on , and i was n't embarrassed at all because we 're both very attractive and muscular -- but it was freaky because he never did that . 
  this is the part that makes me doubt the authenticity of your `` story '' . 
  no , you worries are legitimate . 
  i worry about the same stuff and the best thing you can do is to just accept it . 
  i hate it because of the seeds . 
  that 's why i avoid eating hamburgers . 
  i 'll never understand how it is even possible to construct and coordinate something like this . 
  i do n't for two reasons - my english is still bad and i would feel silly doing it . 
  i 'm pretty sure you wo n't find any child porn by searching `` little girls naked '' in google ... 
  kids are only annoying if their parents fail . 
  yeah , she 's totally a narcissist . 
  not the kid 's fault at all . 
  yep . 
  i 'm not even excited for new models anymore . 
  i still have my paperwhite ( 1st gen ) and i am going to use it until it breaks . 
  what i care about is screen quality and speed . 
  seems like these two aspects did n't improve much . 
   stops talking to him because `` he would n't approve of her talking to other guys . '', 
  is this something he actually says or only she did ? 
  this is completely understandable . 
  it usually is just a joke so this one is on her . 
  they were kind but also very strict about everything . 
  i had to behave perfectly in public , never cuss , always finish the plate , stuff like that . 
  lots of other parents were much less strict and their children grew up to be very social and capable of forming friendships . 
  unlike me . 
  yep , i do n't need my existence to be archived for others to see . 
  yeah this is useless when you give up after getting hit the first time . 
  there 's no reason to keep fucking moving when there is no future . 
  i may be losing a friend right now . 
  it 's just too much work , too much worrying and fear to keep a friendship going . 
  fuck that . 
  are n't we all ? 
  somebody has to lose , only then can others win . 
  during high school when everyone else was dating and i was just sitting at my computer all day worrying about everything . 
  what 's up with that shit music , though ? 
  that 's the reason he does n't have a license yet . 
  and again , the cammer just has to road rage too . 
  why do you hate people on this subreddit so much ? 
  that might happen , but someone has to gift it to me  maybe for christmas . 
  it 's almost like a switch that flips in my head and suddenly an agreement is all that matters . 
  i wish i could get rid of this .
