  during summer it gets a bit tricky because just walking outside in a t-shirt really makes me uncomfortable because of the shape of my body , especially how i slouch . 
  i 'm not sure if the slouching it one of the reasons i 'm anxious outside or if it 's the result of the anxiety -- probably both . 
  but i found out that if i wear a backpack it makes me feel the same way as having a hoodie on . 
  suddenly it 's easier to walk upright and i 'm more likely to stay outside longer . 
  what i do n't know is if this is a good way to deal with anxiety or not . 
  am i making it worse by making myself more comfortable ? 
  is it making me more anxious in the long term ? 
  [ removed ], 
  basically , i want to use this pop up as a reminder . 
  i do n't care how it 's going to look or what kind of pop up it is . 
  i tried doing this with the task scheduler but it 's not possible . 
  the point 4 of [ this wikihow article ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/merge-onto-the-highway-without-crashing ) says to slow down but never stop . 
  but what to do when the acceleration lane is ending and i know i wo n't be able to merge ? 
  personally i love apple juice . 
  if it was n't so unhealthy i would drink it all the time . 
  i 've had a runny nose for the past ~ 45 days . 
  i ca n't figure out what 's causing it . 
  i though i had a cold or something but it should n't last that long , right ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere in the settings . 
  i find that the angrier i am , the closer i 'm getting to being furious , my confidence rises . 
  and i kinda like it . 
  i wish i could be angry all the time . 
  the confidence , the not giving a fuck is so freeing . 
  [ removed ], 
  so i 've just seen doctor strange . 
  my understanding was , that the being the bad guys were fighting for was something beyond time . 
  and now i 've seen some list of the most powerful beings in the marvel universe and he is n't even in the top 10 ... 
  so my questions are :, 
  * should i completely disregard comics characters when trying to understand the cinematic universe ? 
  * is dormammu currently the most powerful being in the cinematic universe ? 
  * if not who is ? 
  and how would you rank all the characters from the movies by power ? 
  i have n't seen spiderman btw . 
  just a note : nobody in my family and close relatives smoke . 
  now i 'm on holiday but during the school year i 'm exposed to second-hand smoke several times a week while going to school . 
  i have n't logged into my account in the last few months . 
  this morning i got an email saying the account email was changed to one i do n't know . 
  luckily there was an option to recover the account so i promptly changed my password but it still freaked me out . 
  the password i had on that account was old and reused many times but i 've actually gone through the process of generating new secure passwords for every site involved years ago . 
  somehow i must 've missed my rockstar account . 
  stupid of me i know , but i was a kid when i first created it . 
  luckily that * lithuanian * asshole only changed the email and the country setting . 
  i 'm almost tempted to email him something snarky but i 'm afraid he 's going to retaliate , 
  i also noticed that a lot of people got their accounts stolen but were never able to recover them so i guess the option to recover was added to the email as a reaction to that ? 
  edit : i fucking hate that when i have to enable subreddit theme to see the flairs ... 
  it 's a czech video site . 
  [ example video here . 
  when i open that in chrome , it plays well without any ads or overlays . 
  in firefox the video area just gets dark gray . 
  i figured out that after disabling cosmetic filters it shows adblock warning with the video playing in the background . 
  when i manually add a cosmetic filter the overlay is gone . 
  but as soon as i reload the page it happens again . 
  no idea how to make it disappear permanently . 
  any ideas ? 
  [ rihanna - nobody 's business ] ( https://youtu.be/dzqvmhicyvq?t=2 ), 
  the rocky relationship of rihanna and chris brown has been a really interesting thing to witness . 
  they broke up and got together many times but now it seems to be a thing of the past . 
  many people were angry and disappointed with rihanna when she decided to forgive brown and there was a lot of victim blaming and questioning her reasoning . 
  is it truly that unrealistic to be in love with someone who has n't always been good to you ? 
  rihanna has always given off the vibe of someone who 's confident in themselves and ca n't be manipulated that easily . 
  maybe their relationship was set to fail not because of anything that happened between them but because of the public reaction to whatever was happening at the time . 
  celebrities ' relationships do sometimes feel like they are being decided by fans or haters ( even though i hate that word , it 's so tacky ) . 
  i think we should really be careful about how we try to influence the private lives of people who may have decided to be a public commodity of sort but that does n't necessarily take away their right to at least a little bit of privacy . 
  or does it ? 
  maybe you feel like artists owe us their entire lives and we are the ones who get to decide what 's acceptable or not ? 
  [ removed ], 
  [ conflicted ], 
  it 's a [ panasonic rx-ft530 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6dvpyer.jpg ) and it 's absolutely amazing !, 
  everything still works perfectly , except i do n't have my new music on cassette tapes anymore , 
  i 'll probably also use it to backup my old tapes . 
  too bad it does n't also have a line out , i 'll have to use the headphones port . 
  listening to the new lana del rey album on this is such a great experience . 
  do you still use any of your old devices ? 
  what are your experiences ? 
  this almost makes me want to buy one of those bandcamp albums that get released on tape . 
  i live in the czech republic . 
  when i used to rent movies more than 10 years ago it cost ~ $ 1.5 to rent one movie . 
  when i look at the current google play movies prices , a new movie costs ~ $ 5 to rent . 
  the average wages increased by 20 % and movie rentals prices increased by 230 % . 
  what gives ? 
  i just ca n't figure out which rule i should create to get the results i need . 
  tried several programs but they are useless in my hands . 
  i have several folders with photos . 
  every folder has the photos named with numbers starting with 1 with no 0 prefix . 
  [ every folder looks like this . 
  the first thing i need is to take two folders and change how the second one is numbered according to the first one - the second one should begin where the first one ends . 
  so if the last image in the first one has the number 45 i need the second folder to start at 46 and up . 
  the second thing i need is to create a gap every three numbers for the next three numbers . 
  so the files in the folder should go 1 , 2 , 3 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 13 , 14 , 15 ... 
  the third thing i need is to rename the files in the third folder so they fit into this gap . 
  so the files in the third folder should be named 4 , 5 , 6 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 16 , 17 , 18 ... . 
  i would really appreciate if someone who already knows how to use these renaming programs helped me with this . 
  this is a one-time thing for me and learning how to do this would probably take me longer than to rename it manually . 
  i use windows 10 . 
  the fact that reddit is literally riddled with alt rock fanboys is insufferable, 
  open itunes -  file -  library -  export library and save the xml file, 
  go to [ https://beathound.com/] ( https://beathound.com/ ) and upload the xml file, 
  after they analyze the file you 'll get your first email . 
  unless you unsubscribe they will keep sending them weekly . 
  you can also upload new xml file any time,
