  i also like how the items look . 
  it 's all so nicely polished and smooth . 
  what i agree on though are the loading screens with every visit to a neighbour . 
  why ? 
  but overall i love it . 
  games on my laptop almost universally suffer from screen tearing . 
  it does n't matter what driver is installed . 
  when the game does n't have the option i usually have to manually force it in the graphic card 's settings . 
  i was a vegetarian during watching [ earthlings ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0358456/combined ) . 
  also a phase . 
  i used to be into the 9/11 conspiracy theories and watched a lot of `` documentaries '' about it . 
  it took one south park episode to realize i was being an idiot . 
  it does a lot , but the screen tearing is unbearable . 
  it used to affect youtube videos too . 
  i watch straight porn sometimes when the guy is good looking . 
  it 's pretty easy to ignore the woman , it 's basically the same you do , but you ignore the guy . 
  i do n't know why but i imagined them as claire and haley from modern family . 
  winamp is still a great option . 
  i just checked my goodreads library to find my review and i saw i have exactly * 88 * books rated [ lol ] ( http://imgur.com/zs9upwu ) . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  it has always looked the same and played music , nothing has changed for me . 
  xperia ray . 
  it was perfect and i loved it , but started to feel a little bit too small . 
  so i got the z1 compact about a month ago and i could n't be happier . 
  perfect size , super smooth , great looking . 
  oh my god it 's so cringy when english speakers try to imitate german language ... 
  i think it 's [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mystery_of_the_urinal_deuce ) one , but i 'm not sure . 
  thank you , i was confused by the wikipedia page , it still says the opposite . 
  yeah , he looks like he would be fun to hang out with . 
  that smile !, 
  there are literally * tens * of us . 
  this would actually freak me out , because i am really scared of getting stuff into my eyes and and in this situation you do n't even have any chance to find out what 's going on . 
  at least he loves his mom . 
  some artists are n't popular enough or do n't have enough songs i guess . 
  i must be a terrorist then . 
  this is just so weird . 
  i live in a country where you are required by law to carry id in public at all times and i thought that was the norm in the world . 
  edit : sorry for misinformation , the wiki article with this information is wrong . 
  this seems to be false after the year 2000 when it was abolished . 
  i tried audiobooks but i have a couple of problems with them - at some point i unintentionally stop paying attention and dive in my own thoughts and the narrator is usually too slow . 
  i 've never seen a game of rugby . 
  it looks like people who do n't know rules of football trying to play football . 
  exactly , it even has it as an option in the settings ( unlike spotify ) . 
  you can use the [playlists.net ] ( http://open.spotify.com/app/playlists-net ) app . 
  that is interesting . 
  it seems to me that getting a voter id is more hassel than a photo id . 
  what do people without a photo id use when they buy liquor or want to open a bank account ? 
  in my country ( czech republic ) i also needed an id to get the driver 's license and it 's needed all the time for other things ( my university lent us robots for programming course and we had to give them our id info ) . 
  it seems to me that living a life without an id must be pretty hard . 
  it * will * store the music on your sd card but only if you have more free space there . 
  it 's ok , i never know which word i should refer to this sport with when browsing english-speaking websites . 
  this movie is awesome . 
  i think it 's one of those that did n't fulfill people 's expectations , because they expected the wrong thing . 
  i did n't really enjoy this movie . 
  after i saw the new godzilla i understood why - too many robots . 
  honest trailers are great if you feel like mocking a movie you did n't like . 
  the flaws they point out are usually unimportant and totally unrelated to why other people liked it . 
  when browsing the official forums i read there that the spotify app should give you a choice when you first open it after a fresh install and ask you what your prefered storage is , but that did n't happen to me . 
  but i had the main storage half full with apps already and the sd card was empty so it worked . 
  what country do you live in ? 
  i can still access it from czech republic . 
  i feel similar . 
  it 's not that i do n't enjoy their music , they 're just not even close to eminem 's musical qualities . 
  there 's no need for this , we already have [ trshady ] ( http://forum.trshady.com/ ) . 
  there 's not really any reason to discuss eminem now . 
  maybe after shadyxv but now ? 
  i really would n't call pacific rim charming . 
  what about making a folder and then saving albums as playlists in it ? 
  i do it this way . 
  mass effect and dragon age series have great dialog options , but they 're mostly serious . 
  what about l.a. noire ? 
  i heard that the interrogations are fun . 
  i live in a country where gay marriage is n't legal yet , and the main argument is - a family is supposed to be a man and a woman . 
  it is n't a religious argument , it 's the `` traditional values '' one . 
  as a kid who rarely went out i find this interesting . 
  i always prefered being alone , but my parents wanted to do everything together as a family so i usually did n't have the chance to . 
  this leads to people talking to each other while eating . 
  what am i doing wrong when no kind of coffee has any noticeable affect on me ? 
  i do n't like how the humor around them has to be about bad parenting now . 
  at least it seems like it , because they are raising a spoiled and unmannered child . 
  in the last episode ( probably ) they did n't know how to tell lilly they did n't like her smile in the photo . 
  what ensued was neither funny nor good parenting . 
  they always act like children who got to babysit their young cousin . 
  i noticed that even if you do n't turn the offline mode on , it 's still possible to listen to offline music without an internet connection . 
  so maybe there 's no limit for this ? 
  spaghetti with cheese . 
  and i add the cheese after the spaghetti cool down a bit , i do n't like it when the cheese melts . 
  what the fuck ? 
  are they on a mission to make everyone unsubscribe ? 
  it almost seems like they created a great product , waited until a lot of people start using it and then they slowly started making it worse . 
  i would love to , but it 's still not available in my country !, 
  it sucks to live in `` the rest of the world '' . 
  it was the same with the first paperwhite . 
  i had to return it twice because there was always some defect on the screen . 
  [ http://community.spotify.com/t5/spotify-ideas/idb-p/ideaexchange] ( http://community.spotify.com/t5/spotify-ideas/idb-p/ideaexchange ), 
  what the fuck is math rock ? 
  and can it teach me integrals and derivatives ? 
  wow that is bad , i am so used to having 30 step volume control . 
  you can still scrobble using the desktop last.fm client . 
  it works for me .
