  i think it 's just a normal reaction most people would have . 
  what exactly is meditating anyway ? 
  from what everyone says , it seems like someting spiritual . 
  i am not getting anything even from the wiki description, 
   meditation is a practice in which an individual trains the mind or induces a mode of consciousness , either to realize some benefit or for the mind to simply acknowledge its content without becoming identified with that content , [ 1 ] or as an end in itself . 
  it just seems like someone used fancy words to describe having a rest . 
  you ca n't blame him , cammer is playing a cop so it 's hard to tell . 
  speeches . 
  i tried watching the grammys once . 
  did n't make it past the first speech . 
  unless the person speaking is super confident i can not watch it . 
  just the idea of having to clean my glasses every time i have a shower makes me nauseous . 
  that was an extremely unsafe lane change . 
  i put the link through reddit search and the reddit check addon and there was n't anything in this sub . 
  if it was reposted as much i think it would have caught it at least once . 
  what does that have to do with anything i said ? 
  i have the same problem . 
  it completely ignores other genres i listen to , but as soon as i listen to one rap song , there suddenly are several new playlists based on that . 
  except when he speeds it 's hard for the pickup truck driver to notice him . 
  that 's why the speed limit is there . 
  where i 'm from it also was a part of the test and i did n't have a problem doing it . 
  now , couple years later without any experience with parallel parking i would n't trust myself to do it . 
  i love how you 've handled that situation . 
  and they seem like good friends , i wish i had friends like this !, 
  some of us use reddit to escape our narrow-minded fellow countrymen . 
  i do n't think this is corporate advocacy . 
  someone just found a way to hurt redditors ' fee fees . 
  op is a very successful troll . 
  nope . 
  i had my circumcision done at the age of 17 . 
  never needed lube before , do n't need it now . 
  it probably depends on how you masturbate . 
  i do n't know how it acts when you have itunes purchases since i have none . 
  but for any other music files ( mp3 , m4a ) , you just drag and drop them in itunes . 
  then you either wait for it to upload or go to file -  library -  update library and it starts uploading . 
  after that your files will be available from icloud just like anything added from the apple music library . 
  i do n't share enough interests with the people i know so we ca n't really be friends . 
  also the amount of people i know is very small , because i find getting to know someone very difficult . 
  it took me a long time to become comfortable around my current ` acquaintances ' . 
  i 'm studying at a university and it 's kinda depressing to watch everyone become friends . 
  i have seen those people so many times before but never got to know them - * i just do n't know how to do it without feeling like i 'm bothering them . 
  it kinda makes her sound entitled . 
  when i first glanced over the title i thought it was some robot generated spam or a / r/subredditsimulator post . 
  youtube 's audio quality might not be good , but it 's not terrible . 
   my atheism is deeper than she imagines, 
  her faith may also be that way . 
  is there a way to see these in chrome on windows 10 ? 
  some addon or something ? 
   about a 6-7 hour drive away, 
  damn you americans are crazy . 
  it takes 6 hours to drive across my country . 
  envy is eating me from the inside . 
  yeah , any app that shows me my miserable face upon startup is n't worth it . 
  google takes information about artists from wikipedia , right ? 
  it even adds the stupid suffix to female surnames in my language ... 
  what kind of thrillers ? 
  maybe try [ in the shadow ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1860359/ ) . 
  in that case , i will name some of my favourites but there is a chance you 've already seen them :, 
  * [ the crimson rivers ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0228786/ ), 
  * [ the wave ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1063669/ ), 
  * [ leon : the professional ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110413/ ), 
  mr. & mrs. smith is kinda entertaining . 
  dawn of the dead, 
  28 days later, 
  the texas chainsaw massacre ( 2003 ), 
  feast ( all three ), 
  saw ( whole series ), 
  the hills have eyes ( 2006 ), 
  30 days of night, 
  rec ( first two ), 
  recommendation site without registering is kinda useless . 
  inside deep throat . 
  is the cost of flying comparable to driving in the us ? 
  driving across my country would cost me about $ 40 in gas . 
  i have the same problem here in the czech republic . 
  no they did n't , they said they plan to do so but did n't . 
  that is a very inconvenient workaround . 
  might as well copy the files manually and it would be faster . 
  yeah , i have like 60k songs in my google music library and can not switch all the way until they raise the limit and release the android app . 
  reading the main post was a rollercoaster . 
  first they say it 's not sony compatible , then suddenly there 's a sony version ... 
  `` working mother '' ? 
  what are trying to say ? 
  that her life is more valuable ? 
  ok it works on my xperia z1 compact with 5.1.1 lolli but i ca n't get into the xtrememusic app settings . 
  i do n't know if there 's something worth changing but it would be nice to know . 
  it feels obnoxious . 
  screaming `` hey notice me ! '', 
  would probably feel the same . 
  it would be funnier if he was a fireman . 
  it was but he still shoud n't have used the phone . 
  if he did n't honk and just slowed down to let the idiot pass like any sane person would do , none of that would happen . 
  of course it 's the fault of the car . 
  idiot . 
  no he did n't . 
  you and your family do . 
  it is . 
  still a dick move though . 
  or those who read them tend not to overreact . 
  according to the official thread on xda it 's only compatible with nexus devices .
