  i 'm proud of you too . 
  swimmers unite !, 
  kinda both really . 
  i 'm doing well , currently trying to filter out the drunks yelling outside my window that happens to be open because my room is overheated :-), 
  you know , i feel exactly the same . 
  it 's pointless , you just have to keep justifying it . 
  the only angry one is you . 
  i can tell from your response . 
  why else would you try so hard to sound calm . 
  and are northern american . 
  no but i wish it did . 
  yeah , i 'm laughing at them too . 
  watch out , we 've got a psychiatrist over here . 
  it 's that intensive exchange of body heat , that feeling of complete trust and devotion . 
  right ? 
  i like being drunk but it 's too much hassle to get there . 
  and i do n't like the taste of any alcoholic beverages . 
  holy fucking owl , it actually is . 
  it 's ok , you can admit it . 
  it 's in canada too i think . 
  it 's you who needs to calm down . 
  watch out . 
  you have it wrong too . 
  when you pay for google music it does n't give you the option to upload an unlimited amount of music , it 's still limited to 50k . 
  is there really anyone with such small collection that it fits on their phone in its entirety ? 
  thanks , another playlist to my collection . 
  hopefully it will be updated !, 
  i still hope they add that feature . 
  i really miss that . 
  but i think spotify is the only streaming service that lets you view profiles . 
  i was expecting a bicycle . 
  yeah , any sane person would just move over after the second honk and wait for the rager to pass . 
  i do n't think it 's free . 
  it has a ps4 app too and to use it you have be paying monthly . 
  same for the phone app . 
  of course if you 're tv recognizes dlna servers then it is free but without the fancy features . 
  is n't using an app part of their subscription ? 
  i know my ps4 tells me i have to pay if i want to use the app . 
  not really . 
  if you store all your media locally ( like i do on an external hdd ) then you do n't need anything else . 
  that 's weird . 
  my ps4 still demands i pay and it 's basically the same app ... 
  it refreshes when you open it . 
  or you can do it manually by clicking at it and then open the three dots menu next to it 's name that shows above the list of songs . 
  yeah . 
  i never used itunes before apple music so i started fresh . 
  all music i added either from the apple music catalogue if it was available , and if it was n't i uploaded my `` differently acquired '' mp3s . 
  but i think this is not what your question was about . 
  apple probably has some deal with plex ? 
  that would make sense . 
  if that was your dog , that would make you a shitty person because you did n't train your dog well and then punished it for your own incompetence . 
  the songs is a good fit for the episode but the lyrics are annoying as fuck . 
  why else would apple tv be the only platform with a free plex app ? 
  would n't that be a reason to not want money to use it ? 
  you do n't always have to go for the cheapest option , it 's rarely the best option . 
  why would apple tv users buy a plex pass ? 
  and why would plex only promote through apple tv ? 
  you 're the only one implying stuff i never said . 
  the first thing that came to your mind was go for the cheaper option so i can safely assume that 's what you always do . 
  what if there is a need to use it for something else in the future ? 
  then you 're stuck with a useless stick . 
  that 's because you made a one time payment . 
  so it 's not free . 
  maybe calm down a little bit , i was n't attacking you with my post . 
   [ glad we could come to an agreement !, 
  its been nice talking to you . 
  have a lovely day . 
  be careful with that , there 's a huge difference between being honest and rude . 
  nobody said it would * nevvvver * happen ( your childish words ) , just that it 's not a thing . 
  meaning it does n't happen often enough to become a problem worth worrying about . 
   i would have no other option than to kill myself, 
  your best option is to keep yourself away from your children or you might kill them one day too in a murder-suicide . 
  i mean , you 're the expert . 
  you 're the only one who knows all the details about him and what he 's like . 
  oh , i always assumed that 's why the photo was so powerful , because you can see the victims and their murderers . 
  i do . 
  and it makes it impossible to pay attention at school . 
  i just ca n't concentrate for more than like 5 minutes without my thoughts `` fading away '' to some imaginary scenario . 
  this thread is so sexist . 
  and towards men too . 
  it 's full of the ` man up ' bullshit . 
  but mainly , sooooo many men insecure about their masculinity . 
  yeah but it takes away the disturbing factor . 
  you still see the killers in their senior picture but ... that 's it . 
  what are you on about ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  it 's dark outside here , i think smiling at strangers would get me killed . 
  i might go for a walk , but i do n't really know the area , i barely memorized the walk to school . 
  i appreciate your advice , but i think you might not understand how i feel . 
  i know running would be a great idea , but no amount of music would stop me from feeling ashamed , scared of being mocked or people laughing at me . 
   put on comfy pjs , and watch some tv or read a book . 
   you could also learn an instrument . 
  that 's what i ca n't do in a tiny room i share with another person and tens of people in other rooms around me . 
  i 'm 6 ' 1 ' and 218 lbs . 
  i know i would look ridiculous . 
  i ca n't even look at myself in the mirror if it shows my whole body . 
  university of west bohemia , czech republic . 
  i study electrical engineering . 
  i might go today , i need to do some shopping anyway and the walk will take me some 40 minutes . 
   also , keep in mind , you care about yourself way more than anyone else does .
