  not the best i can come up with but whatever i do n't care . 
  there 's too much food in the fridge to care about what i eat . 
  of course , the dreaded political correctness that never even existed but in minds of right wingers . 
  ... that 's perfectly fine ... 
  that 's insulting . 
  you get my money and then immediately throw it away ? 
  what the hell . 
  i love the visuals . 
  the video is just very aesthetically pleasing . 
  and kim is the star of everything as always . 
  the song is not that great but still pretty catchy . 
  i agree but i do n't think people who upvoted the post wanted to teach kids , they just want to shame fat people . 
  that helps no one . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  some spiciness is good but when it 's overdone it completely kills any other flavors . 
  i used to feel the same when i was younger - basically when the poop comes out it kinda ` irritates ' your anus ... 
  i do n't know how to explain it really . 
  some people are just more sensitive to have their anal opening widened i guess ? 
  maybe that 's where homophobia against gay men comes from . 
  i must disagree , pepper definitely is spicy . 
  maybe not that spicy if you 're used to spicy stuff but for someone who almost never eats spicy food it absolutely is . 
  exactly this . 
  i guess the confusion comes from the fact that the terms spices and flavors are interchangeable ? 
  i came out two years ago but i 'm still not comfortable telling people i do n't absolutely know will react positively . 
  i just hate conflict so much . 
  i do n't want to listen to any ` arguents ' or reactions . 
  their alternative of this question is one of the worst threads i have seen in that sub in a long time . 
  it shows you what kind of people frequent that sub . 
  do you run a drug cartel ? 
  lol you 're cute, 
  that probably depends on what you find ` outrageous ' . 
  ugh , the music , the narrating ... so terrible . 
  this video screams look at me !!!!, 
  i 'm a good person !!!!, 
  yeah , he 's so full of himself . 
  still it could have been avoided if the red car maintained a proper following distance . 
  ca n't be worse than the czech republic . 
  shh , it 's ok . 
  calm down . 
  that 's why i stopped visiting that sub a long time ago . 
  you 're the one screaming in bold . 
  what a bunch of bullshit . 
   you force, 
  that 's when i stopped reading . 
  he did n't crash :(, 
  but you wo n't . 
  your jimmies were rustled by a comment . 
  lol , what a tool fan, 
  you are playing dumb but you know damn well why he would think that . 
  99 % of videos here are accidents . 
  * that 's * why he would think that . 
  wearing flipflops on a unicycle sounds like an even worse idea . 
  i hate these fucks so much . 
  safe distance !, 
  it 's not vulgar so why do you avoid it so much ? 
  you 're the one who just had to react to a harmless comment . 
  i 'm just defending him . 
  maybe do n't freak out next time ? 
  shhh , it 's ok , just calm down and everything will be fine . 
  jesus , what a fucking drama queen . 
  yeah i should totally so that . 
  wow , the downvoters are really pathetic here . 
  still europe . 
  oh here we go ... 
  everybody is telling me to stop losing weight and start exercising . 
  no , fuck you . 
  i do n't want muscle , i want to be thin . 
  they are n't even realizing they are being sexist when they say that . 
  i have never heard anyone suggest to a woman she should start exercising/lifting . 
  i am talking about a situation when a person is successfully losing weight not asking for any advice and is given advice anyway . 
  that unwanted advice is usually sexist from my experience . 
  nobody will tell a woman she should gain muscle instead of losing more fat . 
  f for lack of basic human decency . 
  you are a rectum . 
  how are those people not ashamed to stand there and stare ? 
  you 're talking about the bikers who provoked him , right ? 
  that 's why there should be backup signs . 
  ... absolutely avoidable by the cammer, 
  you mean when he called the guy a fucking idiot ? 
  yeah , that makes the cammer also an idiot . 
  wow , this dashcam makes it look like a movie . 
  yes . 
  how is it not acceptable ? 
  it 's exactly what they should have taught you in driver 's ed . 
  you probably never went through driver 's ed . 
  come on man , by being an asshole you 're just proving you 're guilty . 
  still idiotic to overtake a car that is turning . 
  haha , we all know why you disabled rating and comments under your video . 
  i have favorites in almost every genre . 
  you could say that discovering new genres is my hobby . 
  wow , do you always get so angry when you 're wrong ? 
  calm down girl , no need to be upset . 
  i just want to point out that indicating before braking can make the person behind you think you will turn immediately without braking and could rear end you because of it . 
  yeah , in the czech republic too . 
  the point of the test is that you ca n't make a mistake , at least not a serious one . 
  completely unnecessary comment . 
  no advice , only berating op for his age . 
  jesus , you people just have to push your agenda everywhere , do n't you ? 
  why do n't you stay on topic and save your left lane outrage for another time ? 
  i listen to the song every day , really starting to like it .
