  the pc you describe almost does n't exist . 
  it 's blown out of proportion for the sake of spreading hateful and ignorant messages . 
  donald trump is a perfect example of an idiot who thinks pc is a thing , even though he contradicts himself by being popular . 
  saying it 's not a thing does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  jesus fuck that 's loud . 
  you win . 
  unfortunately no . 
  my parents * probably * also forgot . 
  there 's just nothing to remind them ... ^ ^ ^ sigh, 
  that 's actually exactly how it 's mostly used . 
  people use it after someone does something reasonable . 
  yeah , it 's one of those things no one knows why they are even missing . 
  emulate ios or the desktop version ( whatever the name is ) or wait for android version and emulate that . 
  the motorcyclist refuses to act like any other vehicle , cuts in line , causes an accident . 
  his fault . 
  so majestic it hurts . 
  that 's how i like drivers who endanger others - out of the road . 
  in some parts of the world - legal reckless driving . 
  but i want to hear her , so you shut the fuck up . 
  that might work . 
  remeber that next time you talk about left lane hoggers enforcing speed limit . 
  yeah , cammer is a dick . 
  if you feel the need to ` teach others a lesson ' that makes you a curved dick . 
  in your comment you encourage people to play police officer . 
  expect people do that to you by sitting in the left lane going the speed limit . 
  i 'm czech , the podcast helps me a lot in learning to understand spoken english . 
  my first phone was alcatel . 
  the rest of them were all by sony . 
  not because of loyalty , but overall good experience with their products . 
  i 'll write just the cons :, 
  * some z1 compacts suffer from overheating in varying intensity . 
  mine is tolerable , but whenever i do tasks like browsing the internet or some demanding apps ( not games ) the phone gets kinda annoyingly warm . 
  gaming can be unbearable though . 
  * the front is covered with a film that you can not remove if you want to keep the warranty . 
  it 's there to stop the display glass from shattering if you drop the phone , but it gets scratched very easily . 
  same thing with the back - no film but a soft plastic . 
  are n't z3 and z3c practically the same ? 
  z3c is just smaller - that should make is even * more * expensive . 
  yeah , it 's almost like people are n't robots who make 100 % correct decisions . 
  ah ok , i was afraid that when i click unsave it will disappear . 
  thanks . 
  oblivious driver meets a road rager . 
  so many hurt feelings in this thread . 
  i do n't think that 's the main problem here . 
  true . 
  why would you be glad you slowed down unless you regularly run red lights ? 
   a head of them, 
  yeah , he probably noticed him just as he was a head 's length ahead of him . 
  253 apps , says the app drawer . 
  no , i do n't use every single one of them . 
  most of them are installed `` just in case '' - stuff like qr scanner , google translate , units converter , imdb app ... 
  i rarely use them but you never know when you 're going to need them . 
  that limits my selection but if there 's no other way ... 
  thank , i 'll try it . 
  edit : it worked !, 
  you 're using the analogy wrong . 
  if you want compare brushing your teeth to this situation , it would be like seeing a person with a cavity and saying `` i 'm glad i brushed my teeth today '' . 
   something to do with the fact that you can not easily prove who was driving, 
  that just sounds ridiculous to me . 
  that 's why the owner of the car should be responsible . 
  he 's obviously happy where he is so fuck that . 
  fuck the haters . 
  keep being happy as you are . 
  that 's obviously different . 
  i extracted the base.scs file and the path was pretty self explanatory , i think it went sound - truck - volvo - int - and there was an ogg file named turbo that i muted in audacity . 
  this is n't helping at all . 
  no , he would have to say `` i 'm glad i regularly slow down in time '' which he did n't . 
  he was talking about one specific situation . 
  20k a year for a single person makes your life comfortably livable in my country so 20k it is . 
  i would actually only date trans guys who did n't have the bottom surgery so we definitely exist , do n't worry . 
  if karma is that important to you ... 
  i really like the putin painting . 
  what i am more interested in is your comment - why do you think those families are going to see the film ? 
  yes , do this . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  well of course , but wording it like that is a little bit misleading . 
  lately i 've been pretty happy with qbittorrent 's search function . 
  shit , i thought this was about torrent sites for android apps ... 
  this is exactly why i would love to get back to spotify . 
  it has the best community . 
  but if it does n't let me upload missing music i just ca n't . 
  me too . 
  there 's gon na be a lot of emotional arguments against it but none rational . 
  [ the song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxqquruhac4 ) . 
  you would sure show him . 
  as someone who lives in a country where it is taught and first aid is mandatory , i agree . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  when someone 's so desperate they 're considering taking their own life , how can you rationalize what they do ? 
  if killing yourself makes sense nothing else matters anymore . 
  except it was n't . 
  yeah wtf , some countries have it differently than mine , that 's weird . 
  legal \u2260 safe or reasonable . 
  yep , we have that word in czech too . 
  they clearly could n't see each other . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i just hate how they did n't even give us a date . 
  they better do it before my trial ends at the end of september because i 'm not paying for a service i can not use on my phone . 
  cause that 's a unit that exists . 
  i really want to like it since everybody seems to , but it does n't interest me musically and lyrics are too complicated for me to understand ( english as a second language ) . 
  you can only download music you uploaded yourself .
