  yep , prometheus . 
  also covenant . 
  all the transformer movies . 
  there are just so many `` objectively '' bad movies i like ... 
  yeah , how the hell is n't this on top of / r/all ? 
   now would be a good time for everyone to review this blog post on how to maintain the security of your account . 
  the most common explanation for these kind of issues is relying on a single username/password combination across multiple websites - all it takes is one being compromised to open your accounts up across the internet . 
  see , this really pisses me off . 
  i used to have the same password for all my reddit accounts . 
  several months ago i had lastpass generate me new secure unique passwords for all my reddit accounts and changed them . 
  and now my account gets compromised ? 
  what ? 
  bieber is a savior . 
  what a saint . 
  he 's such a fun dude . 
  yeah , it 's seriously annoying . 
  it 's one of those things stopping me from making a new account . 
  i still get these warnings after years of being registered . 
  something something reddiquette etc etc, 
  we like a society with rules . 
  yeah , fuck them for following a simple rule that does n't inconvenience them in any way . 
  it makes sense to obey simple rules . 
  that must have been such a horrible experience , you poor little asshole . 
  nah , it 's just entitlement . 
  it really does n't make sense to break a simple rule like that . 
  the problem is the jaywalker . 
  downvote on disagreement . 
  it 's in northern reddiquette . 
  it 's the maximum , not the minimum . 
  you heard it here first !, 
  if this guy disagrees with you that means you are n't contributing to the conversation . 
  it 's a principle that saves kids ' lives . 
  uhm , okay, 
  i love them , especially the last two albums . 
  interesting . 
  i agree femme fatale is her best but glory is trash imo . 
  hell yeah for chris brown . 
  anti . 
  such a boring , non-melodic album . 
  but at least it 's not as bland as the last two britney albums . 
  i love most of their singles but the album was just so bad . 
  i 'll pray for you . 
  i 'm glad it does , easily my favorite id track . 
  justin bieber . 
  he deserves at least the top 10 . 
   driving slow in the left lane because you think other people should ' t be allowed to speed is bad enough . 
  but of course if you speed you have no right to complain about left lane campers . 
  nooooo , bring back pierce brosnan . 
  we might never know, 
  not always the best strategy . 
  my dad used to do that and it made me hate myself for not being interested in what he had to say . 
  i always get sad when i see the ones sold today , they look like cheap knockoffs . 
  i also had a black puppy , it looked pretty realistic . 
  for some time it barked too . 
  anti certainly is n't bland but glory ? 
  i liked a single track from that album . 
  i do n't really understand how the last two albums happened after the perfection called femme fatale . 
  big fat bass is a great song , just like any other song produced by will.i.am . 
  the last one is the worst . 
  it sucks when people apply arbitrary expiration dates on music . 
   i 've heard people say that not only are ultraviolence and honeymoon boring , but are pretty much the same exact sound and i literally can not deal with that i 'm sorry no . 
  i 'm one of those people . 
  i ca n't get over the fact that born to die was perfect and the rest is just ... meh . 
  lol at first i though you meant brandy vocals , as something a chronic alcoholic singer would suffer from . 
  titty queen, 
  so basically bieber occupies 1st and 3rd place * at the same damn time * . 
  nice . 
  the movie is 2 fast 2 furious . 
  it 's like the seconds best movie of all time , right after the fast and the furious . 
  summer rise, 
  hey that 's fine , the more lana fans the better . 
  that ragequit at the end was completely unnecessary . 
  collab with logic incoming . 
  ( he has a gaming channel too ), 
  this is what makes us girls tbh, 
  * re * invented, 
  they make good reaction videos , it 's * entertainment * bih, 
  she 's got that a e s t h e t i c touch . 
  you got the source video ? 
  if he listened to what i had to say and not dismiss it saying `` you 'll understand one day '' . 
  it 's his go-to response whenever we disagree on anything . 
  does n't matter if we talk about politics , music , life in general . 
  he thinks he has life figured out and people who see it differently just have n't arrived to the same conclusions * yet * . 
  this makes it very hard to have a conversation with him when he only ever talks about what interests him and dismisses my interests . 
  honestly , under specific light conditions and angles , he 's actually good looking . 
  do people in america literally live in cardboard houses ? 
  it 's not expensive . 
  yes please . 
  nah , it 's about the same . 
  that why i keep losing and gaining . 
  the custom options make reporting easier . 
  i guess boost just does n't support these custom options . 
  you can see the other option is in the official app as well . 
  the only physical album i ever had is curtis by 50 cent . 
  i did n't like it that much at the time but now it 's one of my favorite albums . 
  i never listen from the cd though because one of the tracks is censored . 
  no , by custom options i meant report options specific to the subreddit . 
  that 's what boost is n't showing . 
  the other option is where you can write but all apps have that . 
  i do n't like him either .
