  the corrected text shows under the left box . 
  and i 'm telling you they shoud n't . 
  i recommend we solve this argument with a sword fight . 
  she is n't hurting anybody so what 's the problem ? 
  why are you attacking him ? 
  he made a bad joke , that does n't make him an asshole . 
  actually you are gorgeous !, 
  and the uniform does suit you really well . 
  right away sir !, 
  `` people 's will '' is usually the worst thing that can happen to a country . 
  the game is alright , but it 's insane how easy it 's to get assassinated . 
  criminals do n't obey laws but it 's easier to recognize them as criminals if they 're the only ones owning guns . 
  i know exactly how you feel . 
  the sand gets every-fucking-where . 
  exactly , i think the real power should stay in hands of people who at least have an idea how things actually work . 
  some of us like full length and at least hd videos and do n't have internet fast enough to stream it . 
  he made lots of interesting book covers , check out his [ site ] ( http://www.brucepennington.co.uk/ ) . 
  how the hell does a switch on the wall turn on a lamp ? 
  why is everyone so concerned about his health ? 
  he fucking broke that decoration on purpose . 
  i hate people who destroy others ' property . 
  so if i had anything else than a light source connected to the outlet it would n't be powered up until i switched the light switch on ? 
  but i guess the outlets are distributed around the house in a way that counts on using them as those intended for light sources , right ? 
  if a thief is wounded by the owner of the house he just tried to rob , will you be concerned about his health ? 
  if a rioter destroys a shop window , will you feel sorry for him when he accidentally cuts himself with the glass ? 
  empathy is important , but not everyone deserves it . 
  if you catch a robber in your house , will you pity him ? 
  some of us ca n't keep them due to the smell , even with proper hygiene and deodorant . 
  but hey , i have hair on every other part of my body !, 
  sigh ... 
  casual racism , the overwhelming amount of smokers and drunks , intolerant and `` traditionalist '' people , still voting for the communist party that never stopped existing ( surviving the velvet revolution as a `` democratic '' party ) . 
  if i was n't such a lazy coward i am now , i would move out immediately . 
  i often find myself extremely attracted to people considered average by others . 
  and then gagging a nice little hairball ? 
  no please . 
  i already got two . 
  even though it might sound weird , the thought of death . 
  it just calms me that after all , my problems will eventually be solved with one ultimate solution and there will be nothing afterwards to ruin it . 
  i am pretty young now so who knows how i 'll feel about this when i get older . 
  right ? 
  but to be fair , kittens and rabbits sounds pretty good too . 
  there are several reason why i might watch a let 's play video . 
  the most common is that the person playing the game is a good entertainer , funny and i like listening to him/her . 
  another reason might be that i am deciding if the game i 'm interested in is worth buying , so i check out a video that 's showing the basics . 
  and the last reason that does n't apply so often - the person playing the game is attractive . 
  i had circumcision when i was 17 . 
  they asked me if i want to be knocked off during the procedure and i agreed . 
  after the operation i did n't feel my legs and it felt super comfortable . 
  the real pain came a day or two after and continued for several weeks/months . 
  yay !, 
  so do n't worry , there 's is n't going to be any pain during the operation , you can sometimes even choose in what way you want to not feel anything !, 
  studying abroad . 
  it sounds like a fantastic experience and everyone who has ever done it was thrilled , but i am super scared and nervous about people and places i do n't know . 
  i mean - i would love to meet new people , especially foreigners , but am too afraid to do so . 
  nothing spicy please !, 
  if there 's anything left for me i want to be able to take a bite !, 
  you should sit down with them and explain why you 're breaking up . 
  depending on partner 's temper , choose location wisely . 
  but i 've never dated anyone so ... 
  nice . 
  any electronics i own . 
  i mean , it 's already made of human souls , specifically chinese . 
  this just proves that north korea * is * the biggest elephant in the room . 
  i am pretty sure that 's not the typical world 's response . 
  you do n't understand . 
  nk is the elephant in the room because we know what 's happening there and we know there is n't anything we can do about it . 
  i played both games several times and when i started inquisition the keep did n't work so i ended up with the default state and ... 
  i have n't really noticed many changes . 
  here and there there were some differences but nothing major . 
  keep up what you 're doing . 
  being ignorant for the sake of politeness is stupid . 
  i do n't understand others ' responses . 
  everytime someone on reddit has an opinion that `` is n't right '' there 's always so many people ready to correct them . 
  why act differently in conversation ? 
  in both cases you are debating real people . 
  there 's nothing indicating she 's trying to prove people wrong . 
  she just wants to know how it really is . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  providing educated opinions is never a bad thing . 
  you reaction is exactly what i would be afraid of if i tried new things . 
  there 's nothing wrong with him acting that way . 
  i think your husband would really appreciate if you showed him support . 
  why exactly is what he 's doing a problem ? 
  i think spotify does n't accept new apps and plans on shutting them all down eventually . 
  maybe the developers of the app stopped supporting it since it has no future ? 
  [ ea games soundtracks ] ( https://open.spotify.com/artist/1gst5gesfz2qkdkgpxmua1 ) has a lot of them too . 
  this looks so fucking awesome . 
  i wish i will experience something like this someday . 
  unless it 's free . 
  i wish they 'll make this as a quest in the future . 
  i love these mysteries . 
  for me it 's the ps1 version . 
  legendary !, 
  and yes , i played the pc version too and they are indeed completely different games . 
  stronghold !, 
  the only strategic game i have enjoyed . 
  especially in a country where the overwhelming majority of people is white and they laugh at you when you call them out on it , because casual racism is considered normal . 
  and everyone around you nods in agreement and you start questioning your ability to make sane friends . 
  swearing around kids might actually be a good idea . 
  if you use the `` bad words '' around them all the time they wo n't think it 's something special and wo n't repeat them so often .
