  the movie is successful and liked by most people . 
  yeah , i like his enthusiasm . 
  that 's a [ ger ] then ... 
  i hope so , she 's one of the few artists i like that make political songs . 
  it 's a catchy song . 
  i disagree with you on cyclists . 
  i know , i have learned to like the things i like without the approval of reddit after i saw suicide squad . 
  i feel similarly about my dad . 
  it 's sad . 
  no its not . 
  why did you resort to name-calling her ? 
  it 's still incredibly awful of you . 
  what if he had an std now ? 
  your fault . 
  you 're probably always an asshole . 
  be careful , the same comment could get your downvoted to hell in another thread . 
  you are . 
  i love how when the flair says mirror in comments there is a 50 % chance the video is back again . 
  yes you is . 
  not true . 
  i can play the game however i want to , not just in the way you approve . 
  gta san andreas . 
  but it was involuntary . 
  my pc was n't strong enough . 
  after years of watching other people play it i finally got to it and even though it was still amazing it was n't as good as i dreamed it would be . 
  ah , i see you have poor understanding skills . 
  you 're still playing the game , you 're just avoiding the boring parts . 
  when i play a game i want to enjoy it , relax , have fun . 
  not to compete , use skills or repeat mindless tasks . 
  play the first game too !, 
  if the mechanics are too much for you , you can always use cheats . 
  the story and the world are worth it . 
  no , it 's usually a perfect game for me . 
  i only play games i enjoy . 
  i hope you like the first game as well !, 
  it might look a bit dated but the story and the world are still awesome . 
  awesome game !, 
  i 'm glad i played it before 2 and 3 though . 
  have you tried any online guides or youtube tutorials ? 
  maybe ask over at / r/witcher they might help . 
  one of the few games i wish were n't console exclusives . 
  is got any good ? 
  i really loved the walking dead series but am afraid i wo n't like other telltale games . 
  the game is really good but i found it a bit repetitive after a while . 
  and because of that i was unable to finish bioshock 2 and ran through infinite . 
  is fallout 4 the first game of the franchise you 've played ? 
  dragon age : origins might be one of the all-time favorites of mine . 
  such an amazing world , story and voice acting . 
  has n't aged a bit in my eyes . 
  the movie is not always there . 
  how does it compare in your opinion ? 
  i like new vegas the most , but i 'd still say f3 was better than 4 . 
  wow , that 's so interesting !, 
  they are wearing * different clothes !, 
  how do i put a link like this to megasync ? 
  sometimes there is a button for it but sometimes there is none . 
  for me it 's purple lamborghini . 
  the entire soundtrack is nice . 
  we know this exists but it 's too expensive . 
  she did n't say that , if media reported that it 's their problem . 
  she needed to clarify only because some media misinformed their readers about what she actually said , which was n't that she 's quitting music . 
  goddammit , never fucking happy . 
  there is no proof . 
  there is no proof . 
  i would especially ignore the top comments who try to convince you to do certain things that are completely subjective . 
  yep , people who still floss just want to feel better about it so they try to talk their way out of it . 
  this `` be happy with yourself '' thing gets annoying real fast . 
  i used to be absolutely happy with myself , being alone . 
  but after years of being happy with yourself you just kinda get sick of it . 
   when the news outlets themselves are known for their reliability . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  really , i appreciate it . 
  why are you unable to ask me a simple question without being an asshole ? 
  nah , the next best thing is to hear it from herself . 
  which we did . 
  she said she is n't quitting music . 
  if she did n't say anything * then * i would turn to the media . 
  you are . 
  only people who want to create conflict use the word `` salty '' . 
  i can claim she did n't say it because that 's how proof works . 
  you have to prove she did say it , otherwise it is n't considered true . 
  again : proof is necessary for claims about something happening/existing . 
  example : `` there is a god . '', 
  `` proof ? '', 
  `` none . '', 
  -  there is no god . 
  / u/trollabot kaphox, 
  she said in in the tweet i posted . 
  she never said anything about quitting , there is no proof . 
  media lied . 
  she had to react to stop the lie . 
  there is no proof . 
  the only proof we have is her tweet setting things right . 
  you ca n't prove that something did n't happen . 
  the burden of proof is on the person who claims it did happen . 
  oh , my bad . 
  i did n't notice you said you were going to replay the game . 
  i must say that i see it differently , i liked how there were lots of small stories in w3 but that 's probably because i really like games like fallout or dragon age which work like that too . 
  i actually did n't care for the main storyline that much . 
  i would be just fine with them only focusing on the small stuff .
