  the reason i 'm not behaving according to your expectations is because i was n't looking for a subreddit for porn related things . 
  i was looking for a subreddit where i can share interesting articles without the mods being absolute prudes . 
  [ my name is ivan . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/ivan_the_terrible_\\ ( cropped \\ ) . jpg ), 
  well , yes , but i would expect that when you save the music offline something can be done . 
  currently i subscribe to google music and there is an app for android that lets you rip songs that you saved offline and it 's instant ( probably because google 's drm sucks ) . 
  apple music lets you do the same google music does , it 's really cool . 
  and i do n't have an iphone , that 's the whole reason why i 'm asking about this . 
  if i had apple music on my phone there would be no need to rip anything . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i was wondering why there are so many racist comments . 
  i thought i was in / r/roadcam . 
  but in this subreddit it makes sense . 
  before or after you shit your pants and do exactly what they tell you ? 
  wonder no more . 
  it is n't . 
  i 'm a jew , what do i know . 
  thanks , sometimes i visit the comments section at / r/worldnews or / r/news or / r/politics . 
  it 's good to have something to throw at them before i ragequit as always . 
  [ you must be ] ( http://images.amcnetworks.com/bbcamerica.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/97/files/2014/10/benedict-cumberbatch-sherlock-.jpg ), 
  why do you have to be so condescending ? 
  can you tell me the names of the albums ? 
  i do n't think apply just deletes albums from your library . 
  i 've had some songs to become greyed out but none disappeared . 
  [ ... ] ( https://youtu.be/_o1hm-k3auy?t=8 ), 
  that 's actually the reason why i moved to apple music from google music - because they actually just deleted music and there was no way to tell what was deleted . 
  i looked up the albums you mentioned and for me they are all available . 
  i had the nickleback song in my library too and it 's still there - it was the one from the album called never gon na be alone ep . 
  i 'm in the czech republic so a different region ... 
  the only reason i moved to apple music . 
  they just grey out the music that 's not available anymore . 
  spotify does it too ( only in playlists though , am does it in your library too which is cool ) . 
  no idea why google does this shit . 
  yeah , the amount of triggered people in this thread is amusing . 
  doing the speed limit is just fine . 
  do n't let others pressure you to break the law . 
  if someone is following really close behind you , just wait for them to pass . 
  right now it 's fargo and the leftovers . 
  horrorcore rap . 
  i still listen to it from time to time , but not as much as i used to . 
  i would be if i was a girl . 
  whenever i have to do anything more than the regular routine i hate it . 
  for me it depends on a situation . 
  currently i have three small spiders living in the corner above my shower . 
  i do n't mind that but yesterday one of the fuckers fell down and i almost killed myself trying to get out of the shower . 
  that night , i went to sleep unwashed . 
  people make a lot of noise . 
  just imagine the quiet you hear at night during the day . 
  that would make me notice . 
  speeding feels that way . 
  the sjw bullshit . 
  yeah , we get it , you imagine a version of tumblr that does n't exist and pretend it triggers you . 
  there 's no pc culture . 
  the one that says the refugees want to take over europe . 
  photography . 
  i agree , i just want to say that just because you encountered a left lane hogger you are n't justified to follow closely or do dangerous manoeuvres , brake check or flash your headlights . 
  in a situation where you do n't conform to society 's standards . 
  sitting . 
  and if you do n't understand just try it , it 's not that hard . 
  i tried doing it standing and succeeded too , no need for you to play dumb . 
  sjw : social justice warrior . 
  a pejorative term for an individual who values empathy . 
  people who use this term think there is a version of tumblr with radical feminists . 
  pc culture - culture of political correctness . 
  describes a situation in society where people are pressured to be politically correct all the time . 
  legal or illegal ? 
  that is exactly what i was talking about . 
  that sub is fiction . 
  no , that 's exactly how they do it . 
  they make up those fake posts . 
  not the reddit users though , they just sheepishly share what they found on facebook/twitter . 
  there are so many fucked up people in this world . 
  why would they bully him like that ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  that literally screams satire . 
  yeah , i 'm sure if you 're going to spend hours digging through satirical blogs you will eventually find one that does n't look like one even though it still is . 
  stop looking for something that just is n't there . 
  save yourself the time and just be a good human being , treat others with empathy and i promise nobody is going to be mad at you . 
  that 's nice . 
  yay, 
  ooooh that makes me do mad , you wo n't believe how this triggers me , you sure showed me, 
  hey , i like to spin what others say too !, 
  welcome to the club !, 
  or , welcome my club in your skull ? 
  you 're the one hating . 
  that hurr durr bullshit is so fucking cringey , get the fuck out of here . 
  that is the situation when you lay on your horn . 
  we have them in the czech republic too . 
  i guess someone just likes when people die . 
  well , i always felt it was easy to let them down , but with shani it 's different . 
  goddamit , i was about to go to sleep . 
  so you 're a drama queen . 
  nice . 
  sorry , i 'm just lonely and depressed . 
  makes me a loser sometimes . 
  yeah but i 've been stuck at the first step for a couple of years now ... 
  as someone who has experience buying books , films , games , music and magazines , that shit takes way too much space . 
  i chose to only keep buying books , everything else went digital . 
  i wish something like this existed and was affordable . 
  losing weight would be so much easier .
