  i only found the 2005 version . 
  i watched the first episode and feel the same . 
  i do n't think a single person can answer this . 
  everybody has their favourite movie . 
  if you want an actual answer just go to a site like imdb and look at the current number 1 film . 
  it is a nice site but only if you are into highly-rated little-known movies . 
  yep , that 's what i did !, 
  i especially love how you can see the recommendations change immediately . 
  yeah , fuck the people trying to sleep !, 
  yes , but unfortunately it is n't a personalized recommendation engine . 
  i only use it to manage my top 100 list . 
  i am also a non-native english speaker and i just finished bird box by josh malerman . 
  it was my first book in english and i read it in a day . 
  aaaand , cammer just has to be confrontational . 
  calm down, 
  no triangle . 
  you stopped for that call , right ? 
  sounds like trevor . 
  of course you can be upset but pulling up to him and angrily yelling at him ? 
  if wet my finger , put it in my ear and smell it , it smells like ear wax . 
  it always does . 
  only after the professional cleaning it did n't . 
  what do you mean ? 
  oh come on , what do you mean how i addressed him ? 
  thank you so much , i will follow your advice . 
  act normal or go away ... 
  he makes great music . 
  i am one of those who usually do n't care about the lyrics and the only thing i want is them to be real words . 
  coherent lyrics are just a bonus . 
  most boring song from the most boring album of 2016 . 
  i love the last two albums especially . 
  i do n't get it either , her music is getting better . 
  it 's amazing . 
  legendary . 
  well he 's not wrong . 
  aka the only game that is more expensive on pc than on the console because it can only be bought through the windows store . 
  how do i buy a digital xbox version without xbox ? 
  and will it cost $ 45 or less like the physical version ? 
  in the windows store there are only three options for forza motorsport 3 - standard , deluxe and ultimate edition . 
  not windows and xbox version . 
  there is only one of each . 
  the cheapest is standard for $ 71 . 
  the price $ 45 is not for used but new xbox copy . 
  even if it was $ 50 or $ 55 it would be way cheaper than the windows store version . 
  i live in the czech republic . 
  freshly released games cost $ 40 - $ 60 . 
  this game , released 4 months ago costs over $ 70 . 
  and all this only because the game is sold exclusively through the windows store . 
  they forgot they released the android version . 
  no update in 4 months . 
  old design . 
  amazon does not sell it globally . 
  i ca n't buy it from us nor uk amazon . 
  guess i 'll have to wait for a sale on the windows store . 
  oh calm down you overreactive jerk . 
  fuck you you whining bitch . 
  oh , are israelis known to be assholes towards each other , not just palestinians ? 
  who cares ? 
  this idiot leeches off of the outrage culture . 
  haha , i could just post my top10 . 
  i 'm gon na say relapse . 
  yeah but i doubt anyone will make you dislike your favourite music no matter how good of an argument they make . 
  are you locked up in some scientology prison ? 
  eminem - when i 'm gone . 
  it just made me think of chris brown lol . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  so many idiots following too close almost crashing in the truck . 
  they seem alright . 
  the watched label never really worked though, 
  i guess it depends on what music you share . 
  people almost never download actual music from me but over the last week several people downloaded some wav files for music makers i did n't even know i had . 
  at least the crashes are good . 
  this comment actually produced even more comments i 'm going to use as a recommendation . 
  / r/everythingalwayshappens, 
  nope, 
  psa : do whatever the fuck you want . 
  still waiting for forza and hitman . 
  but ... but ... this does n't happen !!!!, 
  like ever !!!!, 
  nobody cares about what you do , they do n't even look at you ... right guys ??? 
  wow , i guess i 'm not playing the game anyway then, 
  although the explicit version is more fun . 
  ugh , the joke is based on english mispronounciation of a german word ... 
  jesus , people are really going full retard trying to disprove op . 
  the joke is based on the fact that native english speakers mispronounce f\u00fchrer and their mispronunciation sounds like fewer . 
  ca n't really think of 5 but i will say asap rocky and justin bieber . 
  also i love young mick jagger . 
  this is actually good to hear , my z1 compact has very weak vibrations . 
  i usually ca n't even feel them from my pocket . 
  some people say it has been cracked but i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  what a fucking coward !!!!!!, 
  the amount of downvotes in this sub means how right you are . 
  you sir are fucking right . 
  or just watch it live , why not . 
  they do n't hurt anyone and are fun to watch . 
  i 'm kinda sad i ca n't get into this type of music at all . 
  not true , i have a 3 year old laptop and i can play the game on highest with fps above 40 at all times . 
  this was not a post asking for game recommendations or technical advice . 
  if you have n't played the game recently you have nothing to say . 
  rockstar released a patch like a month ago .
