  you 're delusional . 
  just stop , you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  no , only streamed music . 
   so as to make room for the newer stuff . 
  in what sense ? 
  music is n't something you listen to once , twice and then abandon it . 
  that 's relevant to movies and that 's why netflix gets away with it . 
  but music is something you use your whole life . 
  you listen to it regularly , often . 
  that 's ... so clever of you . 
  totally unexpected i must say . 
  nobody would be able to come up with this . 
   i do n't know, 
  exactly . 
  you do n't know . 
  you do n't know what people use gm for . 
  no it does n't . 
  it shows unavailable music as greyed out . 
  the point of the post was n't that they remove music , the point was that they just make it disappear without any notice . 
  stop lying . 
  what ? 
  the whole point of the post is to point out that a google service does something annoying . 
  it 's not because it 's google , i have an android phone for fucks sake . 
  apple music is the only other streaming service that lets you upload music , that 's why i use it . 
  you 're embarrassing . 
   obligated, 
  point out where i said that . 
  this post is not about the concept of a streaming service , it 's about a missing feature of one of them . 
  good for you . 
  probably should take your own advice, 
  it 's funny because people were actually defending his comedy . 
  but then he mentioned feminists and suddenly his comedy sucks ? 
  my mind answering to some of the fuckwits in this thread . 
  it 's unbearable . 
  so many people comment just because they feel like it , even though the comments is a complete lie . 
  they read an article about something months ago and now , when they barely recollect it , present is as facts . 
  it 's so silly . 
   the ad that says you 'll have access to every new song forever and ever til death do you part, 
  here you go again . 
  making shit up . 
  i ca n't take you seriously when you say that . 
  maybe , just maybe , if you did n't twist my argument you would finally understand . 
  you just choose not to . 
  so smart of you . 
  you do n't get to avoid that . 
  point out where * i * said that they are obligated . 
  [ i 'm going to go do something more productive , i hope you have a lovely day . 
  it 's so sad seeing you like this . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  it 's in the title . 
  music who for pays, 
  anything posted to ysk is common knowledge to some . 
  why use a random german word ? 
  it says `` google music does n't inform you when something becomes unavailable '' . 
  only music in the streaming service can become unavailable . 
  it 's clearly there . 
  it has the words `` google music '' - shortened version of `` google music all access '' . 
  there 's nothing about the store where you buy music , `` google play store '' . 
  then why would you even open this thread ? 
  it says in the title `` when something becomes unavailable , the music just disappears from your library and playlists '' . 
  that clearly implies the streaming service . 
  that 's the * main reason * people use google music for . 
  you 're failing to get the advantages of streaming . 
  hoarding is n't healthy . 
  he use the word `` die mannschaft '' to refer to a football team . 
  why did he use that single german word ? 
  what for ? 
  so you just misunderstood my post . 
  you 're right . 
  i did n't specify that . 
  i think you should try to contact support . 
  this would be a dealbreaker for me . 
  unfortunately they 're ending i heard . 
  yeah , in german . 
  i do n't think if it was another country he would use the word in their language . 
  no , only the music you stream . 
  do n't worry , the music you upload will stay . 
  break given . 
  why ca n't i open it in soundcloud ? 
  i guess she wants me to download it and then put it on apple music myself . 
  he has a history of doing that to prove a point . 
  should on the sidebar . 
   if you 're his age , then this is totally appropriate . 
  this is the quest that turned me against brotherhood . 
  i never liked them in the previous games too though . 
  shooting down those vertibirds with nukes is so much fun . 
  south park . 
  i used to love the show but the crowd it attracts lately is insufferable . 
  i do n't want to like what they like . 
  not in this story . 
  but in a different story you could be a synth or a supermutant . 
  as a human you could be a scavenger , raider , vault dweller ... 
  i could n't do that . 
  heads on spikes , roasted corpses , ... that 's not something to let go . 
  he did n't have a family . 
  and the baby bottle belonged to a baby whose mother was probably tortured and raped before he put her head on a spike . 
  it 's a raider , have you seen their camps ? 
  yeah , him killing and robbing people does n't matter at all . 
  like op being unnecessarily salty ? 
  that 's what i meant .
