  what do you want to know ? 
  i do it manually because there is no way a script or any program is going to get it correct . 
  hey citizen !, 
  pick up that can !, 
  teaching them hate from the young age . 
  damn , not in my country . 
  fuck off with titles that start with ` an attack on japan ... ', 
  that includes anger . 
  possibly , but sometimes the ballad is the best thing on the album - see grand piano on pinkprint . 
  believe it or not , the first place i went to were the settings . 
  i 'm a guy and it took me 3 years to get comfortable driving . 
  just do n't imagine they 're the person in the car going in the opposite direction . 
  tbh once i watched the extended editions i never even considered to watch the theatrical again, 
  chris brown may have an angelic voice but he gets a lot of hate here . 
  i 'm actually looking forward to seeing the movie , it looked really fun . 
  cool , i did n't even know this had a pro version . 
  i have literally never been exposed to drugs . 
  i do n't know where people are getting it . 
  nothing edgy about reality, 
  god damn it , the worst thing is we 're not getting any closure for all those open ends . 
  ugh if this indicates what the album is going to sound like ... 
  i mean the last good pop collab eminem did was we made you with jessica simpson . 
  now make it available in more countries , like uh . . mine . 
  fda is already unhappy about the space eggs , right ? 
  more chickens generate more money . 
  someone tried to pay with my assigned credit card today , luckily i got the verification text on my phone . 
  had to cancel my card . 
  damn that sucks . 
  did the bank refund it ? 
  i 'm still trying to reach the last egg and i would really appreciate if i could at least double the amount of chickens . 
  hen storage is really cheap , everything else is n't anymore . 
  it 's broken, 
  you 're funding paedophilia by living . 
  he obviously did n't need this to confirm it , you misread the comment . 
  would you feel the same if he masturbated imagining someone else ? 
  considering i 'm single i 'm not exactly in a position to argue with that . 
  but it 's interesting to hear because ever since i started masturbating it was almost always either to porn or imagining people i knew , usually in a situation we 've both been in in the past . 
  it should work like this, 
  * either you delete song from your * library * - that deletes it from all playlists, 
  * or you just remove the song from the playlist, 
  i believe in the phone app to only remove a song from a playlist you have to go into the playlist editing mode first and remove it from there, 
  it already has polish translation . 
  i actually spent several days wondering what that animation next to the item bar was whenever i changed tools . 
  ha , almost all the math teachers in my life have been women . 
  the one guy was a dick . 
  glad you like it !, 
  right now i 'm reading through the update changelogs and there are some really interesting things there . 
  i 'm really looking forward to trying them out . 
  great album . 
  what a clickbait trash . 
  here in the czech republic we have a japanese immigrant who 's one of the most prominent nationalist politicians . 
  those types of people are everywhere . 
  let 's see who 's next . 
  oh , so this is a new meme . 
  a good friend stops joking around when you want him to be serious . 
  it 's normal not to worsen the situation by becoming even more aggressive than the aggressor . 
  where is the 11 year old ? 
  * for some , maybe, 
  jacob sartorius should bless us with something special . 
  and i 'm glad that 's the case . 
  because to me cigarettes are only nasty second hand smoke . 
  i 've never smoked so i only know the nastyness . 
  i 'd love to hear your advice because i live in a small town in the czech republic and i also ca n't see the stars . 
  what i do n't understand is why so many relatively respectable people associate themselves with these two assholes by attending their legal assault contest ? 
  that 's what i said when i heard about that gated brawl . 
  look how people dress going to watch that gated brawl , it 's ridiculous . 
  they want it to be a noble social event so bad but fail at it so miserably because what happens there is the furthest thing from civilized behavior . 
  something tells me you do n't have a problem with celebrities voicing their opinions when they align with yours . 
  feel free to make your own thread for an unrelated topic . 
  i hate it when attractive people cover themselves in tattoos . 
  why , biebs ???? 
  you were so perfect !, 
  i did . 
  i do . 
  you do n't . 
  no , i want gaming to be easier . 
  preferably every game should offer godmode and such by default . 
  some of us just want that space dick . 
  spoiler : two adult men in a gated brawl act like babies . 
  feminism is great , it makes the world a better place . 
  it 's amazing . 
  it 's one of the few movies i still remember fondly from my childhood . 
  i did n't even know it was a remake when i first watched it . 
  what i meant was that i did n't know the story or the characters at all because i 'm not american . 
  i noticed the exact opposite . 
  on / r/askmen people act like assholes all the time but on / r/askwomen the bad content gets moderated and the discussion is mostly civil unless trolls from other parts of reddit visit . 
  show us an example of an * actual * news site . 
  ( spoiler : infowars and breitbart incoming ) . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  win10 is amazing , but it does have problems . 
  i also hate cooking . 
  but i usually still eat at home , i just eat the ingredients instead of mashing them together ( = cooking ) . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'd rather go to prison than to war . 
  i have n't but i think a lack-of-identity crisis will be a thing for me in the next 10 years or so . 
  i stare at people because a lot of people are shaped in an interesting way . 
  it gets a bit weird though because every therapist always asks me who i 've visited before . 
  it 's a bit awkward telling them i 've been to 5 different people before already . 
  the dream, 
  [ uhm ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jge8wye.png ) i literally searched a random place and this popped up .
