  the good this is spotify lets you , unlike google music , see each song that is missing . 
  [ phildel ] ( http://open.spotify.com/album/77ae4f9buzhuux5m6xhtu7 ) . 
  her music is amazing !, 
  suggest him to scrobble to last.fm and you will see all the music he listens to in spotify and you will get nice charts as a bonus . 
  first in mind was [ this one ] ( http://www.spotifynewmusic.com/ ) but i think there is another one , but unfortunately i do n't have the link . 
  i do n't know what you mean by that , any account 's listening history is public by default if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i 'm afraid you can only see unavailable songs on desktop . 
  it logs me in for a split second and then it closes . 
  children tend to believe a lot of stuff . 
  remember santa ? 
  this article actually sums up pretty well how i feel about em 's recent music . 
  i recently discovered thuglife.com . 
  real gem . 
  looks like boobs with a small necklace in between . 
  [ here 's mine . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rccaab9.png ) i discovered so much more this year , but i guess top whatevers just do n't change . 
  yeah i thought about it when i slayed the dragon i lured for the draconologist . 
  it just seemed so magnificently beautiful and i felt really bad for killing it . 
  oh , must 've missed it . 
  thanks so much . 
  i wish bioware never added jumping , this climb-fest is not entertaining at all . 
  i played origins several times and never got bored of it . 
  i guess it 's type of `` fetch quests '' is better balanced with the rest of the game . 
  yeah , everyone keeps saying `` you do n't have to do this , you do n't have to do that '' . 
  should i even bother to play the game if certain parts of it are supposed to be ignored ? 
  the game should be fun as a whole and sidequests actually are pretty big part of da games , at least they used to be . 
  i 'm probably just disappointed that the game is so open world . 
  i liked how `` corridored '' dao felt . 
  i like to have choice to choose corridor and follow the path . 
  that does n't work anymore and it makes me confused and disappointed because i run around the map not knowing what to do first . 
  it was a joke . 
  yes , there are lots of things i dislike about inquisition , but overall it 's still worth the money . 
  it still has some of that `` dragon age magic '' left . 
  for those of us who ca n't fight back ( and do n't want to ) this really is n't an option . 
  it looks like the fade from origins . 
  just like firework is . 
  thanks , mystery explained . 
  it 's one of the simplest things you can let the player interact with , making the game world feel more believable . 
  you 're hot !, 
  how did you end up with alistair instead of stroud ? 
  yeah , my keep settings did n't import so i unintentionally played the default state . 
  i will have to replay all da games to refresh memory and be able to set up keep properly . 
  oh well , that 's what christmas is for - da marthon !, 
  i think the real question here is why is my spotify not snowing ? 
  oh , it 's probably just on mobile version , right ? 
  currently it 's impossible to delete songs from the folder view . 
  maybe it 's a precaution to prevent users from accidentally fucking up their playlists . 
  who knows ? 
  i miss this feature too , it 's just too much of a hassle to search and delete in individual playlists . 
  they 're awesome !, 
  when exactly was that moment i could influence the choice of the divine ? 
  i remember speaking to cassandra and saying to her that i would support her , then i got a war table quest that i did n't do . 
  later i spoke to leliana whom i expressed support to also , because i changed my mind in the meantime . 
  i waited for the moment when i would be able to make a choice , but it never came . 
  cassandra became the divine even though i did n't do the quest to support her . 
  what actions though ? 
  i only had a chat with them and never did anything about it . 
  maybe they have no ads for german market right now ? 
  i am from czech republic and i remember that when i was using free spotify , there were rarely any ads other than spotify 's own . 
  this is not what this sub is about . 
  remeber that life has no other meaning than the one you choose . 
  do n't let others tell you that you live your life the wrong way . 
  there 's no right way . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't like the idea wearing something other people tried before me without washing it first . 
  perfect , that 's what i needed . 
  thanks !, 
  you 're right . 
  i also do n't feel good about how it 's forced on us . 
  you did n't deserve this , but who knows , maybe this `` break '' will help somehow . 
  those shows are supposed to be entertainment . 
  some people like pretending ghosts are real , it intensifies the experience , but they all know it 's fake . 
  is n't that what we all do when we watch any tv shows or movies ? 
  sure , we know it 's all fake , but it 's possible to get into it and `` believe '' for the sake of enjoying the movie . 
  you ca n't just discriminate against a minority because it 's practical . 
  what other * effective * way is there to protest ? 
  exactly , this almost looks like they expect all gays to change partners like tyler oakley his hair color . 
  we are still going to experience ww3 , so at least there 's that . 
  that 's actually pretty good , looks like a head of a hedgehog though . 
  i gave up on drawing long time ago , maybe 5th grade . 
  some of us just ca n't draw , simple as that . 
  it 's normal . 
  maybe it 's just a phase , happens to me all the time . 
  sometimes ( like right now ) i ca n't even think of reading a book because i have n't been in the mood for one for the last couple of months . 
  can happen to games , sure , but i do n't think it 's something you can grow out of . 
  can you imagine growing out of movies or music ? 
  there may be times when you just do n't enjoy it , but it will get back to `` normal '' eventually . 
  yes !, 
  all the numbers must be nicely rounded !, 
  hey , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  you 're the man of reason !, 
   i showed my penis to my whole 2nd grade class ... 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 i might as well stop doing that . 
  of course !, 
  what what uncle bob do if i grabbed his birthday cake and smashed it into his face ? 
  would he just gasp and do n't know what to do or start yelling at me ? 
  do n't worry . 
  traditions are there for people who want to participate . 
  nobody should be forced to do anything because `` that 's how we 've always done it '' . 
  from english to any language .
