  i could have went the correct way - find studies that researched pros and cons of abortion and make a conclusion . 
  should i have done that ? 
  exactly . 
  it looks better . 
  they just do n't care . 
  i hope this does n't happen to me because it would activate the parking sensors . 
  we should n't make something legal just because people behave reclessly when it 's illegal . 
  thanks for this  ^ ^ ^ ^ bunch ^ ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ sexist ^ ^ ^ ^ bullshit, 
   when i would interview people at my old job , i would throw out the application if they wore jeans and a t shirt to the interview . 
  wow , and you 're a fucking asshole . 
  what a surprise . 
   walk her to the door at the end of the night , hold the door open for any and every woman , walk to the door to pick her up from the date , and talk to her as a human and not an object . 
  you contradict yourself here . 
   charisma . 
  man , that 's something i wish i learned at a younger age . 
  wrong . 
  you ca n't `` learn '' charisma . 
   communicating inside of a new relationship . 
  i know it 's exciting , but if you 're always there and talking to someone consistently throughout the day , eventually they may get sick of you . 
  maybe keep a little mystery at first . 
  do n't give them everything all at once . 
  this is terrible advice if you apply it to every relationship like you suggest . 
   talk to someone who has already purchased whatever major item you 're about to buy . 
  let them give you pointers . 
  cars , boats , houses . 
  also terrible advice . 
  people tend to overrate things they own even if they hate them to justify the purchase . 
  ( read : mistakes were made ( but not by me ) : why we justify foolish beliefs , bad decisions , and hurtful acts ), 
  i 'm not looking for anything anymore . 
  i 'm just waiting for the reality to kick in . 
  you 're right but this sub has a thing for abusing the horn . 
  it 's not just about the size . 
  it 's also about how the shoe holds on the foot , how it looks from different angles and how it feels . 
  i was using microsoft edge , now i tried google chrome and it works better . 
  also i found a mention on the plex forums that a windows client exists ? 
  i 'll try it when plex.tv is online again . 
  anyway , [ this ] ( http://pasted.co/8605d548 ) is detailed info about the file . 
  does n't make it ok . 
  i like the change . 
  i 'm 21 and i started getting grey hair two years ago . 
  i plan to dye them because by the looks of it they are n't going to be around much longer . 
  i 'm czech and i like brazilian guys the most . 
   sex and gay stuff in my native tongue sounds gross and scary, 
  i 'm czech but i feel exactly the same way . 
  but i do n't know if i can move out to english speaking countries . 
  the comments are predictable because uk roads suck . 
  but his point still stands . 
  it 's not even funny . 
  after years of me ignoring my birthdays friends stopped caring too . 
  i just go through the ritual with my family and that 's it . 
  they did n't turn out badly , they were awesome . 
  that 's what i thought when i saw avengers 2 , the thor movies , the captain america movies and iron man 2 . 
  i did n't see the last one , it might be good . 
  but the previous ones were mediocre . 
  yeah , i liked the trailer plus there 's spider-man . 
  i have a different preference . 
  his performance was amazing and entertaining . 
  i plan to check it out . 
  i used internet download manager when my internet connection was slow . 
  one of the best . 
  now it 's better so i only use jdownloader if i need to batch download something . 
  and freerapid downloader because it can download from certain websites without requiring you to enter captchas . 
  amazing song . 
  the reddit hivemind has decided that the dc movies suck . 
  they were n't exactly what i wanted them to be but were very refreshing . 
  you do n't have to . 
  i must say i really look forward to the new non-avenger marvel movies . 
  wait , i read yesterday she denied being offered this . 
  it looks good . 
  it was a cool and entertaining movie . 
  exactly what i wanted and expected . 
  i enjoyed the movie . 
  i hope the new ones are similar . 
  i think the cervical spine stuff is legit , i did my own research on that and it seems it is . 
  basically what i need is to have that area massaged but i do n't feel comfortable to have that done . 
  by olive oil i did n't mean the one you buy in the store , it 's an ear spray with olive oil extract that is supposed to soften ear wax . 
  i see both oil and hydrogen peroxide methods are mentioned on the website you linked . 
  who needs to calm down are paper fetishists with their spam . 
  especially if the first phone call results in a 6 month waiting period . 
  it 's just a car . 
  no he is n't , he 's doing it right . 
  i definitely agree . 
  it did n't even occur to me that the programs i download might be available in the store . 
  i might check that out . 
  i though the store only had apps that were meant for windows phone . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  everybody complaining how this whole thing is so vague . 
  what the hell do you expect ? 
  24/7 news coverage ? 
  it 's a non-mainstream american rapper tried in austria . 
  is n't that obvious why there is n't much more info ? 
  oh , so it is my fault that two years ago they did n't make phones with marshmallow ? 
  of course . 
  what the hell ? 
  there is less damage than there would be if he did n't swerve . 
  fuck off with this vigilante justice . 
  and creating more damage . 
  you 're dumb . 
  wrong . 
  this is how you create even more damage .
