  i hope so !, 
  well at least they 're still updating the app . 
  better than i was expecting honestly . 
  yep , maybe if you try to install one from the play store it will show up . 
  i 'm really disappointed . 
  i wanted more songs like ocho cinco . 
  there 's nothing else like that on the album . 
  i prefer / r/xtrill . 
  killing it ? 
  i mean he is good but this particular song sounds like like any other generic dj snake song . 
  the music posted there sounds better to me , 
  i used to read the episode discussions of the shows i 'm currently watching but they always overanalyze it , criticize it or talk about the parts i do n't care about . 
  i wish my dorm offered rooms for one . 
  yep , most of mine have a no laptop policy too . 
  they also usually make a huge scene if someone still uses it and it usually takes them like 15 minutes to calm down and continue with the lecture . 
  fun stuff . 
  yeah i guess that 's true . 
  what i want the most is to be the person they would come to first if they had any problem . 
  there are lots of issues i ca n't talk to my parents about because their reactions or opinions on life make it clear that they are not capable of having a civil discussion about them . 
  damn , i read some goodreads reviews and this book sounds creepy as hell . 
  it sounds like some / r/theredpill must-read . 
  this looks like a really nice read . 
  thanks , i 'll check it out !, 
  mine never even asked me to restart . 
  and i do n't restart that frequently . 
  i just never had to deal with this issue ever . 
  i would n't even know about it if i did n't read stuff like this on reddit . 
  mind to expand on that a bit ? 
  if i read every piece of sexist literature i would n't be doing anything else . 
  there are tons of better books out there to waste my time with those that try to manipulate me . 
  you 're not helping either , so fuck off too . 
  it does n't work for everyone . 
  also , drinking usually goes with eating lots of unhealthy foods , especially with beer . 
  that 's actually why i used to buy it even after i was in charge of my own medication . 
  i also expected my parents to know better . 
  it 's actually a parking brake . 
  yet people downvote the one who says it does n't work for him . 
  that 's just a different way of wording it . 
  why judge his size based on the flaccid state ? 
  [ here is my list . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ujxn7 ) it is based on my last.fm and memories . 
  even feed the animals ? 
  i thought it was considered a great album . 
  definitely . 
  wow , you 're such a winner . 
  you fucked someone 's daughter . 
  so you want a medal ? 
  lol, 
  i hate bringing my wallet with me because i have nowhere to put it . 
  so i usually just take whatever i will need . 
  money . 
  driver 's license . 
  debit card . 
  but rarely my id . 
  i 'm a guy and i hate bringing my wallet because i have nowhere to put it . 
  i always end up carrying it in my hand . 
  if you do n't want people reacting do n't comment . 
  yeah . 
  there was nothing controversial about deadpool . 
  we do n't care if you can prove it or not . 
  it did n't happen . 
  yeah . 
  yep . 
  also hdnw . 
  do n't worry , nobody will take you seriously anyway if you use this term non-sarcastically . 
  i think you look really good . 
  you especially have very attractive eyes . 
  i feel like i 'm looking at a lake . 
  before i saw it reddit made it seem it would be this tumblrina triggering anti-pc culture monstrosity and it was n't even close . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i was agreeing with him , providing an example of reddit stupidity in the process . 
  that 's completely fine . 
  i wish he did . 
  i love when reddit gets triggered . 
  back pocket does n't make sense to me . 
  makes me vulnerable to thieves , makes me unable to sit down unless i take the wallet out and makes me look weird . 
  if i put it in a front pocket it makes a huge bulge and makes me look like i have a hip tumor or something . 
  plus most pockets are too small . 
  it 's more the fact that my wallet is pretty stuffed so it does n't fit in straight pants either . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll add them to my to-read list . 
  i am talking about my impression of pre-deadpool reddit discussions about the movie . 
  they are good . 
  deadpool was supposed to be offensive from what i read here . 
  it was n't . 
  wrong thread ? 
  i like driving but ca n't afford to drive all day . 
  and it 's relaxing , honestly it would be awesome if i could afford a vr headset and someone was making vr videos where i would be in the passenger seat . 
  you could go on any road trip anywhere in the world without any danger of accidents and being able to stop whenever you want . 
  sure , if you 're up to it . 
  might be interesting . 
  yep , bvs was amazing , although i still have n't seen the extended cut . 
  there 's plenty of good mass-market porn . 
  not in my country . 
  cool . 
  thanks but sped up it 's not the same . 
  there are n't many best of albums i listen to but abba gold certainly is one of them . 
  i heard tnght so many times i ca n't stand it now . 
  nope . 
  apple music is probably the only music player for android that is n't compatible with scrobblers .
