  to me , tumblr looks like less user-friendly twitter . 
  it seems the type of content is identical . 
  [ removed ], 
  i guess we should wait for the redesign to be the 1.0 version ? 
  i know there are some commands but i do n't know how to use them . 
  there are lots of songs that try to encourage young women , are there any equivalents for men ? 
  i am definitely not looking for any anti-feminist songs or even `` man up '' songs . 
  i always filter them using res but it seems for every one i filter two more are created !, 
  does it ever end ? 
   bustypetite , realgirls , nsfw , nsfw_gif , gentlemanboners , cosplaygirls , nsfwcosplay , watchitfortheplot , prettygirls , asiansgonewild , holdthemoan , amateur , palegirls , asstastic, 
  ridiculous !, 
  does anyone know about a way to filter more of them ? 
  something like a straight porn multireddit i can filter ? 
  all you have to do is search the group with an asterisk * and it will do just that . 
  it took so much work and so much of my time . 
  every dvd has usually 4-5 movies with the average 700mb . 
  i even still have the full database list in my backup files . 
  dvd-rips are unwatchable these days but i feel really nostalgic and throwing it away still seems like such a waste . 
  did/does anyone else face a similar dilemma ? 
  how do you deal with it ? 
  [ removed ], 
  that 's why i struggle with legit sources like netflix or blu-rays . 
  unlike the subtitles for pirated versions they are n't precise transcripts . 
  i ca n't just start a new google account because i 'm too invested in this one . 
  but i also need a decent email address for school , work , etc. 
  what are my options ? 
  i wish i could have more emails within one google account but that does n't seem possible . 
  i have been able to put dragon age cd keys to origin and it redeemed them there . 
  i expect the same to happen with mass effect 2 . 
  but i have some other games that are not linked to any service like origin or steam . 
  i was wondering if some of them offer to redeem physical games ( maybe if i send them proof of ownership ) ? 
  ideally i would just rip my games to iso files , just like i did with dvds to mkv , but as i remember that has never been possible . 
  i 've been trying to get into gtav online , but as soon as it requires the players to work as a team i either chicken out before the game even starts or quickly quit the game after the first fail because i feel so embarrassed . 
  i know that i need to actually play the game to develop any skills but any failure that is witnessed by other people makes me want to die of embarrassment . 
  i feel like i 'm ruining the game for everyone . 
  i 'm so useless when it comes to simply having fun . 
  i ca n't do it . 
  i feel like i 'm invading other people 's lives with my failures, 
  also , from time to time there are some people who try to communicate with me but that makes me even more scared . 
  today someone team-messaged me saying hi and it made me quit the game . 
  i do n't know what to do . 
  it seems like i want to reach out to people but run away when someone is actually willing to suffer my presence . 
  i tried searching counting calories on youtube but all i get is those stupid `` here is why counting calories doesn work '' videos . 
  i 'm not interested in those because i already know what their arguments are going to be . 
  i want to watch someone talking about their experience with cico , not spewing hate at the method because it is n't profitable . 
  [ link to their blog post ] ( https://hola.org/blog/the-recent-events-on-the-hola-network/ ), 
  if i want to use hola only to unlock region locked content , not pirating , am i good to go ? 
  ** please follow the link in this post and read it , that is what this entire post is based on **, 
  i 'm not talking about prepackaged food , fast food or anything like that . 
  i 'm talking about what you could call the ingredients . 
  today my dinner consisted of a piece of goat cheese and a slice of bread . 
  why make it complicated when you can have a simple , healthy meal ? 
  i am supposed to search the workshop but it says it is locked . 
  there is nothing else in the area . 
  anybody know a solution ? 
  i own the base game , awakening + another dlc on origin and i have a chance to buy the ultimate edition cheaply . 
  will origin let me activate that key or not ? 
  i do n't want to spend money on a game i ca n't activate . 
  the reason why i 'm doing this is because i do n't want to spend the money ea wants for the separate dlcs . 
  i always set my activity level to sedentary , losing 1lb/0 .5 kg a week , but every app/website gives me a different number of calories . 
  i decided to go with [ the calculator linked in the faq ] ( http://www.freedieting.com/tools/calorie_calculator.htm ) , which now tells me to eat 1790kcal/week . 
  mfp gives me a similar number , 1780 . 
  a local weight loss tracker says 1870 . 
  ( used to include `` digestion '' that gave you almost 200kcal more until i disabled it ), 
  loseit says 2207 ( maintenance calories according to the linked website ) . 
  fatsecret says 2200 . 
  how are people who use loseit or fatsecret even losing weight ? 
  eating what the first website tells me works almost perfectly - 1kg/2lbs in two weeks , sometimes a little bit faster . 
  i actually counted it and the average to lose 1kg is 13 days for me . 
  it 's been more than two years since i came out . 
  it was n't anything dramatic compared to others i guess but i remember my heart was racing and i was getting light-headed for like a week or two afterwards . 
  i 'm glad i did it but i 'm also glad it 's behind me . 
  i am just not comfortable talking about that with my family at all . 
  i have no problem talking about it with my friends or anyone else , but just imagining bringing it up with my parents makes me wan na die of cringe . 
  they never bring it up . 
  my brother never brings it up . 
  but our relationship is no different than before me coming out . 
  there is nothing to remind them that i 'm gay and i think they may have forgotten it . 
  honestly , i prefer this . 
  i do n't have a problem with the idea of being in a relationship with a man and being completely public about it , i just do n't want to include my family . 
  it 's like i want to live two separate lives - one where i 'm being myself and one where i have a non-issue relationship with my parents , the way i imagine they want it to be . 
  i do n't even want to hear their opinion on it . 
  who knows what might come out of their mouths . 
  ugh , this makes me shiver just thinking about it . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  it works perfectly in itunes but on my phone it very rarely works . 
  i have been trying to fight this guy who just kept killing me from his car . 
  i thought he just had good aim but then he started shooting money at me ? 
  what 's that about ? 
  i noped out of the game really quick . 
  edit : well , shit , he managed to give me $ 360000 . 
  should i report that to rockstar or what ? 
  i guess not, 
  https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/201617423--updated-6-15-15-update-on-gta-online-cheaters-and-modded-gta -, 
  let 's hope this is true . 
  hi guys , a sad gtav player here . 
  i have been trying to open the ports gta online needs for a long time and have not been succesful . 
  i have an asus router that i bought and set up myself so i thought that was the problem . 
  but even after following the guide at porforwarding.com ports were not open . 
  i even put my pc in the dmz and that did not work either .
