  i definitely would n't try to `` educate '' them . 
  i do n't want to sound prejudiced but according to wikipedia free speech about same-sex families and marriage is limited in your country so it is probably wise to avoid topics related to that . 
  i live in the czech republic and even though some think this country is a gay paradise , it is not exactly true . 
  most people seem to think that we have enough rights and do n't want to hear about us again . 
  if i were you i would just wait until i had an independent life of my own and then try to move on . 
  if they want to be a part of your life they will , if not they wo n't . 
  i know it 's so easy for me to say these things when i ca n't really relate to your situation but it seems like the best solution . 
  if it 's a game of its own i might even bother to learn the rules . 
  i do that . 
  i just open my browser from the recently used apps view or whatever it 's called , just like 99 % of my apps . 
  lol , i have you tagged as ` dramatic bitch ' . 
  wonder why, 
  yep , nfc is pretty useless . 
  i disabled it because it kept vibrating with my phone when i put it on my wallet that has my card in it . 
  we 're basically besties now . 
  as a consumer i do n't really care . 
  i do n't know about that , they really do n't have any way of sensing anything since it never is a topic of a conversation . 
  i hope so , but i 'm 21 so who knows . 
  i actually found it easier to write it on facebook because i knew nobody was going to respond directly to the post . 
  some people approached me during the week and asked me about it , i confirmed it and they were accepting . 
  i even got a visit from the firefighters the next day because they thought i quit because of the occasional gay jokes . 
  this is a rough translation of my fb post :, 
   so , my dear friends i have an announcement for you this new year 's :, 
   i 'm gay !, 
   i 'm not shoving it down anyone 's throat , i just want to prevent any future misunderstandings . 
   ( btw this is me writing it , i did n't forget to log out . ), 
  no they are n't . 
  they 're safe , fast and reliable . 
  there 's nothing wrong with trying to end it !, 
  every time i visit that filthy site i need to take a long shower afterwards . 
  it 's not getting better . 
  at all . 
   streaming music does not really support artists, 
  that 's the label 's fault , not mine . 
  that 's why i only pirate stuff that is n't there . 
  that makes sense since there is no way to verify digital data with no drm . 
  of course . 
  who are ` we ' ? 
  i am a huge fan of troyboi . 
  he 's definitely in my top3 of edm trap producers . 
  here are some of my favorites from him :, 
  [ fyi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lse-pudcyg ), 
  [ automatic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zuvmygi9ye ), 
  do n't worry , he will . 
  hillary supporters made sure of that . 
  oh my god it actually works . 
  but i 'm not paying for that . 
  never . 
  just look at which communities show up first when you google voat . 
  it would fit in with the current content . 
  i mean , if you pirate you automatically hate fat people , black people , immigrants , feminists and liberals , right ? 
  and no one will ever use it . 
  because of the blackfatmuslimimmigrantliberalsjwhate bullshit . 
  haha , yep . 
  well it does n't look like that now so i guess they really went out of their way to change that search result . 
  i 've seen that in every thread i visited . 
  i might send you examples when i 'm at my computer . 
  yes , rational people avoid voat . 
  i do n't know which globe you 're talking about . 
  ah , i was n't logged in . 
  but the voat result still does n't change . 
  thanks , so my isp is indeed blocking it . 
  let 's hope they will be helpful . 
  i probably will but i do n't think they will be able to help . 
  i have history of having bugs that they refused to resolve . 
  it definitely would be worth it but i live on the czech republic and my isp is very small and only offers service to local towns . 
  8/1 for ~ $ 20 :(, 
  used to be 4/1 but they increased it for some reason . 
  exactly . 
  you do n't know about that . 
  sorry , but setting up a community on fatpeoplehate2.com is not a great idea to begin with . 
  yeah , they do . 
  but then i encountered a bug that they deemed unrepairable and told me they can only refund me . 
  no it is n't, 
  you are so brave , such an unpopular opinion . 
  are you saying trans people do n't matter ? 
  4 ) the sanders run ( 2016 ), 
  his supporters are still more intelligent than clinton supporters . 
  yep , clinton supporters totally are . 
  wait , you 're actually saying that trans people should not be forced to disclose their status , right ? 
  you just said that you believe in personal rights not government mandated ones . 
  so you say that trans people should not be forced by the government to disclose their status . 
  besides , just the idea of it is ridiculous . 
  they are not causing you any harm by not disclosing . 
  and no , just because you find trans people icky does n't mean you have any case against them . 
  something tells me this will be used to discredit feminism as a whole because feminism haters are dumb . 
  as fuck . 
  that is not imposing anyone 's rights on someone . 
  if a man manages to convince you that he is a woman and you have sex with him , that is not rape . 
  also , a trans woman , who * is * a woman , does n't rape you by not disclosing her status . 
  this is not an std . 
  this is a human being . 
  you have no rights here . 
  you . 
  the content of your post . 
  ah , now you 've revealed yourself . 
  let me repeat some facts for you :, 
  * trans women are women, 
  * insulting them does n't change anything, 
  * they do n't have to disclose their status about being trans , just like you do n't have to disclose you 're xenophobic - which makes me feel about you the same way you feel about trans people,
