  at least there 's some plot and dialogue . 
  yep . 
  and overall how a person drivers is also very important to me . 
  no tailgating , excessive speeding , etc. 
  not all of us use a vpn to hide from the nsa ... maybe instead of stating the obvious you could 've provided a better alternative ? 
  you just reminded me of the walking dead comic . 
  you did n't even bother to click on the link and just spew nonsense . 
  this is a paid vpn service that is offered by a third party for free for a year . 
  i actually already have this script installed . 
  i wish it was for me . 
  people here expect you to greet them . 
  i do n't want to !, 
  it 's the same as with black people . 
  it 's just stereotypes . 
  i usually just avoid eye contact . 
  that mostly works . 
  i actually know about this site but it 's a pain trying to find a good vpn with it . 
  too many options . 
  yep , it 's in the readme file . 
  the outrage !, 
  must . 
  post . 
  about . 
  culture . 
  he was not the reason gore lost . 
  you are being childish expecting us to fall in line . 
  not gon na happen . 
  so neverhillary . 
  neverhillary, 
  neverhillary, 
  yep , this is the reality . 
  no , it 's entirely possible to be sure by that age . 
  i 'm 21 and i already know too . 
  as a gay guy , i suffer . 
  blocking you and voting stein , 
  sure , if you want op to get arrested . 
  ok , you convinced me to vote stein  blocking you, 
  what a confrontational idiot . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i guess solitude does that to people . 
  i guess condoms give you aids then . 
  you 're the one overreacting . 
  i just finished the series and was searching for posts about the show . 
  i was still able to reply so i 'm not late . 
  i wish i was like you !, 
  i always took my sweet time . 
  when i was a kid it usually took me like 30 minutes to finish my plate . 
  as you wish . 
  even famous ? 
  i 'm afraid you would have to download it from unofficial sources . 
  are there any games that can quench my thirst for the good old java games ? 
  i 'm mostly interested in what gameloft was doing back in the day ( new york nights , splinter cell , asphalt , ... ) . 
  it seems that there are n't many games like that for android . 
  and i 'm not interested in complex 3d games that do n't belong on a phone , i want that simple 2d experience !, 
  he 's fucking gorgeous , as always . 
  i bet that even if op likes when you put things in his mouth , words he never said are not one of those things . 
  i have some of the problems you do . 
  and i used to have more . 
  the only thing that works is to wait until they fix it . 
  if you contact support they usually just offer you a refund . 
  i do n't know if the author of this guide was trying to be funny but some of the descriptions are wrong . 
  some of us never even used it . 
  how about in itunes ? 
  can you see them there ? 
  some of us are still fans who do n't give a fuck what you think . 
  the life of parkinson 's . 
  i still barely use windows search because it rarely finds what i 'm looking for ( programs - mostly , games - sometimes , files - never ) . 
  damn , now i have to install that game again , 
  purple lamborghini by skrillex and rick ross . 
  such an awesome song . 
  great for driving . 
  i did n't see anything negatively surprising in the video . 
  she had a reason for that . 
  she must 've had a reason . 
  maybe if the person who took the video rather asked her if she needed help ... 
  what a weird intersection !, 
  i do n't think i would notice there are lights and just go straight through it . 
  holy shit , how fucked up in the head do you have to be to react like this to someone flipping you off ? 
  when two assholes meet ... 
  i wish this worked for me . 
  after a shower i just feel worse . 
  my own depression ? 
  i do n't believe in stuff like that . 
  better ? 
  i have some dolby shit in there , it 's way too overbassed . 
  it got better over time but what i did n't expect was that the release of the 1.0 version did n't change anything . 
  i was expecting the new design or some major changes , they basically just changed the number . 
  i still have some issues - adding songs to playlists still takes way too long , hearted songs still do n't sync between devices ... but other than that it works . 
  it turned it on for me because it 's been on as the default . 
  i have a laptop though , maybe that 's different . 
  that 's a good question . 
  most people ca n't tell the difference . 
  those who think they can are in the minority . 
  wow , look at mr. 
  licensed psychologist . 
  he can totally determine that those people were n't just in shock from almost killing a police officer , he provides an accurate diagnosis !, 
  what would we do without you ? 
  the music is nice . 
  it opens your stock equalizer , it 's not an equalizer within the app . 
  you probably do n't have a stock equalizer .
