  that 's why i prefer to use our 24hr system . 
  i like the elegance of only ever needing 4 numbers to tell the time . 
  that 's what surprises me a bit because i do n't remember that happening to me . 
  the banter only starts when i 'm traveling a longer distance with the nomad and sam rarely talks then . 
  i wish i could see the full text of the response . 
  i would probably use the casual answer more often if the shortened version did n't sound so rude/arrogant/aggressively sarcastic . 
  i think it was after hunting the archon . 
  i have a z1 compact and i only get lag when generating chickens for more than 1 cycle . 
  yep , that too . 
  i avoided all the spoiler posts and now i can finally read them . 
  i played on narrative so it 's a bit like cheating . 
  there is so much of it . 
  i 'd often just stop and listen to the conversations happening around me . 
  also , whenever i was supposed to start a conversation with a character during a quest they were usually already talking about something . 
  i 'd always let them finish , it 's so much fun listening to them . 
  that 's something that would 've happened in the original trilogy . 
  it was more serious and the choices you had to make had serious consequences . 
  andromeda is more lighthearted so this would n't fit the vibe bioware was going for . 
  and i 'm not saying this is a good or a bad thing , just pointing it out . 
  it costs less . 
  i did play the original trilogy . 
  i only played the first part once because the second one was already out at the time . 
  the second part i actually did n't finish the first time because i missed a lot of the companion quests that were important to get the best ending so when things went south i immediately started a new game and completed all quests properly . 
  the third part i also played only once because of how emotional and a bit disappointing the original ending was . 
  i only watched the extended ending on youtube . 
  after that i was so emotionally wrecked i could n't even begin to think about replaying the trilogy . 
  to me , inquisition had too much filler . 
  and because of my nature that does n't allow me to skip side quests , it got boring pretty often . 
  i still really like the game but there was no way i was replaying it right after the first playthrough . 
  in my experience , andromeda did n't have any game-breaking bugs . 
  i had one side quest that kept showing a mark on the map even though i failed it . 
  in my opinion , a game-breaking bug is such that forces you to use either the dev console or some unofficial mods/cheats . 
  right , that should n't happen to me since i always do main quest last . 
  i really love these random freebies . 
  it 's better than petty drama . 
  great !, 
  another petty drama . 
  and now it 's killing children in eastern europe !, 
  i really hope we 're going to discover element zero in my lifetime . 
  then you ca n't reverse faster than the speed of light . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  my favorite part featuring him is when we see him mimicking alec to control the remnant tech and when it does n't work out he storms out of the room like `` damn , i got embarrassed in front of my friends again ! '', 
  you 're a problem . 
  you are right . 
  i just started my 2nd playthrough and i 'm reading all the emails , terminals and datapads for the first time . 
  adds so much to the experience . 
  let 's hope he does n't . 
  cpy are elitists who only care about making a statement . 
  what does it mean `` the crack does n't work perfectly '' ? 
  a crack either works or it does n't . 
  ca n't imagine there are many people who want to play a point & click adventure game with a controller but fair enough . 
  i hope at least the folks using the steering wheel were more lucky . 
  maga much ? 
  anyway , most normal groups release cracks for updates . 
  cpy are just a bunch of teenage show-offs who , by their uselessness , are comparable to anonymous . 
  what a retard . 
  wtf ? 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  my problem with cpy is that up until now they were the only ones releasing cracked denuvo games , so i was hoping somerandomantidenuvoguy * does n't * join them , because that would mean they would again be the only ones releasing cracks for denuvo . 
  i never claimed there are other groups cracking denuvo . 
  i was talking about groups cracking non-denuvo games . 
  being a cpy fanboy is a must on this subreddit . 
  the problem with cpy is that their work is basically useless . 
  but whatever , i guess when it comes to the cpy cock it 's ride or die for you . 
  now try and put it all together , see if you can figure it out . 
  good to know how you feel . 
  well that sucks . 
  i 'm still gon na play it but this is not a welcome change . 
  there 's stigma about that ? 
  i would n't smoke in a hotel room , that 's for sure . 
  16 year olds should n't be driving . 
  it 's the car brand 's fault !, 
  i really do n't mind that . 
  what i made the post about is more annoying . 
  because of people like you my gaming experience is now inconvenient . 
  thanks . 
   does n't it make sense to add an additional layer of `` are you sure you want to skip this ? '' ? 
  no , it 's annoying, 
   plus if you are intent on skipping through it all , you can still just mash the button , it 's not as if it makes you confirm every time . 
  rarely the case, 
   i think it 's a small inconvenience for people who like skipping the dialogue, 
  nope , hence this post, 
  so now it 's more inconvenient for me than it 's for you . 
  great . 
  they basically just switched the groups of people who get annoyed . 
  so it 's the clumsy ones who do n't get annoyed now ... 
  i never noticed it , so it either never happened to me or the skipped line was n't that important . 
  it 's the car brand 's fault !, 
  no , the car brand has nothing to do with this . 
  a cunt meets a cunt \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  it 's the car brand 's fault !, 
  as always !, 
  yeah , in da you can only create a white person with a blackface . 
  my half-black/half-asian female twin with blonde hair begs to differ . 
  [ archive link ] ( https://masseffectarchives.com/#user/2293726165/playthrough/1784370603/gender/male ), 
  i wish i could include his dad too but i do n't know how to view him during the game . 
  [ archive link ] ( https://masseffectarchives.com/#user/2293726165/playthrough/1784370603/gender/male ), 
  includes scott and alec . 
  really happy with the result, 
  damn , androgynous women make me question my homosexuality .
