  by the time i was 15 i was gay . 
  it happens . 
  what do you mean by progressive ? 
  that 's better than 99 % of commercials in my country . 
  this , especially if you have slow internet like i do , downloading 100gb of music with your phone can be quite stressful . 
  took me several * weeks * . 
  i 'd let it download over the night and it would just randomly stop because of some mysterious error or loss of signal or whatever and in the morning i 'd wake up to half an album downloaded . 
  i swear , after that experience i 'm never reainstalling my phone ever again . 
  it 's not worth the sweats . 
  have an upvote since you made some people angry . 
  yeah , i give it as much attention as i give to those quotes on movie posters . 
  download and install virtualbox, 
  download and use 64bit ubuntu in virtualbox, 
  open terminal in ubuntu and put these three commands in it :, 
  browser window pops up and if you have both services with paid subscription this will work . 
  it 's supposed to be over the top . 
  it 's a fucking parade ffs . 
  the parade is not trying to make the over the top stuff ok to express in public . 
  it 's supposed to show these people exist . 
  it 's the only time they can show their true selves and you want to take that away from them . 
  just because you ca n't stand to be around them for a couple of days . 
  once you do these steps , all you have to do in the future is to open virtualbox and use the last 2 commands ( if you saved the computer 's last state ) . 
  and have both premium accounts , which is why i ca n't do it anymore , unless someone follows my playlist and then lets me use their account . 
  i saw the cupboard and thought `` what a typical american cupboard '' . 
  no idea why . 
  annoying to * you * and some of * your * gay friends . 
  if you find the parades so annoying , maybe join the protestors ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with it and you can show the world what you think !, 
  trim the ` brows and go blond . 
  suddenly , an elf appears . 
  have you ever been to a pride parade ? 
  i have n't so i ca n't tell , but my friends who were pretty much all told me that the photos you see in tabloids are not the true representation of most of the parade . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://www.praguepride.cz/cs/fotogalerie/prague-pride-2014.html ) set of photos from prague parade . 
  yes there are some inappropriate photos , but most of them are pretty `` normal '' by your definition . 
  `` smart '' car, 
  makes me wish i was there . 
  seems like a lot of fun . 
  i am an introvert . 
  that 's why i * wish * i was there . 
  my journey ends with the wish . 
  maybe she was bisexual . 
  well , you 're the proof that kim 's legacy will live on even longer . 
  do you have both services with premium ? 
  that is important . 
  i want to try the apple 's streaming service anyway . 
  i 'm always ready to move to a better service . 
  tywin is kris jenner . 
  no , i meant kris , she 's the family manager . 
  the mod manager does n't allow me to add mods in folders . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.gta5-mods.com/scripts/single-player-garage ) mod has a . dll file and lots of other files in the script folder . 
  mod manager only lets me add a mod file , not a folder with files . 
  it lags for me too in firefox . 
  chrome also a little bit . 
  opera is fine . 
  it works and i 've been having fun starting hound from the lock screen - ok google - open hound - ok hound ... 
  how could i not upvote a song sampling my countryman 's symphony ? 
  have an upvote !, 
  wow , did n't notice that . 
  thanks for pointing it out , i would 've missed it otherwise . 
  you 're so kind . 
  i think google music tends to cache much more than spotify . 
  so the final size might be more than the songs you specifically downloaded . 
  he already burned innocent people before . 
  he never deserved any respect . 
  do n't forget that you can always put those subreddits you do n't need to see every day into nice little multis . 
  i never told my roommate , turns out he 's not much of a talker ( just like me ) so we barely speak to each other . 
  i originally planned on telling him beforehand , but luckily i did n't . 
  it would be awkward as fuck because it would be the only information he 'd have about me . 
  if she is , then she 's the exact type of product we need . 
  exactly . 
  they are * offended * . 
  it just feels so good to see them like this . 
  young people left !, 
  yep . 
  any kind of metal really . 
  lately , it has been system of a down , mot\u00f6rhead , lordi , rammstein , cannibal corpse , broken hope and lots of others . 
  this makes me so glad i live in a moderate climate where none of these monsters live . 
  yeah , exactly those everyone has . 
  i accept your apology . 
  that 's ... oddly satisfying . 
  i just love to watch people do what they love and brings them joy . 
  i wish i was like that . 
  not at all !, 
  music is a very personal thing to me . 
  i have been widening my musical taste since i was a kid and there was never anyone to share it with . 
  so i ended up loving music for my own pleasure . 
  right ? 
  i am always amazed by how many people rate music by the message and not how good it sounds . 
  for example - kendrick 's tpab - probably brings a great message and in the eyes of others it makes the album really good . 
  but if you take out the message , it just does n't sound good . 
  the ` musical ' part is not good . 
  which does n't really matter if you can - like i do - ` drown ' in imaginary relationships . 
  it 's great !, 
  where are you forced to listen to radio anyway ? 
  definitely go . 
  the only reason i go to movies in groups is because i need a ride . 
  no , i have a hard time convincing myself to go out , it 's a struggle . 
  i 've been thinking about going to see a local metal band , but ... 
  i just do n't know what there is to do . 
  i am used to listening to music at home , with my headphones .
