  whenever there is a java/adobe update that is n't translated , they do n't know what to do . 
  start the browser and google shows up ? 
  they ca n't see their favourite web portal so obviously the internet is n't working . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  video of a girl yelling gets tagged as loud but this one does n't ? 
  holy will not shit those eyebrows . 
  it 's divided into parts that are shown from the last to the first so you basically watch the film in reverse , hence the name . 
  i guess if you watched the story chronologically it would be strange , but more likely just boring . 
  [ the unforgiven ii ] ( http://open.spotify.com/track/2d1o6de5ajdghsb0w38ean ) by metallica . 
  it 's the only song by that band i like , probably because it 's completely different . 
  and i love it . 
  i browsed the landover baptist church forum for about 30 minutes and got incredibly angry . 
  i was ready to post about it in / r/atheism but luckily i was smart enough to open wiki and read their page there . 
  when i searched their name in that sub , literally every comment is saying how gullible people are to believe this . 
  [ * phew * ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/a84d9432fd312af18b52279fa2544356/tumblr_inline_na9qnwnuhv1srb02m.jpg ), 
  since then i consider everything satire until proven otherwise . 
  funny thing is this is n't the first time this happened to me . 
  does charles darwin martyr brigades ring a bell ? 
  yeah , i believed that for a while too ... 
  i 've seen it but i did n't understand it at the time and therefore found it pretty boring . 
  hitler was actually a jew who wanted people to stop abusing jews and raise awareness about the problem . 
  terrance and phillip !, 
  when i create a new character the game ignores it and spawns a totally random body . 
  maybe someday . 
  i live in czech republic and i am so glad i do n't have to do anything to sign up for donation . 
  i love this . 
  so many freckled asses . 
  finally someone who thinks of the gays . 
  thank you op . 
  thanks , i read about it on a czech website and was too lazy to find where exactly it 's mentioned on the wiki page . 
  i have been going to the same barber ever since i can remember and she always chats with other women there . 
  last time i was the only customer and was quiet the whole time . 
  i have known this woman my whole life , yet i have no idea what to talk about with her . 
  yes i used to and i quickly unliked all pages that did this . 
  now i 'm left with nerly empty feed and my life is much easier ( until i open reddit ) . 
  to catch a predator - putting people in jail instead of providing appropriate therapy and counseling since 2004 . 
  is n't it more the people who get the organs who profit off of it ? 
  the marshall mathers lp 2 . 
  i am a little bit ashamed of this , but as a student i really ca n't afford to buy all the albums i listen to . 
  spotify is now my best option . 
  hopefully i will be able to buy all my favourite albums in the future . 
  they are supposedly working on separating saved songs and albums so the number of albums is not limited by the number of songs . 
  but considering how long it usually takes them to release an update i would n't count on that until late 2015 . 
  this is wierd , it counts on that we spend our time listening to music browsing spotify . 
  that 's usually not the case ( at least not for me ) ... 
  but yeah , i 'm so glad to be a premium user . 
  seems like you actually care . 
  it 's interesting how many people are capable of writing walls of text about things they do n't care about . 
  you have been secretly chosen for the patience test . 
  if you can take it for another month , this error will be implemented into spotify officially . 
  i never understood what 's so cool about them . 
  why ca n't i just say hi ? 
  [ e. s. posthumus - unearthed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmbuwzxtss0 ) is an awesome album . 
  use the [ lazify ] ( http://open.spotify.com/app/lazify ) app , this is exactly what it does . 
  * eminem - relapse [ i love his flow and overall goofiness , also the beats are beasts ], 
  * kanye west - yeezus [ only album of his that i can enjoy every song on ], 
  * lady gaga - the fame monster [ perfection ], 
  * linkin park - hybrid theory [ also perfection ], 
  * rihanna - loud [ wow !, 
  another perfection ? ], 
  everything i believed as a kid turns out to be false . 
  it 's unbelievable how much shit information my caring parents unintentionally fed me with . 
  of course i would appreciate flowers , especially if they smell good . 
  i 'm gay though ... 
  * the grand budapest hotel, 
  * the lego movie, 
  * edge of tomorrow, 
  nothing is scarier than being unable to defend yourself . 
  i would even be ok with shitty sequels , i love those movies too much . 
  not an american , but i really do n't know anything about canadians . 
  instead of sitting at my computer i would sit invisibly at my computer . 
  sucker punch . 
  i have n't met a single person who liked it as much as i did . 
  everyone on the internet dislikes it . 
  i just do n't see why . 
  did you like any other trier 's film ? 
  i think melancholia was fantastic . 
  pickles . 
  fuck them . 
  nasty little alligator dicks . 
  i do n't think this is a gender problem . 
  more likely is that you know many women who are like that . 
  i was thinking about that . 
  maybe i will overcome the embarrassment one day . 
  play carpet for cars , i used to love mine when i was a kid . 
  i hope you did n't `` real life unfriend him '' ( like shoot him in the face ) . 
  anyway , i have n't seen twilight yet . 
  i think taylor lautner is really hot , but robert pattinson is such a creep . 
  i do n't get it . 
  how is the search function bad ? 
  i have never had any problems with it . 
  why not ? 
  i did n't even know it 's possible to wake yourself up any time you want ... 
  ca n't play laser tag , so * cruel * . 
  this is interesting . 
  when i played the game for the first time , i liked everything you seem to dislike . 
  sims 3 was incredibly `` heavy '' and now everything in the new game seems lightweight . 
  i love the simplicity of it . 
  when i first saw how the map looks i was thrilled !, 
  it 's so clear , fast and simple .
