  it is , i discovered it on apple music when i was browsing top world music albums . 
  if the lights had n't turned green he would have had to slam on the brakes . 
  i ca n't believe this sub would get into the same arguments over the fucking transmission . 
  jesus fuck this whole comment section is suitable to be posted as a submission . 
  is there any article/video that would explain this ? 
  i remember seeing something like the video you linked in another post and because i 'm pretty gullible it made sense to me . 
   imagine if that was an islam sub . 
  what are you implying ? 
  yep . 
  i love tagging these people , i always wonder if they frequent similar subs as me . 
  not follow him in the first place . 
  that was pathetic . 
  of course you had to chase him . 
  such a hero . 
  interesting , maybe i should read our constitution . 
  i watched it only because i had a crush on josh hutcherson . 
  worth it . 
  thanks for making this about the refugees . 
  much appreciated . 
  it 's probably easy to hate them if you think they are n't people . 
  because people are hysterical about it . 
  there is no equivalent of reddit in my language . 
  the same things i would be doing if there was no snow . 
  sit at my laptop . 
  and if it 's a manual . 
  it 's something about the way he handles the stick shift . 
  oh i love this game , now there is no reason to not buy it . 
  at the time i identified as bisexual so maybe i did ? 
  i do n't really remember . 
  my for you section is not really good at reflecting my taste but there still can be good finds . 
  thanks , there 's never enough metal playlists . 
  same here , but i had to reset my account and it removed all my hearts . 
  so i guess it had to start learning from the beginning again . 
  i can link [ this one ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/cz/playlist/melodic-death-metal-songs/idpl.1ee81833ca8e481eac137a9431064ed9?l=cs ) . 
  i used to have more but i had to reset my account . 
  i was actually looking forward to watching the new series ... guess i 'll have more time to watch something different . 
  shame , i 'm at my dorm and we do n't have wifi allowed ... 
  yes , but he has a new show on amazon . 
  i will probably watch the original top gear instead because there will be a new cast . 
  yes , it 's more comfortable to use a computer . 
  i have seen about half of their show and bruce was definitely the rational , calm and reasonable one . 
  at least he was portrayed that way . 
  i used to do this with movies , but then i realized it takes too much space so now i only buy digitally . 
  i 'm actually the same but i 'm also lazy and a hoarder so it becomes impractical real fast . 
  i have a huge collection of gaming magazines , games and movies and it takes a lot of space . 
  did you try apple music or google music ? 
  they let you upload missing music . 
  you 're definitely not ugly , i would actually say you 're maybe 6/10 . 
  the acne is not good but it will go away , i had several friends your age who had the same problem ( or even worse ) and now it 's gone . 
  you 're right about looking different in every picture , but do n't we all ? 
  true , but that 's very different . 
  you ca n't stream the music and it does n't integrate with the spotify catalogue . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't get why some people think that bisexuals * must * be with * both * sexes to be satisfied . 
  you posted in the right sub , no need to delete . 
  you post in those two subs and wonder why it seems redditors are disgusting ? 
  lol, 
  nobody cares about your petty arguments . 
  / r/shitredditsays has to stay because it shows us the darkest parts of reddit . 
  the vile shit people say on this site is sickening . 
  what if you 're partner looks white but one of their parents is black ? 
  should they inform you too because by withholding that information they are essentially imposing their beliefs ? 
   it 's the children who are wrong, 
  i think it 's similar to this - some people are short as teenagers and then suddenly they grow so much they become the tallest kid in class . 
  it 's not because of the way they were raised or what they ate , it was just going to happen no matter what . 
  and that is why i used to be straight , then for a time i was bisexual and now i 'm gay . 
  i was going to be gay no matter what , it just took time to get there . 
  this is it exactly . 
  when i see someone attractive , i just ca n't stop glancing . 
  the worst thing is when they sit behind me in class . 
  finding excuses to turn around is hard . 
  i have a gaming acer laptop . 
  i do n't think i will ever be able to go back to a regular pc after 7 years of using laptops . 
  would you also refuse infertile women ? 
  and tell them they were wasting your time by not telling you that the first time they met you ? 
   before things get too serious, 
  exactly . 
  trans person will also disclose the fact they are trans before things get serious because by that point they probably feel safe doing so . 
  if they went that far with their partner they probably know his probable reaction . 
  you do n't choose to be trans either . 
  look at op 's post - he basically saw a meme that said violence against trans people is to be expected if they do n't disclose the fact about themselves and went here trying to justify it . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a choice or not , being violent towards someone just because of who they are is not ok . 
  it 's what led him the question . 
  you 're wrong about that , genitalia does n't define your gender . 
  and i 'm talking about mtf because i think op is a man . 
  thanks , send me a postcard . 
  i do n't really know myself . 
  all i know is i used to be attracted to girls , then around the age of 12/13 i started crushing on boys too . 
  for the last couple of years i started losing my attraction to girls and now it 's so rare for me to be attracted to them that i just say i 'm gay . 
  right now i ca n't imagine being in a romantic relationship with a girl because i 'm not `` romantically attracted '' to them . 
  i can imagine having sex with a girl and maybe even enjoying it , but without kissing or oral . 
  i might enjoy eating a girl out because giving someone pleasure turns me on . 
  that 's also why i still watch straight porn if the guy is cute . 
  i do n't really mind the girl . 
  it 's just a guess but i think many gays probably do n't mind straight porn . 
  i mean , straight guys watch straight porn even though there are close ups on the guy 's dick . 
  is this what makes a bad driver ? 
  i consider myself a bad driver and most of my answers would be a no . 
  i suck at driving my manual , specifically driving slowly , backing up , parking ... basically anything other than driving in a straight line . 
  is it happening only to music you 've uploaded or does it affect music from apple music catalogue too ?
