  iphone users are used to paying for stuff and in exchange , they get a better experience . 
  i am one of those people . 
  ca n't wait for white people to disappear . 
  i 'm just disappointed it broke my browser extension that marked all videos i 've watched . 
  i do n't want to rely on the native youtube feature that took years to work reliably . 
  i hate the way google uses spacing and everything is huge . 
  one race , one humanity . 
  that 's the goal . 
  the way youtube treats transgender creators is sickening . 
  the only successful mass exodus in the history of internet has been digg -  reddit . 
  i actually hate communists because they ruined my country, 
  the only reason why i watch it is that there is n't much better similar content . 
  communists were not about forcing equality . 
  during communism , the rich elite ruled the poor . 
  communism is what capitalism will inevitably become when the top 1 % accommodates wealth by other means than forced privatization . 
  mgsv was the first mgs game i 've ever played and it was completely different from what i expected it to be . 
  there is humor . 
  lots of it . 
  fuck that . 
  i find gypsy guys attractive . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that !, 
  it 's just that roma people are a target of so much racism it makes it impossible to talk about that with your friends . 
  thank you !, 
  it is obviously ripping off poweramp player, 
  just keep reminding yourself that you 're not wrong , your feelings are legit . 
  it 's just that the majority does n't always get it right . 
  in a lifetime or two . 
  no , i have n't dated anyone yet lol . 
  but i have some roma friends . 
  they actually look like they 're getting hit . 
  it 's badly designed . 
  it 's not enough to just drive next to the train . 
  the hard part is figuring out the badly designed it . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  good work soren . 
  as i said , it 's not enough to just drive next to the train . 
  i do n't think these are good examples . 
  the reason why people think minecraft is a kid 's game is that the overwhelming majority of minecraft players are kids , not because they play it too . 
  my favorite part of this song is the akon verse . 
  i use [ jdownloader 2 ] ( http://jdownloader.org/jdownloader2 ) and it downloads fb videos in a good quality no problem . 
  yes !, 
  i have this with kayne 's graduation . 
  no idea why it happens . 
  i have n't tried it but maybe removing and readding it to your library might solve the issue . 
  i also started getting the cloud with an exclamation mark error with a lot of my songs but they work just fine , do n't know what that 's about either . 
  yes it is . 
  it is, 
  i have no problem with this . 
  trump is already doing worse stuff then editing your precious reddit comments . 
  i honestly hope reddit integrates with facebook and requires every user to send in the photo of their id . 
  i actually do . 
  i 've never experienced this because i use an adblocker . 
  everyone who does n't use an adblocker . 
  that sounds great actually . 
  some say i need a whitelist, 
  really amazing photo !, 
  i wish it was at least 1080p so i could use it as a wallpaper . 
  that would be great . 
  cool !, 
  uh . . you have n't heard an actual skrillex song in a very long time . 
  anything that needs practice is hard . 
  oh , i thought it meant gruesome . 
  then why are they paying the creators so much ? 
  root for adblock . 
  why not just turn data off when you get home ? 
  i do n't even have data and i always turn wifi off when i know i 'll be walking out of range . 
  that 's a correctly used comma . 
  what i meant was why are they paying the creators at all ? 
  or why do n't they just pay those who are actually profitable ? 
  youtube did n't use to pay creators at all some time ago , they chose to do that . 
  why , if it is n't sustainable ? 
  his music does n't sound like it did when this ` joke ' started . 
  thank you !, 
  much appreciated . 
  cool !, 
  we 'll never know, 
  i watched it on youtube and do n't regret it . 
  i thought it 's a user promoting their new site . 
  that 's not spam . 
  i did n't ask for your comment and yet i do n't consider it spam . 
  you did n't expect a private messages when you made an account that allows them ? 
  that 's just weird . 
  aww i 'm glad you liked it :3, 
  i live and 800 miles is . 
  they did n't take it down , they made a hole . 
  most vines were funny . 
  the anime was worse . 
  is that how recording works in these apps ? 
  wtf ? 
  the downvotes clearly show you 're right . 
  there 's nothing wrong with her reaction at all . 
  i am not going to respond to someone yelling at me when i 'm in my car either . 
  or she just does n't pay attention to a guy yelling at her at the lights . 
  nah , she probably just did n't want to talk to a random guy . 
  same in the czech republic . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had a car in my rear view mirror that did n't look like it was a part of my car . 
  some of those people are so obnoxious . 
  you can do that without stopping your car in the middle of the road , opening the door and just standing there like an idiot . 
  everybody has to care about what you care about, 
  i thought it was pathetic and unnecessarily dramatic .
