  my r/all is almost clean now , i even blocked most of the affiliated subreddits . 
  i want pokemon go out of my life but this site shoves it down my throat literally everywhere . 
  i watch those russian dashcam videos and it seems almost univesal that they apply the ebrake and leave the car where it is even when it would be better to pull to the side of the road to not block traffic . 
  is there a way to make it show all playlists ? 
  this started happening after the ui update . 
  i need to find out what playlists a certain song is in but it does n't show all of them . 
  this has been happening since the last ui update . 
  i have the latest version of itunes , windows 10 . 
  i only use itunes to access apple music . 
  so basically i do n't like the attitude of certain characters and it ruined the book for me but i still want to know what happens in the rest of the book . 
  the most important to me are these :, 
  * are there any other revelations ? 
  * is it true the war is still on or are they just guessing ? 
  * what happened with artjom and homer ? 
  what else can i do ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i have both albums on apple music because i usually listen to the original , but also like to listen to the newest version from time to time ( and there are some extra songs ) . 
  and i have the same thing with yeezus - the changes are more subtle but i still listen to the original because that 's what i got used to . 
  i am a 21 years old gay man who might consider having a family in the future . 
  if that will be the case , i 'd want to be a good parent . 
  i do n't want to rely on parenting advice from my parents because i strongly disagree with some of their parenting methods . 
  but i do n't want to dismiss their advice if in reality it is good advice and a good book just might do it . 
  is it because they make them lots of money ? 
  and i do n't want those pov reviews or short drives of expensive cars . 
  i want long drives from the driver 's view . 
  i have an xperia z1 compact and the phone overheats very easily . 
  i want my next phone to be as cool as possible when gaming . 
  i honestly hate typing on a phone . 
  it takes too long , it is more physically demanding and very unintuitive . 
  for the record , when i say russia , i mean the russian government , not the russian people . 
  same goes for turkey and ukraine . 
  i just wanted to make the headline shorter . 
  [ removed ], 
  they only tell you things you already know . 
  they do n't give advice , they only try to `` guide '' you so you can help yourself . 
  which by definition ca n't work because your mind is broken . 
  you ca n't fix a broken mind trying to convince it it needs to fix itself . 
  imagine coming to a car repair shop ranting about your broken car . 
  the mechanic will then let you rant for 60 minutes while trying to guide you to repair the car yourself . 
  you do n't repair the car of course . 
  and you can repeat this shit indefinitely but the car never gets repaired . 
  but now you 're poor because the guidance was pretty fucking expensive and you have no job because you could n't drive there . 
  oh , and before this even started you had to wait half a year so the mechanic could even see you . 
  that 's how important your problem is . 
  not worth the time and money . 
  and the price you 're going to pay in the end is your life . 
  first of all - i do wash my ears but i do n't know if i 'm doing it correctly . 
  i just use my fingers in the shower and only wash the parts that are accessible by them . 
  should i be doing something else ? 
  because right now it sucks - i ca n't use in-ear headphones because of the wax . 
  i can barely use earbuds . 
  i have to clean my ears with olive oil every couple of weeks because the buildup is so bad my hearing gets muffeled when i press certain parts of my ear or when i lay in bed on the side . 
  but the olive oil sucks too because when i apply it i get oil everywhere and it does n't even work that well . 
  they do n't have anything else in the pharmacy . 
  should i go to a doctor or is my hygiene just bad ? 
  i seriously have no idea . 
  last time i went to a doctor he was really rude about me having ear wax in my ear and i 've been hesitant to visit one since then . 
  oh and i also have mild tinnitus but doctor said it 's probably from improper posture ( i 'm supposedly fucking up the cervical spine area or something ) . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  this has happened to me a couple of days ago . 
  my dad gave me his phone because he was expecting a phone call from a car salesman and would n't be able to pick up the phone in the next few hours . 
  the guy called , but i did n't understand what he was even talking about . 
  i was really confused . 
  i even asked him again to explain but it did n't help . 
  as i was feeling really awkward i thanked him and we ended the phone call . 
  when my dad returned i told him what happened but was unable to recall anything that me and the guy talked about . 
  dad looked at me like i 'm the biggest moron in the whole world and just shook his head , giving me this smirk of bewilderment . 
  i felt like an idiot . 
  this is nothing new to me . 
  i already have problems at school - what needs to be said once to most i have to hear at least several times before i start to understand . 
  this does n't happen always but it catches me off guard every time because it 's always some trivial shit . 
  i have trouble taking notes . 
  i can either focus on what the professor is saying or i can take almost literal notes . 
  nothing in between . 
  when i do the former i have a chance of understanding the topic but forget it later , if i do the latter i have a slim chance of understanding the topic from my notes . 
  i always forget even the most basic information after some time . 
  so when the final exams come i have to basically relearn the whole curriculum . 
  it 's really not refreshing my memory , it 's actually relearning . 
  and because i 'm dependent on my imperfect notes , the results are always underwhelming . 
  i really feel like a part of my brain is missing . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  am i just inattentive and so used to it that it feels normal ? 
  i do n't know , but i feel really useless . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://www.key-logger-free.com/index.php ) but do n't know if it 's a good idea to install it . 
  i want to use it so i do n't have to worry about losing a long reddit post , etc. 
  i am a 21 year old male , current weight 74 kg/163 lbs , 185 cm / 6ft tall . 
  i eat between 1500 - 1700 kcal / a day . 
  i have always had problems with remembering important things unless i wrote them down and set a reminder . 
  i have also always had a problem with paying attention , being aware of what is being said . 
  i think the calorie deficit might be making it worse . 
  i am definitely eating enough protein and fats . 
  i think my diet is fairly balanced . 
  i do n't exercise though . 
  i go for a walk a few times a month but that 's it . 
  last week i was on my feet basically every day but i did n't feel any change . 
  i was just more tired and felt justified not doing anything for the rest of the day . 
  i am going to see a doctor tomorrow , but i wanted to hear your opinions on the matter too . 
  [ the circuit in question . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/t74yu ) i am being told that the capacitor c1 will be charged to 0v in a steady state but for the love of god can not find out why .
