  the first three months are free but you have to add a valid credit card . 
  in itunes -  apple music settings you can turn off the auto renewal . 
  i once walked out of the store with a videogame in my hand to ask my mom if she 'd buy it for me . 
  everyone in the store just looked at me while i , embarrassed , returned it and walked away . 
  this is insanely depressing . 
  2011 skrillex please come back ... 
   in shitty movies, 
  so why did you include suicide squad ? 
  haha , i do n't even have fiber and i have the same problem . 
  i have a 15mbps connection , download around 1.8 mb/s . 
  with windscribe the download speed does n't go over 800kb/s . 
  yeah , i even tried stealth mode . 
  still the same . 
  he just keeps producing a hit after a hit . 
  should we tell her ? 
   people call rihanna rnb and hip hop all the time even though shes made pretty textbook pop for most of her career, 
  first you say judge an artist based on their previous career, 
   grammys nominated hotline bling for best rap song even though its all singing , and how they did n't nominate one dance for pop, 
  then you say do n't but judge every song individually . 
  so what is it ? 
  damn , i get tired of a genre if i listen to it for more than a couple hours . 
  what he does with his voice sounds really bad to me . 
  it 's non-melodic . 
  i like my music melodic . 
  1 . curtains up ( encore ), 
  2 . evil deeds, 
  ~ ~ 3 . never enough ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ 4 . yellow brick road ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ 5 . like toy soldiers ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ 6 . mosh ~ ~, 
  8 . my 1st single, 
  9 . paul ( skit ) ( encore ), 
  10 . rain man, 
  13 . just lose it, 
  14 . ass like that, 
  15 . spend some time, 
  16 . mockingbird, 
  17 . crazy in love, 
  18 . one shot 2 shot, 
  19 . final thought ( skit ), 
  20 . encore / curtains down, 
  21 . we as americans, 
  22 . love you more, 
  23 . ricky ticky toc, 
  no order :, 
  big fish, 
  land of the free, 
  on the come up, 
  no frauds, 
  mask off, 
  are you serious, 
  who dat boy, 
  in my mind by bj the chicago kid, 
  lmao the ground symbol on the dog 's forehead is precious, 
  song getting overplayed is a sign of greatness . 
  i 'd say the song is pretty good . 
  i mean what 'd you expect from her best album ? 
   if you ca n't love yourself , how the hell are you gon na love somebody else ? 
  this quote is absolute bullshit . 
  dae modern art is so dumb ????? 
  [ big sean - all your bitchy noises ( feat . 
  kanye west & bill burr ) ] ( https://clyp.it/jqos5t1o ), 
  thoughts ? 
  you 'd be doing it for likes and views too if you were a kid today . 
  and you 'd have a fidget spinner . 
  it 's not just his relationship though . 
  fucking umlauts , i always end up googling them and copy & pasting them in the document . 
  i do n't like the beats and non-melodic nature of those songs . 
  what happened : he saw her , turned on recording and then intentionally caused her to crash . 
  he literally turns on the camera manually and then fucks with her on purpose . 
  no , they turned on the camera and then blocked her on purpose . 
  nah , it 's what happened . 
  thanks for being calm and reasonable though !, 
  the guy was stupid enough to get out of his car and leave the keys in it !, 
  what the fuck did they think was going to happen after running him down like a fucking mob ? 
  there are no failed ones . 
  why is everyone acting like this is some famous story ? 
  never heard of it . 
  yep . 
  i 'm 22 and started looking for help at 18 . 
  every lgbt help center is 15 and below . 
  lol that 's your fault . 
  use a normal browser . 
  my favourite indy movie . 
  lol i 'm going to see it just to spite you . 
  mccain is a hero \u263a, 
  * trumpets echoing in the distance *, 
  i read the first 10 chapters and i ca n't get into it . 
  that does n't happen to me very often . 
  it feels like nothing really happens in this book . 
  and the random jumps in time also confuse me . 
  i see , trump is a good example . 
  right , boys do n't do that . 
  yep , this attitude is bullshit . 
  because extroverts are the ones who created the rules for normality . 
  paint is perfectly fine too . 
  you 're not supposed to let people merge . 
  exactly , he barely stopped in time . 
  following too close . 
  and that is a good thing .
