  thanks . 
  i think it 's the same mentality some older people have - they think it 's not worth their time or are n't interested so they do n't really try to understand . 
  i see it with my parents . 
  when they want to do something on their computer they are more than capable ( navigating youtube ) but if it 's something that does n't directly result in ` fun ' ( reading an error message and trying to find out what caused it ) they just try to get me to solve it , even though by now they would be able to solve it themselves if they tried every time the problem appears . 
  that 's why i have to write my dad 's emails or operate his banking account . 
  or they live in a post-communist country like me  i 'm 22 and i remember the time when our elementary school got the first computers . 
  i guess it 's like owning a car . 
  most people can drive it but have them change the wheel and they wo n't be able to do it . 
  i know i would n't and i learned that in theory before getting my license . 
  he 's really cute . 
  hell yes he is . 
  they are both really hot . 
  no , he 's too busy putting other people to sleep, 
  ok this is trash, 
  glad to see an appropriate reaction on this sub . 
  well , at least his mind was n't . 
  you muted it because you swore at her directly . 
  getting out of your vehicle to confront someone should automatically revoke your license . 
  what the fuck was the cammer trying to do ? 
  drive into him ? 
  what an idiot . 
  and that 's an insightful comment . 
  if you 're going to throw around victim blaming , the victim is the driver . 
  i hate it , it 's just so stupid and unnecessary . 
  wrong, 
  i want pierce brosnan . 
  is the chicken made of wood ? 
  so much oil ... 
  not when you use it for frying, 
  i watched matrix revisited recently and it has made me rethink the way i see actors . 
  i realized that this is what makes a great film - the effort put into it . 
  for those who do n't know - new drivers in poland are actually taught in driver 's education to do this . 
  that is the only explanation why it happens so often . 
  you literally caused two lanes to be blocked longer than she ever would . 
  yeah , the cammer basically helped to block the lanes way longer than she ever would . 
  what a terrible parking lot . 
  this was actually very satisfying . 
  he was looking for a confrontation , wanted to make the cammer angry but failed . 
  really nice . 
  every car has one . 
  you still caused two lanes to be blocked longer than she ever would ... 
  brb, 
  smoking weed is still disgusting because it 's still smoking . 
  these were fucked up times . 
  i upvoted your post because the mass downvoting is ridiculous . 
  you 're not , it 's just the childless redditors who think that is ok . 
  that is art too . 
  lpt : most people have a phone with a camera and will not hesitate to record anything remotely embarrassing you do . 
  yep , most people just whip out their phone , record you and post it on the internet . 
  it looks too cool . 
  typical / r/roadcam user . 
  yes , all cars nowadays have them . 
  your joke is n't funny . 
  the car kinda looks like the main car from nfs : mw . 
  at first i though the cammer was speeding to film the police ... 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  most of my fellow citizens seem to think that doing the speed limit in rain/snow is not enough and i 'm pretty sure they never heard of a safe following distance . 
  also the overtaking technique common here is horrible . 
  she has tits , do n't you understand ? 
  we wish but nah . 
  yeah , people are stupid . 
  it 's the worst when they start judging drivers based on their nationalities . 
  do you know you actually answered yes by proving how touchy you are ? 
  this thread should be enough proof that the answer is yes . 
  is n't 720p hd ? 
  couple years ago i started to care about how i look but i did n't care enough to change how i look . 
  nobody ever asks that , everybody wants to tell their joke . 
  who 's phone ? 
  knock knock . 
  who 's there ? 
  phone . 
  then who was phone ? 
  makes one wonder what made you open this thread and comment , instead of just filtering it . 
  because we are all so interested in your outrage . 
  it often shows discussions from various subreddits with various maturity . 
  a good movie . 
  it amazes me that i like a show with main characters who are all bad people . 
  you just do n't understand the rating system . 
  remember we 're still within the time period of the show . 
  i 'd say priest integrity changed dramatically . 
  that 's not how cheese looks like . 
  i started watching this not knowing this is a superhero series . 
  i leave it knowing it 's boring and not fun . 
  honestly , i only went there to see if the movies caused any controversy or not . 
  like the seasons with brody . 
  just because you liked it does n't mean it is n't garbage , that 's just your opinion . 
  that 's why i hate the concept of snitching . 
  this is n't trashy , you just do n't like the way they look . 
  / r/trashy, 
  it 's the easiest way to get rid of it . 
  people who just want to get rid of it the easiest way . 
  who gives a fuck about this clown ? 
  cancerous humor . 
  i really wanted to like the show and it is great but the storyline with the abusive husband just completely kills the mood for me . 
  i ca n't watch that . 
  the show is half serious half funny and then suddenly there is a very realistic depiction of an abusive relationship . 
  it 's really well done but it does n't fit in with the rest . 
  beating cancer is disrespectful . 
  the problem is that we should strive for better public schools , not to abolish private schools . 
  now !!!,
