  true masterpiece . 
  there 's so many wrong things with this movie , yet it is still able to entertain me the whole time . 
  that 's not funny , that 's sad . 
  super meat boy . 
  i played it for 5 minutes and then i had to buy a new gamepad . 
  sorry ground . 
  use the turn signal before you make a turn !, 
  you use it to inform other drivers that you 're * about to * make a turn , not that you are turning . 
  most people use the turn signal wrong at a roundabout - they use it the moment they start leaving the roundabout , but they should use it right after they miss the previous exit . 
  i need you to go * dick * deep in your mind , -- big weenie by eminem, 
  of course the word is dig . 
  but it made perfect sense to me - i thought he was trying to be funny by saying that you have to fuck your head to reach your mind . 
  i guess [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxplhe_z57m ) could be used as a tutorial . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i use spotify in czech republic so the releases are limited , but right now i can see only 19 albums in new releases and they did n't change since like two weeks ago . 
  what 's the point of sorting 19 albums ? 
  she 's one of those artists like beyonc\u00e9 , who like to avoid streaming services like spotify . 
  i think the best solution is to buy the song on itunes and then add it to playlists as a local file . 
  that 's what i did with the last beyonc\u00e9 's album . 
  i noticed that when i was watching porn i was more focused on the guy than the girl . 
  so basically i started choosing straight porn videos with guys i liked and it eventually evolved into prefering gay porn . 
  i think i realized that i was gay in 6th grade , because i can clearly remember my first big crush was a guy . 
  even though i recognize myself as gay , when it comes to porn it might seem to some that i am actually bisexual . 
  accepting opinions that most people around me agree on is not always a good idea . 
  i know this it 's a dumb example , but it perfectly shows what i 'm trying to say : i used to mock justin bieber , because everyone else was doing it . 
  when i actually listened to some of his songs , i found out that it 's not really different from all the other pop music out there . 
  i just did n't enjoy it . 
  and i try to keep this attitude for everything . 
  before i can eat a slice of bread i need to bite off the crust first . 
  the reason for this is that the bread typical for my country has pretty [ hard crust ] ( http://imgur.com/i7nqwqn ) . 
  the grand budapest hotel . 
  every second of that movie is perfect and there really is no reason to not start loving it the second it starts . 
  i was a little bit disappointed with this movie . 
  the trailer was so awesome that i almost believed for a while that it might be the first superhero movie i will love . 
  nope . 
  the humor is childish , chris pratt is not interesting and definitely not good looking and the whole plot is boring as hell . 
  it just makes me sad that the money poured into this could 've help to create a movie with an interesting universe . 
  i am so sick of watching shallow stories that never reveal anything about their universe . 
  it 's always just hints . 
  for example transformers - i would rather watch a movie completely dedicated to their creators , even if it meant no action . 
  really ? 
  i found it really hard to get into . 
  took me several episodes . 
  i 've seen the opening sequence so many times that i 'm sick of it now . 
  but i still love the movie . 
  probably my favourite tarantino , but that might be so because i do n't really remember clearly many of his movies . 
  make sure no planes are above me when it happens . 
  i think this one makes sense . 
  driving barefoot does n't sound like a good idea . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  i would not cum on him . 
  and i saw a dubbed version of the movie , because that was the only one in the nearby movie theater . 
  that might be the reason why . 
  that 's true , but i doubt i could manage to do that . 
  i understand that but what if you need to suddenly stomp on the break pedal ? 
  you might hurt your feet . 
  with shoes on the press will be more firm . 
  it is more dangerous . 
  still does n't make driving barefoot a good idea . 
  maybe if it 's recognized by spotify as a song from their cataloge , then it might count ? 
  i know right ? 
  what country does he live in where they let women drive ? 
  it 's not a rule that when a man is in the car he has to be the one driving . 
  his fianc\u00e9e is probably a better driver . 
  i thought about that this for a couple of minutes . 
  i would probably burn to death . 
  i really like visiting / r/apple . 
  i have never used any apple device , but these people are just so nice and i like to lurk there from time to time . 
  michelle rodriguez . 
  ever since i saw the first fast & furious movie she 's my favourite . 
  depends on who i 'm talking to . 
  with my friends we usually talk about movies or games . 
  i do n't really know what to talk about around other people so i just listen . 
  some people just like to keep their music taste more diverse . 
  i listen to nicky , but that does n't mean i ca n't enjoy music that is `` intellectually more valuable '' . 
  sexual orientation . 
  yeah she does n't really act in many movies and usually just has small parts , but she 's just so cool . 
  unicorns . 
  we need them for gay parades . 
  clicking the scroll wheel on your mouse to open links in new tabs or closing them . 
  this surprises me everytime i find out about someone who does n't know . 
  i always thought this was common knowledge . 
  i learned this in high school when we started bringing our laptops to class . 
  need to go to the bathroom and leave your laptop in a class full of teenagers ready to mess with it ? 
  no way . 
  i need to remember this . 
  please make me remember this . 
  yeah , that 's my problem . 
  i take comments on the internet as a personal attack against me . 
  to not repeat myself from other threads , i will say [ crazy in alabama ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0142201/combined ) . 
  this movie is fucking perfect . 
  i loved it and when i saw that most people think it 's not really that good i did n't know why . 
  i saw it not knowing what the general reception of this movie was and after i saw it i thought that must be at least in top 100 . 
  oops . 
  i spend most of my free time at home . 
  when i want to buy something in my free time , it is going to be over the internet . 
  to do that i need to pay with my debit card . 
  i do n't know if i can afford it , so i have to look in my bank account to see how much money i have left , which requires sms verification . 
  too much work , fuck it . 
  reading all these responses makes me think about how you guys from english speaking countries have it easier . 
  imagine that i have to deal with people not only doing all these things in this thread , but on top of that they do n't understand english !,
