  is n't it illegal to not have winter tires when there 's snow ? 
  because all the bodies were in moving cars . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  this `` joke '' is not relevant . 
  he is n't blaming you for what the other driver did . 
  it 's not a middle lane , it 's still a passing lane . 
  holy you ? 
  yeah , you also deserve to die . 
  anyone who likes when others die deserves to die too . 
  yeah , they definitely insist . 
  why not , do you stop when you run over a corpse of an animal ? 
  why stop when it 's a man ? 
  awww  triggered you ? 
  my wish has been granted , 
  aww , a stalker ? 
  you 're the one with issues , 
  because it 's a bank . 
  your identity is important there . 
  your face must be seen . 
  it makes sense . 
  and you 're a semi-paralyzed stalking homophobe , so we 're even . 
  i 'm telling you you 're an idiot who acts even dumber then he is , 
  haha i see i struck a nerve , 
  you took over the account ? 
  of course , that 's what regularly happens on reddit , you just choose an existing account and take over . 
  glad you did n't become a cop , you would probably be killing black people * right now * . 
  i like how you focus on a bit of information that has nothing to do with your failed dreams  no , you did get this account , you 're just embarrassed that you 're damaged . 
  sure they do  they 're glad their son is n't a crippled loser . 
  better then being a failure . 
  there is none, 
  i does , 
  yeah , be a cunt . 
  so helpful, 
  i can walk it out . 
  you ca n't . 
  and you 're not standing up . 
  do n't be lazy . 
  yeeeeeah , finally a chance that an anticipated pop record wo n't be a disappointment . 
  they suck because of lack us features . 
  excused . 
  stupidly spelled ? 
  are you sure you 're not the stupid one ? 
  probably is n't dumb . 
  the guy looks like will smith in suicide squad . 
  you have to release it first you fucks . 
  nobody wants to try a potentially better thing when the thing they use now even remotely works . 
  you 're stupid because of the idea ty debile . 
  crazy does n't imply stupid . 
  also , if you 're hot i 'm up to it . 
  i feel awesome listening to that song in racist filled europe . 
  love the message . 
  i love that woman so much . 
  you probably are . 
  when he 's judging guys based on snapchat filters . 
  when you live in xenophobic and racist countries you kinda have to state what you do n't want in your life since it 's expected of you to be racist by the general public . 
  nothing , it 's cute . 
  no , nobody should force themselves to be bullied into changing their habits . 
  he did n't do anything wrong . 
  he should no , it 's inconvenient . 
  and since he gave her the phone it would be unlocked anyway . 
  where did i argue otherwise ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  what i meant was that i have to state in my profile i will not date racists and xenophobes . 
  not that i pretend to be one . 
  i have overwritten my comment because op did too . 
  wow, 
  a really unnecessary letter, 
  this is exactly what i hope does n't happen , lemonade did n't really seem that great to me . 
  but maybe gaga has the potential to make an amazing album anyway . 
  maybe `` relapse '' by eminem but i 'm not sure . 
  i do n't think there even is such an album where i love every song . 
  stronghold . 
  such an amazing game , i still play it from time to time . 
  duck tales , scooby doo , pokemon , chip & dale , tom & jerry and tons more i do n't remember . 
  that 's what the trucker did . 
  yeah i agree , this trucker is an asshole . 
  he did n't have to overreact like that . 
  that does n't excuse what he did . 
  only if he did n't throw a tantrum , smiled and waited like a normal sane person . 
  that family must also depend on him being an asshole . 
  imagine living with this piece of shit . 
   the militant cyclists who are always trying to `` educate '', 
  i never see this here . 
  but there are tons of cyclist hating here . 
  like your comment . 
  you can notice a pattern in these people . 
  they live to prove themselves right . 
  they feed on other people 's mistakes . 
  they engage in avoidable road rage . 
  they rarely understand anything . 
  are you always an asshole to people who do n't immediately get jokes ? 
  it 's the car brand 's fault !, 
  what was that ? 
  i stopped reading after you called me a fuck . 
  that was unnecessary, 
  everything is awesome, 
  in a situation like this it 's best to get out of the car and help . 
  not make the situation worse . 
  i did . 
  there is no negative bubble .
