  i am also enjoying the service . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  or maybe they own those huge black thingies from the last century . 
  i suspect those do n't fit in your regular usb slot . 
  they probably do use itunes store , because it helps with the search results . 
  you seeing an album art of an unavailable album is probably just a side effect . 
  all my music is pirated , that 's what i meant . 
  by the way , why would i ever download anything from icloud ? 
  i still have the original copies . 
  i hope you do n't delete everything that gets uploaded to icloud ? 
  i only upload the music that 's not available , to complete the catalogue . 
  what happens to it after does not interest me . 
  i use the upload service as a way to complete their catalogue , not to store my music . 
  did you move using the phone apps ? 
  dude , you 're a masochist . 
  nooooo , they cans see my porns now . 
  such shame . 
  well thank you very much , i am one of the last remaining people who still download their porn , so it 's all high quality . 
  by the way it 's mostly gay porn , good luck with that . 
  yeah , i 've heard about that . 
  but it is now actually easier to subscribe to apple music and stream most of it legally not having to search for questionable sources , tag it properly , upload/match ... 
  well shit , for a second i thought apple acquired rights to stream 6 million more songs . 
  yeah , sorry but every service would do that . 
  they do n't know if you 're leaving or not . 
  you are right , sometimes the comments get a bit * juicy * . 
  yep , that 's a good one . 
  no , but at least do it on desktop !, 
  i would die if i had to do that on my phone . 
  right now i 'm migrating from spotify and google music . 
  yeah , you just have to be careful about where you store it . 
  once i let my brother use plex to stream game of thrones from my external hdd and guess what , it automatically loaded up all my porn too . 
  not that you can tell the difference but still ... 
  at least we know that apple music does n't limit playlists !, 
  that 's it , i quit . 
  nobody can limit meeeeeeee !, 
  really , how so ? 
  i would expect a bigger screen to offer more comfort . 
  yes , something like 1000 or 10,000 per playlist , there is a limit to how many songs can be offline and your music library is limited as well . 
  yeah , because nazi germany = the worst ever . 
  good example mate . 
  he still has the same choppy flow , but at least the all i think about beat is good . 
  well yeah , all i think about is a great song , but kings never die is just bad ... 
  eminem does n't diss people anymore , it 's most likely just a harmless reference . 
  it is perfectly normal for men to masturbate to people they know personally . 
  this is a regular argument between / r/askmen and / r/askwomen . 
  it 's obvious that men and women have to agree to disagree on this topic . 
  it 's not black and white of course , but if you look in the threads with this topic in these subreddits , you will see it 's mostly true . 
  my parents still do . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  does it even do any matching ? 
  i already had to add some albums that are on itunes store , but it still uploaded every song . 
  i even tagged them properly according to the store ... 
  not my axe . 
  and more importantly - is there a subreddit that does n't irrationally hate this person ? 
  oh hey , it 's a / r/subredditdramadrama day !, 
  wow, 
  not sure if / r/im14andthisisedgy or / s ? 
   she looks kind , sincere , and friendly . 
  yeah , ellen is great . 
   rebellion, 
  you 're funny . 
  it 's full of self-hating fat people . 
  i know right ? 
  just calm down people , it 's just a fucking website . 
  thanks for reminding me to disable my adblocker . 
  i might buy some gold later . 
  lpt : if you whole life is an internet website you have no control over , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  i 'm seriously considering unsubscribing from all the subs that went private . 
  if you want to limit your subscribers for you own gain , you can fuck right off . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i am grateful for every clean subreddit . 
  reddit not being relevant anymore might be the best to happen , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't envy you , being bi must be fucking hard . 
  all those ignorant people with their stupid question . 
  good luck , hopefully , you wo n't meet many hateful people in you life !, 
  as a non native english speaker , what ? 
  are there really ? 
  i thought it was just something to say to ridicule homophobes . 
  how would that work ? 
  try small thin ones , you might join our forces agayn !, 
  quite possibly . 
  i just noticed the trend on / r/askwomen where it 's not a popular opinion . 
  based on my observation of those two subreddits . 
  it 's just what it seems like to me , not saying it 's the ultimate truth . 
  i meant being bi and gay at the same time ? 
  by being bi you already have that gay part bundled in . 
  it varies . 
  sometimes it 's a matter of seconds , but sometimes it just wo n't go out . 
  might as well stay put and wait . 
  i learned about it pretty late , when i was about 15 or so . 
  i still ca n't believe it , too bad ( too good ? ), 
  i 'm never going to witness it . 
  what ? 
  even circlejerk subs are play-protesting ? 
  oh god oh man oh god oh man . 
  well , you can always go on twitter and see what real black people tweet about . 
  oh , you mean you are gay but wish to be bi ? 
  digg changed the way it looked and worked . 
  that is not happening here . 
   acted even slightly gay,
