  is n't it because you thought - shit , now i 'm on camera , i have to drive properly . 
  someone who hates writing about themselves . 
   `` do you not like what i 'm saying asshole ? '', 
  how can you be friendly with someone who says that to a person ? 
  wtf ? 
  you 're so brave . 
  that does n't make your comment valid , troll . 
  thanks for letting us know . 
  ohhhh the fanboys hit you hard with the downvotes lol . 
  i guess if you 're an asshole you like asshole humor . 
  schrodinger 's douchebag, 
  nah , it 's called staged, 
  it 's not funny, 
  it 's ok to be an asshole if you 're joking !, 
  who watches this unfunny assholish mess ? 
  not very well done . 
  if they slow down to 10 under speed limit , they only slowed down by 10 mph . 
  you 're not speeding , are you ? 
  h3h3 in a nutshell . 
  nah , you just ca n't have people use your computer . 
   sometimes frustratingly so, 
  i do n't get this . 
  all the frustrating aspects were removed with 1.05, 
  i really hope so !, 
  i hope it is . 
  only neckbeards play that game anyway . 
  i do n't know about you but i consider my phone and my computer my private space . 
  nothing else syncs with my google account . 
  and of course this does n't indicate if a movie is good or not . 
  lol , how was this removed ? 
  do mods try to suppress discussion about piracy ? 
  they probably just do n't want people to know there are new cracks for denuvo . 
  he gained respect in my eyes . 
  good !, 
  these changes are welcome . 
  [ itt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7fpp2vt5lk ), 
  nah , it 's a car just like any other . 
  jesus fuck i had to mute that . 
  so obnoxious . 
  he 's still right . 
  oh , i guess that if * your * city fined someone for doing it , every city will likely do it . 
  yeah , why do n't they stop filming and put a cone in front of the hole ? 
  good thing andromeda is a great game . 
  they do n't exist . 
  good title . 
  fuck the power-tripping mods . 
  i pay for a streaming service and i still pirate music . 
  stop making excuses . 
  certified circlejerkinum within the first week . 
  needs a parental advisory tag . 
  this is gon na be really meh . 
  i download porn , it does n't show among most visited websites . 
  i see no reason to stream porn , especially on just one website . 
  he 's so lucky you 're allowing him some privacy when he becomes an adult !, 
  i fucking hope so . 
  i am . 
  playboi carti 's tape is fun . 
  rodeo is n't . 
  there are similarities but xxx is definitely cuter . 
  that 's what you get for living in a cardboard house . 
  oh come on , it 's not that bad . 
  you even see it coming . 
  no , i 'm playing it the second time . 
  cammer needs to calm the fuck down . 
  never pass a person who does n't use their signal or who used it for the past 5 minutes . 
  damn , talk about an overreaction ... 
  she 's probably homophobic . 
  only one of them seems angry and swears . 
  misleading thumbnail , it looked like your house burned down . 
  there are only liberals and nazis . 
  it always gets me thinking when i realize that there is no up and down in space , only if we use earth as reference . 
  calm down dude , no need to be that angry . 
  i also watched the video . 
  it 's spelled gipsy danger . 
  it 's spelled gipsy danger . 
  there are some great songs . 
  good life grew on me and gang up is a banger . 
  no problem with that . 
  neither did you , screamo . 
  this is so accurate . 
  now i 'm not sure but i think there was no blur in the movie , but the scenes looked very much like the tilt-shifted photos . 
  hard to say . 
  i ca n't find any relevant screenshots and i do n't want to download the whole movie because of it . 
  yes , it does have my full name , which is why i know it 's legit . 
  but the blue button still leads to a website that is blocked by my adblocker . 
  that 's incredibly fishy and makes paypal untrustworthy in my eyes . 
  black beatles was the biggest surprise for me . 
  we use the dot only here in the czech republic . 
  in writing at least . 
  apple music is paid and has 100,000 songs limit . 
  people do n't do that shit in theaters i go to . 
  you 're the oddity . 
  i 'm so excited and i ca n't hide it . 
  like the ones you care about . 
  fuck you too . 
  it 's rotten fucking tomatoes , nobody cares . 
  they 're no better than say imdb but are glorified as something more . 
  really nice album . 
  big sean makes such chill music . 
  i just told you .
