  i think you 're a bit late with this . 
  even those who were jealous of him when he was younger kinda like his music now . 
  ... because if someone makes this much of an effort to express dislike it shows a certain level of obsession . 
  grammar is hurting now . 
  why are so many people obsessed with op not being able to watch the movie ? 
  calm down . 
  c'mon man just suck it up and do n't let other people 's feelings trigger you yeesh . 
  anything from kairosoft . 
  i have played lots of them and i must say gds is not even my favorite . 
  for me it 's the mega mall story or dungeon village . 
  we just call them . 
  no you would n't . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  i like . 
  it definitely influenced me . 
  i think that if i was n't gay i would be at least casually racist , maybe a bit homophobic , probably transphobic . 
  and i would probably be right wing/libertarian . 
  it helped me to empathize with other minorities and generally see through the bullshit i was fed by others growing up . 
  it made me question everything . 
  every stereotype , every negative attitude towards any group of people . 
  the mentally ill , homeless , racial and sexual minorities , just everyone ... and it made it especially hard now during the migrant crisis . 
  i do n't have many people who are willing to discuss the issue without getting angry . 
  i started tracking all my food and lost weight successfully . 
  hopefully , this trend will continue . 
  it 's the only thing that makes sense in my life right now . 
  yeah , it really is eye opening . 
  it 's not as easy to ` just have a bit of this and a bit of that ' because now i know those ` bits ' can be 1/3 of my daily sugar intake . 
  it 's a great idea until you go through with it because society makes you feel bad about the decision . 
  by `` to go through with it '' i meant attempt it , not necessarily succeed . 
  this is bad news . 
  you ca n't just change such a core functionality when the service is already running . 
  i manage my library expecting a certain behavior from the service . 
  if it changes this makes things very difficult . 
  was my post really that irrelevant you had to downvote it ? 
  the reason why i 'm worried is because i have some bad experiences with apple music and i invested a lot of time in managing my library . 
  i would really love if i did n't have to call support ever again . 
  she gets much more hate than praise . 
  i do n't even hear anyone praise her . 
  not even the trans people . 
  stop spreading this lie . 
  i had the same done to me before a circumcision when i was 17 . 
  i remember waking up paralysed and it was the best feeling ever . 
  i have never felt so comfortable in my life before . 
  i also have some problems with the music i 've uploaded , only happens with the phone app . 
  the music usually plays ( not always ) but when it does it skips and glitches a lot . 
  i still have a music collection , it just is in the cloud now . 
  you should post that to / r/sex . 
  nah it does n't . 
  i used to have the same problem but it was worse for me , because i started learning english after learning german . 
   do n't make your kids do stupid shit because you like it as an adult . 
  let them be kids . 
  exactly . 
  i hated being signed up for shit i never enjoyed . 
  something similar happened to me . 
  i went to my friend 's 18th birthday party and was having a pretty good time , thinking i was actually socializing . 
  then in the middle of the party i was told by another friend of his '' ... yeah , you do n't seem like someone who socializes often . '', 
  ( it was after some previous conversation that i do n't remember anymore ) . 
  i always think of his comment when i 'm trying to socialize and it always sets me back a bit because it makes me think that any effort is worthless - they can see i 'm faking it anyway so what 's the point ? 
  she probably sends this exact same message regularly to people who she feels sorry for . 
  i completely agree . 
  it does n't even matter and they have a problem with it ? 
  fuck them . 
  it 's an extra thing that is n't necessary , so yeah it 's dumb . 
  you do n't count as a human being for the whole 9 months . 
  it was the fact that the guy never met me before that made me think about it . 
  i 'd give you 7/10 . 
  you kinda look like a mix of josh hutcherson and nathan fillion . 
  my car is like that - there is this certain speed that just does n't make it happy in neither the first or the second gear . 
  i just usually end up feathering the clutch , there 's just no other way to make the car move in a non-jerky way . 
  and all the responses confirm that users of this subreddit are music elitists . 
  nice !, 
  gather around people , this person 's opinion on music is the ultimate truth !, 
  let 's hear it !, 
  thank you for confirming you 're the ultimate music connoisseur !, 
  it took you longer to google that than it took me to find the word connoisseur . 
  lol , this thing again, 
  it does but hey , you 're the top comment . 
  ah , now we blame the shoes . 
  wtf are they supposed to do ? 
  check with every driver if their mom is n't dying ? 
  you tell it like a funny story but it 's just a sad story about treating someone else 's property like shit . 
  yes , i remember seeing this as a video downvoted to hell because someone found out . 
  i doubt the people handing out the tickets can influence that . 
  they are just * fine * . 
  i watch their videos regularly and the dislikes are almost gone and they did n't lose many subscribers either . 
  that 's not true . 
  you 're making this up . 
  you know nothing about the people who unsubscribed . 
  lol , they still have one of the largest channels on yt, 
  some children overreacted to finebros ' plans and it resulted in a minor loss of subscribers and some fake dislikes . 
  you know , it is called a laptop but you 're not actually supposed to put it on your lap ... 
  i always have a crush on someone from the dragon age series , usually the elves :p zevran and fenris are fucking gorgeous . 
  you can imagine my disappointment when they did n't let me romance krem ... 
  fear of rejection . 
  fear of being ridiculed . 
  both absolutely rational fears . 
  i hate cooking . 
  if a meal takes 10 minutes to prepare , i might have it twice a month . 
  if it takes 5 minutes i might have it once a week . 
  i usually eat stuff that requires no preparation .
