  the newer movies are more entertaining . 
  i 'm right , cry you want . 
  i always run to the dating sites first . 
  look at the top posts !, 
  they are all blaming the innocent truck driver !, 
  the outrage !, 
  i do and i tend to watch rpm 's very often . 
  i actually do n't like when they drop below 2000 because then the engine sounds like it 's choking but that 's probably just me though . 
  i like to keep them at around 2500 . 
  can you please explain a little more ? 
  i was more talking about a situation when i 'm already going very slowly ( between 1st and 2nd gear ) - there 's not much room for downshifting there . 
  true , but sometimes you 're forced to drive at that uncomfortable speed where the 1st gear is too low and 2nd too high . 
  that 's when i press the clutch . 
  i do n't want to drive at 3000 + rpm 's in 1st gear but the same applies to rpm 's below 1500 for 2nd gear . 
  right , i guess i just have to try to get used to the lower rpm 's . 
  alright , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  well it 's maybe not really choking but me not liking the sound of my car 's engine sound at low rpm 's . 
  i had it actually checked at my leasing company so that should n't be a problem . 
  no , but the engine gets very loud at that point . 
  it 's \u0160koda fabia htp 2011 , but it may be just my feeling , not an actual problem with the engine . 
  well i 'm lucky in that regard since the game is not available in my country none of my friends play it . 
  it lacks too many features . 
  i wonder where the downvote brigade came from . 
  does spotify pay so well ? 
  i 'm interested !, 
  damn you 're ignorant . 
  i have used spotify for years and apple music since launch . 
  i know damn well all the features and spotify is missing a lot of them . 
  it does n't let me upload music that is missing . 
  there is a limit on music you can have in your collection . 
  those two are dealbreakers for me . 
  i would go back in a heartbeat if this changed . 
  see my other reply . 
  that 's not the same feature . 
  with apple music you can upload the music to the cloud and it is all and always available . 
  you can also exit id3 tags of all music . 
  no i did n't mean that . 
  that is syncing . 
  a completely different feature . 
  i was talking about uploading music to the cloud and having it available forever without any need for syncing . 
  the limit is 10,000 songs you can save . 
  i have almost 20k songs on apple music . 
  i just search spotify because there are tons of user created playlists . 
   spotify removed their functional forum and replaced it with a bare bones forum . 
  oh my god , what the actual fuck ? 
  it was one of the most useful forums any service ever had and they replace it with this ? 
  god damn ... 
  this cancer is all over reddit . 
  it 's even worse than straight porn !, 
  i make sure to downvote any attempt to shove it down my throat . 
  i do . 
  if the guy 's cute i do n't care who he 's fucking . 
  awkward mfm threesomes are also great . 
  i think that 's the problem with direct democracy . 
  the majority should not be allowed to decide major decisions at all . 
  it should end with voting for local offices . 
  the biker is not that bad . 
  i hate it because they do n't maintain safe distance between themselves and the cars . 
  lane splitting should be called an attempt at a sideswipe . 
  when two assholes meet ... 
  aaaand here we go . 
  suddenly the cammer is at fault because he broke the precious rule of not hogging the left lane . 
  poor speeder !, 
  cammer totally deserved that !!!!, 
  only the person who brake checked them is at fault . 
  in this video it is super obvious . 
  the way he sits behind those cars ? 
  like he is annoyed they do n't make room for his royal ass ? 
  he almost squeezes through !, 
  yeah , let 's shit on people you irrationally hate . 
  you do n't have to be glued to the bumper of the car in front of you . 
  if the biker is so keen on filtering he should 've gone around the car . 
  him sitting there is not a problem . 
  i never said that . 
  i only pointed out he is acting like a spoiled princess who owns the road . 
  common courtesy ? 
  not risking sideswiping the car just because he is impatient . 
  that 's all the biker is - impatient . 
  if he waited in line just like everybody else there would be no issue . 
  by driving a bike he is agreeing to the risk of being rear-ended . 
  that is a known danger . 
  he has no right to prevent it by risking sideswiping other cars . 
  oh i see what you 're doing . 
  bringing up rape in a discussion about filtering ? 
  are you trying to be emotional here ? 
  lol, 
  ok , i 'll stoop down on your level . 
  you 're saying that raping a girl is ok when a biker does it ? 
  if that sentence does n't make sense to you , congrats . 
  you just witnessed your reasoning in its full beauty . 
  also , just because something is legal does n't mean it 's right . 
  here is an example for you since you are so keen on rape - it was legal not a long time ago to rape your own wife . 
  sounds great huh ? 
  you sicko . 
   lol you 're reading into things too much . 
  rape victims are simply the most common example of victim blaming , and that 's what you 're doing . 
  ah , you 're trying to lie your way out of your rape fantasies ? 
   lol whatever dude , keep on rapin ' if that 's your thing . 
  i was n't victim blaming anyone . 
  the biker is not the victim here .
