  it looks like typical twitter responses . 
  i heard of this before - parents let their children use their tablets and they just mash everything meaninglessly which results in these random comments . 
  there 's at least one horse sized dick in that picture . 
   what 's the point of spending hundreds of dollars if i can only enjoy it alone ? 
  some of us prefer it what way . 
  see , i did n't even know that and i only play singleplayer . 
  never had a problem . 
  yeah , what the hell op . 
  i 'm feeling a very strong cognitive dissonance here and rather choose to ignore what he just said . 
  honking would make the cammer an asshole . 
  when someone is going that fast towards you that is very close to death . 
  how are the trees not moving ? 
  [ english vinglish ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2181931/ ) . 
  [ english vinglish ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2181931/ ), 
  ideal for discussion . 
  french comedy [ le chef ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1911553/ ) ( or whatever the english name is ) is great . 
  so it 's ok if it 's in a picture but not as a comment ? 
  all he had to do to make your happy is take a screenshot of his comment , delete the text and replace it with a picture ? 
  fuck anyone who hates the kardashians . 
  they 're perfect in every way . 
  yep , even the truckers do that . 
  i do n't . 
  pride , the help , almost fast & furious 7 . 
  there were others but i do n't remember which ones . 
  yeah , some people do n't understand not everyone was alive long enough to see every important movie ever made . 
   20 year old movies . 
  still spoilers no matter how old the movie is . 
  no need to point that out . 
  how about you try your own advice ? 
  honestly , no . 
  lol, 
  opinion . 
  has different opinion ? 
  must be trolling . 
  it 's still one of my favourites . 
  i wonder why there are so many cringey people who find it cringey . 
  musically , 90 % of his music is uninteresting to me . 
   i ca n't even believe i had to explain this to you . 
  i 'm embarrassed for you . 
  your response was so ignorant as to raise questions about your capacity . 
  [ this is what you sound like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3gphv5y.jpg ) and probably are like in real life . 
  your snobby way of explaining your * opinion * achieved nothing but made you sound that way . 
  no , just because lots of people like you does n't make you a better musician . 
  in your own words , there is zero debate to be had . 
  fuck you , you cult leading piece of religious propaganda . 
  you need to get locked up . 
  english is my second language and writing it with an e seems better because that 's what you pronounce . 
  yeah , liking it means you think the book is good . 
  exactly , just because lots of people think it sucks does n't mean it is n't good . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  the part that says ` mellow ' is otherwise pronounced with an e when it 's a standalone word . 
  i do n't know if this is caused by my language pronouncing letters differently , but the way you say the letter ` e ' in the word ` mellow ' is how you pronounce it in my language , maybe it 's different for english ? 
  if someone has to restrain themselves , it 's because they tend to physically attack people . 
  i never said i spell it that way , only that it seems better . 
  i might start doing so just because you sound so preachy . 
  it 's not that easy attacking someone with a face instead of someone with just a nonsensical nickname . 
  true , facebook comments prove that . 
  some people do n't mind their comment is signed with their photo , name and sometimes even an address and workplace . 
  it 's not a real threat . 
  people running from war will not make our lives more miserable no matter what some xenophobic fucks say . 
  they will not stone gays , they will not cause rape epidemics or take our jobs and abuse the benefits system at the same time . 
  fuck anyone who lost the last bit of sympathy in the name of nationalism . 
  george bush does n't care about black people . 
  yep . 
  white supremacists are are the biggest threat in the western world . 
  exactly . 
  the absolute lack of empathy will have it 's effects . 
  there are none except far-right nut jobs ' websites . 
  basic human fucking decency . 
  you get his frustration but you would n't honk like him , right ? 
  i hope more and more websites like this will keep appearing . 
  i 'm 20 , i came out 1.5 years ago . 
  there was another unrelated event that made me go `` fuck it , let 's do this . '', 
  dad did n't react , mom said she 's ok with that , brother was surprised . 
  brother brought it up again once , but my parents never talked to me about it . 
  it was just kinda awkward . 
  now i think they forgot about it . 
  i also wrote it on facebook . 
  several of my classmates asked me about it and i confirmed it , they said it 's fine . 
  most probably thought i was joking , idk . 
  most people in my life now do n't know , i just feel there is never a good opportunity to bring it up and not sound like it 's all i care about . 
  what sucks the most about it is that i do n't know any gay people so i have no one to talk about it . 
  it 's not your job to chase them ... 
  so basically you just reasonably responded to a situation . 
  or just not being a cunt yourself . 
  or just do n't enable the road rager ? 
  nah , not fun , right ? 
  or just is n't a cunt . 
  and then you would rape them and kill their children . 
  when two pricks meet . 
  because you speed often . 
  sitting behind the wheel though . 
  no they did n't , you just did n't read past the headline . 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a functionality . 
  when you add a song to a playlist , it is automatically added to your library as well . 
  it 's not going away since they intended to have it this way . 
  you know exactly which one of those it is . 
  the first one you mentioned . 
  that 's the misleading one . 
  the comment i originally respond to is something you would say to misinform , which you did .
