  i 'll consider it , it seems that the pw3 is pretty cheap . 
  it 's all nice if you 're good with words but when it comes to real life situations all advice crumbles . 
  you know how people say it only takes one hot stove for the child to realize that you 're not supposed to touch that ? 
  it works the same here . 
  eventually there will be no one willing to date a 3rd degree burn victim . 
  everyone can see it . 
  the eminem show . 
  it was an illegal copy given to me by a guy who did n't even listen to hip hop . 
  this was when i still did n't know how to download stuff from the internet . 
  people who did were my only source of music . 
  yes . 
  filtering through moving traffic is such a bad idea . 
  there 's no karma . 
  op is the clown supporter , he basically begs us to not take him seriously . 
  there 's a porn site that has stuff that is hard to find elsewhere . 
  yeah , his point is definitely to completely hide it, 
  chuckle at whoever you want if you think that makes sense, 
  i see attractive women the same way i see conventionally attractive guys i 'm not into . 
  ( aesthetically pleasing , as some described it , is also accurate ), 
  i did n't know they were popular . 
  i discovered like two of them on spotify some time ago and liked them . 
  it seems like everything i discover gets so much hate . 
  first edm trap , now this ? 
  i just want to listen to music i like . 
  shoot to kill deadly force, 
  jesus fucking chris , is there really no sane republican candidate left ? 
  i thought trump was the second worst . 
  i guess he 's the third . 
  oh man thank you for this !, 
  this was driving me crazy . 
  no , anybody should have a right to die without other people bothering them , not just the terminally ill . 
  i did n't know starships was hated , i love that song . 
  stupid hoe and anaconda seemed to get the most hate and i love them both . 
  also rebecca black 's friday . 
  i love born to die - the paradise edition but i do n't really enjoy the other albums . 
  it seems that i feel about them the same way some feel about the first one . 
  jlo is interesting to me because there are only a few songs of hers i listen to but i absolutely love them . 
  mostly it 's papi and aka . 
  i did n't like unapologetic after the first few listens but it grew on me and now i love it just as any other album of hers . 
  except for her debut album and the recent one . 
  i just ca n't get into them . 
  recess is awesome . 
  maybe it 's because i have n't overplayed it as much is his earlier stuff but i still go back to the album and enjoy it every time . 
  critics are people with opinions who spend more time listening to music than the average listener . 
  that 's why their opinions matter a bit more but they are still opinions . 
  i know it 's not exactly pop but i really recommend the rosanne cash album the river & the thread . 
  i absolutely love it but do n't know anyone else . 
  she does n't seem to be popular on reddit . 
  it 's so loving and calming . 
  hey , i also listened to madonna 's fist album !, 
  it was the first time for me and i like it more and more with each listen . 
  damn , i 've been trying to get into his music lately but i just ca n't force myself to enjoy it . 
  it 's so boring to me . 
  i hope it grows on me a little in the future . 
  as someone who rarely pay attention to the lyrics , it 's just catchy . 
   he 's a 30 year old guy rapping lines for 14 year old kids . 
  i guess every kids ' show should be done by kids then . 
  yes there is , this was an easily avoidable accident by the cammer . 
  another accident that was completely preventable by the cammer . 
  you mean playing the cop and endangering others ? 
  it 's one of my favorite shows , i remember binge watching it on a summer break . 
  i want to say it 's a top 5 for me but i still have n't seen the wire . 
  either the lukas graham album or more issues than vogue . 
  it 's weird , i thought there were lots of albums this year already but it seems it 's all from 2015 . 
  what i do n't understand is why so many people love the rihanna album . 
  i love them all except for her debut but this one is just so boring . 
  you 've got a car man and that 's all that matters . 
  especially if you bought it yourself , that 's great . 
  it 's great , i watched the whole season over a weekend . 
  no regrets . 
  huh , i was thinking of getting into this . 
  so you 're saying it 's not worth it ? 
  that 's a great excuse . 
  [ do you feel the same way about this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zexk8znkfes ) i guess you have to since this is the way you think . 
  ah , you 're one of those who think that discussion on the internet = anger . 
  sorry , i forgot it 's forbidden to have a discussion here . 
  i will not participate in the family vacation this year , which means no vacation for me . 
   then i bought my own fucking sponge and kept it in my desk drawer in my bedroom . 
  i do this with every thing . 
  ca n't trust these motherfuckers . 
  my parents just wo n't stop arguing . 
  and they want to organize the day for everyone . 
  last year it was really bad and i do n't want to relive it again . 
  i wish i was a little kid again , life was so much easier and simpler . 
  we 're all very happy for you . 
  i lost 33 pounds since december and hope that i will be able to have this trend continue until i 'm happy with my weight . 
  how will it affect me as a gay man ? 
  i might actually consider dating as an option . 
  when i was looking for tutorials for this game on youtube the best one was done by a kid ... so i think this is a good suggestion . 
  probably famous . 
  i tried but this is so hard . 
  i ca n't put them in any order because every album is a number one in it 's own way . 
  i do n't get why people on this sub downvote everyone who has a question . 
  it 's so idiotic . 
  it was always abuse . 
  ... he would not be able to come back to britain . 
   that 's parenting, 
  no , that 's abuse . 
   and it 's still used widely around the world,
