  aww are n't you cute using that word that makes you sound simple :3, 
  impractical because when moving you have to physically move them , they are often too big , hard to hold , overall difficult to deal with . 
  heavy because you can only fit so many words in a book until you ca n't hold it with one hand anymore . 
  smelly because they 're dependable on a physical material that goes bad with time . 
  damageable because when you rip a page or spill coffee on it , you have the rip and the stain forever . 
  the reason why that happens is because you tend to be less careful around books than electronic devices . 
  i 'm really happy for you , sadly that is not the norm in the bookstores i frequent . 
  yep . 
  i 'm really tired of the comments on posts about reddit apps . 
  you 're basically guaranteed that every single one will be mentioned in a varying order . 
  you 're not going to convince anyone , people !, 
  everybody already found their favorite app . 
  i do n't think those are features an average rif user wants . 
  we like it because of the simplicity and straightforwardness . 
  i prefer seriesguide because it syncs with trakt.tv, 
  czech republic . 
  avoid it like a plague . 
  unfriendly people , ugly capital and kremlin-controlled president . 
  nothing to see here . 
  pc is a myth you feed on . 
  not a pop song but still a feature by rihanna - when she sings in famous `` i loved you better than your own kin did '' what i actually hear is `` i loved you better than your own candy '' . 
  i do n't know about you but i do n't keep my books on my kindle , only the books i 'm currently reading . 
  i 've never dropped my kindle , but some books got damaged over time . 
  it 's because ( as i said ) we tend to be more careful when handling electronic devices . 
  also your argument, 
   saying you ca n't damage an ebook is the same as saying you ca n't damage the `` information '' held by that book . 
  is ridiculous because you do n't * have * the information of the book , you own one copy of it . 
  with an ebook you own the information that can be backed up . 
   then that means you need yet another piece of expensive technology in order to confidently have access to your books . 
  you also need a shelf to hold your books , you do n't have them under your bed . 
  i do n't buy books from my kindle , i buy them on my computer and and they 're stored on my external hdd , along with all other digital media i own . 
  also , i never dropped the kindle * because * of how light and easy to handle it is . 
  it is not even comparable to books . 
  and with the last sentence you 're just attacking me , you do n't even have any argument to present . 
  you 're just angry that i 'm right . 
  just accept it , ebooks are superior and paper books are gon na die . 
  all i need is my phone and i have everything there . 
  you need a car to just move your book collection . 
  also it does n't matter that electronics are fragile because i can * backup * the books so they last forever . 
  if we ever get to a point where electronics are not being made i seriously doubt anyone will bother printing books either . 
  and there is no way to not have a way to power my hdd , there literally is no chance of that happening . 
  also if i feared it was possible i could back up the books to the cloud and have them available from anywhere . 
  if there was a catastrophe of such magnitude that would make me accessing my hdd impossible i very much doubt i would be reading books . 
  please provide an example . 
  all i can think about is a tornado destroying my house . 
  provide an example . 
  interesting how you 're trying to explain yourself * after * you 've been called out by multiple people . 
  your first response to my comment was to use the term `` pc '' which is usually used by a certain group of people . 
  first of all , please do n't downvote me just because you disagree . 
  second , political correctness is a myth spread by people who think their rights are being violated by minorities getting equal rights and protections from hate speech . 
  from the way you reply to me i believe you 're one of those people . 
  my kindle lasts for weeks so you can definitely read without power . 
  but i think you probably wo n't be reading , will you ? 
  all the technical problems you mention are so rare and so improbable that i could compare them to your books catching on fire . 
  it can happen , sure , but i 'm certain my hdd and google 's servers are not going to burn overnight . 
  all the natural disasters affect books the same way they do electronics so i do n't know why you mention that the way you do . 
  none of what you say negates the fact that ebooks are more practical , with proper care ( backup ) can not be destroyed or lost and will stay the same quality forever . 
  also funny that `` fag enabler '' was n't able to produce a response himself . 
  i wish i * knew * any gay guys . 
  where the hell are you fellow cocksuckers ? 
   good luck waiting for paper to stop being made because its not going to happen . 
  my bad , i understood this sentence as actual paper not being made . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  fucking gifs take forever to load . 
  i would love to do what you do but reading the same story i just saw in a movie would be suffering for me . 
  i only watched it because i had ( have ) a crush on the lead actor . 
  how can be the ac on if the keys are n't in the ignition ? 
  my dad 's german colleague does this often . 
  i do n't speak german . 
  awkward as fuck every time . 
  i always find it too difficult to browse torrent porn sites because to see some screens from the video you have to open each one separately and then there is that monstrous collage of tiny images that do n't tell you anything . 
  i prefer sites that show you 2-3 properly big screens for each video and do n't force you to click for every video . 
  i am going to do that . 
  just go through them , copy the few files i actually value and then give or throw it away . 
  i forgot to mention that most of the movies have czech dubbing ( i 'm czech ) and since i only watch movies with original sound now i literally have no use for them . 
  because the people harassing her ingame are still immature . 
  paint has literally all the functionality i need for that and i 've been using it since forever so i know exactly what to expect from the program . 
  why change that ? 
  you have to know under which names to search the parts , in paint you just draw them exactly as you want them . 
  that 's ... wise . 
  i do n't want to get in trouble for distributing pirated content , though . 
  if the rest of the season leaked i would watch it but one episode a day before it airs ? 
  not worth it . 
  there is going to be one but maybe only after the show finishes . 
  this is what i fear when considering a potential relationship . 
  i do n't want to be with someone who acts this way and i am also not sure if there is any chance it might be me too . 
  it definitely impacts my daily life , especially due to the fact i 'm still a student . 
  it takes me longer to understand simple concepts so i 'm usually behind the rest of the class and after some time it starts piling up and the results vary from hard time with exams to failing a semester . 
  it affects the way i enjoy movies - i have a hard time following plots , remembering characters ' names and understanding the message . 
  when listening to music i need to read the lyrics to understand and still most lyrics do n't make sense to me . 
  i often embarrass myself with dumb questions , weird behaviour patterns and overall awkwardness . 
  i wonder , is there any way to measure intelligence ? 
  are there some legitimate iq tests done by professionals or something like that ? 
  no , i still struggle with it . 
  a lot of people say that we should not care what others think but that is just impossible for me . 
  i tried . 
  i can not change the way i feel . 
  this is what you get when people hate you and the refugees . 
  quality of a 6 + year old dvdrip of 700mb . 
  this song so so god damn good .
