  how does the song look in a playlist ? 
  does it happen in the phone app or the web interface ? 
  i 'm asking because i have noticed several whole albums that just are n't in my library anymore and they were there . 
  now i ca n't search for them or find them in my library . 
  for me some of the songs just disappeared from playlists too - i know that because i have identical playlists in spotify . 
  ah , you 're right , i was looking at the wrong lights . 
  still , he should n't have entered that intersection . 
  yellow basically means ` proceed with caution ' and ` prepare to stop ' so it 's the cammer 's fault . 
  why is it though ? 
  ` polak ' is just a word for a polish person in polish . 
  it 's even a legit word in my language ( czech ) , better not use it around american poles i guess !, 
  judging by the downvotes you 've offended some people . 
  that 's not a good example because this is not the same exact word . 
  sure . 
  sounds like a lawnmower in the process of actually mowing the lawn . 
  and it does n't make us ignorant . 
  that 's what a car version of a slap across the face looks like . 
  this is what happens to me on desktop :, 
  let 's say i added a song to a playlist which added it to my music as well . 
  later i listen to the whole album and like it , so i click on the ` show the whole album ' button and then ` add all ' . 
  the problem is , it duplicates every song that already was saved in my library . 
  so the correct way is to click on ` add ' next to individual songs , then there are no duplicates . 
  yep . 
  what i did was to create the same playlists in spotify which shows the unavailable songs . 
  unfortunately . 
  yep , and it makes recreating playlists from other services complicated , because if you just want to recreate a playlist from spotify to share it but do n't want all the songs in you library , you just ca n't do it . 
  that minivan basically stopped in the road blocking both lanes ... 
  what did the commenter you responded to said before you bullied him into deleting his comment ? 
  is that a competition about who stops further into the intersection ? 
  yes , and you can edit the id3 tags . 
  no , it 's part of the apple music subscription . 
  probably just did n't give a fuck . 
  they are n't enforcing it , those are your words . 
  they just do n't feel like breaking the law . 
  good to know . 
  when i muted the video it became watchable . 
  this was so satisfying to watch . 
  you can tell something 's wrong with him already when he overtakes at an intersection . 
  perfectly reasonable . 
  not legal but reasonable . 
  like it would make a difference . 
  that 's not a valid reason for speeding . 
  you must have lots of friends . 
  i know right ? 
  i make sure to always reply to them . 
  waiting for yours . 
  if the bump does n't damage your car when you 're not speeding i have no problem with this . 
  no , he just did n't want the car to overtake and positioned himself in a way dangerous to everyone involved . 
  exactly . 
  yep . 
  i agree . 
  / r/shitprotectandservesays, 
  in a city ? 
  not worth the fine and points . 
  no , you do n't run a red light to play police officer . 
  yep , noticed this too . 
  people who disagree with me are always trolls . 
  stop enabling him then ? 
  do n't worry they all are . 
  if reddit lets me reply it 's not too late . 
  that 's why relying on lane splitting is such a good idea , especially at that speed . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  no , by traveling at the posted speed limit they are doing exactly that : traveling at the posted speed limit . 
  nothing more . 
   yeah i get you do n't like spiders but go get a napkin and take care of it, 
  that 's exactly what he 's talking about . 
  why should fear of spiders ( i know you did n't mean literally fear of spiders ) be something to brush off ? 
  so everything is stupid , you 're not allowed to whine , man up . 
  its 's too chaotic for me , also the humor is not for everyone . 
  yours is so much better . 
  how about do n't speed and enforce laws by making people move over ? 
  what happened to finn 's voice actor ? 
  puberty ? 
  i 'm at season 2 and he sounds completely different . 
  oh man , i like his voice . 
   right turn on red, 
  we do n't need that , where it makes sense there is an arrow . 
  just because it looks within control to you does n't mean it is for others . 
  because there are tons of songs they do n't have rights for to stream . 
  ah , the myth of political correctness strikes again . 
  this is interesting , when they taught us about emergency numbers , first aid , etc at school ( czech republic ) they always said say your name and phone number after you describe the emergency . 
  it 's in order to contact you later if they need more information . 
  that 's not a problem of the ui , it 's a licensing issue . 
  and it seems like you never even used apple music - it 's identical to itunes store . 
  the store still exists because people still want to buy music and own it . 
  you do n't own streamed music . 
  i actually discovered lots of songs dashcammers listen to . 
  mostly just from [ halo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/channel/ucrzymupdiolcg-y5mzj-vyg ) though . 
  he 's special . 
  so you have no problem with enforcing the law ? 
  people who drive in the left lane at the limit speed are no problem to you i hope . 
  yep . 
  that 's why i sorted all the channels in my browser bookmarks with links going straight to the video list . 
  rosanne cash - the river & the thread . 
  i love every song on that album . 
  what ? 
  that 's weird . 
  i 'll just upload the song i bought ^ ^ ^ ^ stole i guess . 
  some people think we live in a time when society suffers from so-called ` political correctness ' which is just a term assholes use when someone calls them out on their bullshit . 
  i have n't used the phone app , waiting for the android version .
