  how strong is the butthurt between those countries ? 
  i always smile at articles like this . 
  pis is a shitty goverment but mostly western perception that their standpoint is always the proper one is just silly . 
  especially now when refugee crisis we warned about kills people in western europe . 
  polish democracy is unharmed and working properly . 
  rule of law on the other hand is faulty due to constitutional tribunal shitstorm . 
  pis had a majority votes and if you dont accept it , it means your view on democracy lacks something . 
  accept a democratic choice . 
  i feel that slow growth of other economies like chineese one along with growing amount of muslims in the west might be very tough for some europeans who are so full of themselves, 
  i am always happy to see those articles , they prove there is a bigger butthurt than our for russia . 
  did you really ? 
  you are reddit user after all . 
  it was very unfortunate what she said about crimea . 
  france , after brexit was supposed to be the biggest eu army , we really hoped for more stability from them . 
  europe has already too many problems . 
  what year is it , again ? 
   the european republic is a eutopia they got utopia right, 
  some could say germans were really jewed on hitler 's work . 
  i am sorry i know it was inappropriate , i will delete this comment when the shame hits me, 
  it is about time to leave the ship, 
  i am a big atlantis supporter, 
  my money is on the former ( btw anyone from anglo country here , is what i said above grammatically correct ? ), 
  do we know each other ? 
  but is this the one they deserve ? 
  how come ? 
  stupidity is strong in this one . 
  this is a common feel about hungary in western slavic countries . 
  and after seeing lithuania i am not even upset about opinion regarding us . 
  according to the internet it is , do you really think someone would lie on the internet ? 
  depends , what they were fighting for ? 
  if plunger for example , poles could have gone rough on them . 
  brits have chavs , we have them . 
  as far as i know . 
  tl ; dr some polish guy threw a firework into this kebab place at new year 's eve . 
  4 guys ( some of them of middle eastern origins ) went out and a fight begun , resulting in thrower 's death ( he was stabbed ) . 
  stabbers were arrested . 
  in here our tracksuit community likes to defend their own no matter what so they started to demolish the place , which resulted in police intevenence . 
  i saw somewhere headline saying they clashed with the police , dont know if this is the truth yet . 
  i recommed you to check out the name of this ... restaurant , this is the only funny thing about this story . 
  ** edit : ** few most aggresive protesters were also detained by the police . 
  add some translation otherwise it will get deleted . 
  respect . 
   national unity +5 % -1 / year, 
   that 's only murders , and anyhow the majority of crimes committed by those people go unreported so official statistics are underestimated . 
  they were before 2007 , too . 
  you dont share any sources on this . 
   i still remember the childish understanding of it all that i had , we were rich , they were poor i am like in my 20s and this basically sums the situation up . 
  plus more redistribution, 
  razem is irrelevant ( 2-3 % support ) party which supports the closest to commie redistribution of wealth taking every party we have , no wonder paying for private property of once aristocratic family makes them upset , even tho our gov paid 0,12 % of what the collection was really worth . 
  politician 's immunity, 
  people who are responsible should be put in jail , what is other to think ? 
   slavs  white, 
  why is that ? 
  ( i am not sure if it was an irony ), 
  if this information is true i am shocked that after all this time countries with this mindset exist in europe . 
  such is life in polan, 
  muh nazi argument , so if someone asks if i am a slav ( which is inferior race to nazis ) can i claim for damages ? 
  lovely christmas gesture . 
   hopefully pis will implode earlier [ well ] ( http://combiboilersleeds.com/image.php?pic=/images/doubt/doubt-6.jpg ), 
  [ this meme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_next_100_years ), 
  every time you invest in eastern poland your toilet unclogs itself, 
  when will this meme die, 
   proto-fascist xd like evertime somone left wing lacks arguments she/he tries to cover it up with buzzwords . 
  one could only wish : ' (, 
  arent we all a bit ? 
   he doesnt believe in real life memes what year is this again ? 
  but i am all for maitaining current state of laws , it is their job to talk with press as said above , i am just presenting other side of the dicussion, 
  noone is saying otherwise , remeber he just lost truck and a driver , i only translated what he said, 
  you really ca n't stand objectivism , do n't you ? 
  i presented both sides of the conflict and stated my personal beliefs . 
  you do really buy opposition stuff that much that you are afraid to check out what other side of a conflict has to say ? 
  they have it regulated , afaik we do n't . 
  like there are recticed places from where press can film, 
  it already came , 
  owner of the company is upset , seems to be blaming german controllers for not unloading the truck before . 
  i 'll translate it , but it isnt anything new people here wouldnt know about . 
  just a guy shifting the blame for his truck . 
  https://twitter.com/sycylia6_/status/810988801946451969 company owner said : `` i talked with him aroud afternoon . 
  he said germans wo n't allow him to unload the truck . 
  this is a thing about shipment to germany , bit of good will was enough and nothing bad - i presume - wouldnt happen to my car , my driver and those all people , poor people who died there . 
  but germans with their attitude to poles did n't want to unload it and made him wait untill 8 o'clock , then those people came hijacked the car , did what they did with my driver and went to market do their thing there . 
  this is the only comment i can make right now . '', 
   terrorism is , in its broadest sense , the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence ( terror or fear ) in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . 
  what was his ideological aim ? 
  what a shitty thing to say, 
  we did not have terrorist attacks after 1939 here . 
  murders even nasty ones arent terrorism by definition . 
  inb4 hurr durr right wingers it has nothing to do with being right or left wing . 
  pis proposed legislation which is similar to french , american and german . 
  right now any reporter can enter polish parliment and harass politicans before bathroom door by questioning them about anyting ( including those gossip newspaper ones ) . 
  reporters have huge access to sejm here . 
  i personally supported protesters , limitation of press in public institutions should be minimal , but acting like it was a rebelion somehow is just silly . 
  we like to protest about things ( we protested last month about abortion law and the same day others counterprotested against those protests ) , this is what we do - especially when it comes to freedom of speech and public institutions . 
  anyway , i am happy our gov dropped this idea . 
  dont say anything , just [ invest ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/81/why_didn't_you_invest_in_eastern_poland_advertisement.jpg/280px-why_didn't_you_invest_in_eastern_poland_advertisement.jpg ), 
  i just opened r/europe , looked at the title and * sigh * we need to end this meme some day, 
  for this your shitter will be cloggerd for eternity , dont bother calling polish plumber, 
  let 's not jump into conclusions here . 
   they 'd care to keep him alive after capturing the truck we dont even know if it was captured edit  correction : truck ( not dead passenger ) in berlin market incident was polish , nationality of suspected driver is unclear http://live.reuters.com/event/truck_plows_into_berlin_christmas_market_2, 
  not cool , this way you can start infitite chain of screaming in certain area .
