  nope , people from places where islam is one of the main factors influencing culture have higher chances to conmit terrorist attacks in europe . 
  i dont have medical degree but what tou suggesting might be true , society and beliefs might have an influence on mental ilnesses . 
   the main reason for the vote is the way that travellers from some eu countries are treated by america . 
  while most citizens of eu countries can travel to the united states without a visa , those from bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , poland and romania must still obtain one . 
  because the eu demands equal treatment of all its citizens in such matters , it says it is legally obliged to fight back . 
  trump has promised visa free travel at least for us , he just needs to fulfil his promise . 
  so it might be just a reminder for him . 
  implementaton of this idea requires approval of all countries , meaning it wo n't be a thing in this decade . 
  but again the timing of this idea is interesting . 
  of course they are ... 
  i would understand american now knowing that but european ... come on [ australia ] ( http://new1.fjcdn.com/comments/this+austria+australia+confusion+just+won+t+die+_bf0e8a9b4a9122276de22f0a47cb76cc.png ) [ austria ] ( https://neverpureandrarelysimple.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/1822_4594_500.jpeg ), 
  the problem is kaczy\u0144ski is not responsible for anything he does . 
  he might not be crazy , he might even have an idea what is happening but he can do whatever he wants . 
  so it begun , the greatest shitstorm of our time . 
  i am so ashamed right now . 
  i know we did not have the best gov , but this is just going full retard mode . 
  one should never go full retard . 
  it 's true and berlin is controlld by reptilians , the real question is who controls them, 
  indeed it is . 
  thank you guys !, 
  i am so sorry , they went full retard this time . 
  one should never go full retard, 
   myspace it must be very old then, 
  before us united they had a civil war , there ups and downs , but if france and germany stay on the right track , everything will be ok . 
  the issue here is mostly the refugee crisis , but syrian war ca n't last forever . 
  eu is preparing ammo for article 50 i see, 
  and this is an achievement how, 
   and polish conservatives sure every conservative is pis follower and hates owsiak, 
  leibnitz biscuits were reported by some news a while back , they had palm oil in poland and butter in germany, 
  possibly . 
  one thing is people here might not be ready for the increase of food prices , but another is that we often pay the same price for lower quality products which is funny because we are a pretty big food producer so the transportation costs are frequently lower, 
  bro you are in serious need of lifting . 
  african tier country, 
  i think you might have mixed countries . 
  you handed poland to soviet union with no marshall plan or any other help in 40s . 
  here in poland if you want to break the ice you start with a smalltalk and few jokes , but i have heard in finland it might be problematic sometimes . 
  the real question is , are we stronk yet ? 
  this , also people who tent to criticise china forget that current goverment and their ` capitalistic ' reforms resulted in milion of chineese living finally ( maybe for the first time ) in proper conditions and tens of milions not dying from the starvation ( which happened in chineese history ) . 
  i say saving people 's lifes is more important than gay laws . 
   video of man getting shot  cant see man getting shot ok, 
  i honestly never got ex-yugo banter, 
  sailing for example . 
  trade ? 
  companies in a region , shipping merchandise idk to sweden for example . 
  again , we failed to develop warminsko-mazurskie region , maybe this will help , but saying we wont gain anything is an overstatement imho . 
  but of course this investment might not be good value for money . 
  in your opinion there will be no gains . 
  the canal is intended to increase tourism and trade in warminso-masurskie which is the poorest region afaik . 
  another thing is that it might have a military justification . 
   nice illustration not mine , i am not a professional graphic designer able to perform this kind of work . 
  stop acting so backwardy , currently gender fluid parties rock the world, 
  currently [ only way ] ( http://www.portel.pl/opiimg/duze/p71/bfvgx0.jpg ) of reaching baltic sea is through russia, 
  start with sputnik if you may, 
  donek come back to poland the nation [ needs ] ( http://x3.wykop.pl/cdn/c3201142/comment_exatcd4rrwrcp80atqjwvlmam5j9n7kq.jpg ) you, 
  eu has a comon foreign policy , mogherini 's position embodies it . 
  the example of this policy is visible for example in sactions on russia for crimea anexation . 
  so common foreign policy is already here and army is being slowly prepared . 
  so i say , we dont need federation for nukes , just common defense . 
  you can be potentially annihilated by nukes today , what are you talking about ? 
  wew butthurt is strong in this one . 
   permavirgin manlet this is your argument in this discussion ? 
  that is just sad . 
  no wonder you are downvoted here . 
  he is for further intergation , but the question is why is your view of future eu better than ours ? 
  why should we reform in your way ? 
  you dont want further integration , you want your way of further integration . 
  yeah and let 's go back to pre-wwii europe slaughtering ewch other . 
  lets have sum fun . 
  for people who do n't know the guy . 
  he de facto rules poland right now from behind the stage . 
  officially he is a head of our govermental party and normal member of parliment . 
  uk is leaving , france has nuks indeed , but they are french nukes , not eu ones . 
  no it is not , there are cities who want nuclear power plant here . 
  we just have coal which is cheaper . 
  long story , our gov meddles with constitutional tribunal and is heavily criticised by eu for it . 
  left wing want eu reformed into federation , it is also a different kind of eu . 
  our gov doesnt remotely go this far . 
  they are ok with current eu ( except for this contitutional tribunal shitsotem ) in addition they are first in line to support forming eu army . 
  yup and italy . 
  say jaros\u0142aw again , i dare you , i double dare you motherfucker , say jaros\u0142aw one more goddamn time !, 
  just bring your wages along . 
  poland is irrelevant . 
  dont overestimate our position . 
  our goverment is not eurosceptic . 
  they are strong eu supporters . 
  it has been said over and over again . 
  seriosuly , do you think all right wing parties are eurosceptic ? 
  and we have been the biggest benedicient of eu contributions after 2004 and a country which lost the most young population due to eu , who pay taxes in other eu countries now for the benefits we get . 
  if you think those contributions are even remotely comparable to benefits you get from single market ( ~ 45 % of british export goes to eu ) you have to be silly . 
  eu is not a charity for countries , it is a deal you win something , you lose something . 
  the money is in the single market . 
  or this is just a smokescreen for eu/russia to offer bielarus something, 
  everyone knows he is immortal duh ... 
  thanks for the good work with translation . 
  i wonder what does german press say about possible frexit ? 
  pls no, 
  i am afraid putin is also [ resourceless ] ( http://en.tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp ), 
  good for you guys , i just read in polish press about it , keep on with a good work, 
  it seems \u0141ukaszenka reconsiderd bielarusian position afer crimea annexation , he knows what russian bases in bielarus mean . 
  you were born just in time for internet meme wars if this is what you are getting at,
