   unlike ukraine we have no interest in the so called `` free trade '' with europe except for [ economy ] ( http://pl.tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp ) , but who cares about it, 
  another day in the internet, 
  i see they really like mustard in esa, 
  mostly because they still have death penalty . 
  i dont know honestly , we made visa free regime with them for the part of bielarus where poland was before wwii . 
  this enabled students mostly to sight see what was poland once . 
  this is what i know . 
  ap stated there are no proofs whatsoever for our involvement with bielarus . 
  we are fucking poland , we dont have a good secret service to do shit like this . 
  but meanwhile relationship with russia and belarus was deteriorating for a while now , now this happens after trump being elected . 
  i do n't know what russians are planning , but it seems bielarus is getting a bit out of their influence zone . 
  if i were them i would prepare an excuse in case of any future military action . 
  just lay a first foundation and next ones . 
  one after another , so in the end noone would know who was right . 
  sure thing , poland is famous from our secret service , we did create and destroy nations in last decades xd but this is a nice change , someone thinking we have some sort of influence . 
  thanks guys !, 
  on the side note , he was said in polish press to be mentally ill . 
  he walked around his city and predicted apocalypse of some sort . 
  wait are we usa now or what, 
  plus there is an unreported `` grey zone '', 
   killing them all so just some of them or what, 
  so we can easily rule out pewdiepie 's involment ? 
  ( i am sorry , i know it was inappropriate . ), 
  other sites have semi-censored faces of the attackers , who do n't look like natives . 
  well we have historical differences , but generally ukrainians want to come here to work and have a better future . 
  thats understandable and good for them . 
  it is called `` being a neet '' now, 
  do we ? 
  i have never seen it in real life , i rarely see it on the internet too . 
  yeah , sure just like poles did from the uk, 
  we lost about 2 milion young poles who basically plumb in the uk , netherlands and germany right now . 
  so we are in need of young population and cheap workforce , this void is filled mostly with ukrainians . 
  generally it is hard to estimate their number in here , many sources claim about 1milion , growing to 1,5 during holidays . 
  the rapid growth was especially seen after crimea annexation , we werent used to having immigrants , but they integrate quick since our cultures and lanuages arent too different . 
  right now we have 8 % unemployment rate which is the lowest since early 90s . 
  but what happens now ? 
  i mean ukrainians chose eu and usa over russia . 
  with trump eletected we can expect us to give them a cold shoulder . 
  on eu side , dutch made a referendum which was n't really favourable , too . 
  the current situation , although is very good for my country since we got hundreads of thousands ukrainians as immigrants , does n't bring much optimism to this part of europe . 
  not only . 
  for example poland has an embassy in north korea , not many countries have them . 
  this , if i were to say economically they gained a lot from this attitude . 
  even countries historically unsure about germany like us are right now with union with them . 
  well it is good to be ready years or decades before . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  i am all for basic ideas already implemented by eu, 
  oh okey i have seen a topic about it on other forum . 
   protest demanding a right to protest we need to go deeper, 
  i am ok with that map, 
  good for you guys !, 
  well , right now we do n't have minorities our neighbours want to kill so it is worth taking a risk . 
  of course , but along with polish labour there comes cheap products you have on your shelf . 
   ee live cheaply send the money back to build homes and buy businesses you sound like this is a huge percentage of money they make , can i please have a source on that ? 
   what you dont take into consideration in your `` taxes '' is the extra cost of schools , healthcare , infrastructure and homes . 
  yes of course , along with money invested in your country . 
   due to the one way relationship with the eu where i believe the uk does n't come out favorable . 
  well is it one way ? 
  you gained about 1 milion young people who are europeans ( so cultural differences are n't that big ) who work for your retirement system every day in jobs british citizens would n't do . 
  if you do n't want them they should be sent back here , yet noone - afaik - in british politics even remotely considers this . 
  why is that ? 
   i am quite aggressive to ee in my comments no worries , we kind of experience it from both ways , on the one hand we lost 2 milion citizens to the west , on the other 0,5-1 milion ukrainians live here ( who mostly moved to poland after crimea annexation ) . 
  another thing is that poles pay taxes in your country . 
  a portion of it - yes - comes back as donations . 
  who ? 
  we dont have currently an eurosceptic party in parliment . 
  afaik tusk started to build highways when we were to host euro 2012 , also tusk became pm in 2007 . 
  thanks bro , plumbing has benefited us greatly it seems, 
  current state of higways ( 11.01.2017 ) - https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/81380146/mapka-igorsel.png green - built red - building ( there is a date near it when it will be finished ) purple - building will start in few weeks/months yellow/orange - planned to be built around 2019-2023 ( yellow is more advanced plans ) blue - planned but not before 2022 eu donations are mostly ( ? 
  or at least in great number ) invested in highways . 
  usually for every kilometer a half of it is eu financed . 
  and as always we see how shit communism was , we lost ~ 50 years of development thanks to it . 
  it does and i am far from defending it . 
  but it is either a medical procedure or not , you cant just stop doing surgeries for meme reasons . 
  wut well today we wont treat cancer becauee fuck it, 
  not from wroclaw , but rents are generally low in poland so you just might have a chance, 
  it is important to have the capital protected . 
  invest in western polan , we are desperate to buy electricity . 
  no there is no without additional source of financing it . 
  i am not sure why do you think everyone considers climate problems as the biggest ones . 
  you can be smart on reddit , but i see no real solutions coming from you . 
  allright , you ca n't precisely estimate the number of ukrainians in poland just like you cant do it in england since there is a big grey zone . 
  english stats are also faulty here . 
  there are no more precise stats of ukrainians than what i posted afaik . 
  thanks !, 
  friendly reminder we had even more rapid growth of ukrainians after crimea annexation , now we have about milion of them , growing to ~ 1,5 m in summer . 
  additionally , mind that polish population is smaller than british . 
  it isnt that simple , abortion for example plays a big role in this rank . 
  looks cool, 
  it is really bad in krak\u00f3w too . 
  this movie made by polish youtuber from krak\u00f3w explains it all . 
  [ it is drastic , i dont recommend it for sensible people ] ( https://gfycat.com//selfishoblonghorse ) text there says : `` filter after one day in krak\u00f3w '' . 
  pis ( our govermental party ) is pro eu . 
  donald tusk was our pm when pis was the opposition , hence this dislike . 
  it has nothing to do with eu . 
  he knows a thing or two about stupidity . 
  happy for you guys . 
  keep on wih the good work . 
  recent tax cuts and victories over corruption in romania made a lot of people here upset about our current shape . 
  competition like this among eastern members is very important and thanks for it .
