i 'm sorry , would you mind explaining to me where you 're pulling that from as i 'm unsure of what you 're talking about ; alternatively just quote the text in question . 
  this is the impression i got form your statement `` instead we ought to weight epistemological assumptions in the context of their scope and explanatory power '' . 
   these ideologies first started with a conclusion and then molded their dogmas around it -- it was n't ` designed ' to model reality . 
  you are speaking as if science is fully inductive , whereas philosophies of science seem to corroborate the view that this is simply most often not the case , e.g. 
  the most science is done in some conceptual paradigm , what is deemed to be true beforehand , usually hypothesis precedes the experiment etc. 
   undoubtably i 've seen many a great fool attempt to imbue unto science an ethic for which it is not fit . 
  i had in mind the pseudo-scientific theories of race and economic and political theories of atheistic and marxist societies . 
  they rely on some sort of scientific activity ( and i mean science in the sense of wissenschaft , not the anglo-american concept of science ) . 
  wow . 
  so , if i understand you correctly then the practice is the criterion of truth ? 
  however when it comes to ethical decisions ( or political etc ) , then science does not provide us with any normative guidelines and several ideologies come to play ( we have to maximize wealth , everyone is equal etc ) . 
  you have to admit that the biggest problem is the jump from explanatory realm into normative and this is exactly the problem we are having with ideologies . 
  science should be without ethical judgements ( there is no right or wrong , simply true and false ) , but oftentime the separation is not observed . 
  this exactly is also the problem with racial or atheistic political systems . 
  i understand your point and basically agree with it , but just for the hell of it ( and to be philosophically coherent ) i 'll point that all basic beliefs are unprovable and rely on ( for the lack of better word ) trust . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundationalism#criticisms, 
  you are talking about any type of ideology ( i live in a extremely secular , even post-atheist country , so i have some experience with this ) . 
  this is n't religion what is at fault but ideological exclusionism . 
  and you are right in this regard , that you ca n't eradicate ideological exclusionism . 
  look for example at atheist forums who find themselves to be far superior to any religious person . 
  they believe that when they are already professed themselves to be atheists then this fact alone transforms them into beacons of logic and reason . 
  oftentimes however these people are sadly so poorly informed of the subjects they are talking about and so bigoted that they become the very mirror image of what they are fighting against . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i have lived in germany for a while and think the religious situation in germany is much better than in estonia or in us . 
  and i strongly believe that it is due to the above mentioned reasons . 
  probably even long after that , these kind of general descriptions tend to take hold and are going to be used for no particular reason for god knows how long . 
  estonia actually is n't so keen on grexit , afaik , but indeed ready for it , whatever that means . 
  i think this represents the situation better , at least regarding estonia . 
  as far as i know , r\u00f5ivas is preferring to avoid grexit . 
  i 'm _ for _ eu absolutely and very happy we joined . 
  i do n't know much about the amount of financial help estonia has received ( probably a considerable sum , i do n't doubt it ) but this aspect is in my opinion not the most important . 
  i really appreciate the _ idea _ of eu . 
  i feel that belonging to eu means to strive towards some common values and in spite some inevitable grievances ( bureaucracy etc ) i see eu doing just that - supporting the so called [ european values ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europeanism ) . 
  in principle this seems a good idea , but i 'm not sure what this will mean in practice . 
  these regions have already agreements of cooperation and anyway collaborate on many topics . 
  would the idea be to give less power to central eu government and more to regional ones ? 
  or would this mean that the current eu structures remain in place and these regions merge into bigger states adding another layer of government ? 
  religion is usually just an excuse , look at swedish or norwegian churches , who perform gay weddings without any problem . 
  this homophobic attitude is thus wholly irrational ( in the sense that has no other foundation than i do n't like them ) . 
  incidentally it is always linked to some weird right wing politics , machismo etc. 
  do you really think that admitting cyprus , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia , and slovenia into eu ruined the formerly peaceful and successful union ? 
  historically many of these have been part of either habsburgs empire or german cultural areas . 
  and even now , do these countries have big economic problems or are they really a burden to eu ? 
  i do n't really understand your point here . 
  most of the info actually is contained in the video ( https://youtu.be/oogssla_lfm ) . 
  estonians could not have shot on anything because there were no russian drones , or was there ? 
  also , please , proofs . 
  good for you , i guess . 
  existential problems , at least that 's the impression i got . 
  still , the background is soviet everyday . 
  please , have a look at an accurate description of the soviet occupation . 
  very cool . 
  however the pic seems dated . 
  yep , riga it is , i recognized it because of the unmistakable building of national library . 
  there are several theories , the most plausible one is that the area where proto-finno-ugric was spoken reached between the baltic sea and the ural mountains ( huge area ) and indoeuropeans gradually pushed finno-ugric tribes away and some ended up where hungary is now . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_languages, 
  agreed . 
  i know for example that in the beginning of the 20th century the political discussion was whether estonia should lean more towards russia or towards germany and more or less everybody agreed that germany will pose a greater danger . 
  but the fact is that one year of soviet occupation ( on 1940 ) changed everybody 's minds and after that the germans were greeted as liberators ( who they turned up not to be ) . 
  i think carrots do not matter here at all , as we have still vivid memories from the 50 years of ussr occupation , deportations , collective farming , russification , disorder , bribes , corruption , crime , you name it . 
  when you look at the map of finno-ugric languages ( http://indo-european.eu/wiki/images/8/81/finno-ugric_languages.png ) and compare this to the oil reserves of russia , then there is a lot of overlapping . 
  this is why the maris and others will never get more autonomy etc. 
  grow up to where ? 
  admitting that communism is the best worldview ? 
  forgetting the crimes of communism ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  please elaborate . 
  my great-grandfather was officer in the estonian army ( not german ) and due to that he was considered a risk and was shot in 1941 . 
  her wife was sent to siberia and she did not survive . 
  my grandfather was quite young then ( 17 ) and he was relocated in a camp in north eastern estonia . 
  from my mothers side both my great-grandparents were deported to siberia , my great-grandmother survived . 
  they were deemed [ kulaks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kulak ) . 
  ok , i 'll modify my statement . 
  if communists see a need to voice their support for one side regarding some controversial issue , i 'm tending to eye it suspiciously , as they have had not the best track record . 
  but you understood even before that this was the gist of my `` absolute stance '' , it was not intended as legal or philosophical formulation , but a colloquial way of expressing my attitude . 
  communists did not defeat hitler alone , it was the allies , with the support of soviet union . 
  and the communists did deport my great-grandparents to siberia , the list of crimes that the communists did is at least as long as the list of crimes that the nazis did . 
  for me supporting communists is the same as supporting nazis . 
  signed by communists ? 
  excuse me but i just ca n't take anything seriously that has the support of communists . 
  o really ? 
  some ( but not all ) of the post-soviet countries are the most non-religious in the world , much less in any case than italy or spain . 
  see here : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/47/europe_belief_in_god.svg/2000px-europe_belief_in_god.svg.png, 
  damn , you 're right . 
  lets not use such strong words , i would say it 's just upside down . 
  yes . 
  although we have had much history in common with latvia , i still feel that finland is somehow the brother , with bickering and taunts , but still , family . 
  could it be the ones estonia picked were interviewed more carefully and they actually knew where they were going to be relocated ? 
  do n't know , really . 
  thanks , i really think that to maintain stability in the region the presence of non-estonian nato troops in estonia ( or baltics in general ) is crucial . 
  both in the sense that it gives the possibility to monitor the situation better and also deter any aggression . 
  in the sense that the hypothetical aggression would then be directed not only towards estonian forces but also against british ( or any other nato member ) and this would not be in anyones interest to widen the ( possible ) conflict . 
  and i want to stress here that there is absolutely no imaginary hostility towards russia or russians . 
  i have friends in russia and it is very much possible to be friends as the situation is now . 
  we have ample historical precedent of russia intervening in estonia ( [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_war_of_independence#soviet_westward_offensive ) , [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) . 
  of course you can say that things have changed , but i would argue that the situation in georgia and ukraine proves at least that russia is willing to move in when it deems it favourable for itself and does not care overly about international agreements . 
  it is only prudent to be careful , would you not say ? 
  please compare the nato and russian military exercises and decide then who is `` fear mongering '' . 
  well , curry has been part of english cuisine since 17th century , so ... see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curry#origins_and_dissemination, 
  also , [ finnish infantry regiment 200 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_infantry_regiment_200 ) .
