no problem . 
  sorry , but no . 
  i only went there because my company started doing business in the region after i was hired . 
  almost anything . 
  i 'm a techie . 
  well ... i got a fascinating reply :  its a sure yes seems my understanding was n't exactly correct . 
  his perspective is : qataris = americans  gulf people + eu rich countries ( i.e germany )  rest of eu / west  some arabs countries with good relations  rest of the world + arabs  palestinians ( note that he is palestinian ) quite a ladder there though . 
  interesting question . 
  i 'll ask my friend tomorrow if i remember . 
  just to add to this ( i also travel to doha regularly ) there are a massive number of unskilled labourers there and on the face of it at least , working conditions seem to be improving slowly over time for these workers . 
  on a flight from india to uae on my way home i spoke to an indian government representative who was trying to secure basic rights for unskilled indian labourers in the gulf states . 
  we spoke about the conditions there and he agreed that conditions were improving for some , but not for all . 
  there are actually 5 levels to the caste system that i had pointed out to me by an arab friend : qataris  arabs  westerners  chinese  indians / pakistanis . 
  most of the customer facing positions that were n't filled by arabs were filled by chinese ( putting them higher up the food chain ) and the unskilled labour seemed to be mostly indian . 
  as a skilled westerner , there is a lot of money to be made there and a good expat scene . 
  i spoke to an irish lady in starbucks in downtown doha and she said she had no reason or plans to return to ireland . 
  also irish . 
  always took it to mean that something revolutionary had happened and that life would never be the same again . 
  `` i quit drugs - today is the first day of the rest of my life . '', 
  gps without data on a smart phone is more or less useless for actual use cases . 
  i 'll argue against your point - there is freedom of labour movement within the united states . 
  california and west virginia are n't exactly equal . 
  that 's really nice . 
  wait so can i spin over there and vote on this brexit thing ? 
  agree strongly with this . 
  freedom of speech us style really is the way to go in an open democracy . 
  yes it brings out the lunatics ( i 'm thinking westboro baptist and their like ) but it prevents dissenting voices being silenced by an oppressive government . 
  edit : typo, 
  when you 're an imam , praising a murderer and inciting hatred are a hairs breadth away from one another . 
  we use something similar . 
  irish here . 
  so glad someone said this . 
  thank you . 
  rightly or wrongly , that is my perception . 
  super discussion though , folks . 
  very respectful and polite . 
  not in the slightest !, 
  irish here . 
  irish here . 
  that 's not my view . 
  stay !, 
  however there is a lot of euro blaming that goes on . 
  honestly i 've had enough of that . 
  never got into it with the exception of carbonara . 
  my take on pasta is that i 'd rather eat biscuits . 
  i mean they 're more or less nutritionally equivalent . 
  spud gobbling savages we are !, 
  ( i love spuds ), 
  i ca n't wait to retire to italy !, 
  burn !, 
  saved this and just got to watch it now . 
  super speech . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  jesus i forgot about the turnips until i read your comment !, 
  bloody nightmare to try and carve they were . 
  sooooo ... all of them ? 
  well , my view on it is pretty straightforward - i do n't think we should expect others to sacrifice themselves , their sons and daughters for a war that we agree is justified . 
  there have n't been any of those lately , but if a day comes that one is on the horizon i think it 's immoral to allow others to make sacrifices for our safety that we 're not willing to make ourselves . 
  i have n't seen any polls on whether or not i 'm in the minority . 
  i 'd be interested to know . 
  the `` people like you '' thing is totally unnecessary in fairness . 
  you need n't lump me in with anyone else when you have n't got a notion what my views are except on a single issue . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i think our neutrality should be repealed . 
  thank you . 
  keep the updates coming !, 
  i 'm just sitting here refreshing this thread . 
  that 's overly harsh . 
  i heard a story today that a family of 5 from texas were there and the father and his 11 year old son were killed . 
  we 're all suffering today . 
  this is an attack on our collective way of life . 
  what i still do n't get is how they believe that god thinks it 's a great idea for them to mow down members of the public in a truck . 
  i 'm not religious but i 'm respectful of those who are . 
  i am yet to meet someone who vocally believes that god believes this to be the right course of action and that 's not from lack of exposure to islam . 
  i 've spent a reasonable amount of time in the middle east and a lot of time talking to muslim friends though admittedly they 're all normal people . 
  that 's just pretend . 
  muppetry . 
  in fairness it already has . 
  the ireland of 2016 is so vastly different from the ireland of my childhood ( i 'm 40 ) and we all knew that infrastructure being built was because of `` eec '' money . 
  there 's no desire here to punish the uk that i 've seen . 
  absolutely true !, 
  myself included . 
  i just find a lot of the `` starter jobs '' are filled by a disproportionate number of immigrants and they do a super job , generally . 
  that may be because of income disparity versus where they 've come from ( i.e. 
  minimum wage in ireland is significantly higher than the equivalent job would pay in poorer countries ) which would tie in with what you 've said too . 
  same is true in ireland imo . 
  lots of irish people not willing to do lower paid jobs . 
  edit : typo, 
   `` we are adjusting to life outside the eu and it will not be as economically rosy as life inside the eu , '' he said . 
  says it all , really . 
  the whole thing is very sad . 
  there is no way ireland will ever leave the eu . 
  we have benefited massively from being in the eu . 
  i remember a time when there were no motorways in ireland . 
  none . 
  it was n't that long ago , either . 
  i feel european . 
  add to that the brexit looks like a total clusterfuck from the outside . 
  i do n't know a single person that would vote to leave . 
  ireland has higher per capita income than the uk .
