well , i was being sarcastic . 
  who did n't ? 
  yes . 
  what 's wrong with danish food ? 
  more like 72 hours actually . 
  `` i double dare you motherfucker ! '', 
  this dude 's fucking short . 
  out of curiosity i google-translated top youtube comments under that video . 
  it 's fucking disturbing . 
  you can negotiate , you can bluff , you can try a whole variety of things . 
  the allies simply did n't care enough . 
  so it was either go to war against ussr or agree on everything stalin wants ? 
  i thought cameron supported his candidature . 
  actually he 's telling the truth . 
  he speaks german but not french . 
  you 're so oversimplifying it . 
  they did n't classify jews and gypsies as humans . 
  slavs were untermensch , a worse kind of humans . 
  hitler had no intentions to exterminate the poles , even after invasion . 
  before april he had no intentions even to invade . 
  he actually preferred to get poland on his side to fight the ussr but that was impossible due to animosity of our peoples at that time . 
  according to nazi ideology japanese were untermensh too . 
  but they could accept them because of their history and culture . 
  same goes to poles . 
  poland did the ` right thing ' and it ended terribly for us . 
  even though germany was responsible for all those lives and crimes and ultimately they lost the war , they ended up incomparably better off than poland . 
  they got marshall plan and we got communism . 
  after all those sacrifices made by our nation we got betrayed by the west once again . 
  no wonder we are full of bitterness and regret . 
  all those pacts surely made poland safer . 
  too bad poles were too damn proud to surrender . 
  true . 
  that 2,5 million estimate is ridiculous . 
  you ca n't really compare the room for interpretation in quran and bible . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2723659/isis-militants-seize-key-towns-villages-close-syrian-border-turkey.html yeah , it 's a single example . 
  we do n't have any statistics but it does happen . 
  having said that i agree with a lot that you wrote . 
  are we not in trouble ? 
  i 'd say we are . 
  just look what is going on in middle east . 
  i knew it was n't serious but also did n't really get it . 
  it 's like the most random stuff ever . 
  if you followed the quran strictly , you 'd be an extremist . 
  there are n't that many extremists because people naturally are n't that bad so they restrain themselves . 
  you live in a nice society but your ideology you were indoctrinated with tells you to do bad things . 
  what do you do ? 
  most people are n't psychopaths so they seek a middle ground . 
  it does n't mean the ideology is n't bad . 
  it would depend on the ones that i knew , would n't it ? 
  the quran is n't really open to interpretation . 
  of course the muslims are very different - but it mostly depends on the society they live in . 
  in western european countries they simply are n't allowed to strictly follow the sharia law . 
  they live prosperous lives and in return they are forced to blend in . 
  so if you know only ` moderate ' and nice muslims , your opinion on islam is likely to be more biased than mine . 
  but somehow it is politically correct to have a biased opinion on a subject only if it 's favoruable towards it . 
  from my point of view it seems that muslims from western europe join isis in the hope of getting into heaven for their actions . 
  i have no clue how would you explain politically going from a rich and peaceful country to fucking syria or iraq to go to a savage war . 
  there is no political gain for anyone there . 
  how does it show that everyone knew about it ? 
  why ? 
  i have opinion on many ideologies of which i know none followers . 
  at least not personally . 
  good eggs do n't want to get into the dubious basket . 
  does it matter ? 
  i meant it analogously , i 'm polish . 
  could you elaborate ? 
   i 'm still first a dane , but i 'm starting to be more willing to call me a european . 
  same here, 
  dude , they are mass murdering muslims who do n't agree with them . 
   if war breaks out , is it mainly british and french blood that spills ? 
  nice one, 
  every religion is a cancer to one 's mind . 
  it 's just that some people have more resistant minds to bullshit and those do n't become extremists . 
  if you followed strictly islam or even christianity , you 'd be an extremist . 
  just read the quran and the bible . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  it 's completely different to fight your enemies one at a time and to fight them all at once . 
  germany would be defeated quickly if france and britain attacked in september from west , there is no other possible outcome and anyone assuming opposite is simply being ignorant . 
  germany attacked france when they wanted , when they were prepared , when they knew they can win . 
  they did n't fight on their own land . 
  poland was defeated . 
  how can you ignore all those circumstances ? 
  great britain and france together would crush the little german forces left in the country while the main troops were bind by the poles . 
  france had the most powerful land army in the world at the time and gb was not weak either whether prepared or not . 
  and yet they 've agreed upon each other that they do n't take any major action . 
  eventually that shameful decision has turned against them but nobody in poland thinks about it in a manner that they got what they deserved . 
  we rather think : `` all this madness could be nipped in the bud ... '' damn , so many lives could be saved it were n't for those incompetent , blind pricks in charge of foreign affairs from france and britain . 
  i had no idea but that 's very interesting , thanks for letting me know !, 
  i like your attitude about that - instead of getting offended ( i was told that people who call catalans `` polacos '' mean it derogatorily ) you seem to kind of embrace it , good for you !, 
   polacos that always baffles me . 
  wonder what is the origin of it . 
  well , life for anyone in eastern europe is n't that nice . 
  being gay or a woman does n't play a huge role in it though . 
  lithuania and latvia are not slavic either although they are somewhat related . 
  did n't uk vote yes ? 
  unofficial sources are saying that czechia , slovakia , hungary and romania voted against , finland abstained and the rest voted for . 
  surprisingly poland broke out of the v4 stance and voted for the quotas . 
  well , that 's surprising . 
  i thought we were gon na at least abstain . 
  i 'm not sure it was wise to brake out of the v4 like that .
