  i do n't get how it 's better in the minds of westerners to pour money in failed economies and at the same time it 's a waste in the case of successful but yet poor new members . 
  oh , right , sorry, 
  i think i 've seen those tribes being lumped together as * polish tribes * but never * poles * per se . 
  anyway , this map is very simplified . 
  um , it 's a map of east slavic tribes ... 
  i thought bavaria is full of austrians ... 
  seems rather random , maybe that 's a mistake ? 
  [ nope !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polans_%28eastern%29 )  * in the early middle ages there were two separate slavic tribes bearing the name of polans , the other being the western polans ( ancestors of the modern poles ) . 
  for this reason i really wish i was born in sweden . 
  living in a society which scores high in masculinity is such a burden . 
  wise reasoning . 
   i just know that czechia and poland would never spend a penny on anyone else or accept large-scale immigration from other eu countries . 
  oh , so you * just know * that . 
  k . but then what about the fact that both czechia and poland have accepted large scale immigration from ukraine ? 
  eastern europeans have problem accepting immigrants only from very different cultures , like near/middle eastern muslims . 
  is it necessary to specify the victims ' nationality ? 
  i do n't know but if it is then to me it seems only reasonable to also inform about who the oppressors were . 
  on the other hand you buy things produced by exploited asian workers without even thinking about it . 
  pola\u0144ski may be a piece of shit but he 's also a great director . 
  the pianist is definitely worth watching . 
  for me it 's anything chopin 's really , but especially the [ `` revolutionary '' etude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd2zhtb7tbo ) , the [ `` military '' polonaise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ubwsmnwlas ) and [ nocturne 20 in c sharp minor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9oqea-d5ru ) ( seeing szpilman playing it is really something , makes my eyes watery every time ) . 
  it was a political move . 
  it was either that or prussians ' fate . 
  one flight to promised land ? 
  sure i would . 
  bastards !, 
  they trick us !, 
  i wish it was true . 
  it 's brytania in polish , basically the same but written in polish phonetic form . 
  that would n't make sense without lithuania and they get triggered by the thought of it ... 
  nope . 
  we pronounce it `` litva '', 
  france is not going to leave even with strongly eurosceptic president . 
  same as poland now . 
  more like one . 
  i think the shortest route would be through ukraine . 
  although probably not the fastest . 
  anyway , that does n't really matter , the distance is relatively small and we actually shared a border in the past . 
  what do you mean ? 
  unfortunately russia regularly sends that kind of messages to poland . 
  depends on what you mean by `` having business '' . 
  `` matriarchal '' is for sure an exaggaration but i think that there is indeed some special appreciation for women in slavic countries considering how far behind the west they tend to be on other social issues but not this one . 
  and i think that many countries in europe are equal or close to it in that matter . 
  but that 's another topic . 
  kaczynski 's no businessman . 
  of course . 
  but that in no way means that they are n't ` women friendly ' . 
  if you ignore abortion , then poland is a pretty good place to be a woman . 
  abortion is one thing . 
  there are a lot of women who are very much against it . 
  goplana 's my favourite too . 
  you mean homogeneous . 
  we do n't know the exact question and phrasing is very important . 
  it makes sense . 
  do you not get the analogy ? 
  why do n't we ban working in mcdonalds . 
  after all some people find it humiliating and those who work there usually have no better alternative . 
  that 's not possible without knowing who got pregnant and when . 
  that 's the best we get for now . 
  we 're years behind the west when it comes to this kind of stuff . 
  this is never going to pass , bet the entire point of this was to make a fuss aiming at the most religious electorate to show them that they 're doing something and the rest do n't even take this seriously . 
  their currency devalued significantly so it did n't hit them that badly . 
  common sense . 
  yes , it is . 
  its life is n't worth as much as that of a born child though . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  when those tapes leaked there was huge outrage about what sikorski has said . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  there are men who like to be humiliated too . 
  well , you do n't have to like it . 
  what about people who work part-time ? 
  the `` day after pill '' . 
  huh . 
  so you 're saying that 110 french and english divisions could n't take on 23 german divisions while the rest of german army was engaged in poland ? 
  well , if that is so , we 're not gon na agree here . 
  that 's why i said the chance is smaller , not that it can not happen . 
  i would n't care either ( i think ) but the issue with traffic accidents is that they 're exactly that - * accidents * . 
  there 's no ideology behind it , it just happens . 
  and it is a pretty stable issue . 
  people accept and understand that there is certain , pretty stable , risk attached to it which , by the way , only diminishes over time . 
  now terrorism - that 's another story . 
  people do n't understand the motives and do n't accept it in the slightest . 
  it makes them scared even if the numbers of victims are relatively small . 
  that does make it worse because we 're not machines , we 're not about numbers only . 
  our emotions matter . 
  if the society feels bad about something , that 's a big problem . 
  and it 's getting worse because it 's happening more often and we have no control over it . 
  if governments fail to tackle this issue , it 's gon na get ugly . 
  europeans wo n't accept more and more frequent attacks done only by a very certain demographic . 
  we are tolerant , but we 're not * that * tolerant . 
  they did . 
  but it was pretty much meaningless without actual military action by them . 
  still if you 're a careful driver the chance is way smaller than the bullshit average that people often use , it does n't make any sense . 
  victims of terror attacks basically do not have any control over their faith . 
  unless someone is willing to spend the rest of his life as an eremite . 
  that 's sweet . 
  that 's air pollution , not smog . 
  you need a couple of factors to have smog besides high air pollution . 
  i 've never heard of smog outside of cracow .
