  poland also agreed . 
  yes and no . 
  people understand the difference but they quite often refer to soviet union calling it `` russia '' ( never the other way around ) . 
  basically soviet union to poles is just another manifestation of russian state , like the russian empire or tsardom of muscovy . 
  it 's not only about a gdp . 
  so sweden it is . 
  seems very reasonable . 
  well , it 's not like poland has had any say in all this nor it was guilty of it happening . 
  nevertheless i agree with your last sentence completely . 
  lviv and vilnius at that time were both inhabited mostly by poles . 
  how can you call such a land grab an attempt to eradicate nations is beyond me . 
  fyi two decades to be precise . 
  vilnius was taken bloodlessly ( we 're still not proud of it ) . 
  also poles had plans about creating an independent ukraine and actively tried to implement them but those unfortunately have failed . 
  there was no war declaration . 
  me too . 
  and i 'm straight . 
  the picture is cute . 
  teachers too ? 
  wtf ? 
  how do they communicate with teachers in classes then ? 
  then in what language do they communicate in classes ? 
  neutral meaning non-polish ? 
  or those who defend soviet union ? 
  which ones ? 
  well , we 're not gon na agree on this one . 
  no , it does n't . 
  ussr did n't border germany , so stalin 's proposals were n't really serious since it was obvious that no country would agree on soviet troops passing through their territory . 
  stalin helped hitler to destroy his shield against nazis . 
  how is that the only option ? 
  how could he know that poland would be defeated so quickly ? 
  he could n't and he did n't but he hoped so . 
  that 's why he waited 2 weeks before invading poland himself . 
  ussr was always about expanding so idea that he wanted protect ussr from nazis is bullshit . 
  he could make a deal that would give him half of poland so he gladly did it because that was in line with the whole idea of his ideology . 
  that was exactly what he failed at in 1920 . 
  of course not , but the soviets made it so much easier and less risky for him . 
  if they wanted to be safe from nazis it was a pretty dumb move . 
  ussr did n't even border germany . 
  i 'd say it 's safer to have an entire country willing to defend itself as a buffer zone than to destroy it with its entire military potential . 
  had they have not signed the pact maybe nazis would n't even have invaded poland in the first place . 
  or even if they did , the allies definitely would act in an entirely different manner . 
  they were very surprised by the pact and were unsure what to expect from stalin at that point . 
  officially it was only a pact , but the secret protocol meant that in fact it was much more than that . 
  they even have had a joint military parade in brest . 
  when they came into my grandfather 's house in lw\u00f3w they ate his toothpaste , they thought it was candy ( it was the tasty kind for kids ) . 
  in fact he did not . 
  in his later later years he was suffering from multiple diseases and ultimately he died from a heart attack . 
   despectively what do you mean by that ? 
  you 've got a point there . 
  he said `` ex soviet satellite state '' which is correct . 
  obviously there must have been such cases , but it was nowhere near the massive scale of rapes by the soviet soldiers , completely not comparable numbers . 
  oh , please . 
   the further you are away from central europe the longer it will take . 
  what the hell is wrong with poland then ? 
  =( i 'm joking . 
  holy shit , is that a thing in the us ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  how bad ideology must be so one can call its followers cancer ? 
  i mean is it wrong to call neonazis cancer ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  thank god . 
  no , they accept them because they want to be in eu/schengen . 
  not really . 
  yes , most likely it 's because of occupation during which homosexuality was prosecuted by the nazis . 
  back in the days poland was a famously tolerant country . 
  shame it has changed so drastically . 
  fun fact : in poland homosexuality was never illegal . 
  although france still gets to be the first in decriminalizing it , technically . 
  anti-islamic does n't necessarily mean anti-muslim . 
  i 'm openly anti-islamic and i do n't think it 's a bad thing . 
  i 'm very liberal on anything and my problem with islam is that it is n't . 
  yeah , well , i wonder what the percentages are . 
  why not ? 
   mainstream theologians , were willing to accept these interpretations if certain conditions were met . 
  one of the most important criteria is that the interpretation should not conflict with the literal meaning of the quran . 
  welp, 
  they were . 
  now is the time to reform islam . 
  those reforms were n't inspired by his religion , rather he did that in spite of islam . 
  i know a simple fact that applies to all of them . 
  i do n't have to be an expert on islam to know such simple facts . 
  but most christian doctrines agree that bible should not be taken literally . 
  now find me muslim who says the same thing about quran . 
  it really has n't . 
  it 's just more evil than the most popular other religions . 
  of course not every idea of islam is evil , but too many are . 
   but this does not mean that all muslims are terrorists , or the islam is a religion for terrorists . 
  islam is however the religion for people who stone homosexuals to death . 
  that also is a simple fact . 
  does n't mean that all muslim do or would do that , just like not every christian obeys ten commandments . 
  do they think that according to islam they are allowed to smoke and drink ? 
  how many christians obey ten commandments entirely ? 
  very few . 
  and how many think they should obey them ? 
  probably close to 100 % . 
  i do n't think all muslims are murderous terrorists . 
  i only point that their religion drives the most devout ones into commiting violence . 
  islam is a very bad ideology , that 's all . 
  just because not every antisemite kills jews does n't mean that antisemitism is n't bad .
