  why do n't you make some babies yourself ? 
  have the babies , give them up for adoption . 
  europe is in sore need of people . 
  op clearly does not share your point of view on that matter as he was asking how to get abortion so how about you stop shoving your bullshit up his throat ? 
  how is that better than abortion ? 
  why ? 
  it 's legal in poland but rarely used . 
  it 's not even that dangerous if you aim low and it 's very effective . 
  umm ... people fleeing war ? 
  it has nothing to do with their culture though . 
  should n't that drive coal prices down in poland ? 
  new headache in different spot . 
  there are no such cases besides violence itself . 
  holy shit , 7 % in poland , i think it 's the lowest since the crisis . 
  i hope pis wo n't fuck the trend up . 
  whole central europe region is looking good . 
  i thought the whole city was a no-go zone . 
  weird . 
  it does n't happen in poland . 
  poland does n't . 
  i 'd hit her back the same way . 
  fuck that bitch . 
  actually it was blocked for a couple of days . 
  but then they unblocked it for no apparent reason . 
  polish too , please . 
  i 'd leave that for historians to judge . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  if polish leadership knew that france and uk were not going to aid poland in case of war , their politics would be different . 
  are you saying that poles have not fought for their country ? 
  seriously ? 
   we gave everything we could to meet that obligation how 's that ? 
  you pretty much did nothing . 
  oh wait , thanks for dropping leaflets on germany !, 
  this map does not represent population density . 
  gib back polish-romanian border !, 
  same in poland . 
  and it 's a pretty big event . 
  poland also has taken the vietnamese . 
  do n't know what 's the number though . 
  but i would n't say they were/are problematic . 
  not at all . 
  it 's not irrelevant . 
  that is the reason for such percentages . 
  bet i 'll get downvoted but yeah partially it is their fault . 
  it 's not coincidence that isis happened in syria/iraq and not for example moldova/ukraine . 
  really ? 
  that 's ... surprising . 
  i need to read about what happened in yugoslavia that led to such atrocities . 
  afghanistan was fucked up long before us `` with us '' went there . 
  maybe you can . 
  but not without problems . 
  you 're gon na have a lot of problems and not only short term ones - those i believe even poles could deal with . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a good example since there never was any beef based on ethnicity between v4 nations unlike balkans . 
  nevertheless i think forming country-like union would be terrible idea . 
  closer cooperation sounds very good though . 
  no tensions with lithuanians until early xx century . 
  and i 've never heard of polish-belarussian tensions . 
  since the dawn of time . 
  what makes you think they do n't get checked ? 
  but it has more to do with human rights rather than sport . 
  yup, 
  they met up in poland . 
  then they went to denmark . 
  bet the kid would be better off living with this guy than the mother . 
  she lost custody because she was living in a brothel . 
  with her child . 
  authorities did n't know about the fraud at the time . 
  it 's not only about a `` fraud '' . 
  she , being a mother , got into some shady relationship with an unknown foreigner for a fucking 2,5 k euros . 
  then she got into prostitution to get help . 
  as a result of her actions her child got basically kidnapped . 
  what the fuck . 
  how irresponsible , fraudulent and stupid one has to be to be considered not fit to raise a child ? 
  it 's not that he is exceptionally smart , it 's the mother who is so fucking dumb . 
  still visible nonetheless . 
  in fact all three partitions are visible . 
  there were lots of people around 18 at my voting place . 
  and you were right . 
  what poor polan has done to you ? 
  i feel like slovakian is somewhere in between polish and czech . 
  czechs have some negative stereotypes of poles . 
  he revealed not only that he 's gay but also his fiance eduardo , so ... 
  they do n't have a choice . 
  how should i know ? 
  attention seeking , some mental problems ? 
  it was n't her first time , that 's all we know . 
  what the hell is this ? 
  great rhetoric . 
  it reminds me of certain european government . 
  i wonder how many were jewish . 
  does it matter though ? 
  i bet it 's the same for every country when adjusted to its emigration over the years . 
  they vilified themselves and she cynically used that for her own purpose . 
  yeah , now that we know she was lying , it 's like nothing wrong has happened there . 
  there has to be a line drawn somewhere . 
  consciousness does n't emerge suddenly , instead it 's a gradual process . 
  abortion after an embryo becomes a fetus is quite drastic and the later it 's performed the more drastic it becomes . 
  so the sooner the better with the line being between embryo and fetus stage of development or even birth in special cases . 
  you could say that about any crime . 
  it 's not the same as accusing a specific person , which is way worse .
