  btw you were wrong : 33 % of women have experienced sexual or physical violence in their lifetime while 11 % have experienced precisely sexual violence . 
  presenting the data like you did which is saying that certain percentage * will * experience some sort of violence is either ignorant or dishonest . 
  the subjects were chosen randomly so a great deal of those women were old which means they most likely have experienced violence long time ago . 
  today we live in a better environment culturally than 50 , 30 , hell , even 10 years ago so it is safe to assume that much less women * will * experience violence in their lifetime in today 's and future europe . 
  thank you for that study , it 's an interesting read , but my advice to you is that you should keep in mind that numbers in such studies are n't very insightful if you do n't know how to interpret them . 
  and unfortunately you pretty much failed at very basic issues . 
  edit : grammar, 
  ( brest ) seriously ? 
  what does it mean sexual violence exactly ? 
  if it 's not rape and i 'm certain it is n't you should n't make such comparisons . 
  i 'm quite sure that similar percentage of people will experience physical abuse of some kind ( not sex related ) in their lives . 
  btw to make your arguments valid you should provide sources . 
  completely sane people can be murderers too . 
  remember charlie hebdo ? 
  there were voices that they had it coming . 
  not because of clothes but because of drawings they made . 
  sooo much different , sooo much more justified . 
  heck , it seems that `` murder culture '' is even more prevalent than rape one . 
  i do n't know where you live but if you live in central or western europe then you 're being delusional . 
  there are people who will excuse rape and there are people who will excuse murder . 
  that does n't mean anything , they are very few in numbers , they do n't matter much . 
  at least not where i live and not where i 've been . 
  sorry to burst your feminist bubble but there is no `` rape culture '' in europe . 
  all of it can be said analogically about murders too . 
  and that means we have a `` rape culture '' in here ? 
  people also commit homicides in europe , do you think we have a `` murder culture '' ? 
  i do n't know about india but there is no such thing as `` rape culture '' in europe . 
   the article does n't quantify anything that 's exactly the problem with the article . 
  if you 're not well educated or simply ignorant it 's easy to misinterpret what the director wrote . 
  trust me , it happens way too often and this is the reason behind our embassy 's reaction . 
  that 's my reaction to whining about downvotes every time . 
  really ? 
  where can i see the stats ? 
  majority of any country , really , was n't that jew friendly at those times . 
  he mentioned germany , poland and hungary . 
  seriously ? 
  i know exactly what he meant , he 's not wrong but putting it in those words is extremely unfortunate and you have no idea how many uneducated or ignorant people spin it unconsciously . 
  this guy has class mr farage can only dream of . 
  both of your statements are not true . 
  do you get your information from russian tv ? 
  because that would explain a lot . 
  www.nato-pa.int/default.asp?shortcut=1289  russian officials have been repeatedly briefed about united states missile defence plans , as well as nato 's missile defence work . 
  the united states has offered to co-operate with russia on missile defence , and to allow russian inspectors to visit sites in alaska , california and central europe , but these offers have been refused . 
  theatre missile defence is addressed , however , in the nrc . 
  in 2003 , a study was launched to assess interoperability of russian and nato members ' tmd and a tmd command post exercise was held in march 2004 in colorado springs , united states . 
  actually russia can get plenty of information , russian inspectors are always invited to such facilities . 
  it is russia who is rattling their nuclear sabre so they had it comming . 
  western nuclear powers never threaten anyone like that and russia does it all the time . 
  how does a missile shield pose a threat to russia ? 
  no , it 's the german food that is basically polish . 
  it was pretty much one sided if you look at it objectively . 
  ukrainians started to massacre entire polish villages , children and women included in an extremely savage ways . 
  poles out of desperation carried out some reprisals . 
  the numbers of victims are not comparable , the method of killing is not comparable and most of all the reason for it is not comparable . 
  so yeah , technically it was n't 100 % one sided but the way ukrainians often put it is not honest . 
  considering that tendency to not being completely honest about volhynia and the facts that nowadays poles tend to have friendly and supportive attitude towards ukraine and you guys make people responsible for that massacre national heroes ... it just hurts . 
  oh , i know all of this stuff , it just somehow did n't came to my mind . 
  i do n't get it , why ? 
   russia actually gas power not sure if a typo or a pun . 
  [ of course it is true . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjgyv/with_headquarters_in_poland_the_united_kingdom/ck9ytll ), 
  who knows what would happen ? 
  whatever nazis would want to do afterwards , we would have some say . 
  considering mentality and discipline of polish soldiers we could win hitler 's admiration ( which we actually did anyway ) . 
  honestly i ca n't imagine worse scenario than what actually has happened . 
  that was unlikely only because polish public opinion was very anti-german . 
  not because of nazi ideology per se . 
  we would n't lose the government . 
  we 'd have our army as a bargaining chip and hitler wanted it badly . 
  we could try to protect the jews like italy did . 
  the average pole would n't suffer from occupation . 
  if we assume that hitler would lose anyway , for poland it would be the best scenario possible . 
  yes , polish soldiers would die . 
  a lot . 
  but millions of civilians would survive , maybe even jewish ones . 
  the way it happened poland was hitler 's playground . 
  one should keep in mind that territory of poland was basically in the epicentre of wwii atrocities for the longest period of time . 
  the hardship of polish folks under occupation was far worse than the fate of , say , french . 
  germans and russians were actively eliminating not only jews but also polish intelligentsia . 
  it 's difficult to imagine how corrupting the wwii was for simple folk and `` pogroms '' were committed by those depraved the most which happened to be uneducated villagers . 
  considering all that it 's truly remarkable that an average pole nowadays is n't similar to an average russian . 
  in 1989 polish society got up from its knees in far better shape than it should . 
  i really do n't think that could be the case . 
  sure , poland was n't entirely innocent but those were different times with different standards and by those poland was one of the good guys . 
  youtube automatically blocks family guy videos and recorded material like that bypasses it . 
  i know a religious girl who does n't like the idea of evolution ( and bbt for that matter ) even though catholic church pretty much embraced it . 
  she has never openly said that she does n't ` believe ' in evolution or anything like it , i guess she realises that evidence is overwhelming but it 's like she ca n't get over that . 
  that 's the closest person to a creationist i 've got . 
  have you ever left your muslim country ? 
  getting `` disowned '' is not a thing here . 
  people get married all the time against their parents wishes and the parents usually get over it . 
  we do n't even use the word `` disown '' which is `` wyrzeka\u0107 '' , it 's pretty archaic to be honest . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor#/media/file:famine_en_urss_1933.jpg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor#/media/file:ukraine_famine_map.png, 
  because of english language , low crime rate , climate , it 's developed . 
  if not canada then some nordic country . 
  it 's not like russia could just stop the oil flow to europe . 
  they need the money . 
  they took it because they could . 
  same in polish, 
  well , the new members may be poor but have relatively stable economies .
