  there are no doctrines of islam that would n't take the quran literally . 
  and have you read the quran ? 
  there 's some pretty distasteful stuff written there . 
   did n't realise that all muslims worldwide are committing terror attacks during ramadan therefore islam has nothing to do with this ? 
  me too . 
   they use correct alphabet - . -, 
  you got me there . 
  rulers then . 
  that would n't make any sense since we have only kings on all the others banknotes . 
  i 'm not using stereotypes . 
  americans due to their isolationist culture tend to focus on geography and history of their own country hence they often lack what europeans would consider a basic knowledge even if it does n't concern their country directly . 
  wtf, 
  dude , chill out , it 's only some internet action and you take it as a stance of entire society . 
  i bet there are tons of worse things done by german anonymous internet users . 
  they 've got a point , only they went way too far with this , as it happens . 
  because it 's easy i suppose . 
  you 'd have to be a little bit more creative to do something like this aimed at americans . 
  anyway it 's just some minor internet action , i did n't know about it until now . 
  it 's not like this is mainstream narrative in polish society . 
  tbh i do n't think that 's really going to happen . 
  i have n't seen such comments . 
  that phrase ( `` polish death camp '' ) was also used by obama in official speech and there were other instances of similar unfortunate expressions used in media by officials or journalists . 
  edit : speach -  speech . _ . 
  oficially it was only a non-agression pact , but it contained a secret protocol , contents of which clearly indicate that they were in fact allies . 
  you confirmed that americans do n't know much about history which obviously makes it easier to misinterpret and twist facts . 
  anyway , that 's my last post , because it seems like your feelings are hurt and you 're trying to flame . 
  actually i do and so it happens you have just confirmed it . 
  you have no clue what is going on in germany then . 
  germany is one of the last countries whose citizens would twist such facts . 
  that was a generalisation , i meant that the problem is more prevalent in usa than europe . 
  and certainly our primary and secondary schools are superior . 
  first get on our level . 
  it 's no secret that america has a problem with education . 
  if one stops at highschool he or she does n't know much . 
  of course not everyone and not every school , but you get my point . 
  i 've seen poorly educated americans twist basic facts , never happens with europeans though . 
  i think they do have a problem with education on basic levels . 
  if we do n't fight such terms it might actually start to happen . 
  actually , yeah . 
  europeans know their history , but americans happen to twist basic facts every now and then . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  but it 's just some minor internet action , lets not blow it out of proportion . 
  not even that actually . 
  it was n't * collaboration * . 
  poland did it alone . 
  seized the opportunity without any agreement with nazi germany . 
  holy shit , that 's ridiculously funny xd my sense of humour is fucked up , i know , sorry about that . 
  you started it !, 
  yes , but semantic accuracy makes it harder to misinterpret . 
  they do and well educated people understand it correctly but you 'd be surprised how creative some americans can be interpreting stuff like this . 
  europeans are generally well educated on that matter , americans on the other hand ... 
  certainly no polish organization is going to make donations for american education . 
  what . 
  no it is n't . 
  some black people do n't like that term for some reason ( those prefer `` czarnosk\u00f3ry '' which means `` blackskinned '' ) but it is by no means racist , lol . 
  even though the percentage most likely is higher among young people it still is nowhere near a majority . 
   uk and france did have a military pact with poland and they decided to honor it . 
  nope . 
  they decided to sacrifice poland and not honor the pact . 
  the agreement was very specific regarding direct actions and not empty words like war declaration . 
  i 'm curious about the polish-hungarian relations since orban took power . 
  considering the historical bond between those 2 nations i feel like orban puts polish diplomats in an uncomfortable position - poland was always very weary of russia and is pro-eu ( though it may soon change a little ) contrary to orban . 
  they did n't stop the growth , that 's all they did . 
  foreign politics was a disaster , as well as social progress , like lgbt rights , separation of church and state , etc. 
  you could also point out that poland 's growth was slower with po as a ruling party and it would be just as meaningless as your previous post . 
  how would that be a sabotage ? 
  he will sign anything pis wants . 
  and i remember when pis was in power . 
  it was a fucking disaster . 
  what the hell is wrong with you then ? 
  let me clean your toilet please ? 
  well , it seems you 're a fucking genius . 
  now i 'm afraid that pis is going to win the parliamentary elections in autumn . 
  well , fuck . 
  duda has won . 
  haha , that 's brilliant . 
  i do n't see why anyone would even consider changing the name . 
  european union is perfectly fine . 
  most of it . 
  [ there are mountains in the south and south-west . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/regiony_kondrackiego-hipsometria.png ), 
  not really . 
  i suggest reading their biographies . 
  france never felt like home to chopin and he did n't even master the language despite living in france his entire adult life . 
  balzac said about him that he is `` more polish than poland itself '' . 
  marie curie was definitely more french than chopin even though he was the one with half french ancestry . 
  but it 's not about blood , is it ? 
  undoubtly chopin . 
  i could call you an islamophobe and win the argument instantly . 
  it makes more sense to focus on individual branches . 
  their lenght and where they split . 
  it seems to me that the tree does n't show objective similarities between languages and only their roots . 
  even though some may argue that ukrainian is more similar to polish than czech , it 's because of later influence . 
  first east and west slavic languages emerged from proto-slavic and then those two separated further . 
  ukrainian is east slavic while polish and czech are west slavic languages . 
  if it 's any interesting i think that slovak is the most similar to polish . 
  then belarusan and ukrainian and just after them czech . 
  the rest is n't understandable at all ( you can decipher single words but that 's pretty much it ) . 
  my sources ? 
  i did n't claim any data .
