  probably poland . 
  it 's not rare to find an ad saying that they 're looking for a female worker . 
  not long ago i saw that g2a was hiring a good looking woman . 
  i 'd like to be handled by her . 
   courts might come down hard on her to discourage a possible trend . 
  i hope they do n't unless she accused a certain person . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse . 
  even if there 's not enough evidence to convict it 's not the same as a false accusation . 
  it got me wondering what 's the number in poland so i checked . 
  it seems that annually there 's over 100 shots fired by polish police , but the vast majority are warning shots . 
  every polish police officer carries a gun , a baton and pepper spray when on duty . 
  what they 're lacking though is other means of coercion , like tasers , but supposedly it 's getting better . 
  http://isp.policja.pl/isp/aktualnosci/5786,policjanci-uzywaja-broni-w-uzasadnionych-przypadkach-ponad-100-razy-rocznie.html the article is from an official polish police site and is 2 years old . 
  it says that by 2015 probably every patrol will be equipped with a taser with a camera attached . 
  i doubt that 's the case even today , but hey , who knows . 
  i 'm too lazy to dig deeper . 
  they got to safety before they got on the boat . 
  that 's hardly a punishment if it 's not even aware of its own existence . 
  such a `` child '' has no consciousness whatsoever . 
  same `` punishment '' as preventing the conception from happening in the first place . 
  can you give me a link to your source ? 
  that is some interesting stuff and this time i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  thanks for the info , i had no idea about that . 
  i thought they were mostly austrians . 
  but now i wonder how did they end up in germany ? 
  the tribunal decided that 2 out of 3 chosen by po were unconstitutional . 
  what is not clear to you ? 
  and that choice was deemed unconstitutional by the tribunal and it was nullified . 
  that 's how it is supposed to work . 
  of course . 
  it was n't the same action . 
  po never ignored the ruling of the ct. 
  because not everyone is ready to take on such a responsibility at given time . 
  what 's the difference between having an abortion and using anticonception when in both instances you 're denying a child its life ? 
  an ant is also an innocent life but we deem it not worthy of the effort to watch our every step just in case we might stomp on it . 
  it would be too inconvenient . 
  sure , one should be careful and use anticonception . 
  but it 's not 100 % effective and people make mistakes . 
  what then ? 
  should the law punish people for it ? 
  how many were sent back ? 
  so what country were they fleeing ? 
  hungary ? 
  serbia ? 
  macedonia ? 
  greece ? 
  turkey ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  oh , right , syria !, 
  using anticonception is not letting the child to live , too . 
  well , they 're populists , it 's most likely aimed at their voters . 
  pretending is what they do . 
  either i do n't get your point or you do n't have a clue how politics work . 
  as long as there is no pressure on our government to pay they 're not gon na . 
  our society is n't `` refugee friendly '' and poland is not their destination which in practice means it 's not poland 's problem . 
  at this point the advocating should be taken rather as an advice or a diplomatic move aimed at their voters , not a commitment . 
   germany has always advocated for non-military solutions nice euphemism for doing fuck all . 
   this is no justification for your countries to do nothing . 
  do we need a justification ? 
  our society does n't feel obligated to help them and i do n't blame them . 
  do you know the difference between countries like norway , germany , usa and the v4 ? 
  because the migrants themselves seem to be well aware of it . 
  it does n't make sense to me . 
  nobody is willing to spend money they do n't have to spend and few are more reluctant than germany , even on your own people ( i mean that controversial budget surplus ) . 
  now germany has no choice as the migrants are already there so they are forced to deal with them . 
  i do n't remember your country doing anything to resolve the crysis in syria before it got flooded with immigrants . 
   we still let them join the european union for the greater good what a load of crap . 
  obviously it 's mutually beneficial and tbh i 'd wager that more so for the we countries . 
  no country would give a flying fuck about the fate of syrians and other middle easterners if they were n't in europe already . 
  now they 're here , we have to deal with them somehow . 
  sorry to burst your pretty bubble of political altruism but such thing never existed . 
  the mediterranean does n't stop them and the channel does ? 
  he 's iraqi though . 
  oh boy , that might be the worst . 
  this sub reflects our media . 
  but you 're painting entire ak with what some units did on their own . 
  in my eyes it 's very different from what oun-upa did . 
  if my hero is someone else 's bad guy or vice versa , considering none of us is a bad guy himself , then there 's got ta be some confusion here and it 's ought to be straightened out . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  yeah , i find it sad too , in a way . 
  my grandfather was born there and when he speaks of this city i can almost feel his nostalgia . 
  the thing is there 's no pattern there . 
  and we 're not glorifying people responsible for such crimes which mostly were reprisals anyway . 
  meh , there are n't many poles left in western ukraine so there 's no reason why poland would claim those lands . 
  same with germany and today 's western poland and kaliningrad . 
  not to mention the difference in economic development ( remember german unification ? ) . 
  there 's no point whatsoever even in considering such thing . 
  the diference is that they were not given order from the high command to murder civilians . 
  that was never the objective . 
  the fact that some unit commanders happended to be depraved bastards does n't change the whole picture of the organization . 
  do you think that us army have n't murdered anyone during ww2 ? 
  but we do n't see them as bad guys do we ? 
  what should be done then ? 
  because all i see here is malice and depravity on individual level which could n't possibly be prevented . 
  not by the polish side at least . 
  unfortunately not all ordinary poles living there were saints and many exploited lack of rule of law and general order caused by the war and guess what poland might got the worst of it . 
  that is very low of you . 
  if you do n't agree on something then you should question it or provide your point of view instead of jumping to conclusions right away . 
  it 's clear to me that he 's no nazi and he even wrote that he is ashamed of their crimes ( which for some people would be too much ) . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ?
