  is n't that issue cracow specific ? 
  circumcision is either done for religious reasons or as a treatment . 
  obviously they 're calling to ban the former . 
  why ? 
  we do n't have any analogous saying , strange ... 
  he thought he was going to die soon so perhaps he said it `` just in case '' . 
  or maybe they use a different scale of religiousness for people coming from middle east ? 
  they are not necessarily looked over , they may not apply in the same numbers and usually that 's the case . 
  and then quotas are counter productive and unfair . 
  especially in education . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why do you work in logistics as a historian ? 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  french , japanese , vietnamese . 
  especially the last two . 
  technically there was no war declaration . 
  i would n't use the word `` mock '' . 
  i 'd say that he was calling people out on prasing a book that , in his opinion , does not deserve to be praised and he did that in a very passive manner ( as he said he was n't handing those to anyone ) . 
  even if his act was childish ( which i do n't think it was ) your post is even more so . 
  you mocked him blatantly as `` in his face '' as you could considering the circumstances . 
  i do n't see how his post was childish . 
  yours on the other hand . . 
  umm ... are n't there words like `` germans '' and `` koreans '' ? 
   jan englert the polish actor jan englert ? 
  i think he was dubbed in * osadeni dushi * . 
   my brother had to pay $ 1200 what the ... ? 
  in poland * if you 're not covered * you pay like 200-500 pln depending where and whether there are any complications which is about 50-125 usd, 
  holy shit , that 's pretty awesome !, 
  no offence my czech friends , but personally i find this guy disgusting . 
  in poland we use standard keyboard probably the same they use in uk/usa . 
  you have to go `` alt + o '' to get '' \u00f3 '' etc. 
  hence people sometimes just do n't use polish letters when chatting . 
  have you seen the video where those `` moderate '' rebels shoot at parachuting russian pilot yelling ` allahu akbar ' ? 
  your evasive answer shows exactly why poles have problems with the issue . 
  how would you call a death camp run by poles ? 
  that kind of reasoning always baffles me . 
  `` oh , no , it was n't germany , it was the iii reich ! '', 
  i thought vice-president of usa does a lot of the ceremonial stuff ( i 've watched house of cards , hehe ) . 
  wroclaw is doing great . 
  one of best cities in poland . 
  same here . 
  i do n't know anyone who owns any kind of gun . 
  it 's their culture , i thought it was obvious . 
  you see , the main point is that they are not unwanted . 
  in poland we have literally hundreds of thousands of ukrainian immigrants and they 're welcome . 
  you 're welcome to deport those ungrateful hypocritical bastards anytime . 
  actually that 's exactly how you solve this specific problem , only you fail to do that . 
  in eyes of ee people mmigrants are not the reason they are successful , on the contrary - they are a burden . 
  fine . 
  she can have them all . 
  and whose fault is that ? 
  not double standard , it was politics and pacts . 
  but yeah , polish foreign politics after pilsudski was pathetic . 
  so 70 % of potential immigrants ( only 30 % come from syria ) wo n't have a reason to come to greece . 
  actually they stole 44 tons , of which only 22 got retrieved , because they already managed to sell a half of the stuff in eu countries . 
   he murdered christians because he hated religion . 
  do you have any source on that claim ? 
  do you think stalin ordered to murder people because of his atheistic beliefs ? 
  i guess in polish standards 10k is a considerable population . 
  pure polan ... 
  yes , it did . 
  same in poland . 
  i get stable 50/15 for 6 euro . 
  eastern europe best europe ! ^ if ^ you ^ do n't ^ leave ^ home, 
  not exactly . 
  the point was that the displaced germans were also victims because they were cleansed just like the jews and poles were cleansed . 
  yup , they were also victims but the comparison is absurd . 
  why does this thing always come up as an arguments against poles as if they ever had a claim to these territories and had a say in those expulsions ? 
  same thing happened to eastern poland against its will ffs . 
  and how exactly would they use such card ? 
  is it `` who takes more foreigners '' contest ? 
  because ee does n't want to participate , i thought that was clear . 
  besides , we would take them back gladly . 
  that 's only a legal difference , it does n't change much in practice . 
  why is it dumb ? 
  it shows that we are n't as xenophobic as western media paint us . 
  only if wife has a period . 
  or during ramadan . 
  or if husband has a contagious disease . 
  according to islamic definition of that word that is . 
  edit : actually i was wrong . 
  the islamic definition of rape is a forced sex outside of marriage . 
  so there is no such thing as marital rape in islam . 
  wife is allowed to say no to her husband in the aforementioned cases . 
  if he does not comply then he is commiting a sin but still not rape per se . 
  and immigrant housewives are ? 
  i do n't think so and due to cultural and religious reasons i bet that me immigrant wives do n't work way more often than native ones . 
  would you prefer to live the untermensch life ? 
  because you could if every good person was as willing to defend their values as you are . 
  execpt that they were women and children . 
  you know , the actual war refugees . 
  quite a lot of ukrainian students in rzesz\u00f3w . 
   free trade takes place between equal countries as well and only then it is beneficial for both parties . 
   so poland is n't civilized according to you ? 
  not abortion wise . 
  good for you . 
  why do n't you make more to give it up for adoption ? 
  only in case of rape or when the life of the mother is in danger or when the fetus has a severe defect . 
  otherwise it 's illegal . 
  you 've just killed hundreds of my brain cells you murderer .
