  nothing there about refugees or asylum . 
  try again . 
   the legal obligation to take refugees comes from article 1 of the un . 
  did you just pull that out of your ass ? 
  because there 's not a single word about refugees or asylum in your `` article 1 of the un '' . 
   if the refugees were documented subsequent amendments allow their return when their country is safe or to their last safe country . 
  then why are n't they documented ? 
  why ca n't be they be returned ? 
  right , because they 're lying or not telling where they 're from and have all thrown away their papers because that way they ca n't be returned . 
   please stop lying . 
  yeah , you should . 
   oh fuck off way to prove how immature and uncivilized you are . 
   no , `` just do n't let them in '' is not a sensible immigration policy . 
  letting only those who are really in need , families , those who are really being persecuted and not everyone who shows up at the border in is a sensible immigration policy . 
  right now we are being overrun . 
  it 's simply not sustainable . 
  2/3 court cases are those who entered illegaly suing us for residence permits . 
  the eu wo n't survive another 2015 . 
  do you really want complete chaos for a small sense of temporary moral superiority over those you tell to `` fuck off '' ? 
   lol . 
  it 's actually law that we have to let everyone in . 
  you 're ill-informed . 
  we do n't have to let anyone without papers in . 
  that 's what passports and visas are for . 
  she did n't want ` ugly scenes ' happening at the border to the eu . 
  now we have those ugly scenes inside the eu , and the far-right rising on top of that , thanks to her . 
   she just did n't stop it she started it by proclaiming that under her rule , every syrian would be welcomed and allowed to stay indefinitely in germany . 
  the media cheered and was pushing the narrative of all syrians entering the eu being well educated doctors and engineers . 
  that 's when everybody started throwing away their papers and even africans started claiming to be syrian . 
  and that 's just scratching the surface . 
   refugee welcome ? 
  10 dead per year . 
    if the number of dead would rise to 100 or 1000 , public opinion would change and so would legislative , judicative and executive forces . 
  i see you already forgot paris , brussels , niece , berlin , manchester arena , london bridge . 
  what about the thousands and thousands of rapes ? 
   well encampments are a fraction of the cost per person . 
  not horrific but also not much more than shelter and food . 
  maybe a table tennis table or something . 
  that would n't work because they would start riots . 
  also germany 's past , and the indoctrination of schoolkids , is preventing any kind of camps for foreign nationals to ever be created again on german soil , unless those camps are for its very own citizens . 
  it 's biting us all in the ass . 
  essentially you ca n't do , or even just say , anything . 
  pc has a very firm grip around our throats . 
  admittedly , he did say that it 's not a strategy for prosperity but rather a sure fire way to get us killed even though he just used the more politically correct `` moral imperative '' in that context instead . 
  does n't sound like a good idea if you 're a white woman . 
  sorry , was n't in art school after that . 
  i 'm in stem where you 're taught to think rationally and do n't let emotions take over for some moral superiority that does n't buy you anything . 
  so dog breeds/races are a social construct as well since they can breed among each other ? 
  and here i was , thinking that human races do n't exist . 
  that it 's all just one race with small variances in appearance . 
  because that 's what the ~ ~ education ~ ~ indoctrination in social studies by a young , very open and literally student-loving spd/greens teacher taught me . 
  was she wrong in teaching this ? 
   hungary got into hot water because it made it difficult to request asylum legally . 
  lol . 
  hot water sounds a bit uncomfortable . 
  i 'd say warm water for not following suit in destroying their own country . 
   the refugees , ** if ** the can be integrated into the work force yeah , if , because it sure does n't look like that will ever be the case apart from a few exceptions here and there . 
  probably an input [ type = hidden ] that contained the price . 
  common for post ` ing additional parameters the user does n't need to see or edit . 
  but this does n't mean that they do n't have to be validated . 
  can easily change the type attribute in the console , i sometimes use it to easily see a saved password by setting the input type from password to text - works everywhere . 
  still just a parameter in a query string , except it 's in the request body . 
  :p makes it 10 % harder to tamper with because you 'd have to open the console . 
  but post makes sense . 
   defined the price by the url lol , price as parameter in query string . 
  makes you worry a little about the future though . 
  also reminds me of my inept colleague from a couple years ago , studying physics and dropping out of uni , then looking for jobs to support his family . 
  and somehow he landed a web-dev job in the company i worked at while we were low on manpower . 
  he sure was a loud-mouth and thought he knew everything , but did n't even last a year . 
  boss decided to rewrite most of what he did , delaying projects and the company still suffers from his unmaintainable crap . 
  there definitely needs to be better screening for idiots . 
  the guy looks like a wimp . 
  nobody man enough to throw a chair or two at him ? 
  come on !, 
  sweden , yes !, 
  maybe your money would be better spent in ensuring a future with quality education rather than ideological indoctrination . 
  because this level of ineptness is mind boggling . 
  would be nice to see a breakdown , like a pie-chart , for each country how much of the milk is actually consumed as : * protein driven stuff ( curds ) * fat driven stuff ( butter , cream ) * cheese * actual milk, 
   what about the real victims ? 
  oh , please . 
   some are suggesting germans stop letting refugees in . 
  but this creates more rape because this sends a message to the ** millions of law abiding middle eastern/african germans that they 're not allowed in and that 's going to drive these otherwise good germans to rape even more . 
  ** do you even read what you comment ? 
  why would a german not be `` allowed in '' ? 
   the german people will pay for their discrimination with their anuses and vaginas . 
  but maybe then they will see . 
  if the germans want to stop these rapes , they have to dismantle the oppressive western institution of consent . 
  forgot the / s ? 
  otherwise may i suggest you go commenting in r/islam ? 
  [ there 's lots of u.s. soldiers deployed here , still ( in south-germany ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_army_installations_in_germany ) they tend to get drunk , and well ... 
  crash their cars , beat people up sometimes or commit sexual assault and rape . 
  you only hear from it in police reports and local papers ( if even ) . 
  it may partially be because they face little consequences here , as u.s. soldiers ca n't face regular german court . 
  after the police takes up the case they hand them over to u.s. military police and you never hear from it again . 
  sure , they may face disciplinary action , but you 'll never know . 
  [ read up on testosterone , to get back in touch with reality . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/testosterone ), 
  i do n't take any offence . 
  i just said it was cute that he 's calling me an afd member/voter , which i am neither of .
