  in germany when it came to dealing with the nazi crimes : that had all been hushed up in the ' 50ies after the washed-up denazification , so they enforced many cases to be reinvestigated . 
  for centuries universities have been beacons of innovation and freedom , often resulting in students or professors being reprimanded by civil authorities , but nowadays seen as necessary for the development of democracy ( for example the [ g\u00f6ttingen seven ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%b6ttingen_seven ) ) . 
  oh , ok , i had n't imagined the proportions of it . 
  ( the perspective even enhances your point . ), 
  in this case , a plaque would have been the minimum and a removal probably in order , too . 
  there is a ` heroic ' ww1 memorial in hamburg which was built by the nazis in 1938 ( inscription : ` germany must live , even if we must die ' ) , which was left standing though it 's really controversial ; there 's a plaque and a counter-memorial nearby . 
  today it 's dubbed ' [ the war clump ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=kriegsklotz+hamburg&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp; ) ' , and quite often becomes a target of creative manipulation . 
  thanks for your answer !, 
   ( personally i 'd have removed the statue alltogether ) i prefer the way it was handled , because it turns the monument of his achievement into a memorial of his victims . 
  removing the statue would mean to avoid further reflection of the past . 
  changing it means dealing with it . 
  whoa , that 's terribly appropriate !, 
  was it done officially , or as a private initiative ( bordering on vandalism ) ? 
  whatever fits your bias . 
  do as you like to - but do n't wonder if people react badly , then . 
  i knew exactly what you meant . 
  nevertheless , your way of expressing it was very offensive for the syrians ( remember that dogs are considered foul in islam ) and possibly also for the afghans , that 's why i turned it around . 
  generally spoken , i consider it to be bad style to compare humans to animals . 
  and while you wanted to make it easier to understand for a non-native , you forgot the cultural component of meaning . 
  ( by the way , i made a minor mistake on that behalf as well : while the proverb is indeed about an elephant in a china shop in my native language , it should be a bull in english . ), 
  depends on the tasks . 
  the elephant will surely be your best choice for hard manual labour , but the dog may be better at guarding a china shop , while the cat will work wonders against mice ( which is not the elephant 's strongest side ) . 
  * edit : / s *, 
  the us regularly tried to cajole the eu into letting turkey join ... 
  thanks , that for sure is an interesting read !, 
  the person on the cover is definitely alive ( holding a bottle and a glass up in the air , and drinking ) , that 's the point of it : you may shoot ( some of ) us , but you do n't stop us ( as a whole ) . 
  you 're right - so , quite an example of sarkaraq 's point ... 
  66 years , rather , with a major change 25 years ago . 
  there have been precursors , of course , but focusing on the unification 1871 would indicate that the step from the first empire to the second was larger than that from the second to the republic of weimar or to the bundesrepublik . 
  a boeing could n't start from it , but landing should be possible once . 
  by cut & paste , one might also add the dominican republic and panama ( in two parts , each ) . 
  ... not to confuse with haschtag ( mj day ) ... 
  integrating does n't mean dropping your religion and culture . 
  you might be looking for assimilation or even more . 
  that 's an illusion especially in this case , you ca n't expect that to happen . 
  hopefully , though , they grow in to accept our laws and culture as the prevalent of the country , and arrange themselves with it . 
  if not , we must enforce the laws . 
  the ` marriage of convenience ' is what it needs , hopefully there will become more out of it . 
  i know it is , and this is how i feel - at least sometimes . 
  yes , i am a native , and deeply immersed in our culture , fascinated by nearly every aspect we mentioned before ( < 3 to your user name ) . 
  but i do n't picture the future as black as you do , either - the caliphate of germany wo n't come ( or if so , it wo n't be what we would think it to be nowadays ) ; and even if it became a muslim dominated society it still would contain more of these values than you think - it might rather become the cultural melting pot spain and persia were in the late middle ages , still preserving its history and making the best of it , than the islamofascist shithole isis creates . 
  at least that is what those who are coming now and who are asking for our help , fled from . 
  afaik , the us are nearly the only western/first world country with a growing population ( and even there , it 's mostly due to the hispanic immigrants , is n't it ? ) . 
  i do n't see negative population growth as a fading fad of the `` strong feminist left '' , but as a result of wealth ; so i expect it to happen to our immigrants , as well - but only if we give them the chance to build themselves a life . 
  ( one might compare the situation to israel , where the palestinians still have a much higher population growth corresponding with their lower life standard ) . 
  anyways we 've got to keep to our values , our belief , our history , our religion . 
  this also means compassion , whatever it might cost . 
  if we board up our doors , the flood might pass . 
  but we 'd lose our humanity , and that 's not worth it . 
   a population that is n't willing to integrate have you got any sources or at least personal experience on that ? 
  so far , it 's just a statement , and quite a trivializing one , to be honest . 
  the people who are coming need help , they need a safe harbour , a basis on which they can rebuild their existence . 
  we can provide some of it , and it is our responsibility to do so , as our secular and religious leading principles both clearly state . 
  of course the refugees prefer the countries that offer them the best chances . 
  i would n't act differently . 
  if you have to give up your life and move to a completely different culture , if you left a war-ridden country and crossed the mediterranean sea in an overcrowded ` seelenverk\u00e4ufer ' ( unseaworthy boat ) you wo n't care whether you have to cross some more borders until you reach the country you want to take refuge in . 
  they know that their job chances in germany are much better than in most countries on their way , and that at least a large part of the population ( and government ) is willing to help them . 
  so , their behaviour is simply logical . 
  and yes , i 'm very concerned about the changes such a large influx may bring . 
  at the moment , it 's mostly that a part of our society rapidly develops a racism and far-right positions we hoped to have overcome since 1945 . 
  there have been man-hunts on refugees by groups of young men with baseball bats on the streets of magdeburg , for example , and hundreds of attacks on ( destined ) refugee shelters . 
  so far , there have been very few troubles with refugees , but a tremendous rise on right-wing crimes . 
  also , we are losing the public cohesion - a large subgroup of our population is n't available to politics and media , any more . 
  they only want to listen to their fear-mongering and hate-preaching leaders . 
  the situation is really explosive , but that is not the refugee 's fault , but in large parts follows a long-term plan by nationalist parties that carefully tempered down their public statements in order to gain more influence . 
  http://www.bpb.de/politik/extremismus/rechtsextremismus/41435/die-neue-rechte-in-der-bundesrepublik?p=all thanks for your comment on the german culture !, 
  i love it as well , and wish to preserve it . 
  sadly , it has been dying for a long time , already . 
  a large part of that is hitler 's fault - it would go too far to explain it in detail here , where it will be downvoted for my opinions , anyways , but 19th and early 20th century german culture to a very large degree depended on the highly over-proportional engagement of jewish artists , scientists , maecens and concert guests , which was deliberately crushed out by the nazis . 
  also , of course , their atrocities defiled everything german to ourselves and in the eyes of others , still making it difficult to truly feel comfortable with it . 
  as a result of that , the german folk song tradition dead . 
  they are n't sung in the schools , and not in the families , either . 
  german literature is seen as a chore , and in my generation the interest in classical music , in drama , opera , in our historical heritage is very low . 
  christianity ? 
  nobody really cares , apart from political exploitation . 
  that 's all without exterior influence . 
  we lost it all by ourselves . 
  also , the native german population is dwindling . 
  there 's apparently nothing that we can do against it , so we just have to ask whether we want to downsize our industries and become a country of nursing homes , or admit immigration . 
  in some ways , this situation might be a chance . 
  yes , there will be change , but there would be , either way . 
  i 'm sorry about it , but i wo n't close my eyes to the inevitable . 
   from my experience muslim business owners are reluctant to hire women . 
  that will have to change . 
  a hundred years ago , my great-great-grandfather personally laid off female employees when he found out that his chief clerk had hired them . 
  his son already thought differently on the matter , though probably women would n't have reached a leading position . 
  it 's a question of laws , and of mentality . 
  i do n't know how sweden handles it , and i can only hope that it will turn out better than in your experience . 
  but keep in mind that only a part of the refugees are muslims and that they come from varying cultural backgrounds . 
  urban syria is much more open towards women rights than rural afghanistan . 
  but anyways , we 'll have to deal with it . 
  their influence on law making is limited by the basic law , which takes gender equality as a fixed constant . 
  also will require them to become full citizens , which presupposes eight years of permanent residence , lawfulness and the naturalisation test , additionally they 'll have to give up their former nationality . 
  we must strive to propagate our values , and enforce them , if necessary . 
   lack of consensus so , let 's say , incest and sexual acts between minors . 
  anyways , i think my point is clear : our position is founded on cultural values , as well ; we should neither forget this fact nor the values themselves . 
  it was n't the state of bavaria , but the headmaster of a school near passau ( that serves as a first reception center ) who recommended it in a letter to the parents . 
  `` so you 're wrong '', 
  do you think 2 billion people would come ? 
  of course not .
