well no !, 
  there were many people who said that everything 's fine and done and `` we do n't want to hear anything more about it '' as early as 1950 . 
  that was when lots and lots of second-rank ns leaders still held strong positions in the administration , in politics , in the universities , in justice and in major firms . 
  they formed networks of denial and white-washing , and of course they said that it 's `` too much '' denazification . 
  in fact there are lots of stories about emigrants who were denied any positions when they came back , who were thin-veiledly treated as traitors . 
  so i 'd regard these 1950ies fdp and cdu politicians ' statements with very much care . 
  i 'm far from being a fan of the 1968s movement because of their delusion on many points , but with their criticism of nazis still being in office they were spot-on . 
  of course we are , whatever we do - even while praying the `` our mother '' ... 
  op refers to racial segregation in the us - formerly afro americans had to sit in the back of buses . 
  thus he transfers a meme to sweden without deeper knowledge of the situation there , in order to show white females as victims of racist suppression . 
  [ it seems so ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europeanfederalists/comments/603hoy/pulse_of_europe_is_also_in_austria_vienna_ireland/ ) . 
  ok , i agree that it takes a lot of oppression to keep these systems running . 
  on the other hand , it might get easier if a relevant part of the population has a quasi-religious belief that would cover that ` authoritarian measures are necessary if the leader says so ' . 
  personal hardship wo n't erode the support of an authoritarian leader . 
  do n't forget how cuba and north korea prevailed throughout decades of nearly total economical isolation . 
  ( or , to take a different example , the vanity even of ` moral bombings ' of cities in ww2 - that only reinforced the regime . ), 
  so , i guess we need to spread information , reeducation , propaganda , whatever is possible - and play for the long game . 
  popular newspaper that may or may not protect you against uv radiance . 
  these tree borders are typical of northern germany . 
  they are called knick , and result from the farmer 's regular disposal of boulders and stones at the fields borders , growing and becoming overgrown over the centuries . 
  war related , [ for sure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rheinwiesenlager ) . 
  possibly - but in fact eastern germany mostly tried to weed out the nazi officials in ` justice ' and quickly implement their own murderous ` justice ' officials . 
  well , the eu could provide money , not brains ... 
  at least that 's a language we all understand , too . 
  artworks should n't be seen isolated !, 
  throughout history , artists influenced each other , transcending national borders , periods and sometimes also cultural spheres . 
  large collections enable the visitors to perceive this , and to become aware of cultural specifics as well as common ground . 
  museums are a wonderful place to empathise with some of the greatest achievements of humanity in total . 
  by renationalising art you would lose this chance , and estrange the cultures . 
  also , lots of artworks were destroyed and lost in wars , fires etc. , so diversification might save at least some works somewhere else . 
   `` iraqis should be sent straight back since * their country is not at war * , '' a metal worker and one of the organisers of the border protest , eero yrjanheikki , told afp . 
  right , according to bush , probably . 
  is n't it more probable that a decent amount of it gets ` destroyed ' or ` lost ' there in order to reappear in syria ? 
  that 's the same in germany , where acceptance towards immigrants and foreigners is much lower in the new federal states ( the former east german ones ) , though they have got a much lower percentage of them . 
  that 's exactly where i tried to help  - and it 's neither mine . 
  thanks for the civilized discussion , by the way . 
  and yes , indeed , especially if he could run over water or something like that . 
  as i said before , i did n't downvote you - i tried to understand what you mean , and to explain to you why ( imo ) people downvoted you . 
  person a apparently wanted to kill the jews ( `` the jews would be integrated in no time !, 
  and even if that does n't work out , we kept the camps , like bergen-belsen . 
  so we have a way of dealing with it . 
  '' ) , and you stated that he is n't wrong . 
  your tl ; dr cleared it up now for me , but since quite a few others downvoted you or stated their confusion before , perhaps you should n't blame me or others for `` not thinking '' . 
  killing all jews would n't ` solve ' the `` muslim question '' . 
  the current struggles are inner-islamic or muslim vs. secular authority . 
  some of the protagonists occasionally refer to israel as scapegoats , but the jewish ` influence ' on the situation in syria is scarce imo . 
  and by no means can european extremist haters solve anything , least of all the middle east conflict ( s ) , of which they do n't know anything . 
  you started with `` he is n't wrong '' , which probably most readers related to op 's person a , and did n't read further . 
  person a is definitely wrong on many levels . 
  i 'm too confused by your post to vote . 
  the passage fee for one refugee is probably higher than the price of one of these boats , barely floating as they are . 
  the advertising text is such a scam ... `` from petershagen ( weser ) to lisbon in 6 days '' , `` can be built in a month '' , `` will cost just 400 thaler , if the timber is for free '' , `` the invention is no hasty thought , but ripely considered '' - but no details of the drive given ... 
  :-) tfw when a briton states it, 
  the fact that they were well-off before they had to flee indicates that they are * not * economical migrants . 
  you would n't leave your nice house taking with you only as much as you can carry if the situation was n't life-threatening . 
  since the trains come from other schengen countries , there are no regular border controls . 
  and for sending too many second-rate politicians to ( seemingly , or formerly ) ` unimportant ' european institutions . 
   usa also did n't cause a war in syria . 
  is would n't be a thing without the us invasion of iraq . 
  yes , europe , especially britain , is responsible for many borders in the middle east , also because the us were still too unimportant and self-absorbed until most of them were drawn . 
  but that historical liability does n't lessen the usa 's actual responsibility for the situation which stems from their longtime support of assad , of saudi arabia , of israel - and of their tendency to be entangled ( to say the least ) in wars in the region . 
  to be fair , they only saw l\u00fcbeck main station , which is n't that much of a looker . 
  if they 'd stopped in [ uelzen ] ( http://www.tripadvisor.de/attraction_review-g659319-d1868471-reviews-hundertwasser_bahnhof-uelzen_lower_saxony.html ) , on the other hand ... ;-), 
  wow , that 's nearly a third of what russia took !, 
  op 's comment was sarcastic . 
  the mosques saudi arabia finances in other countries regularly follow their fundamentalist wahhabite sect . 
  so , they help not at all . 
  that has changed recently , now it 's just three months for asylum seekers - but the employer has to prove that there was no german or approved refugee fit for the job . 
  hopefully they 've got a nice carillon !, 
  i never said `` most '' , but `` many '' . 
  i wo n't change your views , which are full of allegations that i do n't share ( `` not refugees but economic migrants '' , `` demanding '' , `` that is what [ they ] are after '' ) . 
  i agree that the situation is less than ideal , people do feel left alone with problems they ca n't cope with - and we need an open discourse on the type of society we strive for . 
  of course we must differentiate between grades of need ; we ca n't offer a better life for everybody . 
  but it is also our responsibility to help as much as we can , to share our wealth , to offer protection . 
  and the thing that many people do n't understand is that this is vital for us as well . 
  they do n't bring nothing , they are valuable for us . 
  if we manage to integrate them , give them a perspective and an education for their children , there is a good chance that our values will spread , that they will share them when some of them return to their countries of birth and make them liveable again . 
  nobody leaves his homeland just for fun . 
  they come because they have to . 
  the alternative to offering help is building a wall with spring guns and mines to the outside , and an ageing , incrusted population on the inside . 
  we had that somewhere , i think . 
  it did n't work too well . 
  of course it is difficult to determine whether someone 's degree is equal to its german counterpart . 
  but we must quickly find adaptible solutions for that , or we 'll waste their potential . 
  i also believe in adequate work as a supplemental trauma therapy - if we do n't accept their competence , we must treat them ( longer ) . 
  i have n't got statistics at hand - but i 've talked to several of them , e.g. 
  a young bank manager and a law student , both from syria . 
  they were motivated , but they told me that it is very difficult to get recognized ( the work permit , not to talk of their qualification ) . 
  refugees who applied for asylum are n't allowed to work for the first three months - that 's a recent improvement : until last year , they had to wait a full year for the permit !, 
  and still , if they find a job in the first 15 months , the employer must prove in a six week phase that he could n't find a german or a `` higher privileged '' non-german with equal qualification . 
  that 's too much trouble for many employers , and makes it difficult for refugees to find a legal job . 
  many of the refugees are highly skilled and want to work . 
  ( alone the fact that they managed to flee shows their deliberation and that they were n't without money in the beginning . ), 
  just our laws do n't permit them to , until they 've finally lost their motivation . 
  they need some help to get started with the language and culture , of course . 
  but this hateful speech about `` demanding support '' and `` abusing trust '' helps neither ` us ' nor ` them ' , it only destroys chances for all of us . 
  there are so many dying villages ( especially , but not only in the east ) where immigrants could build up a new life , if we 'd let them . 
  there are also lots of opportunities in the cities - remember that we still have a very low birth rate . 
  we must overcome our limited , xenophobic views and find a way to make it work together . 
  i 'd say the best are not to be discovered , ever .
