  while you are retarded in your reasoning in support of gif , the major issue here is less data caps , less storage , more bandwidth . 
  3g is gon na get you even less than adsl , which is going to take you even longer to load what should be instantaneous , particularly in populated areas . 
  now back to why your reasoning is retarded . 
  you see that difference in size ? 
  29mb to 3mb . 
  close to ten times the size . 
  my movies range anywhere from 2gb to 10gb , i sure as hell do n't want to have to keep 100gb saved to disk where i could have 10gb . 
  shit , some people have data caps of 100gb . 
  and yes , this is a plausible issue , as people like to save gifs . 
  some people like to save thousands of gifs . 
  to use on imageboards . 
  4chan just moved to webm , and is already reaping the benefits . 
  well sorry mr.south korea , but i do n't think many people are willing to move to different countries for the sole purpose of getting faster internet . 
  i think you fail to realise that most * countries * have slower speeds , not just locations inside of countries . 
  hell , moving houses is a big enough ask , and many houses in the us could n't get faster internet if they wanted to . 
  similarly , most countries do n't have 4g , or even 4g at any reasonable speeds , which invalidates your `` just get better internet ! '', 
  argument . 
  you also seem to be impressively retarded when it comes to understanding image compression . 
  a 3mb h264 file has the same image quality as a 30mb gif file , meaning that if you had even a 6mb h264 file , you would have double the quality of a 30mb gif file . 
  so not only am i saving an order of magnitude more space than you , in the same space i can get an order of magnitude better quality than you . 
  i think that 's a tantalising benefit . 
  if the source provides no standard deviation , the statistic is worthless . 
  what if the standard deviation is 17mb ? 
  then over 30 % of internet users around the world have .49 mb . 
  stop thinking in terms of south korea and realise that the world is not a median . 
  nice empirical evidence , by the way . 
  if i go to some coasts of new zealand , i get * no internet * . 
  see where empirical evidence breaks down ? 
  you can reject it with literally any other piece of empirical evidence . 
  you clearly misunderstand image compression . 
  op had an original source , and compressed into both gif and h264 . 
  compressing from source will give you two different files , both lossily compressing , and if done correctly , both having around the same ssim and other objective and subjective quality metrics ( in this case though , gif has impressively bad ssim , so it 's almost impossible to not get a better looking h264 file than a gif ), 
  compressing from source to two files with the same ssim will give you two files which look the same . 
  if one file is 3mb while the other is 30mb , then one is an order of magnitude different , and * looks the same * . 
  the effect of this is that , you could for example encode a 4k h264 video with the same quality as a 240p gif ( and 240p could be considered its own artefact ) . 
  do you watch your movies in 240p or something ? 
  the most hilarious part about all of this is that you are assuming gif even looks * marginally * as good as h264 , as gif can only animate with 8 bits of colour , where h264 can animate with 24 bits of colour . 
  now here 's the big question . 
  what codec are your movies ? 
  are you telling me that encoding a dvd or blu-ray to gif will look * better * than 10bit ( per colour , or 30bit ) h264 ? 
  i bet you are still using 8bit h264 too , which means you 're full of shit when you say you enjoy quality . 
  if the source provides no standard deviation , the statistic is worthless . 
  what if the standard deviation is 17mb ? 
  then over 30 % of internet users around the world have .49 mb . 
  stop thinking in terms of south korea and realise that the world is not a median . 
  if you show me some real statistics , i might actually be able to start discussing real facts with you , but for now i 'm sticking to the facts which i already know . 
   looking similar and being exactly similar are not the same thing, 
  now you 're just splitting hairs . 
  if you are getting the same subjective quality between two images , you are getting the same quality . 
  and no , i was discussing an original file being compressed into a, 
  * 3mb h264, 
  not original  gif  h264 , so i do n't know what you thought i was discussing . 
  nevertheless , i am impressed at how you managed to completely avoid my entire argument as to why the 29mb gif not only is an order of magnitude larger , but also looks * worse * . 
  feel free to reread my previous comments if you wish to understand why this is the case . 
  if you are willing to accept that under no circumstance should 29gb gifs exist in a world where 3mb h264 's exist , then i think you can start moving away from baseless arguments . 
  if you can accept that , we can then move towards discussing something less clear-cut , which is whether you even * need * a 29mb h264 file where you are getting all the necessary information from a 3mb one , particularly considering the diminishing returns and the speed at which you consume content on the internet . 
  and yet again , you seem to be ignoring the entire basis for my chastising . 
  you have provided average data . 
  wonderful . 
  50 % of data is below median data . 
  before you argue that this is mean data and not median data , why do n't you actually show me the standard deviation , or median , or anything useful in this data ? 
   what if the standard deviation is 17mb ? 
  then over 30 % of internet users around the world have .49 mbps, 
  the fact that you have not given me any facts to actually consider except `` averages '' which mean nothing here , is at best cannon fodder . 
  if you do n't know how statistics works , then we can leave that point to rest then , as in this case you would n't necessarily understand the lack of information presented in the linked data . 
  if you do know how statistics works , then feel free to direct me to some actually useful data which could convince me of something . 
  like say , `` only a negligible number of people could n't download aforementioned gif in real-time '' or something . 
   easy to find on the source webpage, 
  i 'm sure you will be able to link me to this , then . 
  i think you are misunderstanding me on a fundamentally different level . 
  ssim is for all intents and purposes * the benchmark * for the objective quality of a source . 
  what this means , is that a 30mb gif and 3mb h264 has fundamentally , absolutely and inarguably , at best * the same quality * , on a mathematical , scientific and human level . 
  in practise , the 3mb h264 looks even * better * than the gif due to the bit depth of gif being only 1/3 that of h264 ( gif can at best display 256 colours ) . 
  with exception to the fundamental limits of gif , to say given two images compressed to the same ssim , that one looked better than the other , is like saying diamond-plated sound cables are better than gold-plated ones . 
  it 's probably at best cognitive bias . 
  now , if we were taking tangentially , and were comparing a 3mb h264 to * another h264 file * , which itself was 29mb , then we could actually discuss something meaningful . 
  right now you 're essentially arguing that 10 kilograms of silicon is more valuable than 1 kilogram of gold . 
  it has more atoms , sure . 
  gold is still more valuable . 
  if finding actual useful statistics in that data is trivial , then i welcome you to show me . 
  at this stage i am assuming that the fact that you have not actually provided useful statistics implies that it is non-trivial , but you are welcome to prove otherwise . 
  it 's also kind of impressive that you managed to take equal footing and start chastising me for not spending the time to calculate information , despite not even supporting your own claims . 
  at best , `` go find it yourself '' implies you do not know anything , at worst you could be intentionally misleading . 
  it 's awesome that you decided to actually argue something useful besides formats , but before we begin of course , it is important that we have some real facts to actually discuss . 
  i think it 's unambiguously clear that as long as you can not prove that an insignificant number of people do not have access to reasonable internet , your argument is invalid . 
  if it was n't 1am i do n't think i could contain my laughter right now . 
  you 're telling me that you are not willing to prove that an insignificant number of people have bad internet , yet are complaining that i am not being reasonable ? 
  you even had a chance to make me look stupid and explain how standard deviation works , and then calculate it . 
  for practical purposes , i 'm going to say that i just cauculated the standard deviation and i found it to be 16mbps . 
  that means that over 16 % , a very * significant number * of internet users have internet below * 1500kbps * , far below any reasonable speed to allow for high-bitrate files when quickly browsing the internet . 
  assuming all of these statistics are accurate , that is * irrefutable evidence * that a significant number of internet users would have a hampered internet experience if bitrates were dedicated to the megabit-elites of the world . 
  that 's not even beginning to discuss the selection bias of taking statistics from speedtest.net, 
  if that was n't what you were saying , then do you have evidence that the display industry definition of 4k is as clear cut as the film industry definition ? 
  wikipedia itself , linked earlier , is one branch of evidence suggesting that 4k in the display industry is not clear cut . 
  the big thing people do n't seem to think about when they read `` tn '' is that the quality of displays is on a spectrum of sorts , where tn ranges from bad to good , va from okay to great , and ips from good to great . 
  not only is there no clear cut `` tn is bad '' or `` va is great '' , but the quality of any particular type has overlap in its spectrum . 
  what we should really be discussing is measured viewing angles , color accuracy and response times . 
  except that if cross-platform multiplayer was a thing on consoles , you could just have a better experience playing a pc version with couch-play enhancing mods . 
  this is treating the symptom rather than the problem . 
  my favorite argument for preservation is that languages are very closely tied to culture , and analyzing a language is much easier than searching for clues and `` maybes '' in past culture by digging stuff from the ground .
