  my main is ice climbers . . 
  in premise for sure , but it 's like kerning , you only make it worse if you make it a mission to take note of technical mistakes . 
  your sourcing of wikipedia does n't help , as the hypercorrection article does very little to aid the notion that whom is a consistent , unanimous example . 
  it is fantastic that you went to such lengths to point out features of linguistic study , but i would be more interested in either specific or full bodied sources on those topics . 
  wikipedia articles on these sorts of things only tend to provide a brief description of the topic followed by a short criticism of some aspect of that topic . 
  the `` asian '' free to play model has already tried and failed in pc gaming in the west , and you dont have to look very far . 
  games like battlefield heroes , and the countless dead mmos tried to take that system to heart and died in a matter of years . 
  western gamers quite simply have a completely different mindset when it comes to games . 
  if a game is free to play , and the game is n't playable in the free state people will just not play it . 
  western gamers expect more of a demo-like experience from `` freemium '' games , where you can enjoy the core game and buy into a flashy shell . 
  the same obviously can not be said for mobile or console platforms , as the broader userbase can and does react quite differently , but even then western mobile freemium games tend to be `` whale hunters '' that try to snag a few vulnerable people who will pay exorbitant amounts of money . 
  the whale hunting model is inherently unstable as there are only so many whales , so developers have to create new games more frequently , which may or may not catch on to the same success . 
  you see that with the `` big game '' of the quarter that snags some indie and/or some corporation huge amounts of money before plateauing . 
  liquipedia is often considered to be the hallmark of esports wikis , as team liquid is an esports sponsor and has a mandate to provide quality coverage on all the games they work with . 
  since they are getting into smash , they are ramping up the coverage to be on the same professional level as all their other sports . 
  league and the other ones you mention are exactly the other sort of game that i was describing however . 
  the core experience of league , starcraft , team fortress and others like it are fully accessible and enjoyable by everyone . 
  you are getting the core for free and buying into an outer shell , rather than the asian model where you are fed a fraction and essentially punished for not buying into the game . 
  starcraft as in sc2 , is [ free ] ( https://us.battle.net/account/sc2/starter-edition/ ) in terms of the core components . 
  you are missing stuff like ladder but the arcade , friendly matches and first part of the campaign is all there and functional for free . 
  maybe less of the `` core and shell '' concept i alluded to , but the same idea of giving the core gameplay stands . 
  let 's say it is priced to market expectations , like many things . 
  seriously though . 
  not hating on love live , but that plot , character set and art style has been done to death at this point . 
  the fact that it is getting monstrous sales is both impressive and weird . 
  i guess it 's just a shame that you see otaku buying into the same stuff every year , and kudos for the production on capitalising on that . 
  mind you 4k cameras today are about as expensive as 1080p cameras 4 years ago , so it 's not that unrealistic a proposition . 
  you know you 're having problems when every single contemporary speedsub has better typesetting than an official trailer . 
  [ some say it is the perfect game . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnztj1ulkqs ), 
   are n't analog and digital, 
  wait , so are they digital ? 
  seriously , most people 's media player setups have better upscaling than crunchyroll at this point ( lanczos at least , some jinc or even nnedix ), 
  there are so many easy hurdles crunchyroll could pass to get people out of fansubs , but they just seem weirdly unwilling . 
  it 's not like creating an optimal javascript media player is even that difficult , thanks to asm.js . 
  i know , i was confused as to what `` are n't analog and digital '' was supposed to mean . 
  so they 're not both analog and digital , so they are one or the other ? 
  it 's not working yet for firefox either , in neither the flash or html5 players for me . 
  downloading the file get me proper 60fps . 
  i 'd assume it was n't rated as highly simply because people do n't really think about it , because racial slurs as a concept either does n't exist here , or are at best comedic ( ie `` cheeky poly '' `` mouldy '' `` pakeha '' ) . 
  if it 's not present in even informal language , you do n't really consider the offensiveness of it . 
  what differentiates this from every android pico projector ever ? 
  so what 's the value proposition for this then ? 
  not only could you just connect an old android device to a pico projector , there are already several android devices with pico projector outputs . 
  iirc there are only 5-10 devs all up , porting it over would take a not-insignificant amount of time and for its main use ( tournaments , netplay ) it 's a non issue . 
  plus if they port it over now , they now have to update two separate versions of the game , which is not a good use of their time . 
  if supporting both versions was as simple as copying and pasting the new code , i 'm sure they would already be doing it . 
  why would you call it an mp4 though ? 
  that 's like calling jpegs a png . 
  not entirely wrong , but still wrong . 
  similarly , why would you call it an html5 ? 
  more or less every other file format is named after its file extension/container , be it mp4 , mp3 , ogg , jpeg , gif , png , etc. 
  calling webm an html5 is like calling an mp4 a cabac . 
  interesting acronym , but still wrong . 
  if sakurai pulled that i would literally eat my own sandwich . 
  while i 'm basically splitting hairs , they could be referring to the `` concept '' of html5 video , which does n't necessarily restrict itself to webm . 
  nevertheless they exclusively use webms on the site , so i probably could call them out on it . 
  whether it was a conscious decision from them or not , there is a point to be made that no one can agree on what `` html5 video '' should be . 
  most people agree webm is the answer , but the likes of microsoft , apple and nokia all want mp4 to be it ( because they own royalties ) . 
  youtube is transitioning , if not already vp9 , which is webm . 
  technically it 's safe to call it html5 video , but it 's only html5 video when you are using internet explorer or safari . 
  on your usual web browsers ( firefox , chrome , opera ) , it 's all webm . 
  in fact many sites with `` html5 video '' exclusively use webm , ie 4chan . 
  in fact the only reason other file containers are used instead of webm ( namely mp4 ) is because again , microsoft and apple do n't want webm to contain anything except vp8/vp9 , because then they can be against webm and tout mp4 ( h264 , h265 , vc1 , all codecs microsoft/apple have royalties in ) instead , despite being an inferior container format . 
  all in all , the title `` html5 video '' is essentially just a stopgap until microsoft and apple agree to use webm . 
  it does n't follow any other naming convention ever , and it is n't a `` format '' like any other media we refer to . 
  the next generation of video ( daala ) is being developed by xiph however , and will hopefully come around in a few years time and become the standard . 
  it will use webm . 
  how fast is that in km/h ? 
  i mean it 's better than `` digital natives '' , but you 're exactly right . 
  put your policy where your mouth is and actually do some politics that makes young people interested . 
  and people think it 's mysterious that internet party ( was ) and greens is popular with young people . . 
  the solutions seems deceptively simple to me , just have each store deliver to their locale . . 
  interesing how large an overlap there is between / r/badlinguistics and / r/vexillology . 
  i guess being interested in niche topics makes you more interested in other niche topics . 
  while it 's entirely fixable , the problem at hand is more of a latency thing than a bad collision thing . 
  this never happens with ping < ~ 100 . 
  you could probably also likely create a server-side script that `` picks up '' players that fall down . 
  from personal experience it seemed to work better to not move at all . 
  it 's not like the telcos are hurting for cash , it would be nice if they actually invested in . . 
  i do n't know . . rolling out more towers faster . 
  without 2degrees cutting at their bottom line i doubt telecom and vodafone would have even bothered with 1gb plans . 
  he certainly could be , but anything  5 '' visibly benefits from 720p video ,  8 '' 1080p , so pretty much any phablet or tablet . 
  the whole `` no one would actually use * [ bandwidth ] * '' is a stupid argument . 
  give me 10 gigabit mobile internet and i would adjust my lifestyle to max it constantly , ie * compressed * ultra high resolution lighting and texture streaming in games . 
  i should n't even really be asking about hamilton . 
  my second point was a general comment , you did n't need to take it personally but eh . 
  you seem to be basing your misguided comment on the notion that data needs to be conserved . 
  you can correct me if i 'm wrong , but this seems to be the case . 
  why , on a mobile data connection ? 
  i can think of thousands of reasons why , but for the sake of it let 's try and think * why not * ? 
   you might quickly use your quota of data, 
  assuming telcos were n't arses and gave you unlimited data , this would be a non-issue . 
   you might use up the bandwidth of the nearest cell tower, 
  assuming telcos were not scrooge-mcduck and rolled out more towers this would again be a non-issue . 
  as far as i know , vodafone and telecom are right up there with skycity in terms of profits , at least that 's how it is in the us and canada . 
  it 's two sides of the same coin at least , millions of people paying for a limited amount of an unlimited resource , vs thousands of people paying everything they have for a limited amount of an unlimited resource . 
   maximising * [ high bandwidth activity ] * in an airport , or a subway , or a car , or a park , or * [ location outside house ] * is a waste of bandwidth . 
  again i do n't get this argument . 
  why should you have to be at home to get quality internet service ?
