  so if it is blocking more unwanted trackers than disconnect at any point in time , overall it is a more effective blocker ? 
  i 'm all for moeguys , we have plenty of moegirls already , can we really complain ? 
  the 3ds is selling just fine , nintendo always has a knack for handhelds at the very least , and even if the wii u is a sales blunder , they can ride through this and even next generation with handheld sales and their cash pool alone ( see : gamecube ), 
  many of the original concepts from starfox 2 got absorbed by later games like 64 and ds . 
  i believe they halted development because the nintendo 64 was so close to launch and they wanted to make sure it had a solid lineup . 
  as long as you interact with it , and your interactions have an effect in game ( i would n't say affects the outcome , because not all games even have fail/alt states ) , then i think it is a game . 
  in any case i do n't think anyone can purely draw a line in the sand and say `` beyond this point this is no longer a game '' , plus it effectively separates an already underrepresented genre over here . 
  steins ; gate is by far one of my favorite visual novels/animes though . 
  has many interesting concepts going on , and the setting is perfect for a `` choose your outcome '' style of interaction . 
  if it 's anything like [ source surfing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n64iguifmc ) , i 'm all for it . 
  if real life had sv_airaccelerate we would enter a whole new era of sports i tell you . 
  well , a new era of everything . 
  physics would be hella cool . 
  as i said i do n't think it 's fair to just draw a line in the sand and call a game with many , few or no effective interactions a game or not , there are definitely gray areas in that regard . 
  the first 1/3 of the game is basically the anime , so you wo n't spend too much time to get the `` core '' plot of it . 
  it will likely depend on whether it 's written from scratch or not . 
  while it might retain some movement concepts , the underlying quirks come from quake engine . 
  regardless i agree they better keep those or some other quirks in . 
  i would legit play a sourcemod centered entirely around more accessible surfing in more complex levels . 
  i 'll preface this by mentioning i did not grow up with digimon , or a whole lot of anime in general . 
  i feel like i 'm in a minority when i think the movie was n't engaging at all . 
  first and foremost by watering the main cast into a 20-something family you really lose sight of what makes each individual character complex . 
  people praise the `` two worlds collide '' concept like it makes the best of both , but i feel it made two mediocre settings . 
  likewise i felt the `` virtual world '' was handled pretty poorly ( maybe it 's similar to digimon ? 
  i guess that 's why people like it ? ), 
  where they might establish some rules here to make the plot more confined , but ignore rules elsewhere to make it more dramatic . 
  on one hand there is claim of absurdity for drama , but on the other rules are made to constrain the characters , which are n't even consistently followed . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too in that regard , in my opinion . 
  do n't get me wrong i loved the visual style of it , but rather than using the systems mechanics all the time they would generally fall back on metaphors to indicate the situation , which is really just bad writing and opens up tons of plot holes . 
  here are some examples of poorly thought out criticisms of mechanical holes . 
  [ ] ( / s `` why can you eat accounts in the first place ? 
  if you already have access to oz why does eating other accounts make you stronger ? ), 
  why do you need a supercomputer to place clip barriers around an ai ? 
  why does it become trapped if it has access to oz ? 
  is there a reason it cant copy itself ? 
  if the supercomputer is a metaphor for strength , should n't the virus already be stronger considering it has control of oz ? 
  why can you duel for accounts in the first place , did the developers plan for this situation from the start ? 
  why does the environment spontaneously evolve to suit battles perfectly ? 
  why is this one family seemingly the only group in society doing anything meaningful to stop the onslaught ? ), 
  a reviewer on mal by the name of uriel1988 sums up the clash of plot devices nicely . 
   - it fails as a romance story because the whole plotline is trite and forced . 
  the lovebirds-to-be are complete anime-stereotypes ( nerdy nice guy and cheerful nice girl ) who lack any kind of believable chemistry . 
  initially the whole thing just feels like a plot-device to set the plot in motion . 
  then the middle act all but drops it . 
  finally , the end of the film also concludes the love story in the cheesiest way imaginable . 
  that would n't have been so bad in and of itself but it does n't feel believable . 
  the 2 characters in question are n't shown growing towards one another and learning to understand each other better . 
  they just love each other when the plot needs them to . 
  - it fails as a family drama because an overwhelming majority of the characters is painfully one-dimensional . 
  they 're just caricatures who stand in the background and occasionally showcase their one personality quirk . 
  the few who do n't fall victim to this are n't particularly interesting either , and are often no more than devices to shove the aforementioned crappy love-story in certain directions . 
  the only somewhat interesting element in this plot-thread is a subplot dealing with a bastard-child who was branded an outcast of the family ; but this thread is ultimately resolved in a sentimental manner . 
  - it fails as an action-packed blockbuster because most of the fights are n't very interesting . 
  the idea of having avatars do battle against a computer virus within oz allowed for the makers to go crazy , and there are 2 or 3 spots where some creativity is showcased in regards to having fighters transform the arena to better suit their purposed . 
  but as it goes on any semblance of choreography or creativity is thrown out of the window in favor or giant punches fuelled by the power of love and friendship . 
  it 's sad that the best choreographed fight is a short demonstration early on in the film . 
  summer wars sadly fails to avoid the usual anime-clich\u00e9 where fights get less creative when the power-levels are increased . 
  maybe you can have a family drama , love story and scifi action rolled into one , but this film is not the one to achieve it . 
  he also recommends the girl who leapt through time if you want a more developed romance aspect , haibane renmei if you want a more developed surrogate family aspect , and dennou coil ( which i can personally attest to ) if you want a better developed `` two worlds '' technical aspect . 
  exactly , the key plot points and character interactions seem to fall back far too easily to tropes we know all too well . 
  for me it did a horrendous job of suspending disbelief ( i hear it 's similar to digimon which i have n't watched much of , i guess people can derive that suspension of disbelief from that ? 
  ) , so i basically spent the whole time questioning the relevance or mechanical sense of various events . 
  not to mention the main character ( ? ), 
  conveyed the emotions of a sloth on anesthetics . 
  ignoring the fact that it can be agreed the plot does n't stand up to critique , it does a poor job of suspending disbelief in the first place . 
  it really is a case of establishing rules one minute , ignoring them the next . 
  ( they 're programmers , right ? 
  then the system will follow consistent mechanics ? 
  nope . ), 
  they pretty much set the world in a relatively realistic environment , before immediately tacking on unrealistic tropes . 
  the immediate dissonance that created while not the only fault , certainly helped the generic tropes show their vibrant greys . 
  i invite you to point out several key themes , settings or motifs in the film which have n't been used to the point of cliche . 
  and even they denied various bugs ( alt-tab sometimes crashing the game etc ) and security flaws post-launch . 
  base 3 is theoretically more efficient to handle than base 2 , but the logic gates are not . 
  ( programming complexity could possibly be overcome through abstraction ), 
  yeah , even the black box has a slightly smooth , impressionist look to it . 
  imagine if tv3/4 did `` late night anime '' once a week or during holidays when fuck all is on . 
  hell , do it all the time . 
  well , they call it `` four '' . 
  mostly cartoons and american comedy . 
  unfortunately the most reliable solution at this stage is to save up enough money to contract an artist from polycount and a composer to at least get some content through . 
  as is standard fare with these threads , obligatory www.ganggarrison.com, 
  [ gencar ] ( http://gencar.co/ ) is almost the exact same thing but multiplayer . 
  good fun . 
  while i always liked , i actually `` liked it more '' a few episodes after that , once everything picked up again . 
  i quite liked railgun , but that was mostly because the setting was interesting , and the characters were fun . 
  index fragments the setting and has some of the least interesting characters . 
  is it just me or does jc staff have this thing where to `` cover '' entire sections of the story they just place 2-4 characters in an isolated area and have them effectively spoon-feed the plot through dialogue ? 
  and if you were n't paying attention/did not make sense of the switching concepts and contexts , you 've basically lost all sense of the plot . 
  that wasnt limited to index either , i remember henneko doing it at least once . 
  fix 'd, 
  considering the angle of the hills , i would assume the camera is tilted , the characters are in a weird pose , and this is an abomination of a fisheye lens . 
  university internet is almost always very good though . 
  here 's some evidence for this : https://www.truenet.co.nz/articles/may-2013-broadband-performance, 
  as you can see , only vodafone and maxnet are decisively slower than the rest , even then only by a few % , with orcon and snap being consistently the fastest , and snap lowest latency , again only by minimal margins . 
  all other speed differences likely arise from local variables . 
  a personal plug to snap though , the lower ping definitely helps for gaming and what have you , and they do unlimited 1-7am free of charge , and unlimited youtube for $ 5 on top of standard monthly . 
  i always recommend either snap or orcon for isps , whether adsl , vdsl or fiber . 
  i wonder if the figures will change much now that mcdonalds does pies too . 
  it will be interesting to see .
