  / r/newzealand for all us bros out there . 
  not desperate , they just want launch titles that do not entirely consist of last gen ports . 
  which town/city ? 
  i would love to have one ;d, 
  he knows . 
  he means a shape more like this , with the red area removed :, 
  at the moment it looks more like a fancy gray tabletop . 
  i was rather surprised that google could make upwards of $ 300 a year from my browsing history . 
  tbf i do n't mind having personalized ads , so i fixed all other issues but that . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for the informative response . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  yeah , i definitely understand that its unoptimized , i was just taken aback by the poor performance . 
  granted my machine is not exactly powerful , i was expecting at least smooth framerates at minimum settings . 
  actually , you are right . 
  one is the opposite of the other , but that means the other candidates are the opposite of that opposite . . right ? 
  is it good for watching videos though ? 
  it could be a great cheap media consumption device . 
  [ nook color costs $ 150 ] ( http://www.barnesandnoble.com/p/nook-color-barnes-noble/1100437663 ) , likely less on ebay, 
  if you had the opportunity , resources , and time , would you pursue a different career ? 
  but simons insanity is the curse of his immortality . 
  if ice king goes back to normal , he would die d :, 
  nice, 
  nice, 
  nice, 
  same here , fountain pens just do n't play nice with us unfortunately . 
  i 'm loving mono , its just such a great means to apply the benefits of the . net framework across multiple platforms . 
  its great that they are keeping it updated . 
  the issue being that the other 3-9 ( if you play 10v10 ) players on your team will also be newcomers . 
  it would n't take much to create a custom extruder that printed silicone , surely . 
  plus it would n't be hard to make an `` insertion '' device with the plastic . 
  yes, 
  practice . 
  the future could be a rather weird place . 
  we could sustain billions of people , but only need a handful of millions of people actually doing jobs . 
  how would that work out ? 
  in fact , i would imagine it could end up much like minecraft , where people just design things , from tools/machinery to buildings , to space colonies . 
  have you set a high anisotropic filter setting ? 
  low quality texture filtering is one of the main causes of banding . 
  texture/lightmap size is sometimes also an issue . 
  fyi there is absolutely no green ( proportional me&ne ) on the picture . 
  well i have been practicing to try and see around corners and the like , but i 'm not there yet . 
  [ knytt ] ( http://nifflas.ni2.se/?page=knytt ) is a wonderfully atmospheric exploration based platformer . 
  it would be awesome if dan could play this or any of nifflas ' games . 
  i like it !, 
  really great choice of music , although the zombie animations seem a bit too exaggerated . 
  close !, 
  super paper mario, 
  you bought one ? 
  with money ? 
  how old are those cards ? 
  fair enough : o, 
  according to the server , the backstab occurred exactly as it was supposed to . 
  valve can not fix what is n't broken . 
  the only way they can reduce the chance of the appearance of a backstab is reduced ping/update time , through less security measures . 
  is the noise from the post-processing of the video or from youtube ? 
  hale 4 has a technical , visual and generational gap between itself and wolfenstien 3d . 
  crush the castle came two years before angry birds , with the exact same mechanics , in some cases even more complex mechanics . 
  was there anyone in the episode who resembled the mysterious ghost ? 
  how old is finn in season 5 ? 
  i was playing 10v10 vs once , that was a convenient win right there . 
  at the very least , the content ( textures , bsp , audio files , models etc ) will not have changed . 
  i imagine steam checks for differences in any linux related files . 
  what a wonderful op we have today . 
  it runs faster than windows 7 , if that is anything to consider . 
  the task manager and file explorer are both more useful , too . 
  it has optional built-in antimalware/antivirus , so you do not necessarily need an antivirus . 
  i would heartily recommend waterfox if your computer can handle 64-bit applications with ease . 
  its basically the same , but can obviously handle resources better being 64-bit . 
  it is literally the same * user interface * , just with a different logo . 
  some people may have systems with consistently insufficient ram ( although that is unlikely nowadays ) . 
  but more specifically , some people could be using processors which do not fully take advantage of the 64-bit architecture ( more registers , larger buses etc ) . 
  again this is not likely nowadays but still possible . 
  from what i 've used , waterfox handles ff plugins fine . 
  theoretically there can be incompatibilities , but almost all `` standard plugins '' work like a charm . 
  it probably took minimal resources from nintendo to streamline the wii hardware , and if the price is right this makes for a perfect `` end of life '' system update . 
  its a bit like the cheaper and streamlined psp sony released not long ago . 
  i seriously wonder how many people may have passed out with laughter when the game 's physics show their true colours . 
  they will definitely sell it at a premium , after all it could become one of the most widely available retail 3d printing services out there . 
  [ from this thread , ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/qryoy/ted_talk_on_thorium_you_have_to_hope_this_kind_of/c4015xe ), 
  `` the molten salt used as a moderator/coolant is fairly corrosive over time . 
  probably the biggest hurdle to lftr right now is materials science research into an appropriate metal that can be used to build the containment vessel , which needs to hold up to constant neutron bombardment and corrosive salts . 
  the last i checked , i think the best/current ideas for containment would last about 5 years before they need to be replaced . 
  this is probably a bit too quick to be very economical . 
  tl ; dr - if we had adamantium , we could build one tomorrow . 
  sort of . '', 
  \u2022 thomas was alone, 
  \u2022 within a deep forest, 
  \u2022 knytt and knytt stories, 
  \u2022 nightsky, 
  when you send slightly different frequencies to either ear , for some reason the brain tries to match the differentiated frequency . 
  so with binaural sound you can gradually transition your brain from one state to another . 
  if we keep replying does the thread stay open indefinitely ? 
  it tells you to use the corners as soon as you install . 
  how hard is it to move the mouse to all four corners and see what they do ? 
  granted they could have put in a tutorial for people with an iq below 80 . 
  very few natural `` spectacles '' , mostly rural areas with generic cities dotted throughout . 
  actually i live in hamilton , and its full of exciting events and bursting with personality . 
  while i can agree that `` bad medicine '' had arguably more refined cinematics , it too suffered from some awkward animations , like when the medic places the jar on the table . 
  [ thomas was alone ] ( http://www.thomaswasalone.com/ ) is also a recent game with superb narrative .
