  * of course when you look at a hologram you see not just a few perspectives , you see more or less infinitely many perspectives . 
  of course you can take advantage of the fact that human perception is n't state-of-the-art , and flicker many of the overlaid-lcd patterns at extremely high refresh rates , such that you can cram in a whole lot more perspectives . 
  * getting extremely high refresh rates out of lcds is hard , so they added in a third lcd , and with a bunch of mathematical wizardry got everything to work out . 
  at this point they also added in some other stuff which takes advantage of various other redundancies of multiple perspectives and human perception . 
  * from here , they basically took this concept and inverted it , so that instead of looking at a display , the displays are working in all of their parallax complexities at some distance in a smaller area ( some projectors are basically mini lcds that have light shone through them ) , and through more mathematical wizardry these patterns converge into different images depending where you stand in space , and do n't have to look at an actual screen if that is n't your thing . 
  ** tl ; dr ** this technology is actually really awesome , and you should at least read this summary . 
  i thought the uk government health department recommended no more or less than once every 48 hours ? 
   internet and ipads for research, 
  what are the ipads for ? 
  if you 're trying to find funding , how about reducing the resource costs and get cost-effective devices ? 
  for example nexus tablets . 
  better yet , workstations which can be upgraded and have physical keyboards , for actual research . 
  it never ceases to bewilder me when people complain that they do n't have enough money , then proceed to buy apple products . 
  the `` 3d '' is probably also a give-away , but yeah i 'd imagine it is . 
  their lidar system probably filters out any vehicles that it can from surrounding data . 
  yeah nah is probably one of the most complex and divorced aspects of new zealand english compared to general english , this can not be understated . 
  i think replacing huntley with a thorium or molten salt reactor in the future would be not only a boon for its economy , but so much better for the environment . 
  different countries deal with it differently , usually the best option is to just shove it back into the ground ( or a mountain ) . 
  for some reason people sometimes suddenly decide that this is not `` environmentally friendly '' ( wut ) , so it kind of just sits around in a lot of places . 
  there is also the option of further reducing the by-product with a specialised `` depletion '' reactor , which is powered by nuclear waste and essentially leaves you with depleted uranium , an alternative to lead . 
  actual ? 
  an important difference however , is build quality and build tolerance . 
  there has been a notable variance in pressure curves in kailh boards that you do n't seem to find in cherry boards . 
  this can of course be solved by manufacturer binning , but the distinction exists nonetheless . 
  personally i do n't care about the variance mind you , as i would probably actually prefer a slightly but not significantly heavier brown switch, 
  he 's moving , looking and interacting at clearly separate times . 
  it 's pretty obvious he 's just playing back a video , it 's like he 's not even trying to be convincing . 
  you can probably also install bluestacks or some other android emulator and just upload straight from the desktop . 
  if you do n't know , razer recently switched to kailh ( chinese manufactured cherry equivalent ) switches under the pretence that they are `` better than cherry switches '' * and * proceeded to not cut the price at all . 
  it 's kind of impressive how easily razer became the apple of gaming , and how they managed to create the illusion that razer somehow differs from apple in business practise . 
  not that i have seen this panel , but i assume it was in tounge-and-cheek . 
  that said , while i disagree with the level of opaqueness and control the japanese government has , if this was meant to be serious then it 's not doing any favours for anyone . 
  more misinformation is the last thing we need . 
  dunno man , you seen those earbuds/power cables ? 
  the original , by the looks . 
  with the little but significant they do charge however , you would expect them to at least have them braided or have some basic form of protection against bending . 
  as it stands you get equal quality knockoffs for near cents a piece . 
  that 's because the one you got was lacking copper , increasing resistance , increasing temps . 
  granted this can be one aspect to the `` cheapness '' , there 's still no reason you could not find an equivalent materials knockoff build which still costed far less . 
  we cant be sure exactly how much cheaper , but we do know that they are cheap enough that many of the mechanical leopard manufacturers have announced that at least some of their lineup will switch to kailh at some point . 
  i think it 's a combination of both cheaper labour , and the fact that they should eventually be able to deliver much greater supply than cherry in germany . 
  mind you , falcon has n't seen his own game in 10 years . 
  not that this is a reason to kick him out , more a reason nintendo needs to make a new f-zero game , seriously guys . 
  so where 's the peer-reviewed scientific paper proving that this is statistically more likely to help you quit smoking ? 
  yeah , no . 
  you do realise that as soon as you drop fibre at any one point , you have created a bottleneck ? 
  thanks to inverse square law , anyone , at any point , who is not connected to fibre will be basically be stuck with vdsl . 
  new zealand is not only delivering fibre to the home for every home , but has the infrastructure to bring that fibre capability to gigabit speeds . 
  and honestly , anything less would be irresponsible of a government . 
  and the commenter was commenting on the sensationalism of the article compared to the original . 
  argument from fallacy is what an ill-informed person does . 
  even a game like dwarf fortress has quite the budget behind it , thanks in part to the various people who essentially pay the developer thousands of dollars a month to continue developing the game . 
  $ 6,000 basically guarantees what , two months of development working on the cheap ? 
  commenting below , praise rng !, 
  while kiwisaver is certainly interesting , would you recommend any other mutual fund schemes outside of it ? 
  or are all the best options inside of the scheme . 
  source filmmaker is probably one of the most versatile cg-toolsets for hobbyist cg-animators , which is a huge kudos to valve . 
  valve made and uses this toolset for their dota 2 cinematics , but also provide it to the community for free . 
  i think timewarp would be really silly beyond one frame of warping . 
  timewarp will be best used when the gpu has become slightly out of sync with the display . 
  otherwise , i 'd assume we might see 60 -  95 `` fps conversions '' to reduce motion sickness . 
  some of the commercials for portal 2 made some interesting , contemporary nods to the old 70s infographic design . 
  [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7rzo2acp3a ) videos [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5i3vnchwsu ) might give you some ideas . 
  kyoani and shaft are the masters of late-night marketing , even if a show does badly they have clearly put in clever stopgaps to tank the sales out . 
  saying that `` none of his videos are accurate '' and `` all of his videos are accurate '' is a hard sell . 
  i have come across a variety of points in his videos , particularly the one on framerate , where he is just outright talking bullshit , like `` watching videos at high framerates gives rise to nausea '' , or something along those lines . 
  taking the newspaper bias into account , it 's not unlikely that some of his other videos , which i may not have knowledge on , likely also play `` hard and loose '' facts . 
  overall i think it 's more of a case of some of his videos being seriously under-researched rather than it being all good or all bad . 
  mikakunin is the # 4 selling anime this season , with over 6500 sales/volume . 
  they would be crazy not to do a second season at some point . 
  rule of thumb is that any first season show with over 4000 sales/volume will get a second season or something similar , as long as there is enough source material by next year . 
  2000 if the show exists to support the original material/merchandise ( ie kami nomi ) . 
  exceptions of course are when you are a big studio , and the sales expectations are higher . 
  it would be extremely difficult to get that level of artistic linework with a cg model . 
  `` render '' simply means to `` cover '' or `` make '' , in artistic contexts it 's mostly colour , shade and texture . 
  palmer was never very modretro though . 
  i 'm pretty sure the pitch for the show was along the lines of `` how can we get cosplayers to wear as little clothes as possible , and make it into a coherent plot device ? '', 
  i can only really see it being a visual novel , fighting game or fps , the latter of which would probably suck unless some serious budget went into it . 
  it seems you might be right . 
  that 's exactly my point , you would basically have to create an entirely different type of narrative and switch up the setting a bit to even get close to a reasonable base for either a fps . 
  fighting games are dime a dozen though , just recreate persona 4 arena with a spattering of text here and there , and some flair/gimmick related to the series . 
  harder to program , easier to write than a visual novel . 
  goldeneye is n't very good though , by todays standards . 
  it was good for its time . 
  the target for the fps has changed considerably over the years . 
  for a single player game at least , you either have to experiment like crazy ( indie puzzle fps ) or pour in cash ( your usual fps ) . 
  if you are making a multiplayer fps , you have to refine map design like crazy and support the game for quite a number of years . 
  considering psycho pass could be neither a puzzle/experimental fps or standard single player , it would have to be multiplayer , probably set during one of the psycho-hazzards as some sort of cyberpunk counterstrike . 
  considering the 295x2 is half the price and performs comparably , i do n't think that 's a particularly good comparison . 
  for gaming you would be better off with dual 780ti or dual custom cooled 290xes . 
  who knows , if they are really on the ball we could get a well done * `` wazzat '' * or something . 
  that 's not the issue , that 's the fact . 
  nothing travels faster than light , because light is the speed of information . 
  quantum entangled information can be `` transferred '' , but it still has to * travel * . 
  it 's not going to make your counter strike lower latency , but it might make your steam login more secure . 
  scroll-wheel-clicking worked for a solid 6 years for me , but recently some sites have become unreasonably difficult to navigate , as you say . 
  i usually just never visit those sites though , so it works out . 
  most browsers also allow you to scroll-click the tabs to close them , and firefox lets you scroll-click the top of the screen to open empty tabs . 
  for that reason , and the smooth scroll-click autoscrolling , i will probably never switch from firefox . 
  i think nintendo of america has always been pretty aware of the community at large , however they oftentimes have to get through to nintendo of japan to do anything , unless it is pr .
