  just a heads up , you can upload multiple imgur images into an album , and those with [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) will be able to browse through the gallery too . 
  for high-resolution images i would also recommend using minus instead , as imgur tends to compress particularly large images , even png . 
  edit : awesome !, 
  exactly . 
  while a little could be done in the sense of encouraging the `` prioritising '' of self-driving research , the biggest factor in all of this is creating safer , smarter roads . 
  is it the lack of moedubs , or does it feel like they 've been brainwashed ? 
  plenty of shows use rotoscoping for fine-movements . 
  almost every anime with a scene where a band is playing and the hands are moving on one-twos , the hands have probably been rotoscoped . 
  rotoscoping is n't all bad , it 's just shows which use bad rotoscoping , or rotoscoping exclusively , which give the technique a bad rap . 
  if you can tell it 's been rotoscoped , then it probably was n't done `` properly '' . 
  i 'm starting to think that this is what happened with the world god only knows with the most recent ( manga ) arc . 
  not all downhill , but it feels as though the creative control of the show has been relinquished . 
  not that there 'll be a fourth season anyway , considering how convoluted they made season 3 compared to the manga . 
  it fascinates me that people assume that children are these sort of separate , non-human , inanimate jewels which must be protected at all costs . 
  people can perform fundamental deductive reasoning from quite an early age , it is simply the complexity of reasoning which progresses over time . 
  `` how could this child have figured out how to escape an internet filter ? '', 
  maybe she thought about it , searched for information , then followed that information . 
  while the screen is a case of maximising battery life ( by not requiring as powerful hardware ) , with a screen that you 're taking on the go that is n't really a huge issue . 
  if you have headphones like many gamers and audiophiles , sound is kind of a non-issue ( while speakers are n't always great , nintendo has a history of having fairly good internal sound for a mobile device ) . 
  the more ergonomic design , physical controls and extensive battery life certainly delivers the best portable console experience out there ( with exception to vita debatably ) . 
  over the course of the past two days , a sensationalist tweet has turned into an urban legend . 
  valve 's research hmd was demonstrated to a select few , and this demo was immersive enough that it had a psychological effect on one of the users . 
  gohands is still a relatively new studio , so they probably do n't have as much leverage as a well-established studio . 
  plus , while selling enough , it was n't a smash-hit compared to some of the anime out there . 
  finally , yakuindomo does n't nessecarily follow any of the recent trends in anime . 
  if you take away the perverse gags you 're essentially left with pure highschool boke-tsukkomi , which is a far cry from the moeservice idolcolossus that is 2013-2014 anime . 
  you could say the exact same thing about comparably terrible family values , hygiene , nutrition and social welfare in the us . 
  how `` good '' a culture 's lifestyle is can often be relative . 
  on the matter of `` anything he touched on '' , there are plenty of things he wrote about which are completely wrong . 
  his point on anime is total bullshit . 
  attack on titan , psycho-pass , log horizon , non non biyori , servant x service , gatchaman crowds , gundam . 
  these are just some random anime from hundreds in the past year and a half which i could bother to copypaste . 
  all of which have awesome narratives and little to nothing in the `` perverse '' . 
  he even doubles back on his own point that many people smoke . 
  that 's more a matter that japan is densely populated , so you are more likely to find smokers . 
  on the flipside , japan has much less litter . 
  i 'll admit i did n't bother to read the whole thing because of how stupid it started off , but it sounds like he 's trying to light torches where there 's nothing to burn . 
  there is a difference between `` attracts shame '' and `` actively mitigates the problem '' however . 
  i have edited my post going over some of the sillier earlier points of his article . 
  i avoid kotaku/gawker like the plague , so i did n't really even get that far in before getting an aneurysm . 
  so you 're saying that smoking in japan is under-represented compared to some developed countries , and over-represented relative to other developed countries ? 
  if we are comparing the japan of today to the japan of the past , by that smoking statistic it would seem that japan has actually become `` better '' over time . 
  more deaths being attributable to suicide means literally nothing . 
  i could argue that it means that there are so few motor and cardiovascular related deaths that suicide becomes a more prominent metric ( this is the case in new zealand ) . 
  this is the reason pc gaming is n't big in japan . 
  it has a stigma that only perverts would play `` pc games '' ( many of which have adult content , because pc games do n't have content restrictions ) . 
  with the advent of steam however , i could see `` steam gamers '' becoming a thing if valve marketed it enough . 
  it 's worth noting then that kanazawa hiromichi , the director , has only directed for gohands , and likewise was the director for almost all of gohands ' anime . 
  one would assume that the studio assumes some level of creative control over the franchise . 
  edit : the producer has also worked on half of gohands ' works so far . 
  while they do cover a lot of interesting and meaningful themes , there is no shying away from the fact that this manga contains loli themes . 
  also , watch the anime . 
  while the ending is different , this is what you 're going to get the entire way through . 
  that show want off track by the third episode of season 1 . 
  it 's the fanservice that pulls it through though . 
  one would imagine that at this point , someone would consider creating a `` serious '' abridged one piece , with the filler removed completely . 
  it 's a huge shame that upcoming runners do n't get as much publicity , but gym has had the record for wwhd since like 2 weeks after the game launched , and has simply been beating it ever since . 
  did people dislike k-on s2 ? 
  was n't both s2 and the movie one of the higher-selling anime of it 's time ? 
  what element of s2 was different from the first season ? 
  also , did n't all three works cover almost the entire original work ? 
  from what i understand , the remaining content would probably only fit into a couple of ovas anyway . 
  the biggest problem i think is that it never had a clear sense of direction . 
  they tried to bring in all these different elements from the original , and as a result the narrative was watered down into these moment-to-moment interactions with different characters and elements . 
  it felt like less of an adventure and more like a slice-of-life as a result , and the ending felt obligatory rather than the climax it wanted to be . 
  it really confuses me that they did n't choose to use white fox for robotics ; notes , considering their reputation for steins ; gate ( hell it 's not like it was one-off either , the film was great ) . 
  i like to think of steins ; gate as an adventure pretending to be a slice-of-life , whereas robotics ; notes is a slice-of-life pretending to be an adventure . 
  thing is , i do n't get the point of this . 
  sony has already released one media-consumption hmd and is gearing to release a second . 
  it 's smaller , and will have better build quality and components . 
  similarly , why would anyone buy an integrated headset , when you can source probably better headphones for cheaper ? 
  it 's pretty sad when just about every porn site has a better functioning video player than the largest web developer on earth . 
  it can depend big time on the quality of translation and the sheer amount of text in it . 
  for example clannad ( which is pretty big ) had a complete but poor quality translation around a year or two after release , but even if the new translation kept pace it would have only released this year ( it was put on hold ) . 
  now that the scene is far bigger , there is probably much more incentive to translate a new , popular visual novel . 
  but it will still all depend on how much text there is . 
  at the very least , kyoani has more key female staff . 
  the entire staff for tamako market was female , for example , and a few of their recent shows were directed by women . 
  i 've found a few gems in the upper 6 's , usually upper 6 means `` not the taste of the majority '' while under 6 is just plain bad . 
  that said , i only found the ova for this show to be entertaining ( and that was plain ecchi ) . 
  everything else was just a lesser dxd . 
  lucky you , your link got taken down too !, 
  what does a sound designer have to do with bugs ? 
  yes there are audio issues , but it 's not an issue with the sound itself . 
  yes it was kind of silly that they would make a tweet in a situation like this , but there is definitely a level of redundancy to be had here . 
  i would n't be surprised if the programming team was working on bf4 while the designers are in pre-development . 
  at first i looked at these wondering `` why is there a bunch of photographs of tokyo ? '', 
  incredible artwork . 
  i 've seen a couple of games which have `` critical heals '' where a buff will randomly heal much more . 
   some omissions, 
  the third season skips the majority of the manga up until that point . 
  put that alongside the various sidenarratives , the initial search for the godesses , alongside the culling of half of all the events during the godesses arc , the changing of personalities , the ommission of some characters altogether . 
  you 've skipped over another two seasons worth of content at the bare minimum , and cut the length of the goddesses arc in third . 
  did you read the manga before the anime ? 
  if not , did you have the slightest clue as to the reasoning behind [ ] ( / s `` akari 's identity , nora 's 180 , and literally anything insightful to do with the godesses , namely mercury ? '' ), 
  i know i did n't . 
  correction : you * should * read the manga , because the anime completely butchers the entire plot up until that point , as well as butchering the entire goddesses arc . 
  the only thing it presents accurately is the conclusion , and that 's only after some serious character tweaks and glorified pace-butchering . 
  the manga is already well away from the goddesses arc now , and if you `` want more '' there is more content than those three seasons together left untapped in the manga . 
  though the recently concluded arc was kind-of-terrible unless you are on ss.tenri,
