  i believe there are pay-to-know services that do all the ratings , which is probably why there is n't an extensive public list . 
  one of the characters is actually called yui , and voiced by the same actor i think . 
  while it 's pretty straightforward to work with known palettes and know your limits , what was it like early on ? 
  or did you just kind of jump into it fully prepared ? 
  i actually preferred yuyushiki over yuru yuri , the running gags and yuri were more platable . 
  transaction fees , middlemen payments ? 
  in new zealand they call it the `` loose change '' menu . . 
  i think it 's more that we have become far more transparent about it than other countries ( while it is shit , at least we have a clear definition of how we will be shit on ) , and with a more mixed distribution of party policies we can show our ideals in worthwhile votes . 
  i 'm liking this . 
  the main character seems to be less of a wish-fulfilling `` hip rogue '' character compared to sao . 
  hoping there might be a bit more development to the world , rather than doctor-who style set piece to set piece . 
  exactly . 
  selling sex , and cramming in as many tastes and fetishes as possible , while ensuring mc-kun is not `` won over '' by any specific character , and conveniently avoids `` violating '' your sex puppet characters , is probably one of the most lucrative otaku combinations . 
  [ use kawaii codec pack insted . 
  ] ( http://haruhichan.com/forum/showthread.php?7545-kcp-kawaii-codec-pack ), 
  it seems as though nintendo has this near permanent animosity towards third party developers in general , where they design the console for their first party projected development needs , and no one else . 
  there also seems to be some sort of executive stagnation or stalemate going on in nintendo , because i would n't be surprised if there was a disconnect between the system architects and the higher ups which is resulting in these `` distinctive selling points '' like the gamepad . 
  contrast that with what both system architects and developers have said about ps4 design and development , and the fact that two out of three consoles this generation are going to be running on the same hardware with manage-ably similar specs . 
  as such it was hard enough getting the ball rolling for developers , and the fact that your pc , xbone and ps4 are all going to use the same architecture and relative setup , you 've set yourself up for a mighty difficult time encouraging developers to port their titles . 
  i 'm making these points under the guise that most people only buy one console , and more third party titles will encourage people to choose the wiiu over other consoles , as it will have their nintendo games as well as their other games . 
  if we are going to create virtual realities nervegear style where brain outputs are `` intercepted '' and brain inputs are performed , easily a century if not more . 
  `` overriding into the brain '' for sound , sight and the other senses could easily take upwards of a century . 
  bipedal motion could be created with inverse kinematics within 10 years , though would require laboratory-level sensory equipment or invasive methods . 
  with current technology , virtual reality headsets or \u2022 hmds do not take on the same style as nervegear , but with improvements in screen and optics technology , we can get hmd 's to be `` as good as the real thing '' within 20 years . 
  we can get hmd 's to be `` almost as good as the real thing '' within 5-10 years . 
  \u2022 binaural audio is pretty good , but not perfect . 
  we can get audio `` almost as good as the real thing '' within 10 years . 
  overriding could take upwards of a century . 
  \u2022 tactile feedback can be achieved very crudely today . 
  creating realistic sensations is not far off though , with a full-body tactile suit possibly only 10 years away , but would be immeasurably expensive . 
  feedback to the brain/spine is barely existent , and at our current rate could take 20-30 years to get to an crude feedback at a much lesser cost than our full-body tactile feedback system . 
  i 'd pinpoint 50 + years for fully realistic feedback . 
  \u2022 smell can not be handled externally , and taste not easily or comfortably , and as such will require tms . 
  surprisingly we might get crude taste and smell within 20 years though , with recent developments in understanding and treating epilepsy . 
  perfect taste and smell would require fundamental understanding of neurological processes , and could take a century . 
  \u2022 paralyzing an individual through tms or similar means can probably be done safely within 20-30 years , and we should be able to measure inverse kinematics bipedal motion within 10 years , with somewhat full-body motion within 20 + years . 
  most of the bottleneck in `` full vr '' development lies in our near complete lack of understanding about how the brain actually works ( you 're basically asking scientists to cull mental illness completely and understand the mind enough to make an artificial one ) , and it is * very * unlikely we will have a ghost of an idea any time soon . 
  video games have always been about \u2022 * suspending disbelief * though . 
  the use of an ergonomic controller/gesture mashup of input , whatever the high-end hmd is 2 years from now , and some massive development in binaural audio , and crude haptic feedback could create a pretty spectacular experience for today 's standards . 
  particularly if the style of vrmmo is liberal and cleverly designed in it 's nature , inviting some suspense of disbelief . 
  graphical and network fidelity will be a non issue considering the current crudeness , however, 
  \u2022 realistic simulations including physics , sensory aspects , and massive player interactions would require many a supercomputer in power and would probably only reach profitable levels in 10-20 years . 
  ** will we see a crude vrmmo within 50 years ? 
  yes . 
  ** will it be nervegear sao levels ? 
  but we are already clever with faking realistic environments , so i do n't see why we could n't also `` fake '' a virtual i/o . 
  every country has it 's negatives , and in actual fact we are probably one of the better-off countries rights wise . 
  the gcsb bill sucks , but at least we know how we are getting fucked over . 
  i would be not in the least surprised if nearly every other nation also has an equivalent or worse spy program . 
  not that this is in any way a good thing . 
  in terms of freedom , rights , policies , infrastructure and culture , i 'd give us a match sprint with germany , sweden and the netherlands , but they too all have detractors . 
  society is fundamentally flawed and is gon na stay that way for a loong time . 
  it could get worse . 
  that 's why we have mediums to escape society . 
  `` makes me feel like i 'm in some bad ass command center '' . 
  his feelings is like that of being in a command canter . 
  he describes his feelings ( mood ) using the setting of a command center . 
  yes , all of this is assuming that the person and business can mutually afford to produce and purchase the hardware , firmware and software . 
  oh how i would love to see a multiplayer just cause 3 at some point in the future , with gta4-level map detail , sans interiors . 
  i do n't see this as an issue at all . 
  beta means that it is unfinished , and if people want to pay for an unfinished product at their own discretion , so be it . 
  the developers are not misleading the public at all , and the public is willing to use it . 
  have they even made an android app yet ? 
  i swear when these companies all go `` hey look we now have an iphone app '' i carefully consider their intelligence . 
  1/5 of smartphones are ios and 2/3 are android . . and android has over 2/3 more share on jellybean compared to all versions of ios , so you ca n't complain about fragmentation . 
  he provides literally no explanation for why it is not up to snuff other than `` gingerbread exists '' and `` the galaxy s2 does n't perform very well '' . 
  build the app for the capable devices , and compromise later if at all . 
  it 's a shame they did n't bundle in a ds4 . 
  i mean , i bet they still have thousands of dualshocks unshipped , but this would have made so much more sense . 
  you seem to have forgotten that it is the chip which delivers the capability , not two devices created by a single manufacturer . 
  all exynos 4 quad and higher , snapdragon 200 + , tegra 3 , possibly 4 + , omap 4 + should be capable given his descriptions . 
  i 'd make a conservative estimate that 15-20 % of devices meet these specifications , and this will only grow with time . 
  and if we are talking ics and jellybean devices being capable of playing high quality video ... 
  that 's over half of all android devices . 
  in regards to api , both os and api fragmentation is decreasing with time . 
  test it on the nexus 4 , 7 , and 10 . 
  if it works well there , support will trickle down and up to the point where a solid number of devices are supported by default , and in fact an increasing number over time as the lower end catches up . 
  nichijou incidentally also starts off a little bland , but more because it takes a while to get the rhythm of the humor . 
  my second viewing of the thing was amazing . 
  the first episode was great , but i just did n't `` get '' the next few for quite a while , but after pushing half-way through i really started to `` get '' it and it was a ball . 
  it 's also $ 100 , and i could see them enabling gaikai in the future . 
  possibly the most bang for your buck for a device , hardware wise , particularly if you were put off of getting vita exclusive or enhanced titles . 
  and ds4 controllers will work with it , so there 's one pad covered . 
  while he admits it himself , it was really weird listening to how this guy made his `` mod '' while saying stuff like `` i do n't really know what ogg vorbis means but whatever '', 
  you do n't even need run . 
  shutdown works right from the search bar . 
  win shutdown / s and optionally / t 0, 
  can also just pin a batch file to the start menu . 
  while i do n't find moeblob too concerning for a show 's quality , particularly when the actors are able to pull off the moe acrobatics and keep the tone of the character , i feel as though jc staff seem to be one of the worst offenders of a more unfortunate trope , exposition . 
  two or three characters in a secluded area spend half an episode , or almost an entire arc ( in the case of index ) just infodumping the key plot devices and details from the light novel before continuing on with whatever was happening up until that point , as though all of that information should have been obvious to us , and is hardly mentioned again until the next infodump . 
  i get that for many studios , anime adaptions are more promotional material for the original work rather than a work in their own right , but it almost seems contrived when they do n't bother structuring the script . 
  for me it really makes you feel as though you somehow missed a couple of episodes worth of previous character interactions , and breaks much of the immersion as you pause the video to soak up all that information . 
  they do this in henneko , and even their larger works like index , and it makes me sad and annoyed that they would structure the script like that . 
  if you want to explain something , clue us in as the plot progresses !, 
  while i understand that `` hand-drawn '' gives the show a sense of `` authenticity '' to some people , well done cgi can really enhance the visuals without interfering with the art direction . 
  but hey , it 's their decision , and power to them for deciding that . 
  shield ( shld ), 
   5 : something that resembles a shield , such as :, 
  an escutcheon . 
  a decorative emblem that often serves to identify an organization or a government .
