  to extend on what you said about all source games having it , all source games have the option to record a `` demo '' that stores all of the game events from either the players or servers perspective . 
  servers with replay enabled in effect will copy a slice of their demo and send it to you after your death . 
  you can make your own `` replays '' on all source games , but it will only show game data ( movement , animation , damage , physics ) from what the player had loaded in memory at the time . 
  still waiting on that proof there . 
  but even if you are n't david , i imagine he would react in a similar fashion anyway . 
  fortunately the majority of the unlocks you would need can be obtained by just playing the game over time , and/or through crafting scrap and trading it for the weapons you want . 
  medic , scout , demo , and to an extent soldier and sniper , still play fine without unlocks , as their primaries and secondaries have no `` net upgrades '' . 
  while items like the jag are effectively straight upgrades for the engineer , he is still playable from a turtling perspective . 
  you can move around the scene , but what will be available in the scene will be limited to whatever players/actions were accounted for in memory . 
  i prefer the jag simply because it can make a small difference when building teleporters and dispensers , and there 's no reason not to use it since i barely use the wrench as a melee weapon . 
  depends on your situation , in all honesty . 
  i play vsh a lot , and as such the jag is pretty much a straight benefit , and rebuilding quickly is integral to hale engi gameplay . 
  cp and pl i would probably use stock or southern hospitality , and in koth i would use the wrangler . 
  unless valve continues to push linux , i doubt it will grow as quickly as it did when it launched . 
  most people dislike the sound of their own voice because it sounds different to how you hear yourself in your head . 
  http://www.logicalincrements.com/ prodives a good scale from frugal to extreme hardware setups , and / r/buildapc is a good community for asking these sorts of questions if you get stuck . 
  realistically both your cpu and gpu are a bottleneck , but i think you would benefit from a more powerful gpu moreso than than a cpu . 
  maybe the standard for gaming gpus two years ago , nowadays there some better and cheaper alternatives from both nvidia and amd , at least depending on when there are sales and where you look . 
  i would n't know the amount of cpu work put into running arma 3 , but i would n't expect a significant cpu upgrade would be required , maybe just a phenom 2 x4 would suffice , depending on game requirements and whatnot . 
  admittedly your cpu is pretty bottom-range , as piemonkey said you might get the best net performance from a more powerful cpu like the phenom ii x4 ( which is still one of the best performance/price cpus out there ) . 
  why bother when most 3d printer designs are already online and printable by 3d printers sans electronics ? 
  the ^ 2 is implied to be a footnote rather than a portion of the formula . 
  so is this a viable career for you ? 
  present or future ? 
  or simply supplementary . 
  different translations used different phrases if i 'm not mistaken , but it was a meme of some sort . 
  there is none . 
  edit : png bests gif in every way besides animation ( which apng does , but that 's a different story ) , in case you were wondering . 
  so why not use 1-bit png ? 
  that is one of the most subtle gags i have ever seen . 
  nintendo better deliver on the 4ds . 
  but should n't it be in a companies interests to at least try to balance between a dedicated fanbase and a broader audience ? 
  this looks genuinely fun !, 
  will it work on google docs too ? 
  why are n't screensavers still a thing ? 
  i know burn-in is n't a problem anymore , but still . . 
  one would wonder if you could return to society with your sanity in-tact . 
  yeah , i guess in some ways madoka is a romantic magical girl anime . 
  i think you would like it . 
  she makes a cameo discussing something on one of the future imgboards in robotics ; notes, 
  they could have saved it from when it went half-price last year !, 
  leap motion . 
  you can pretend they 're not when you 're only half-listening to the japanese though , 
  the majority of the tf2 soundtrack has already been done in 8-bit in gang garrison , just a heads up . 
  gggg, 
  do n't forget to watch nekomonogatari ( the week leading up to bake ) and nisemonogatari ( the sequel ) when you finish bake !, 
  for now at least , the three seasons do share minor details about koyomi araragi 's past , if that will suffice . 
  i do n't see how neko spoils nise in any way , would you care to elaborate ? 
  i did n't go into any scenes thinking `` i already know that '' watching nise after watching neko . 
  if anything , the ending to neko would be much less dramatic after watching nise in my opinion , because you already know so much about the characters by that point that the story is completely predictable . 
  [ ] ( / s `` plus after all the character development in nise , there is a clear difference in the characters which i would have thought to be jarring . '' ), 
  it all depends on at which point you prefer to see [ ] ( / s `` vampire girl `` open up '' to araragi . 
  i think having vampire girl open up a little in neko and to then have the relationship develop in nise is a more logical progression , despite the time disparity , '' ) i guess . 
  that 's all my opinion . 
  arguably a reason they immediately do it so quickly is to force you give up and just watch it normally , accepting that an internal thought is happening or a description of the context of the situation . 
  what you pick up form the flashing text you pick up , what you do n't you do n't . 
  i 'd say that 's memory bias more than anything . 
  adobe and oracle do n't update flash and java all that frequently , but when they do its more memorable and frustrating , so it feels like it happens more often than it actually does . 
  to be fair once you 've watched most decent past anime , there is n't much left to do really , besides current releases or more past anime . 
  [ here 's a quick fix ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o6ukfq4.png ) , if anyone was interested . 
  its normal for that to happen in sleep , but i 've heard very few stories of conscious ejaculation without physical stimulation . 
  the ending would have been perfect * if * the anime series continued . 
  unfortunately there 's no signs of a third season , so the lack of closure is disappointing . 
  there 's no reason why they could n't do a few ovas or onas however ... 
  developing a gpu on par with nvidia and amd would already be prohibitively expensive for a startup , it could be possible for a large company such as samsung , intel or ibm to develop gpu chips , but they would n't see the profit in it . 
  the closest you will see to competition with nvidia and amd will be intels integrated graphics as it improves over the generations . 
  this seems more like ecchi to me . 
  i do n't think there was a single wallpaper that would n't be considered ecchi :p, 
  not bad wallpapers though . 
  in all seriousness , do they not see profit in adapting more spice and wolf ? 
  did the other seasons not sell well or something ? 
  doing more adaptions only makes sense to me . 
  i really wanted nichijou to last longer or have a second season , its a shame that it sold poorly . 
  i was really starting to like the characters and got into the rhythm of the gags towards the final few episodes , and just as swiftly it ended . 
  i suppose its true the anime adaptions were difficult to script , but they already have a solid storyline to work with , and they could choose any one of several novels to adapt for quality measure . 
  it could certainly be done . 
  yeah i 've seen that , it did n't have quite the same charm but it was enjoyable nonetheless . 
  i wonder if they theoretically `` broke even '' after blu ray sales later down the road ? 
  i hope they did . 
  go back and inquire , or otherwise take one of those online tests . 
  for a doctor not to specify what kind of colour-blindness he has is shameful . 
  as it has been said before , this could work well for slower paced games where agility and avatar dexterity are not vital gameplay components . 
  if anything , pyro is the worst class to play vr with . 
  i doubt i could manage more than a few uses of the panic button !, 
  technically the original ending was created so they could finish the story in the time slotted . 
  i would definitely recommend it . 
  thomas was alone is filled with gimmicks . 
  besides the first couple of characters , most of them have a gimmick which defines their character trait , and further on other gimmicks introduce new gameplay mechanics . 
  many later stages were designed to exploit specific combinations of gimmicks . 
  does that mean the gimmicks are bad ? 
  no , they are legitimate gameplay components . 
  but would the game be the same if all of the characters had only a narrow set of common traits and modifiers ? 
  i 'm sure the story * could * have been altered to narrow the functional character traits , but my main point is that thomas was alone is not a good example of a game which does not rely on gimmicks . 
  depends for me . 
  if i 'm marathoning i 'll skip the op if it has n't changed in one or two episodes , particularly if it only consists of op tropes and serves no drive for the plot . 
  the ending to the main series was a `` fake '' ending that they used because they did n't have enough time/slots to tell the whole story . 
  the ovas change the final and add subsequent episodes . 
  they reach similar conclusions but obviously the ovas add more plot . 
  as a kiwi , you are absolutely correct we live in the middle of nowhere . 
  however if you consider the `` amount '' of informaiton being conveyed , a-i-shi-te-ru is comparatively similar to i-lo-ve-you .
