  at this point in time , silicone can not be 3d printed , which rules out most `` rubber/soft '' toys . 
  type `` openserverbrowser '' in the developer console to open up the super secret server browser . 
  have a search around in the `` custom '' tab to see if there is a helms deep server . 
  the great thing about the pc though is that they could just reiterate the system each year with fresh components . 
  i wonder if valve will simply overhaul tf2 in the upcoming `` source 2 '' in another update . 
  they could take advantage of recent/future technologies with the game too . 
  while entirely speculation , i would imagine that valve would decide on a cpu , gpu and ram each year , and encourage the manufacturer to release well-optimised drivers , and good documentation . 
  while you are correct in that longer system lifecycles allow for better hardware optimisation , it is also arguably more beneficial to have a relatively similar hardware platform update incrementally , whether it is yearly or longer . 
  plus it * could potentially * discourage lazy developers from releasing games that are only optimized for one set of pc components . 
  the simple knowledge that the `` console '' would be more powerful in less than 12 months time could prove incentive enough to expand hardware optimization to multiple facets of computer hardware . 
  to be fair , ccleaner is a pretty good cleaning program . 
  i find it hard to believe that anyone could have taken the show seriously , let alone the judges . 
  [ ] ( / rarityjudge ), 
  unity engine exports to linux now , so considering the sizable number of games running unity engine , there is potential for numerous games being introduced to linux in the near future . 
  seriously , if you do n't mind waiting a month for the shipping , buy your shit form dealextreme . 
  yeah try to avoid electronics unless its gotten good reviews , dealextreme is like a flea market on the internet . 
  ask or look around on the steam linux community hub . 
  considering nintendo 's marketing directed to the younger audience , and [ the sales figures of the 3ds ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nintendo_3ds#sales_2 ) , they seem to be doing fine with their current strategy , that being said they could definitely optimize the hardware next generation to become more `` touch friendly '' . 
  [ use waterfox ] ( http://www.waterfoxproject.org ), 
  \u2022 what was the point in that statement ? 
  if their current strategy has always been their strategy , it is still their current strategy . 
  \u2022 so despite their new online integration across the 3ds and wii u , hd and dedicated gaming handhelds , they are still stuck in the past ? 
  i do n't see your point on this one . 
  putting their current technology aside , nintendo does not try and match the competition , they innovate in different ways . 
  the ds was dramatically different to the psp , likewise the wii to other consoles , and they both sold multi millions . 
  you are making a rather petty argument by comparing their current console to a fisher price toy . 
  the console is more powerful than any other console on the market ( equivalent cpu with dramatically more powerful gpu ) , plus its new internet connectivity is arguably more fresh then both sonys and microsofts experiences . 
  and it has wireless video streaming , which has a plethora of uses in gaming , whether its a second screen for a hud , or another means of interaction . 
  it is by no means a `` fisher price toy '' as you might put it . 
  \u2022 do you have any statistics to back up your claims that the 3ds is only selling to an older audience , and that this is due to nostalgia ? 
  heck , do you have any statistics to back up any of your claims ? 
  \u2022 clearly the 22 million 3ds sales ( and the fact that the wii u is selling as fast as they can produce them ) is evidence of nintendo 's current strategy failing . 
  if their current hardware had lackluster sales ( which they are n't ) , then nintendo might consider changing strategy . 
  really ? 
  i never had this issue , besides cant you change it back ? 
  ^ a ^ reminder ^ to ^ vote ^ on ^ post ^ quality , ^ not ^ opinion . 
  ^ i 'm ^ okay ^ if ^ you ^ think ^ the ^ quality ^ of ^ my ^ post ^ is ^ inadequate . 
   it 's still in the windows 8 code . 
  so despite completely disabling the metro interface , the faster start-up times , better memory management and improved task manager somehow makes it * not * better than windows 7 ? 
  i can not understand the logic behind that . 
  whether or not you like metro ( i for one find the gestures and keyboard shortcuts provide faster navigaiton than windows 7 can provide , but that 's just me ) , the act of getting rid of it is so trivial i can not believe you would call someone who does this method a `` fanboy '' . 
  and the fact that it is `` still in the code '' does not change anything , its like saying your linux desktop sucks because you * used * to have windows on it . 
  while bing was earlier to the table , google is also working on its own 45 degree maps . 
  cryogenic revival of entire humans ( thanks daniel ) will probably become possible in a good 50 years , so some of us might see through to an age of extended life . 
  it would be bloody expensive to maintain however . 
  unfortunately the methods used today are fairly crude and they might have massive loss of body tissue if we do manage to revive them . 
  do you have the picture without vignette ? 
  its white . 
  they are all tricking you , or the camera has altered the colors of the photo . 
  if anything , the continued success of the pc ( and pc gaming ) market relies largely on the success of windows as a platform , whether you like it or not . 
  also , unless we see in the next few quarters that windows 7 is outselling windows 8 microsoft has every reason to push its latest os , app store and all . 
  at this stage , what benefit does linux gaming have over windows gaming ? 
  games play slower due to less optimized drivers , and there are overall less games on linux at the moment . 
  linux does usually have the benefit of less memory usage , but coupled with poor driver performance games are not likely to run any faster anyway . 
  linux is simply not a strong contender of the pc market share * at the moment * , and until they are pc gaming is still relies mostly on the success of the dominant platform ( windows ), 
  i did n't consider macs to be a part of the pc ecosystem , but even macs suffer from a lack of gaming titles , and again osx has nowhere near the market share of windows . 
  furthermore , as far as i know both windows 7 and windows 8 adoption rates still dwarf both linux and mac adoption rates , which would suggest windows ' success plays an important role in the success of the pc platform . 
  and again , as far as i know windows 8 has a higher current adoption rate than windows 7 , otherwise microsoft would legitimately be in trouble . 
  i have n't researched anything to back any of this up , but this is what i know from generally being on the internet . 
  but windows 8 is already the ambiguously better gaming platform with lower resource consumption , faster boot times , faster resume , and defender built in ( which means you probably do n't need a antivirus , saving resources ) . 
  and like vista and xp , windows 7 will receive fewer updates to improve speed , security and functionality . 
  considering you can remove metro entirely if you want , windows 8 pro is a straight upgrade from windows 7 , and the only reason not to get it would be a preference for mac or linux , or you do n't want to pay for it . 
  and again i assume windows 8 has a faster adoption rate than windows 7 , and although it has a larger user base than windows 7 ,, 
  [ steam statistics ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey ) ( which i would consider to be the de facto gaming pc statistics ) show that windows 8 already has a 6 % market share ( +2 % over the last month , and windows 7 -2 % over the last month ) ,, 
  so it would seem that windows 8 will grow to be not only the better but more dominant pc gaming platform over time . 
  yep , moles are a dark brown , while most freckles are just a darker shade of the persons skin colour . 
  he 's still around , he just resides in smaller subreddits to avoid attention . 
  mega is getting frequently overloaded , and will probably continue to do so for the next few days , so probably not comcast unless more extensive cases of this appear . 
  matthewmatosis is my favorite up and coming video game reviewer , because he genuinely reviews all facets of the game and thus gives a highly educated opinion on each game he reviews . 
  there are a number of species of birds ( i have no references ) that are very smart , and can become extremely bored without stimulation , which is not a good thing when these birds are often kept as pets and left in cages for most of their lives . 
  video production , ` nuff said . 
  the nature of bnet forums is complex , but basically imagine a toxic support forum , where people love the game and love to complain about the game . 
  i think i understood the story you were trying to tell , and it could have definitely made for an interesting short with the right direction . 
  but nice experiment nonetheless !, 
  to be fair maccheroni is the italian spelling , so she could have gotten mixed up . 
  tribes is n't going downhill . 
  it went downhill , but the developers have started cutting slack and listening to the community , which can only improve the experience . 
  i only got 8.7 , the time limit definitely puts strain on your sensors to get it right . 
  color blind mode would be a nightmare . 
  so playing games where you murder people is fine , but rape is `` fucked up '' ? 
  i thought russia sent landers to venus in the 1960-1980s , taking a few pictures of the surface of venus ? 
  that 's what i assumed he was saying too , but it still seemed significant enough to note that venus got some time to shine too . 
  two years ago a member of newgrounds.com made a joke rpg called `` super pstw action rpg '' where all you needed to do was press the space bar to progress through the game . 
  one person who reviewed the game not only took it seriously , but could not spell or use proper english conventions . 
  what uni did you end up going to ? 
  waikato has a computer graphic design course , and i have n't found any calculus prerequisites , but i imagine it is not nearly as in depth as a dedicated computer science course . 
  just for future reference , there is an edit button under your post . 
  that 's okay . 
  i 'm not a mathematically-minded person , and i would love to get into some reasonable computer science/design course without having to put up with calculus . 
  so the others were n't killed as seriously ? 
  except how is the car going to get out of the ditch by itself without being damaged in some way . 
  chrome is efficiency , firefox is functionality , both complement and contrast each other . 
  both introduce new open standards and often collaborate to accelerate the development of web standards . 
  combining the two would only result in more developers who are less organized , and would have the effective incremental update rate of either firefox or chrome . 
  five years ? 
  agreed . 
  i had to read a guide on [ xda ] ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1970577 ) to find all the files to properly uninstall it after it had met my needs . 
  edit : reddit duped the comments for some reason . 
  not if you run the stylish script that fixes the layout . 
  i kinda prefer subs over dubs anyway , and there are usually fansubs online if they are not in the video itself .
