  i do n't know about you . 
  magnetic tapes are actually still improving gradually over time for this reason , and are pretty much required for archival . 
  current tapes can store upwards of 8.5 tb per tape uncompressed , at 2gb/s , and last decades . 
  so there goes a third of all anime , manga and light novels , i guess ? 
  anyone who has n't already read the light novel needs to read this image related to [ oreimo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hh9eqsj.jpg ) . 
  it might not change your reaction towards the end , but gives much more sense to it . 
  the fact that they gloss over some of the points almost completely changes all of the apparent character relationships , and the apparent competence of the plot . 
  i read the manga . 
  they change the climax in the anime to conclude it , otherwise it follows well . 
  but including the ovas it only covers maybe a fifth of the manga . 
  . . i liked it ... 
  it actually handles much of the loli in a mature manner . 
  i think the author actually wrote a short depicting what would happen if minami did n't get involved . 
  basically everyone has a healthy relationship and nothing really interesting happens . 
  it 's almost a `` bad end '' in a way , with no otakus , no incest , and no triangles . 
  [ this is a pretty important image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hh9eqsj.jpg ) for anyone watching oreimo as the anime actually skips many important points which completely change the character relationships . 
  those watching oreimo for the first time should bookmark this image for after the flashback episode in s2 . 
  it might not make the ending `` better '' , but it certainly makes the plot much more competent . 
  the light novel also contains many internal monologues which considerably reduce the `` misleading '' aspects of the anime . 
  and unlike yesterday 's op , watch it subbed . 
  please . 
  i was surprised how much i liked it after watching it a second time too . 
  it really is one of those shows which you appreciate more over time . 
  i wo n't get into an argument of subs vs dubs in general , but the clannad dub is * pretty bad * . 
  the timing of the dialogue is either absurdly awkward , or genuinely incorrect . 
  everyone pronounces everyone else 's name completely wrong . 
  few of the characters can pull off moe at all , and the rest just sound like something out of a poorly made disney channel live action . 
  nagisa , one of the main characters , is called `` nageezer '' the entire show for no apparent reason . 
  you should put more practise into watching subs , because what most people afraid of subs do n't realise is that over time you can pull into a state of synesthesia , where the reading feels natural . 
  trust me , the subs are more immersive than the dubs in this case , no matter your overarching philosophy towards it . 
  if you 're really having a hard time with the subs ' flow , try patching in a fansub like doki . 
  she gets her own episode !, 
  do n't you get it ? 
  as soon as you leave high-school , you . . become boring . . or die . . or go back to high school . . or something . 
  that 's why you decentralise . 
  use bittorrent and magnet links . 
  probably because you download everything form the pirate bay . 
  you could seed it yourself , or if your internet is from a third world country , use a reliable tracker , a private tracker even . 
  if you must use a terrible tracker , you could hire a seedbox . 
  you could use a darknet client . 
  besides , how is this not a `` popular '' file ? 
  even on terrible trackers , files which people want other people to know about will get seeded anyway . 
  there 's a myriad of possibilities when it comes to decentralised data transfer . 
  i think the first two seasons were better than their manga counterparts , but they really butchered the third season because they skipped the majority of the entire manga up until that point . 
  the only event consistent with the manga is the ending , where everything else is a game of tying up loose ends . 
  it 's not like there was n't any more interesting conquests either ; yui , kohai and tsukiyo 's conquests were all awesome , and they could have followed the manga 's pace and started the `` goddess search '' properly , leaving the goddesses arc to season 4 . 
  not sure why they do n't like the voice actor though . 
  if anything , they hindered the potential of any future series ' , as now any reference to past events will probably require reading the manga or elaborate flashbacks . 
  the franchise itself tends to be very inconsistent in it 's popularity . 
  whenever a moe character is in conquest , the manga spikes in sales . 
  you could even say that shiori is the reason why the manga became a long serialisation . 
  most monitors will not be capable of this , however the idea is that the standard which amd uses already exists , has some existing implementations and is open . 
  display manufacturers will be able to create new screens which support this technology at a far lesser cost compared to g-sync which is owned wholly by nvidia and licensed to manufacturers . 
  it 's a bit like how nvidia pushes cuda technology while amd pushes opencl . 
  nvidia 's business strategy is essentially to try and control the market behind proprietary lines . 
  i did n't mean to suggest that freesync itself was a standard , but you are right . 
  dp1 .3 should arrive in desktop displays naturally over time , but there 's no harm in display manufacturers from marketing new gaming-oriented monitors with `` freesync support '' . 
  if anything it will encourage greater use of open standards ( vesa ) . 
  in a way psycho-pass is as much a reflection on past japan as it is an idea of the future . 
  nice . 
  the final ten minutes was all down to mere frames , it was crazy . 
  super grats to ivan for the clutch victory , and props to krauser for the awesome comeback . 
  to be fair , with the coming rewrite and subsequent updates obs should handily eclipse x-split . 
  fullscreen gives the game near complete control over the systems resources . 
  this is ideal in a general sense , but if you want to alt-tab , or stream , or use different monitors for different tasks , you tend to have a bad time . 
  even without mantle , bear in mind that at this point there 's still a solid 10-20 % performance to be gained in driver updates over the coming year . 
  as long as your internet does n't cut out , you can stream at almost any upload speed . 
  just do n't expect it to look any good for high-motion/detail games . 
  check the settings estimator [ here ] ( https://obsproject.com/estimator ) to figure out how high a resolution you may be able to stream at . 
  with lower resolutions you can downscale a higher resolution input which may improve quality somewhat . 
  similarly if you have an i7/fx/many cores processor , and reasonably fast ram you can improve the output of the video encoder . 
  the best way to stream and store video output is the above software , obs . 
  it 's free and is at near feature parity with the premium alternative , and will also become superior to the premium alternative in a few months . 
  yes , it can optionally store exclusively or simultaneously . 
  except intel has n't even been releasing more powerful consumer-grade chips for three straight generations ; only power usage reductions ( and now competent integrated graphics ) . 
  your haswell will barely perform any better compared to it 's sandy bridge counterpart unless it purely involves integrated graphics . 
  the issue i have is that people will become comfortable with paying for unfinished products , much like dlc . 
  imagine if the war z was released in this way . 
  people can no longer criticise the game because instead of being a `` finished '' product for purchase , the label changed to `` unfinished '' , so arguments over a broken , underdeveloped game are now invalid , yet the developers still get all the money . 
  would ea be filed a lawsuit if they marketed and released a battlefield 4 `` beta '' which simply dropped the beta tag when the crashes got fixed ? 
  that is entirely left to the good will of the developer however . 
  the war z and battlefield 4 are both being actively fixed and improved after launch , but does it make it any more acceptable that they released an unfinished game ? 
  this system might solve problems for developers , but in the wider picture this is a hugely anti-consumer problem . 
  in no other industry is it acceptable or even conceivable for the consumer to accept a product which is functionally incomplete , yet available for sale , purely because it has an `` unfinished '' label thrown on it . 
  if we are willing to usher in an industry where unfinished products are openly accepted and purchased , we first have to change how a business works . 
  businesses exist to make money first , and consumer goodwill is at best second . 
  you may be a developer with good will , but you are using your good will as a means to boost sales as a business , and other business may be set up such that goodwill is not even a priority . 
  what 's stopping a aaa developer from releasing a multi-platform game where the pc port is broken , but safely laid under the `` early access '' blanket , to be solved at a later date ? 
  unfinished games are a problem outside of early access , which is why early access is a problem . 
  because unfinished games are not a problem inside of early access , and the consumer is left nothing but a labeled warning , if any unfinished product were hypothetically blanketed under the `` unfinished '' label , there would be `` no problems '' with the product . 
  instead of the hate and spite all these developers got , they would suddenly be barons of `` consumer goodwill '' for releasing their product unfinished , and `` working with consumers '' to develop the product to a functioning state . 
  i personally just do n't feel that this is fair to the consumer on any level . 
  i may be generalising , but how does that enforce the counterargument ? 
  you might be creating games out of passion , but that is not the general business model for any industry , let alone video games . 
  the fact of the matter is that labelling products as `` unfinished '' and furthermore opening a category of products under this `` unfinished '' label in one of the largest e-commerce outlets , could not be seen as net `` pro consumer '' by any stretch of the imagination . 
  `` openness '' and `` honesty '' and `` good-will '' are totally up to the whims of the developer , and i ca n't see how some developers will not use early-access as a free-ticket to publish their game early for a quick buck . 
  psycho-pass makes use of the darker grunge style quite a bit , and combines it with cg nicely . 
  if you have n't watched it already , i 'd wholly recommend it . 
  i 'd also recommend you watch the bd release , as some of the later tv/web episodes have unfinished animation . 
  despite all the shit we give ourselves , * relative to other countries * we are pretty well off .
