  the whole thing is a sponsor 's game + tnz , really . 
  ique is basically nintendo 's chinese market version of most of their consoles . 
  the kickstarter ended , the kicksterter model is not the consumer version , and the consumer version will not go on sale until later this/next year . 
  here 's to awesome bitcoin service !, 
  source engine is pretty flexible , likewise it 's grandfather goldsrc and quake engine . 
  even the latest call of duty engine uses a ( heavily ) modified quake 3 engine , and titanfall uses a modified source engine . 
  even comparing css to csgo is a proof of that . 
  plus , newer games on older engines can make them look better simply by virtue of the lowest common denominator of computer hardware being far more capable , allowing a game 's particle and level design to be far more detailed . 
  arguing the point at which one engine becomes another is pretty pointless ( at what point did quake 3 become iw engine ? 
  ) , nonetheless it is between source and quake , both of which i discussed . 
  goldsrc definitely very flexible , and i do n't really need to sing it 's praises or point to examples because they 're already here . 
  can someone explain to me the difference between `` cloud computing '' and application-specific servers ? 
  from the accurate definitions we seem to get of `` ecology '' and `` synergy '' , i can literally only guess that `` cloud '' is a catch-all term for application-specific servers , both dedicated and virtualized . 
  and there 's nothing * more * annoying than not having a server to play on . 
  while the os may be lackluster , the technologies enabled in it 's development has already seen benefits outside of the os . 
  things like battery , calling and other historically oem-exclusive analytics and functions can be performed through javascript , and are also open-source . 
  plus if the only thing you use your phone for is browsing and calling/messaging , it 's a pretty reasonable os actually . 
  i think when we all abandoned runescape , and they did a partial graphical/mechanics overhaul and * later * got rid of the wilderness and nerfed trading . 
  ( basically what jagex does best ) . 
  edited for clarity , apparently people did n't understand the context before . 
  i 'm well aware , played the hell out of it . 
  `` graphical overhaul ? '', 
  simply meant that the removal was one of the key aspects of `` runescape 2 '' that caught it out of favor . 
  youtube by default uses heavy x264 compression , but i do n't know it that carries over to their streaming setup . 
  could also be a bit of a deal between valve and twitch for a little more hardcore audience headroom . 
  only 25 % ? 
  of the compendiums go to the international . 
  valve is wading in an extra 4 million right now ( more than enough paid off their initial offer , and probably much of the infrastructure . ), 
  on that one , the whole of episode 19 has infinite rewatch value . 
  agreed . 
  overdramitised , one-dimensional characters ( would have much preferred if they simply ignored a couple of background characters in favour of , you know , developing the main cast even slightly ? 
  ) , poor job of suspending disbelief , cheesy . 
  nice looking though , and grandma was definitely best character , pulled many of the loose ends together . 
  for those looking for a similar premise but far better plot , characters and mechanics , try dennou coil . 
  while i have not read them , from what i understand the original light novel was essentially the first and last two episodes of the `` first part '' ( being a ln competition submission and all ) , with the filler episodes being part of later novels . 
  granted i would have wholly preferred that they simply used some originality and extended the first part to a whole 24 episode season . 
  ( seriously , 4 year time-skips ? 
  fetch-quest episodes ? ), 
  on a perfectly clean , very large mirror , without a reference point in sight , it would be akin to focusing in mid-air . 
  this is possible , but oftentimes requires practice ( like those cross-eye/magic-eye pictures , where the `` image '' is in front/behind the object ) , or some kind of reference point like dust . 
  reading this reminds me of the psychotic nature of the `` helvetica standard '' shorts . 
  ( captions in options ), 
  i personally liked the monologue where the logical conclusion was of course `` there is no doubt in my mind . 
  in my next life , i want to be a bear . '', 
  that took me off-guard . 
  that 's new zealand . 
  i do n't think that analogy is fair , because a single-player narrative can be made to function with or without cutscenes , without really affecting the narrative ( scripted sequences amongst other things ) . 
  exactly , and blizzard will continue to simply scale back the servers until the game becomes unprofitable ( that could easily take a decade/never ) , at which point they could of course go free-to-play , giving it a bit of that `` why not '' spark . 
  can someone provide the timestamp for this/any other cool moments ? 
  while i agree sao went all bad at the 13 episode mark , it 's still commendable the amount of effort the guy put into it , traced or not . 
  i feel it was more that the production value were pretty incredible throughout , while the premise for the first half was cool , and the second half being wholly unnecessary and stupid . 
  sometimes i wonder if the show would have been better or worse off if they used some original script-work , strayed from the ln 's a bit and simply filled in the first half ( like , you know , that 4 year time skip ) . 
  nonetheless the effort put into anything like this is commendable , really . 
  photons have no mass . 
  i was going to ask if this was related to voxlap , but it seems this is n't really a voxel engine at all . 
  i do n't know how people ended up mistaking voxels for low-resolution textured cubes . 
  why did n't they call it cubecraft.js or something then ? 
  seriously , why do n't they just use the bandwidth to have 4k channels ? 
  or auction/lease more to the carriers ? 
  stream the time shifted channels on the internet if it 's that much a concern . 
  every harem defaults to this and mc-kun . 
  my only exception is taiga . 
  dont even know mc-kun . 
  i have to work to remember kyou , who is tied with taiga for best character . 
  ( mikoto misaka does n't count . ), 
  the name has to be rhythmic or snappy , and repeated constantly without switching between first/last names ( kokoro connect , my brain . 
  what 's your \u221e 8 score ? 
  is n't there some sao-like anime coming up in the summer/autumn lineup ? 
  i wonder what that will be like . 
  if memory proceeds me , the most romantic moments in the series ' happen in the op . 
  while the ending leaves something to be desired , what would they really do ? 
  unlike spice and wolf , the romance was central to the plot , and i 'm in two minds whether an after story would really show off all that much . 
  maybe a 4-6 part ova after story would be cool . 
  unless nintendo does a big holiday price drop , this is going to be the cheapest it will be for a good year . 
  lots of potentially good wiiu games coming out later this year/2014 . 
  wonderful 101 , smash bros , pikmin is out if you 're into that , mario kart/world , windwaker hd and some other stuff . 
  being able to play the console in another room in some cases is pretty cool too . 
  same in new zealand , but when the lazy teachers used some australian video tutorial for this , the guy kept calling it `` bodmas '' and reiterating that the `` o '' did n't mean anything . 
  i did n't even, 
  i figured they would n't just arbitrarily ruin an acronym like that , pretty lazy teaching on that front . 
  considering the time scale it 's basically four times as long . 
  in reality most animation is usually performed on either twos or threes ( drawing every second or third frame ) , meaning at any point you will generally only see 8-12fps of `` animation '' , excluding cgi and camera movement . 
  you might even have lower frame-rates in dialogue or `` setting '' sequences . 
  these tricks were used quite glaring in , for example , evangelion where a setting shot could be 1 frame per minute , or a character might cover their face , completely removing animation from a dialogue sequence . 
  ones are when a studio has money to burn , are using cgi , are using particularly under-detailed characters and backgrounds ( ie western cartoons ) or really need a smoothly choreographed scene . 
  considering the requirement for 1080p masters nowadays as well , good luck getting full-blown hand-drawn ones and twos without cutting corners somewhere . 
  and for some reason people complain about studios using cgi saying it 's `` not natural '' , further complicating matters . 
  it would be like if truegaming had atheism as a linked subreddit . 
  sure people do n't have to associate with it . 
  but why is it even there ? 
  i went to an all guys school , so combined with this it was basically a slice of life with yaoi undertext . 
  good times . 
  no girls . 
  spice and wolf is pretty close mind you , the relationship effectively begins with the first episode . 
  the only way it would fit in my mind is if it employed a hyouka-esque infographic puzzle time scene . 
  would love me a starcraft anime . 
  some of the shading looks to be a bit arbitrary , but otherwise i really dig the style !, 
  the thing is most people also consider an `` average '' show to be `` fine '' as in just good enough . 
  as someone mentioned before , these companies basically have lawyers stroll through engineer 's offices , and write up patents for any idea a hardware/software engineer is working on/considering . 
  obfuscate it ( ie `` binocular spatial interface '' for head mounted display ) , take wild swings at as broad a context possible , and you can easily bank up enough broadly-scoped `` ideas '' to help or hinder .
