  language shifts tend to be tied to cultural shifts , and language variation is often tied to cultural variation . 
  from there , i think it is a lot easier to justify the study of past and present culture . 
  it 's hard to say whether the ball crossed the line , or started going into the air with that frame . 
  with 60fps footage it would be pretty clear , though . 
  i believe someone successfully accessed the wii u gamepad through wifi a couple of months ago , but it was a generally convoluted process . 
  i wonder what progress has been made since ? 
  edit : [ the project is here , and it still seems to be alive !, 
  ] ( http://libdrc.org/index.html ), 
  i wonder if they were still trying to hit 48fps 5k on the cg in the hobbit , because the cg towards the end of the desolation of smaug looked like something from a ps2 game . 
  can gfycat save 4:4:4 rather than 4:2:0 used here , though ? 
  the color bleeding there is kind of terrible . 
  gifs are 4:4:4 , though . 
  the html5 video here is 4:2:0, 
  plenty of landline phones only have a tiny , shitty lcd screen , or the people using the landline do n't actually know how it works other than `` i put numbers in and i can talk to people ! '', 
  i have seen several people not figure out how to answer an * iphone call * despite the instructions being printed * right on the screen * . 
  if you look to the final few sections , you will see that the mean/median times for cs1 .6 per-player are still almost as source players . 
  it 's not hard to assume then , that the play times would have been dramatically greater back in its heyday . 
  not counting passover , the only jewish holiday i can think of is the one they celebrate as an alternative to christmas . 
  i think that you can know enough about jewish culture and not necessarily know about its festivals and what have you . 
  while that does mean you are generalizing a population , that 's how the majority of these people will be handling their `` opinion '' of a `` population '' anyway . 
  probably something along the lines of `` 10 female directors of series you might have heard of '' , i do n't think there 's anything between the lines to read here . 
  nevertheless , the increase in female directors as of late is a welcome and healthy thing for the anime industry as a whole , i feel . 
  the the industry moves towards fully realized gender equality , the more interesting and innovative everyone will be . 
  plus i do n't have any problem with moeguys !, 
  fight cancer with cancer . 
  while we ca n't blame op because the youtube video itself is a repost , [ here is the link to a better quality , original video . 
  the eye is n't uniformly sensitive to colour . 
  you simply find some of the peaks of human visibility vs wavelengths and convert it to hexadecimal . 
  the eye is n't uniformly sensitive to colour . 
  relative to 4kids , funimation is the second coming . 
  but that does n't change the fact that they use the same voice actors for everything . 
  it 's like visiting the same small town theater for every stage performance . 
  i might be getting pedantic here , but i just could n't ignore the fact that he used such a weak font for the text . 
  even something free like [ franchise ] ( http://www.dafont.com/franchise.font ) would really help to bring some impact out of the text . 
  you would probably have been able to take high-resolution screenshots of a webfont and clip/antialias them before placing them into the video as images . 
  but i understand now that you tried at least , which is always awesome . 
  lsd has been known to stimulate the visual center of the brain in many strange ways . 
  even those with normal colour perception will be able to hallucinate [ imaginary colours ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imaginary_color ) . 
  the brain can only process what has been input , and if you are missing cones , then you will only get detailed inputs of certain hues . 
  what you are seeing is probably not an `` anti-colour-blindness '' effect , but rather you are enhancing existing perception with a layer of `` imaginary '' information . 
  like a post-process effect of sorts . 
  not that this in itself is a bad thing at all , but do n't start taking lsd regularly because of this . 
  in the future it might be possible to supplement the optic nerve with additional colour information , which could prove beneficial to colour blindness , but that 's in the realm of 10-15 years away at this point . 
  if you are interested in `` pre-processing '' colour information , you can always try the enchroma lenses . 
  `` drops into red '' implies that the value of the company is following a downward trend , or that the company is in dire straits . 
  something more along the lines of `` takes a hit '' or not leaving anything sensational at all would have been more appropriate . 
  if you want to argue semantics , then you should at least know that `` in the red '' can mean both `` operating in debt '' and `` operating at a loss '' , the latter of which you are ascribing the `` true meaning '' . 
  as an idiom , `` into the red '' commonly means either operating in debt , or operating at a loss . 
  dropping into the red therefore implies that they were fine up until now , but are now in debt or operating at a loss . 
  this can easily be misunderstood , and appears to have been taken notice by a number of people here . 
  this could have been avoided entirely if the headline simply stated `` eve online developer ccp , had a loss of $ 21 million in in fy 2013 '', 
  [ well , it is ] ( http://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/in+the+red ) , but i guess the hivemind has already decided that your opinion is the only correct one . 
  it could be interesting to remove the 1,000 most common words , and then compare this against several other `` generic '' porn sites . 
  i like having the p in the name , otherwise for all i know i could be discussing 1080 poison with a friend . 
  while more people * are * buying laptops and tablets , it 's not like desktops suddenly disappeared . 
  if anything , i would argue that desktops reached saturation point last year . 
  `` market share '' statistics are misleading for desktops , because it suggests that people go out and buy a new desktop every year or two like they might buy a new tablet or laptop . 
  plus , laptops are just mini-pcs with batteries in them , windows tablets mini-er . 
  as long as people need a proper work environment , pcs will continue to exist . 
  and if you do n't * really * need that laptop over a stationary work environment , you could get a pc which combines your work requirements and gaming requirements at a much lower net cost . 
  smartphones are not mini-tablets or laptops , because they use arm . 
  if smartphones started using x86 processors and ran an os with power-user features , yeah i would call them miniature pcs . 
  essentially , if i put a phone inside of a pc case and you could not tell me whether the case contained an atx motherboard or a phone without looking inside , i would call it a pc . 
  you can successfully perform this thought experiment with most laptops and some tablets , but few if no phones . 
  this definition of `` x86 '' might become a bit wonky with the introduction of amd 's new arm processor , but the general thought experiment stands . 
  that logic is a wibbly-wobbly ball of logicy-wobligicy-stuff . 
  last survey showed that something like 1/3 of / r/anime people also browse / a / , so it is n't exactly surprising . 
  one would assume he means replacing the spring from the brown with something heavier or lighter , say from blacks . 
  in fact in some cases it would be even `` easier '' to do with the mouse as the parallax effect does not need to occur . 
  i would imagine that this could be used as an alternative to vsync that maintains camera-framerate and reduces overall latency . 
  it is important to bear in mind that this would not improve actual framerates , just the framerate of the camera/viewport . 
  hey , maybe it was a really good modem . 
  an enterprise-grade cisco or prosumer asus router , possibly . 
  likewise the laptop could have been some 2004 dell laptop . 
  the thief could be smarter than we could be giving them credit for . 
  i 'm not one to buy games off of a weekly cycle of review hype , and i understand that there is a place for that , but i would much rather have a number of amateurs take an extensive period of time to comprehensively analyze the merits and detractors of a game . 
  while it 's great that `` games journalists '' can churn out a consensus from a single-playthrough experience , i would rather have the confidence that a game i am sinking my time into actually stacks up well mechanically and in design . 
  i think we have all been burnt at some point where we bought a game close to launch to rave reviews , only for it to turn out `` kind-of good '' , and have the hype subside as people realize that the game did n't actually do anything particularly compelling in its design . 
  as a new zealander , for the longest time i was wondering what people were even talking about when they mentioned double spaces after periods , at which point i realized that the vast majority of sites format-out double spaces anyway , so it never occurred to me in the first place . 
  like in your post , for example . 
  what was the original justification for double spaces ? 
  readability ? 
  i guess it made more sense on older typewriters/printers . 
  they are active on reddit , hold greater authority , were aware of the situation the entire time , and did nothing . 
  they are equally as responsible . 
  if the landing malfunctioned at some point , the cost/risk of letting it drop over the ocean is probably also cheaper . 
  laptops are less serviceable , and more expensive than an equivalent desktop with equivalent power output and equivalent uninterrupted-power-supply system . 
  like i said , if you do n't actually * need * a laptop over a stationary work environment ( and when i hear people say need , they probably mean that they * need * to check their emails at the cafe , or write an article on the plane , at which point you would usually use your phone or expendable laptop anyway ) , then desktops are still the way to go . 
  and if your workstation is also at home , then you can make it more capable of gaming at a much lower cost than buying a console , and you can get most games for cheaper as a bonus . 
  the physics and the method of growing some of the veins is inherently chaotic . 
  this is generalizing and simplifying a lot , but in some cases the dna is basically saying `` grow veins over there '' rather than `` put the veins along this specific route '' . 
  i thought people banned it after that one editor faked having cancer , then tried pretending it never happened in the first place , then blamed the criticism on the `` toxic nature '' of reddit ? 
  some subs also simply banned it because the majority of content coming out of it at the time was low-effort , sensational or clickbait . 
  that 's one way to put it . 
  the way veins , and a variety of other areas of the body grow is more of a careful strategy than a blueprint . 
  it seems i was using the wrong terminology , and actually meant [ impossible colours ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impossible_color ) . 
  lsd creates this effect by increasing the rate at which the cone cells in the eye degrade ( much like how looking at the pavement at disney world makes the surrounding environment appear more vibrant , by degrading l cones ) . 
  this degrading of the cells will easily result in mixing saturations and hues in physically `` impossible '' ways such as an orange more saturated than pure orange . 
  this was possibly one reason why you saw so many contrasting vibrant patterns on textiles back when lsd was at the height of its use . 
  an unrelated mechanism by which impossible colours can be viewed is though binocular rivalry , where the left and right eyes see two complementary colours , and the brain `` fills in the gap '' .
