  most patent office workers have to use google to work out prior art , and especially in the well obfuscated patents they can easily get stuck invalidating them . 
  [ anyone can help to invalidate these kinds of patents within a few dozen minutes of free time !, 
  ] ( http://patents.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/prior-art-request?sort=active&amp;pagesize=25 ), 
  would have liked to have at least watched the raw footage down-sampled , or a 1080p downsample with mpc-kcp, 
  there are also certain `` pairs '' or `` trios '' of anime which i would recommend too . 
  considering you have delved into angel beats , one duo i would recommend would be anohana followed by setokai yakuindomo , and/or seitokai no ichizon . 
  the latter two are a bit more otaku compared to your previous anime . 
  a random and somewhat difficult to explain combo for me is kokoro connect and chuunibyou . 
  they are both really good anime , and i would recommend saving these for a `` quality drought '' where you have watched consecutive `` low engagement '' or just middling quality shows . 
  a good trio ? 
  for a little later might be toradora , clannad , clannad after story then nichijou . 
  primer , full course , breather . 
  at some point you will want to try out slice of life . 
  it 's slow , there 's no way around it , and you may just like it if you give it the time . 
  and k-on !!, 
  are obvious examples . 
  i like these as `` breathers '' or `` easy watching '' shows between big dramas/epics , or when i do n't really feel like engaging much . 
  they are feel-good anime , no drama , a little comedy . 
  easy . 
  there are also shows where one should be watched before another , often because one show executes an idea better than another , but the other one incorporates it into a more varying , intertwined plot . 
  one example would be madoka ( it 's also a good idea if you have watched at least a little of some magical girl anime by this point ) , before steins ; gate . 
  both have been acclaimed `` modern masterpieces '' of anime by the community in some cases , and draw on some similar , some differing ideas . 
  mecha !, 
  oh boy , the japanese staples . 
  at some point you 're going to want that action fix again , and obvious personal recommendations for cuberpunk would by ghost in the shell ( watch the original 80s film , the sequel is optional , then the `` stand alone complex '' series ' , then the `` solid state society '' film . ), 
  if by this point you have watched madoka and/or fate/zero , you will know about gen urobuchi . 
  he wrote those . 
  he also wrote psycho-pass , a recent , more `` grounded '' cyberpunk . 
  mecha ? 
  everyone will tell you to watch neon genesis evangelion . 
  at this point your options are to watch the 90 's anime , the `` rebuild '' movies , or both . 
  as someone who did not grow up with `` classic '' anime , i personally did n't find the original evangelion that great . 
  it set the precedent for many good anime to come , but it 's production quality and lackluster execution leaves much to be desired . 
  imo , watch the `` rebuild films '' which bring this show into the 21st century . 
  there 's also gurren lagann . 
  the blu rays just came out !, 
  this is a fantastic mecha which is also in ways the embodiment of all past mecha . 
  another show people will talk about is full metal panic . 
  it tries a novel combination of genres , and sometimes it succeeds , sometimes it does n't . 
  the `` second '' season fmp fumoffu does away with most of the mecha and is deadpan comedy genius . 
  worth a watch . 
  `` moe '' or `` fanservice '' shows have been controversial as of late , some calling it the cancer that is killing anime . 
  by now , and definitely in the future you will have picked up on numerous japanese and anime tropes and themes . 
  these shows basically accentuate these . 
  personally i enjoy them , they 're like michael bay films except pandering to otakus . 
  pretty much all slice of life also basically falls into this category . 
  but shows specific to this theme would include macademi wasshoi , infinite stratos , bakemonogatari/nekomonogatari/nisemonogatari , arguably haruhi , and lucky star ( a kind of slice of life meta-anime starring a cute highschool girl otaku ) . 
  analogous to this is the `` harem '' anime , where one protagonist unwittingly forms a circle of relationships with other girls around him , and various tropes and ideas are used to differentiate the girls and allow the protagonist to `` maintain the harem '' . 
  seitokai no ichizon and macademi wasshoi are previous examples which also fall here , but another well executed show would be boku wa tomoda tomodachi ga sukunai . 
  to make your own inferences on future combos , usually a slice of life , comedy or fanservice show will fit nicely between an action , drama , romance or horror . 
  mighty weird shows : there are some shows , including macademi wasshoi , that are just a bit too much for some people to handle . 
  kodomo no jikan is borderline child porn but uses the fundamental absurdity to introduce all sorts of really interesting plot devices that you do n't get in media . 
  if you make it through this series and have even a fleeting interest , there is a manga which completes the story . 
  serial experiments lain is also a mighty weird show , but it 's been recognized for it 's artistic merit over time . 
  these are the kinds of shows which exist in isolation , something you do n't really want or need to partner with anything else . 
  they can be watched when you decide to watch them . 
  watch toaru kagaku no railgun , not index . 
  it 's my opinion , but it 's not alone in thinking the plot in index was seriously bland and uninteresting , as well as having the most obnoxious , classic `` dialogue '' fight scenes , where the protagonist and antagonist * discuss the plot * , when where how and why they are in this situation , who may or may not defeat the other , etc etc. 
  protagonist then punches antagonist in the face ( that 's his special ability ) , gets another girl in his harem for whatever reason . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  index has two sides to it 's story . 
  the `` pseudoscience '' side and the magic side . 
  they basically cancel out in a mess of tedious dialogue . 
  railgun focuses on different characters from the cast of index , and only the pseudoscience side , but still has some of the cast from index in minor roles . 
  far more interesting in my opinion . 
  in fact the only arcs in index which i could actually sit through were the ones involving the railgun cast in prominent roles , and generally not involving the magic side . 
  all opinion obviously , but heed warning . 
  unless we are talking hunting or shopping , you were not responsible for the animals ' death . 
  if a meal was prepared at a party or restaurant , the animal was guaranteed to be slaughtered , and you were not a part of the statistic they measured to determine production capacity . 
  what i am particularly getting at is , there 's no reason why you should n't try a meat dish at a party or restaurant sometime , where the meat was always and already prepared . 
  the process was already inevitable , and i 'm not getting at you but not trying it in these scenarios sound more like a boycott than a fundamental reason . 
  tried a couple meat dishes then ? 
  did n't like them ? 
  that 's fine . 
  refuse to consistently purchase meat products ? 
  that 's fine too . 
  religious/psychological ? 
  fair enough . 
  if it really is just a boycott , then we can agree to disagree here i suppose . 
  if it 's a moral reason , exercise your right to lobby , not your want to boycott . 
  a poor analogy would be to refuse play battlefield 3 at a friends house because you dislike ea 's business policies . 
  even if you might have played the game if it was a different company behind it . 
  your decision in playing the game changes nothing . 
  if you want to take a stand against said business policies , complain and lobby . 
  oh i 've watched all two seasons , and i can tell you it gets no less cliche . 
  if you feel like it 's getting pretty bad , go [ here ] ( http://toarumajutsunoindex.wikia.com/wiki/story_arcs ) and pick and choose your arcs ( if you want to know the plot of any arc you missed : damsel in distress/the city is in danger !, 
  lengthy conversation with antagonist 's accomplices and/or lengthy chase of antagonist , lengthy discussion with antagonist , punches antagonist in face . 
  if there was a damsel in distress , she is now part of his harem . 
  sometimes they mix it up and have multiple protagonists going through this process against multiple antagonists simultaneously ) . 
  i 've only ever found the arcs involving the esper characters to be interesting , and that 's possibly because i watched railgun first , giving them a little more connection . 
  that 's pretty much the reason why i watched s2 . 
  if you make it to the end , watch railgun , and maybe railgun s before s2 . 
  well arguably it 's the same show , just more interesting characters as protagonists . 
  and yuri . 
  i agree . 
  on the surface it seems to be pretty intuitive , and they do n't appear to be restricting themselves for the sake of appearing simple , like metro . 
  edit for clarity . 
  have n't watched fate/kaleid yet , but what is up with that ecchi poster ? 
  i mean , it 's an offbeat mahou shoujo , but really ? 
  but i mean , this is an official poster right ?
