  i feel that it can only really receive that title in sales alone ( you could also count that one 2ch poll ) . 
  i think the wish-service that made up the first third was extremely well executed , and the pacing towards the half-way-point was handled cleverly . 
  action sequences were choreographed excellently . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not alone in my opinion that the second half utterly squandered the show , turning our [ ] ( / s `` strong independant women into a damsel in distress '' ) , and overloading the wish-service into pure fanservice , leaving you wondering what the real point of that entire escapade was . 
  i 'm sure that there are some who feel that the series should have finished at the end of the first light novel , and likewise that the first light novel should have been far longer than it was originally intended to be , and to be honest i wholeheartedly agree . 
  if you take everything sao did right , you could easily put it in the running . 
  i 'm not saying that my ideal for a show is any greater than any other , but i feel that you absolutely need to weigh in the negatives equally if not more harshly for a grandiose title so easily thrown around . 
  read the whole thing . 
  the show skips out on so much , particularly after the end of s2 , it is n't even funny . 
  even before the end of s2 , there are a ton of character developments which simply do n't take place in the anime . 
  after s2 there are 8 conquests and several side-arcs . 
  it even skips out on half of the plot during season 3 . 
  i would recommend red hawk translations , though all the translations are poor quality until around shiori 's conquest ( when the manga became popular ) . 
  i think that hollywood has touched on cyberpunk enough in the past that it at least * knows * what a good cyberpunk might look like . 
  whether it can be executed is another matter , but it 's exciting nonetheless . 
  if you think about it though , we were all 4 foot 8 at some point in our lives . 
  on the flipside , more fully qualified teachers and thus smaller classes would definitely improve education . 
  [ yuyushiki ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vekfuyxajru ) is basically yuru yuri during first year of highschool . 
  hell , they share some of the same characters , names and voice actors !, 
  as someone who started with recent anime before trying out older anime , the older anime tends to feel more formulaic for me . 
  even in the best shows of the 90s , characters tend to have a more obvious role , and genres were more defined back then , and as a result stories tended to not break the bounds of their own genre . 
  even the likes of evangelion , which might have been a revolution at the time , just feels like one of many `` deconstruction '' animes to me , of which many recent ones perform a better job of , even if inspired by evangelion . 
  the act of deconstruction can in itself be formulaic , which does n't lend well to the smaller idea-base of 80-90s anime . 
  considering the xbox emulator cxbx can boot a grand total of 3 games to the start screen , play one ( without audio or shadows ) , and not do much else , and no other xbox emulator can do any better , i think it 's safe to say that you wo n't be seeing last-gen emulators any time soon . 
  with possible exception to 3ds ( no progress has been made in 2 years ) , the days of feasible emulation are long behind us . 
  unless engineering reports for soft , firm and hardware for any given console were leaked and someone was able to reproduce a software emulator using this spec , there really is n't a time-frame on even getting a game to boot , let alone funciton in some capacity . 
  how is giving context to the complexity of a situation illogical ? 
  both the 360 and ps3 architectures are far more complex than the xbox architecture , and nvidia does n't release any documentation regarding anything at all ( even internally ) , so developers , even engineers not `` in the know '' , are almost completely in the dark in terms of how these gpus function . 
  in that regard i would concede that the xbox 360 has more potential on the gpu front for emulation , but the gpu is only one hand in many at play in the emulation of a system . 
  the gamecube and wii, 
  in a similar fashion to how literally nothing escapes the `` village elders '' of nvidia , nothing except for the means by which to program the systems gets released from the console creators themselves ( for example , it 's been 2 years and no one can confirm accurate specs for the wii u ) . 
  it does n't matter how many talented programmers you throw at an emulation project , if you 're working in the dark there 's only so much you can fundamentally grasp about a system , particularly as the underlying technology becomes further shrouded in proprietary goodness . 
  there is very little which any developer even understands about the xbox 360 and ps3 , let alone the original xbox , outside of how to write code for it . 
  while the xbox emulator can only run a few games , with only a couple playable , no 360 or ps3 emulator can even get a game to boot in the first place . 
  for more context fun , the xbox emulator has been able to at least boot games since the last gen consoles launched . 
  he is probably one of the most popular `` pc enthusiast '' youtubers out there , but considering linus is an uncommon name , most people do confuse it with torvalds at first . 
  plus a 4k monitor does n't need anywhere near as much anti-aliasing , if at all . 
  anand guesses it might be around the $ 100 mark . 
  die shrink means very little unless the saved space is being used for more transistors ( often not the case , it 's usually used for increased profit margins ) . 
  more interesting factors would be transistor count , architecture design and ips . 
  smaller size can mean lower power/heat , but that is not inherent . 
  x86 is an unwieldy architecture , and intel , amd in particular are known for their crack design teams . 
  i have no doubt amd will make some clever use of arm . 
  while it is a bit of a pipe dream , i find it cute to imagine that valve expands into the japanese market through nintendo , and nintendo captures it 's `` blue ocean '' in a partnership with valve in some form . 
  gabe has said in the past that he loves nintendo , but the hardware , software and service it provides simply does n't match the content valve provides . 
  integrating steam into future platforms would single handedly solve the online issue , does n't fall into direct `` competition '' , and draws pc gamers towards future nintendo hardware , which nintendo stipulates would `` provide a unique experience '' . 
  the interview with eurogamer ? 
  a while back , of a developer working on pre-release wii u hardware , asked nintendo engineers about the online experience . 
  he used analogies to xbox live and psn , but the engineers admitted they do n't look at other platforms . 
  i do not have the source on hand either . 
  [ lenovo already make phones ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lenovo_smartphones ) , they are just exclusive to the chinese market, 
  they have said that they are working on it for some time now . 
  i 'd imagine they only have one or two staff working on it , given it 's still not finished . 
  alternatively , the uni power tank will also work upside down , and is the sister of the ever popular jetstream . 
  the design of this looks like something out of 2004 . 
  granted kyoani is always pretty good with their animation , but i was really suprised , rewatching hyouka . 
  all of the characters have an innate lively , sluggish , dignified or refined `` movement '' to them that makes them all the more believable . 
  the quality of narrative , aesthetic and animation certainly does n't get harmed by otaku desires , sometimes it presents itself in far more subtle , yet meaningful ways . 
  i think the degradation in `` liveliness '' and `` realism '' that some animes suffer from is far more due to the race to the bottom for cost-effective animators . 
  i think he 's missing the point by a large margin . 
  there are hundreds of late-night-anime coming out each year , of course there will be some with poor quality , and some with great quality . 
  kyoani never ceases to surprise me with their lively characters , for example , while seitokai yakuindomo takes advantage of it 's comedy setting to avoid drawing anatomically correct figures all the time . 
  i think he 's complaining more about the low-budget , high margin shows of the likes of shaft , with really inconsistent figure and animation quality . 
  they take advantage of the fact that otakus wo n't necessarily buy a show just because it 's animated well . 
  that is true , but shippuden is n't produced around bd sales , it 's produced to appeal to teenagers who go home and watch shippuden in the afternoon . 
  a show can have otaku appeal even with spotty animation , if shaft is anything to go by . 
  see if you can watch the bds , unfortunately the animation quality degrades somewhat in the web/broadcast towards the final few episodes . 
  aol owns engadget , huffington post , techcrunch , joystiq , and a host of other popular internet blogs . 
  most companies manage far more than their visible brands suggest . 
  forza has a different control technicality , different tracks , vehicles , and interface . 
  yes , plague inc is a rip off of pandemic 2 , it does nothing differently at all . 
  this is n't some `` angry birds vs. crush the castle '' debate , the games are the same . 
  i assumed that it was from the same developer when i looked at it in the play store . 
  neither amd nor nvidia gpus run mantle . 
  this engine runs on dx11 as well as mantle . 
  there is a driver coming which enables mantle for the 290x , and support will trickle down to the other r-series cards over the coming weeks/months . 
  is that the english dub ? 
  i think it 's only the first half so far . 
  the dub did n't sound all that great from the trailer in any case . 
  with the right sharp object , boat and exercise , it would be feasible to develop a mid-term seafood diet . 
  the fact that he does n't believe in human-influenced climate change should ring alarm-bells for anyone . 
  i 've counted two from / r/physics , three form / r/science , and one from / r/technology and / r/worldnews . 
  granted those were the ones upvoted . 
  there are many scenarios where fudging an english pun or gag really does detract from the show , for example seitokai yakuindomo . 
  puns are usually set up scenes in advance , where any english pun would be weak , and a complete `` localisation '' of the context would throw out the purpose of the entire gag . 
  if you do n't have the ability to modify the source material , there are absolutely many occasions where simply leaving a tl note on the misunderstanding/pun suffices . 
  did they give them out well before the start-time ? 
  i only got my poster leaving the theatre , let alone the board . 
  damn , were they handing these out well before the start time ? 
  i only ended up with the poster . 
  welp , i would n't have been able to get them if i tried . 
  i woke up at 1pm , and drove from hamilton . 
  that is the guerillamail address . 
  there really is n't any catch-all way to quantify a show with a number , which is why scores become so generalised . 
  i 'm not a fan of scores in the first place , i think a better way to present reviews would be an `` idea ladder '' with basic ideas , lack of ideas and execution , from most to least descriptive . 
  `` no subversion , good pacing , poor originality , good mystery , no action '' for example , where good/poor/no `` ideas '' are present in a show . 
  i have n't quite figured out how people are running systems under 3-4gb of ram nowadays . . even though the price has gone up somewhat , it 's still dirt cheap . 
  using some low visual settings can actually decrease performance , as some tasks become even more cpu dependant . 
  you have it all wrong , he 's clearly using a pre-produciton variant of the intel 8085 . 
  how often do you see the digital sales disclosed for any game ?
