  twitch/youtube would love to use the latest opus/hi444px264 video , but adobe 's flash video player that everyone uses is abysmal , and supports only the least useful fraction of the h264 standard . 
  you are partially right however , in that variable bitrate and framerate is not allowed on twitch , which is super dumb from a desktop perspective . 
  however i imagine that much of their traffic comes from mid range smartphones nowadays . 
  good thing about software engineering/compsci is that there is always a job , just maybe not in the language or skills you are used to . 
  if you were taught properly however , you should be able to pick up the desired language competently within a week or two . 
  do n't go into software engineering assuming you are going to be able to be a debian sysadmin for the rest of your life , or something . 
  and 90 % of people who watch the dub will have never seen that trailer . 
  do n't we love pulling statistics out of our ass ? 
  it would n't take much to program in a variety of flair configurations for the robot to write , given certain situations and characteristics of the text . 
  you could even throw in a bit of procedural generation and neural networks . 
  with all that in mind , if someone gave you this paper and told you that it was handwritten , would you know any better ? 
  should you care ? 
  a while back i think someone set up a service where you could trade karma for a few fractions of bitcoin . 
  the open democracy of newsuse, 
  there have been various configurations of the fern-replaces-jack design , but i think this is closest to what i want our new flag to be . 
  simple , easily recreated design , more purple without drastically changing the aesthetic , not too much red . 
  i think this is the right step to take , if not * the * step in terms of the new flag . 
  it may be a weak sentimental reason , but no other flag in the world currently has purple on it , and the dark shade of navy/purple does not detract from the original aesthetic of the new zealand flag . 
  if anything , the darker tone improves it without going fully black , which looks a bit too anarchistic/fascist for my taste . 
  with the exception of official documents , do you have evidence to suggest that red ochre is a significant part of the new zealand identity ? 
  red was added as a national colour only because of the requests by the indigenous population towards the british crown . 
  empirically , the only active national colours are white and black . 
  with that in mind , if we were to use national colours from an empirical standpoint , the new zealand flag might as well be [ white on black ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9zltnv5.png ) , or [ black on white ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ggsau7.png ) . 
  with exception to the native population , no major entity in the new zealand identity makes use of red ochre to any significance to the point where it would be worthwhile plastering a flag with it . 
  i have no problem recognising the rights of native populations , i 'm just pointing out that empirically , red ochre is not an active `` national colour '' , and you would generally , more frequently see either a mixture of other colours , or purely black-and-white in relation to new zealand icons . 
  i feel that drawing a nation 's identity by its official documents is the least creative or thoughtful method . 
  i think the main reason is that nintendo has created it 's own trap in a sense , where mario has been the posterboy for nintendo for so long , that they can no longer add any character to him other than `` he 's a plumber '' without alienating someone somewhere . 
  i remember possibly for some winter olympics game , or promotional video or something , where mario actually spoke a few lines . 
  it felt so out of place , that you realised why nintendo never does it now . 
  why do games still do this now ? 
  i think the reason is pretty obvious : writers are too scared to characterise the `` first person '' , especially when their game is supposed to `` appeal to a wide audience '' . 
  [ here 's a population pyramid ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/pyramideca2010.jpg ) , before any one starts to argue any further . 
  currently there are more people below 40 than above 40 , though the peak is clear to see and is probably yet to affect canada . 
  they are basically going the whatsapp route , in that they are trying to get any development on board that they can . 
  unreal and unity can get away with charging more because their existing userbase is not likely to switch , and their userbase will be in part self-perpetuating the `` industry standard '' . 
  they can figure out a more profitable model later on , once they actually have more than a few developers to work with . 
  comic sans is the staple of physics and technical presentations , and it 's the most widely available dyslexic-proof/easily distinguished font . 
  would you expect any less ? 
  they have only started taking measurements since the site launched , so one day so far , yes . 
  i think he means that some automatic statistical calculations default to measuring with the mean , when the median is considered here to give a more representative result . 
  [ comic sans is n't all bad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guccobwisos ), 
  i feel like someone should make a bot for this at some point . 
  comic sans is the most common , easily-distinguishable font out there . 
  it was intended to be used aliased , but is used rather haphazardly nowadays . 
  for it 's intended purposes , it 's great . 
  outside of that , it 's usually a `` hip '' joke against the font . 
  someone should ban helvetica already . 
  it 's the most boring , overused font at this point , and turns innocent children into hipsters . 
  the key factors would be to choose a clean background , a clean palette , and only 2 main fonts in different weights . 
  here a serif is used for headers while sans for paragraphs . 
  start with a clean background , lay out the images evenly , then the paragraphs evenly . 
  then work backward , sorting layers of plain backgrounds . 
  add texture to the backgrounds if desired . 
  `` big data '' = / = big , fancy type and graphs all over the place . 
  the layout is key . 
  so that was a journey . 
  after discovering that automatic algorithms do n't cut it for this sort of thing , i spent needless hours acquiring , learning and using after effects to manually stabilise the video . 
  i kind of lied about the denoising , but i did strike the best balance i could between signal and noise . 
  unfortunately youtube seems to have clipped the audio anyway . 
  the saddest thing , is that if they actually merged metro into aero , and made the start menu a metro/aero interfact which itself could be snapped , microsoft could quite possibly have a winning interface . 
  whatthefont came up with [ shooter ] ( http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/fw-fathom/shooter/ ) and [ fat font grotesk ] ( http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/intellecta/fat-font-grotesk/ ) , and both have similarities and differences . 
  you would probably have to actually know the font , or get a higher resolution shot to properly discern it . 
  when the 3ds is in 2d mode , does it use all 800 wide pixels , or halve it to 400 ? 
  if it can use all 800 , that might help to explain why it looks nicer . 
  i hope you can adjust the outline . 
  i would like to have the outlines , but only such that the characters `` pop '' from the background a little . 
  so a more transparent outline would fit me . 
  [ something like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jt88ohi.png ) , for example . 
  i wonder why most trailers only show the footage in 400x240 , then ? 
  it seems like an oversight in marketing . 
  they could have at least upsampled the footage vertically . 
  if anything , average height generally has more to do with average diet and lifestyle than nationality . 
  no sources on me , granted . 
  unified maori culture is only a semi-recent phenomenon . 
  in that sense , up until a standard was chosen , there were no standards for maori cultural activities as they identified themselves as individual tribes . 
  you can think of the `` standard '' as a guideline to not get things wrong . 
  eli5 - the more ivy colleges you get accepted into , the more or equally likely you are going to be accepted into the other colleges . 
  it would be counter-intuitive for you to become * less * likely to be accepted into multiple colleges . 
  thing is , there are already plenty of english voice actors in japan ( they are mostly stuck with commercial or instructional video work due to the lack of anime interest ) . 
  producers usually just do n't care enough to give the `` foreigner '' character a proper accent . 
  sometimes they give them a bad accent on purpose , because it is reacted upon by the west . 
  outside of anime and entertainment , you 're probably equally as likely to land a job as a commercial voice actor as any native japanese . 
  yeah , if anything it 's showing that valve generally works best with a small employee count , with the fairly equal numbers of arrivals and departures from valve these past few years . 
  if they had budget problems , you would see progressively worse animation over time . 
  if anything , the show was budgeted perfectly . 
  scenes which did not need to convey much information showed little to no information , while scenes which needed to convey a complex sequence of events were masterfully animated . 
  i think the issue you are looking for would be `` they did n't get enough budget in the first place '' . 
  they put the existing budget to good use , i would say . 
  i would much rather see them nail the complex scenes and butcher the `` still '' scenes , than have mediocre animation throughout . 
  as much as anyone can hate on any political system , a forward-thinking government will always best a backwards-thinking government . 
  and for those who do n't encode video , the brain is `` caching '' only `` high interest '' information , then only refreshes that memory when it is of high interest again , or when ~ 15 seconds has passed . 
  it would be interesting to see if this memory process could be manipulated in some way , or if this `` cache size '' varies for people further along the autism spectrum . 
  exactly . 
  throw in three or more characters on screen , with their own animations , and an interactive environment , and i doubt this could be done even marginally on any less than two 290x 's or similar . 
  that said , this could make for an interesting bridge between the likes of corona renderer and say , source film maker . 
  while it 's kind of comparing apples to oranges , how does this compare to say , the red dragon ? 
  from the promotional video last year or the year before , iirc the dragon had pretty phenomenal dynamic range . 
  vast numbers of internet users are stuck with adsl or worse , with no possible improvement in service in the near furure . 
  if that line is under stress , a 29 megabyte file is not going to load faster than it plays . 
  contrast with a 3mb file which is loaded almost immediately .
