  you 're further in the wrong for stealing their content . 
  you do realize why people refer to `` stealing '' when they mean copying , do n't you ? 
  people feel entitled to copy . 
  copyright infringement is illegal , yet those who do it still feel entitled to do so . 
  stealing is a broad term and covers a number of situations . 
  no one feels entitled to steal , and stealing is the closest equivalent to copyright infringement . 
  you are taking their content and potential supporting advertising revenue , regardless as to whether they also have said content . 
  if you do n't want to read the article that kotaku wrote on kotaku , to entertain and inform its users in return for advertising revenue , do n't bother clicking the link . 
  all of nicalis ' games are amazing , really . 
  what did the quick brown fox do ? 
  in exactly 99 words , explain your past week in the most dramatic way possible . 
  that 's because they were towels . 
  this subreddit receives a steady rate of newcomers . 
  reposts are frequent and inevitable . 
  serious politics have to be dumbed down for mass support . 
  no seriously , this was on here like , yesterday . 
  everyone tag op . 
  he literally reposts everything . 
  if google + was more used than facebook , we 'd be damn near close . 
  he 's pulling a kony2012 , and as annoying as it seems , there 's no harm in informing the less informed public with something they can digest . . 
  i dunno man , getting forthewolfx to reply to you is pretty prestigious . 
  forthewolfx posts in smaller subreddits so that there is less circlejerking over him . 
  almost if not all of the at torrents are either unreliable or terrible quality . 
  i love it how redditors downvote comments based on fact . 
  the germans pioneered much of the rocket technology that was eventually used in rocket ships . 
  americans and russians used them alike to design ships . 
  i give it a day . 
  50 upvotes , 130 comments ? 
  come on guys . 
  why not play a vanilla server , or just deal with it ? 
  all weapons are sidegrades , although it happens occasionally that some weapons become more generally useful than others , ( ie ubersaw and axetinguisher ) , and they can become part of standard play . 
  otherwise there are few weapons that are more versatile than stock . 
  apparently you have -1 downvotes . 
  nice work . 
  i try to make passwords like xkcd suggests ; suddenly character limits and symbol requirements . 
  i understand your sentiment , and to be fair tf2 is far more rewarding to the consistent player . 
  people who play upwards of 5-10 hours a week consistently , will be easily able to get random weapon drops and craft unneeded ones into needed ones , or use them as means of trading . 
  i would imagine valve expects the more `` casual '' tf2 player to spend money to get the weapons they want , rather than invest time ingame . 
  still goddamn exhilarating though , seeing them charge through like they do . 
  [ ] ( / b16 ) commenting on the most likely karma chain . 
  [ ] ( / c01 ) second comment on the chain thus reaping further internet points . 
  i 'm guessing that references can be tracked for analytics purposes ? 
  would a public proxy work ? 
  or too slow ? 
  the best stalker . 
  i hope to see more . 
  lets see if he can guess me . 
  as mecax said , in marriage and no contraception . 
  in other words , the potential for lots of well raised catholic babies . 
  i would n't mind hats in csgo that were n't over-the-top . 
  all wonderful atmospheric games . 
  [ ] ( / b10 ) hey now , our procrastinating is rewarded with top class internet money . 
  please be ok :(, 
  problem ? 
  many of us did not get the news . 
  plus archimedes is on the first page of the comic . 
  you are more likely to miss on a controller , even with auto aiming . 
  i do n't know whether what he said was true , but increasing the hitbox size would make it easier to hit infected . 
  i 'm sure that some of that 5 % will be happy to switch . 
  not all of them are incapable of racing via other viewpoints . 
  this is fantastic !, 
  worth it . 
  funding, 
  hat hat :(, 
  there has been a community made bear trap item , so it could be done . 
  it could work much like the first person shooters for the wii . 
  the mouse does n't completely change the view , so your head can look around a little , while the gun can move around with the mouse as normal . 
  that could be incredibly immerse actually . 
  just for reference , any lmgtfy will receive downvotes , no matter how much of an obnoxious prick you are trying to not be . 
  interested, 
  likewise , the ` black rose ' was a treat . 
  a butterfly knife ( for backstabbing enemies ) , with a kickass design . 
  it was exactly the same as the regular butterfly knife , but only those ` in the know ' knew how to get it . 
  knives sort of get shoved to the side in video games . 
  you might get a few different melee weapons , one being a knife . 
  but the knife has a more tactile feel and connection when making any particular strike . 
  rewarding the players for being patient attackers should also be rewarded . 
  a front strike with the butterfly knife does very little damage , but a quick blow from the back is an instant kill . 
  he 's sold out from the once cynical british man . 
  because the likelihood of recognition this late , i 'm replying here , 
  ign : antome, 
  why you should invite me : as others have said , i found your documentary to be stellar . 
  i think i will leave details to surprise , however i have numerous plans in mind going in to this . 
  you can buy an $ 100 diamond ring which you can gift to ` someone special ' . 
  the gifting is announced to the entire game community . 
  by modifying your name , the item name , and the recipients name , you can string together clever jokes for the whole game to see . 
  in fact , when setting up windows 8 i saw a maori language selection . 
  she did it !, 
  it 's a grayish turquoise . 
  so it is green-blue , but appears more blue-gray . 
  the man is wearing a brown jacket . 
  start collecting those bricks gentlemen !, 
  looking at the size of the image in proportion to your screen ? 
  because youtube compresses hd videos . 
  i found a spare marmite container in a box in a garage . 
  struck gold there . 
  even if its a fantasy , it sounds like the coolest ` heaven ' out of all the ones i 've heard . 
  despite what you may think , people do n't like posts talking about upvotes . 
  sorry man :(, 
  edit : this post shall remain for martydom .
