  guess what ? 
  they did n't sell . 
  guess what does sell ? 
  mario kart , zelda , pokemon . 
  nintendo will continue to prioritise its core franchises as long as it gets them more sales . 
  can the double-spaces be rebound to be separate keys ? 
  i bet this would be great for japanese/similar language input which use the split-spaces, 
  one piece of advice when going into w101 , take the time to delve into the menus and mechanics of the game . 
  they are surprisingly deep and far-reaching , and pretty much all negative press came from critics not being able to figure out how to play properly . 
  matthewmatosis put it best ( paraphrasing ) , `` if there 's one downside to the wonderful 101 , it 's that the true potential of the game is never communicated to the player '' . 
  not likely considering his only foray into the franchise was fate/zero . 
  i do n't doubt that they took some cues from the success of fate/zero , though . 
  sherlock holmes began as a pastiche of detective stories , now it is * the * detective story . 
  does the popularity of something remove its ability to reference other texts ? 
  one important misconception is that kill la kill is very much * not * a parody , hell the entire premise of the show is that the characters are supposed to be as naked as possible . 
  that 's genre savviness . 
  evangelion is soft of a weird hybrid between late-night and `` mainstream '' anime though , considering it aired in prime-time back in the day . 
  the battle factors appear to change when they duke it out over two of the most plot-anaemic romcoms to grace contemporary anime . 
  i guess season 2 is confirmed then ? 
  the way i see it , steins ; gate is a mystery-adventure pretending to be a slice-of-life , while robotics ; notes is a slice of life pretending to be a mystery adventure . 
  most of my , and the communities disappointment from the show came from the fact that the pace of the show was off , and plot developments were skin-deep . 
  all that aside , if you go into the show without expectations it 's pretty solid . 
  many development studios make a ton of modifications and optimisations to unreal on their own accord , it would benefit all unreal developers if `` third party '' updates could be pushed upstream . 
  more patches will go into it this way than any one development studio could possibly manage . 
  plus you can literally buy the source code for $ 20 , you just wo n't be able to get more of it once the subscription ends . 
  the engine and code are still yours for personal use . 
  of the hundreds of plotholes in raildex , one big gripe i have , which is n't even much of a plothole , is that shirai kuroko 's power is clearly the most op . 
  i mean sure she 's a middle schooler and all , but she can * move objects into higher dimensions * . 
  with a little creativity you could break all kinds of physics with that . 
  accelerator 's ability is limited to forces that * exist * . 
  that other character in index 2 proved that their ability can very quickly and easily break all manner of physics . 
  i have a feeling that 's why the author chooses to never have shirai encounter any events which might make her character `` stronger '' , because any encounter where shirai * does n't * come out on top , unless she is drugged or something , is basically a plot hole . 
  but that is its own plot-hole . 
  he is able to manipulate vectors ( forces ) , no ? 
  moving objects into higher dimensions should be a `` force '' . 
  if he can manipulate that force , he too should be able to move objects in higher dimensions . 
  does he do that ? 
  [ ] ( / s `` nah i 'll just make some plasma or something '' ), 
  nevertheless , it should be very easy for kuroko to simply create vaccums or other environmental hazzards around accelerator . 
  and i guess that 's just why i can never get into raildex no matter how much i try . 
  the characters are all too busy yelling at each other and forgetting their abilities to solve dilemmas , without the deus ex machina of the arc there to save the day . 
  if the show started afresh with less middle schoolers ( how the hell does a society function with 80 % middle schoolers , and mostly policed by other middle schoolers ?!, 
  ) , more characters thinking on a fate/zero level , and balanced abilities , i think i would be drawn in quick-snap . 
  personally i just simply ca n't get into a show which tries to be both fun , nonsense and `` realistic drama '' at the same time . 
  the elements all clash such that the drama becomes nonsense and the nonsense becomes awkward . 
  if you want a serious drama or a fun nonsense action , you can do either individually , and i love me some kill la kill or gurren lagann . 
  but you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  another show which is bad at this for me is date a live . 
  you think it 's not taking itself seriously , then it 's suddenly waxing philosophy and drama . 
  one minute mc-kun is the airhead which accidentally falls into fanservice , next minute he 's saving the day with his strong words or something . 
  the difference is in the design i think . 
  monogatari cleverly separates the silliness and seriousness into key literary elements . 
  character interactions are comical and often nonsense , but the setting and progression of themes leaves a much more sensible and dramatic undertone to the show . 
  another factor is that the characters act in a much more believable manner . 
  mc-kun does n't suddenly become stupid or clever depending on when he needs to be , all the characters have set intellectual and emotional characteristics which do n't change unless there is character development . 
  with the likes of raildex and date-a-live , the themes , settings and character interactions are just mishmashed into this nonsense drama . 
  teleportation , as the show portrays it , is shifting objects into a higher dimension . 
  if accelerator can manipulate vectors in a higher dimension , why cant he teleport ? 
  furthermore , even if he can control this `` vector '' , shirai can escape literally every attack . 
  and even if we account for that hole , shirai could just create an environmental hazard . 
  replacing the air around accelerator with a vacuum , optionally enclosing that vacuum with some container for example . 
  similarly , accelerator could never actually attack shirai , as she always has spatial advantage . 
  putting accelerators intentionally unexplainable abilities aside ( lets just take for granted that the author would never write shirai into a position above accelerator ) , shirai should still be able to handily surpass every other level 5 ( after all musujime would be level 5 if it was n't for some rather silly character flaws ) . 
  which makes her character all the more contrived . 
  i was actually surprised how tame they kept free ! , in the end kill la kill seemed like it had more manservice than a show dedicated to it . 
  i admit that i am setting my expectations a bit high for a shonen , but applying a little bit of cleverness and physics to counteract the need for plot armour could do the series good i feel . 
  hell , rebooting the series/refreshing the narrative would do it good . 
  amusingly , what is pulling me into considering watching date a live 2 is the fact that a lot of the promotional material appears to be more fanservice , less awful setting ( space quakes ? 
  who comes up with this stuff man ), 
  considering most peoples ' televisions are n't set to game mode , most people do n't even realise what latency is . 
  that said , a cloud gaming service would work better here than in most countries . 
  servers in auckland/wellington would result in reasonably low latencies and decent bitrates on fiber just about anywhere in nz . 
  not that any of that changes the fact that cloud gaming is a dead venture . 
  the internet is pretty sure he 's gone for good from films . 
  but he is intending to take up television projects now , so that could be interesting . 
  might shake the industry up a little more . 
  the main factor and reason why the project seems kind of pointless , is because you have a 1:1 reference to work with all of the time . 
  hell you could have spent half of that time developing a particularly complex `` sketch '' shader in after effects or something . 
  i was going to say , whoever licensed the show had a rather peculiar taste in fonts . . 
  are n't basically all of the japanese `` arcades '' nowadays just stripped-down pcs ? 
  if the game garners enough of a following you might see someone hack together a pc port . 
  an interesting side-effect of this project is that we could now see some `` consolise '' mods where people use gamepads as input and a capture card as output , like a psvita-tv . 
  that could be pretty awesome . 
  i think its actually pretty clever of kyoani to `` spoil '' the movie as it were , its not unlike the classical novellas where the `` trick '' was in the title . 
  kyoani did n't get much of a reception for tamako market , so i bet that they wanted to bring in more viewers than those `` put off '' , by `` proving '' that the show will actually have a love story in it . 
  it helps that tamako is also a very natural fit for a mainstream movie ( none of your typical `` haha japan is weird '' tropes ) , so if they hit it right , the japanese population might even go and watch it simply on the premise of being a well-done animated romance . 
  while summer wars is a very `` family friendly '' anime , i also found it super unentertaining . 
  it 's basically the opposite of what you seem to be looking for with your current poll options , which all yell `` edgy contemporary action '' . 
  for something that is both `` casual '' and still fun and interesting to watch , i would personally recommend eve no jikan or wolf children ( wolf children is the same director as summer wars and girl who leapt through time , and definitely one of his best works ) . 
  from the current selection , i would wait a little longer for psycho-pass and watch the upcoming psycho-pass recut , which will add content and merge the show into one-hour episodes . 
  and after that , the psycho-pass movie is coming this year as well . 
  the other option is , why not ghibli ? 
  nearly all of hayo miyazaki 's works are must-watches . 
  princess mononoke , my neighbour totoro , spirited away and his various other works are all great works which i would prioritise over most other films . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of tropes like characters falling into convenient sexual scenarios , but dera is a point to be made . 
  i believe some routers have an option to take a specific route to another address . 
  googling around for `` fixed internet routes '' might come up with something . 
  your other bet however might be to use [ namebench ] ( https://code.google.com/p/namebench/ ) , as you are both probably using an unoptimal dns for your area . 
  i was planning on getting smash bros for 3ds , but at this price point i would n't mind getting a wii u. 
  smash is the main draw , so other games are kind of a bonus .
