  a lot of people generally dislike their serious-hyperbole marketing and drm firmware . 
  mechanical leopard branding means practically nothing at all , as they all use cherry mx switches or topre . 
  except razer , who started using cheaper switches and market that they are better . 
  you generally buy a mechanical leopard for its switch type and size , rather than its brand . 
  as you really should with everything , but leopards doubly so . 
  unless you are looking for something very specific or unique from your leopard , i would just filter by the cherry switch you want then sort by price on pcpartpicker . 
  the cyan switches look unlike any cherry switch i have seen , it looks like a clear , but it has a softer starting point and shorter bottom-out , but the well defined operating point should mean this is n't an issue . 
  nice , apparently my keyboard -  leopard script is good enough to replace written text now . 
  as far as i know , region locking only limits the store you buy from . 
  basically you are getting a cheaper wii u , and probably cheaper games from the eshop . 
  i do n't see what the issue is with region locking ? 
  you get a cheaper wii u , and then you are locked to the us eshop , which sells cheaper games . 
  people have been able to use wii u 's from other regions perfectly fine . 
  i was just wondering how practical it would be to have a low-latency filter that intervened between the console and the television which simply filters the colours to be more colourblind friendly . 
  [ here 's the brawl character select with reduced icon spacing . 
  ] ( http://puu.sh/9pv6x/88912a88a0.jpg ) remember that this is also on a television screen , so most people playing would use composite cables and get half the colour resolution + crosstalk with the brightness resolution , so for a lot of people this would look even less sharp . 
  that is 490x160 , the 3ds top screen is 400x240 ( 18 % more pixels ) , and it will be completely sharp . 
  it will be fine . 
  edit : here 's a [ quick reshuffling of the brawl character select ] ( http://puu.sh/9pvbm/1c8e9e4e06.jpg ) to fit the 3ds screen . 
  there 's actually enough space for 42 characters , though i 'd guess they would increase the icon sizes accordingly . 
  that 's exactly what i am proposing . 
  `` colour blind mode '' in games just involves changing the hues of icons to be easily distinguishable . 
  this would just `` compress '' the hues to avoid the area of the spectrum where a missing cone is . 
  in a sense it would actually be better than colour blind mode , because you can more easily distinguish everything , rather than just specific things . 
  both of you are spinning the topic needlessly . 
  palmer founded oculus off of a small initial investment from him and a couple others . 
  the dev kit and business was then funded by the kickstarter . 
  this showed potential to venture capitalists , who bought oculus for 16 million . 
  at this point palmer no longer owned oculus , they could do whatever they wanted . 
  and they did , making dev kit 2 then selling it to facebook . 
  whether you think that is a good thing or not does n't matter , as no one `` close to the community '' had any control in the business at that point . 
  at this point palmer is just a well paid staff member at oculus , and facebook will do whatever they please in the future , whether you think that is a good thing or not . 
  it 's not a matter of us only having a 0.2 % impact on climate change , we should absolutely set an example for other countries . 
  the point is that we consume shit all energy compared to other nations , so little that we could easily power the entire country 200 % with solar , hydro and wind without breaking a sweat . 
  most if not all of our household needs can be provided by a solar panel on every roof distributed through the grid , leaving the remaining industry needs to wind , hydro and solar . 
  thorium/fusion is a political , financial and engineering hassle that relative to renewable energy , serves no purpose other than `` why not , amirite ? '' . 
  furthermore it can not be gradually rolled out like wind/solar farms , it 's an all or nothing financial bet . 
  this was the fundamental flaw with the last referendum , i feel . 
  the question was set up to allow for an all-or-nothing change in voting system , which makes no sense because mmp is fine at the party level . 
  the referendum should really have been on the electorate system , which most people do n't seem to realise is still fpp . 
  our current fpp/mmp hybrid essentially biases towards party lists . 
  i do n't think there 's anything the government can immediately do , unless they introduce an `` expected wage '' for every type and variation of job . 
  businesses will continue to keep wages low for as long as they can hire people accepting low wages . 
  it 's essentially the minimum-wage debate except the stage is the middle class . 
  the way religious `` education '' is framed in primary school is really daft , but for me at least it got better in senior high-school , though it largely depends on how open minded the `` teacher '' is . 
  you ca n't isolate kids from the real world at that age , and it becomes much more of an open discussion , though with the obvious skew that `` well we 're a christian school , so obviously we 're here because we think christianity is right '' . 
  so basically , trademe is becoming craigslist with extra fees ? 
  proxy shipping is very inexpensive nowadays , in fact at times its cheaper for me to proxy ship than it is to ship direct to my country . 
  power conversion is a non-issue , edit : turns out you do n't actually even need to convert the power . 
  heck you could probably find some europe power brick somewhere , it 's not like the consoles themselves are fed different power inputs . 
  i really do n't see what the downside to getting this is . 
  i was meaning a filter that sits outside the console , which would just be a dsp of some sort . 
  that would only add at most 1ms of lag , and considering most televisions have a good 30ms + of latency , i do n't think that would mean much . 
  when did `` nintendo '' itself ever say other m took priority over prime ? 
  as far as i know , it 's just yoshio sakamoto who happens to have enough authority within nintendo do to shit like that . 
  all that said , i do n't see him directing two games at once , so one of the metroids may end up unscathed . 
  brawl to be released on steam workshop, 
  the adapter ca n't cost anywhere near $ 25 to manufacture even taking r&d into account , so they are probably sharing the profit margin between the controller and adapter . 
  why not ? 
  you 've effectively added `` colourblind mode '' to every single game ever , without having to contact the developers nor the developers having to put in any effort . 
  dsps go for pennies these days , too . 
  i also do n't need an mba to know that there 's no way nintendo is selling the adapter at cost , or even close to it . 
  they are quite probably sharing the profit margin between the controller and adapter . 
  oh for sure . 
  i just wanted to point out that it 's not like nintendo is explicitly going out of their way to reduce costs for the smash community or something . 
  good thing mods exist . 
  i 've been using the `` pinnacle '' youtube design since they changed it a few years back . 
  the tatami galaxy is a fantastic story which left me astounded by how effectively they conclude the series in the final episode . 
  it 's definitely worth the watch , even if just for it 's interesting artistic direction . 
  that was exactly my point . 
  companies make money by selling above cost . 
  there 's nothing special about this bundle , other than it exists . 
  checking back on the comment thread it 's kind of incredible how easily le reddit brigade downvoted because they disagreed , though . 
  they unwittingly censored themselves . 
  unfortunately there is only so much you can do to moderate a subreddit without either changing the mechanics of reddit , making sweeping `` no posts about x allowed '' or going full on / r/askhistorians, 
  not sure what is happening here , the post is still up on / r/games , but op deleted his account , or was banned , or deleted the post but the mods put it back ? 
  strange . 
  i 'm fairly sure the previous 2 wii fifa games have just been reskins of the 2013 fifa ? 
  i would assume they do n't want to develop the game for wii u , while the game can just be re-rostered for wii as long as people buy it . 
  big public companies like ea tend to move at a completely separate pace to the rest of the games industry . 
  there was probably some executive decision a while back to barely focus on the wii u , and it will probably take a long time for them to turn around from that , if they decide to . 
  it 's not like they are necessarily alone in that either , iirc ubisoft mentioned that they are holding back on releasing some game on the wii u until it has a larger install base . 
  the average anime episode costs ~ $ 150,000 , the smash brothers armada managed ~ $ 35,000 . 
  that does n't include pre-production costs . 
  you might get a few five-minute episodes with tatami-galaxy level cost cutting out of that . 
  hell you might get a couple 20-minute episodes if you get a bunch of volunteers to do the menial work and perform some season-one hidamari-sketch tv-release level cost cutting . 
  are passwords hashed and salted ? 
  the essay itself has also been carefully crafted to be very difficult to be hated upon en masse . 
  any point for or against phil is disclaimed or tied into some sort of cultural point such that anyone that suggests that a specific point was made in the essay could be considered `` wrong '' or `` not seeing the whole picture '' . 
  the video format and structure also makes it almost impossible to take out of context , as the only way you could take the video essay out of context would be to not link the video , which will inevitably lead people to watch the video anyway . 
  i 've been interested in getting an fpga to tinker with for a while , but it seems like buying a decent one is prohibitively expensive if not impossible from a consumer standpoint . 
  fpgas really are awesome though , because they are basically the way to go if you 're not performing highly general or highly paralell processing . 
  exactly right , but i guess it 's kind of an unexpected surprise to see such intelligent discourse blow up on the internet , the home of the internet argument . 
  if counter strike online did n't catch on in china ( it was at least popular enough to get a sequel ) , then i do n't see how this will . 
  it sounds like they are trying to get the chinese gaming culture to adapt to their game , not the other way around . 
  i highly recommend you watch [ matthewmatosis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/matthewmatosis ) as indicated in op , then . 
  i particularly enjoyed his wonderful 101 review . 
  he goes through each individual mechanic of the game in detail , and explains what works and what does n't , and why that is . 
  if there is some mechanic particularly positive or negative , he will then try to imagine what happened in development which could cause that mechanic to be introduced . 
  personally i ca n't stand the likes of errant signal or totalbiscuit , who judge first and come up with reasons later .
