  while english grammar may not as be as conveniently structured , it conveys as much if not more information per-syllable compared with most languages . 
  and considering how significant the internet was in ghost in the shell sac , having at least some inter-connectivity would be awesome . 
  but you can have sans-serif mono-space fonts , right ? 
  so why serifs ? 
  if its a stylistic choice , there are just as many stylistic options for sans-serif fonts . 
  i guess its understandable if its simply a lazy trope which developed . 
  i would n't mind if one developer spent an hour making all of the text you read in the game look nice . 
  there are literally hundreds of high quality monospace sans-serif fonts you can license , and there are dozens of high quality ones which are free . 
  spending an hour or two on myfonts and/or ilovetypography to find and license a solid font to implement over a generic/placeholder font is n't an unreasonable concept , is it ? 
  * another season of haruhi, 
  * another season of spice and wolf, 
  * another season of hyouka, 
  * another season of full metal panic, 
  i think that 's / r/anime 's list . 
  your point is moot , we are discussing potential problems in other countries with different governments . 
  strict gun control is a reasonable proposition in a country without an existing recent history of extensive gun violence , for example europe or new zealand . 
  while i doubt 3d printed weaponry will be preventable , it certainly has the potential to cause problems in countries where the use of guns is not accepted or expected in any scenario . 
  i do n't see how a markedly lower rate of gun related violence is a bad thing . 
  while the story is certainly interesting ( the basic premise of the show lets it delve into much more interesting issues ) , be aware that there is still some loli ( unless you find a censored version ) involved no matter what angle you look at it . 
  also the 2011 ova is more or less fanservice . 
  ascii is only the basic letters , numbers and symbols that you see on your keyboard . 
  shift_jis includes japanese characters and symbols , which helps make better shapes . 
  emulation is a completely different beast from stream capture . 
  while nintendo hardware has been surprisingly straightforward to emulate in the past ( and the ps2/xbox comparatively difficult ) , that does not mean that it will be easy to emulate this generation . 
  there has n't even been a hint of 3ds emulation yet , although considering the hardware that could be achieved eventually . 
  piracy however could be done , but again that is a completely different beast from stream capture/input . 
  what would be really exciting for me to see develop from this is for the wii u gamepad to be used as a pc controller and have the pc stream to the gamepad . 
  i do n't own a wii u but i would totally get one of those gamepads if that could be done . 
  kraft lawrence does n't fit into any particular archetype , but if you count normal/misc as an archetype , then yes you can fit every character into an archetype i suppose . 
  from the premise it sounds like it could end up even more interesting than yuru yuri . 
  this will be my summer light yuri it seems . 
  but those are all decidedly dependent on the level and style of detail in the game . 
  depending on the perspective , type of gameplay and aesthetic you may not need complex ai , lods , culling or post processing . 
  however you are correct that many different game concepts may not be achievable with the free version . 
  it is a great starting point though . 
  from hamilton new zealand here . 
  i was interested in catroons and anime much like any kid was , and only showed a little interest in anime growing up , specifically watching azumanga and lucky star in early highschool . 
  after some surmounting curiosity over ken ashcorps madoka song however , one thing led to another , and i 've been fully engrossed in anime since . 
  valve frequently mentions experimenting with biometrics , i would n't be surprised if their next game would utilize some of the visual biometrics kinect takes advantage of as an additional feature for their next release . 
  having said that , getting heart rate from video does n't require particularly specialized hardware , just high-fidelity hardware , its just looking for small , consistent changes in colour in some parts of the skin . 
  i 'm sure a high-def webcam or ps4 cam could be set up to achieve some basic level of visual biometrics too . 
  if you have an eye for curiosity , hyouka has definitely got some beautifully animated scenes . 
  it could be vote fuzzing . 
  reddit displays roughly the correct proportion and scale of votes , but not the correct number of votes , for various reasons . 
  64 bit allows greater than 4 gigs of ram for a start , and in general has better memory management , which for the end user mostly means the system will be more responsive when running multiple programs which take up a lot of ram . 
  by this point in the pc space there is little reason to use a 32 bit operating system . 
  xbone will have much less allocated ram , with 32mb esram to help make up for it . 
  as such memory optimizations alone will be a difficult task as devs will have to employ separate memory management strategies for the two systems . 
  that is of course oversimplifying things , and there will be many different hardware quirks which will need to be managed for both systems which will be challenges for devs , particularly later on in the cycle where pushing the hardware becomes more important . 
  that said porting this generation will probably be easier than ever . 
  depth of field is your third dimension . 
  if you were to put your finger in front of your face , then look at an object behind the finger , you are looking at two different points . 
  while the eyes might not move in a third dimension , it can certainly focus on different points of depth , and this is useful tracking information . 
  but even the wii u has four times as much ram as previous-gen consoles . 
  sure it wont match up to the others spec-for-spec , but it 's not going to be as comparatively behind as last time . 
  by how good the games look , i assume you are meaning taking full advantage of the technical capabilities of the system , and not about aesthetics ? 
  while it may not always be the case for third parties , almost all recent nintendo games look great despite the ( last gen ) system 's limitations . 
  xbone will only have 5gb of memory available ( 3gb for os ) , that 's why he 's complaining in the first place . 
  likewise we can assume sony wont be using nearly as much as it 's not running windows in the background . 
  i think kyou was best girl , particularly after seeing their relationship later in after story . 
  more of the genuine kind girl . 
  ( i think ) because / r/games has a somewhat collective opinion ( whether its true , relevant or misguided is another issue ) that wii/u is the `` secondary '' console , as in does not compete directly but is more a matter of whether you buy it or not ( do you like nintendo games ? 
  buy it , else do n't , that kind of thing ) . 
  it 's also not being released this year and is to an extent unrelated to the `` holiday wars '' incoming . 
  come on man , tim is possibly one of the most entertaining authorities you could ask for . 
  i think kyoani is aiming to bring moeguys into the equation for anime . 
  looks like a similar game [ here ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bonfiremedia.dots ) has a colorblind mode , but its for android only . 
  your eyesight will continue to deteriorate naturally , but i 'm not sure if it is at an increased rate . 
  we have n't been able to separate individual quarks , let alone been able to detect any sort of sub-component of a quark . 
  for now at least these are some of our building blocks . 
  another brand `` ultra-ever dry '' points out on their youtube channel that theirs lasts `` over a year '' under normal conditions . 
  also if the top coat wears off but the bottom coat is still there , you only have to reapply the top coat . 
  these probably have different chemistry but the overall effects are likely similar . 
  texture streaming would be worthless to perform off of a dedicated server mind you ( why not stream from the hdd ? 
  ) , and the only sensible offloading of lighting would be for static lighting which the console itself should be perfectly capable of . 
  this is microsoft 's fancy way of saying we can run single player games partially server sided if there is a net benefit ( sony can run entire games server sided too , with gaikai ) . 
  there is no reason software wise why sony could n't also implement this to a greater degree later on if it matters , or microsoft to a lesser degree if it turns out not to matter . 
  also if the ai is being handled server sided , does n't this just make it a multiplayer game with bots ? 
  basically video converted to flash animation , which does n't make much sense ( unless you are creating a flash animation ) . 
  8k will be the probable upper limit on raster video resolution ( that 's twice the size of cinema , which has n't changed in years , and any much greater than this and our eyes could n't perceive even the slightest difference ) . 
  also we already combine vectors with rasters in video , its called motion interpolation and all modern codecs use it ( you might only get one actual frame of video per say 2-8 frames of animation because vectors distort the in-between frames to save space ) . 
  to get the kind of detail for all vector animation to be worthwhile over raster in high-detail scenarios would take another 10-20 years of sensory and gpu improvements ( at which point we could easily have a separate format altogether ) . 
  at which point you could barely psychically look at the whole screen at once if you were to get to that level of detail , which sets the cap for commercial video/television . 
  on the other hand by the time we reach this level of sophistication we will likely also be dabbling in cybernetic optical implants . 
  enough to match the rate of electrical impulses down the optic nerve ? 
  exactly , they charge for the battery swap , so i imagine they will also then recharge/maintain your battery system for another tesla car later on . 
  i think this was more one of those `` because we can '' type of projects ( like those commodore-64 ports of retro-modern games ) . 
  if the porter enjoyed doing it and learned things along the way , that 's good for him . 
  and those of us who really want to play cave story on a dreamcast now can !, 
  yeah unless you see them at an angle where a clump of the lines merge , they are somewhat hidden even for a normal person . 
  in sunlight shadows look more like those in `` high '' than medium . 
  shadow resolution is n't all there is to realistic shading , much like texture resolution is n't all there is to realistic textures . 
  besides that the level of detail in the models and level design is quite clearly different . 
  foliage , buildings look more detailed , etc. 
  while its true we can never be sure until the systems are launched and we have games to compare , it is highly evident that the hardware will allow ps4 games to * look at least * better than xbone given equivalent development time ( better gpu and simpler ram setup is an inarguable difference ) . 
  comparing `` experience '' of course tracks down subjection hill . 
  apart from those proprietary systems , it will cost as much as abs/pla . 
  would n't it have been cheaper/better to just buy co2 canisters or carbonated water ? 
  i think it would be more-so the differences between how source and unreal handles normal mapping . 
  looks like this series will feature [ rin kokonoe ] ( http://myanimelist.net/character/4163/rin_kokonoe/pictures ) in middle school .
