   c . a police officer 's badge . 
  a sword does n't have to be used or be practical as an offensive tool . 
  likewise a shield does not have to be used or practical as a defensive tool . 
  if it looks like a shield , it can be called a shield . 
  so to confirm , `` woken up '' patients can sometimes also be in a drowsy state of disarray for an extended period of time after leaving the lower level coma , or can it be permanent ? 
  do we observe some scale between the two ? 
  ^ obligatory ^ ctrl-f ^ `` gang ^ garrison '', 
  ^ as ^ expected ^ from ^ a ^ tf2 ^ pixel ^ art ^ post . 
  i do wish there were more servers for the game . 
  making and playing all those custom levels can be wonderful . 
  while i 'm not saying either research is invalid , there still appears to be a very long period of time between understanding that another object can have agency , and understanding that it 's agency can be * different * from their own , and even then does n't fully develop until adolescence . 
  possibly not the best source : http://www.ted.com/talks/rebecca_saxe_how_brains_make_moral_judgments.html, 
  [ relevant xkcd . 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/1258/ ), 
  just to make sure , this is n't the official `` cool japan '' initiative page , is it ? 
  yeah , if we could get practical near-communication from this , there could be a small opening for various new devices , which would be cool . 
  i can imagine having an hdd in a backpack or suitcase which streams stuff to a phone . 
  many of the `` top '' vocaloid songs , english or japanese , have plenty of filtering and modulating done in post to try and get them to more human-like levels . 
  link for that song ? 
  i would n't be surprised if the voice actor conveniently fleshed out the sequence of lyrics needed to produce that specific track as a demo . 
  the same people who find it weird to have affection for a character would dislike this i guess , and that 's okay . 
  to be fair i think if coke could make itself just as popular but be bottled water , they would do it in the blink of an eye . 
  yeah , lwa looked way crisper compared to this . 
  i get that tv releases are in many ways promotions for the bds , but even this is a bit lackluster . 
  i usually do n't like anthony carboni , but his section was on fire . 
  that was great . 
  wow , i was ready to comment that it could have actually been done stereoscopically , but i have n't seen this effect before !, 
  it seems to work surprisingly well , using the white lines as an illusionary focal point . 
  i do want to see this developed more in the future , not only in tf2 . 
  that 's super cool . 
  yeah , i was thinking about playing with the spacing and visibility of the lines and how that might affect the result . 
  you would be surprised by the number of companies effectively locked into the microsoft ecosystem . 
  some enterprises still universally use java 5 , ie6 and windows xp because the cost-benefit to change is n't there . 
  governments need a system which can accommodate paradigm shifts like this , where the threshold of skilled labor is rising faster than society can adjust . 
  say upper level of life expectancy is 80 . 
  checks out . 
  remember * generations * are only between 20-50 years . 
  it 's definitely achievable , japan has such good health and education systems their economy is actually suffering from a declining birthrate . 
  i 'm worried it will end up like one of those flash games with a very specific game mechanic , and they would end up just bleeding in other generic game mechanics and puzzles towards the end to pad ideas . 
  portal was an hour long game though . 
  it flirted with all of it 's available mechanics and left it at that . 
  and i have n't looked into superhot 's history , but does this involve a group of students who took a game mechanic from their previous puzzle and turn it into an fps ? 
  was this guy the developer of time 4 cat or something ? 
  from my perspective , you either need a completely free , nonrestrictive market which has the self capacity to accommodate change , or a tight , dynamic government able to swiftly orchestrate the market . 
  stray between the lines and you get a mostly free market hindered by government actions ( like now ) , or a command economy hindered by lax market structure ( you get this to a degree in some command-style asian markets ) . 
  after a dozen minutes grasping the mechanics , it 's really just a spatial puzzle . 
  some are better at it than others i guess . 
  tf2 is built on a 2007 build of source engine . 
  besides the fact that no source engine game goes above 32 player to my knowledge , the game is n't going to move from it 's current branch . 
  hypothetically , should they increase player count ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it might be reasonable to try and optimize a more consistent 32 player experience , but tf2 is a very complex game , and gets more complex in proportion with the player count . 
  with a degree of trickery you/valve could try and link servers together to create clusters of maps , but unlike battlefield and the like , tf2 is quake-style . 
  it 's all indoors and fake outdoors . 
  the gameplay simply does not encourage large player counts . 
  could they unleash a new gameplay mode or refactor an old mode for `` big '' games ? 
  possibly . 
  more likely the community will . 
  but massive player counts are n't the `` future '' of multiplayer games when you consider the success of cod or dota , both with < 32 player-counts and no signs of slowing down in adoption . 
  seriously , the media 's creating a story where there is none . 
  it 's almost as if journalists are sensationalizing news . 
  [ did n't you hear ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/xrtxklg_wi0?t=37m34s ) game scores have to match their outlet . 
  which were made by guessing the proportions of landmarks . 
  just wondering , have you had a look at the front page of / r/physics recently ? 
  but let 's be honest guys , kyou was best girl . 
  monster hunter 4 sold 1.7 million units in japan alone in two days . 
  it 's a 3ds exclusive . 
  pokemon is on the way . 
  3ds is fast solidifying itself as a dominant handheld platform . 
  nintendo has untold amounts of money left by their last gen platforms , and the wii u is still at least turning a profit , and once enough worthwhile exclusives roll in on that , it should at least be at gamecube levels . 
  all in all nintendo is doing fine . 
  at the very least , the handhelds will carry them through and likely will continue to do so . 
  the wiiu was a poorly planned event , but they can pick things up again next generation . 
  heck , if all platforms go with semi-custom full-amd x86 in 8 years time , or generally all use the same platform it really could become a match sprint separated only by strategy . 
  they would have to somehow achieve two or three generations of executive blow-ups to actually be in trouble . 
  the guy ran the company from 1949 , this guy really has seen it all . 
  it will be a genuine shame to see the loss of another industry pioneer . 
  it 's scary to think that video-games have been around for a lifetime already , and how far we have come in that time . 
  with optimization i would n't be surprised if he could get it down to 1:20 , given the in-game timer , saving time in-game and out of game . 
  nintendo has been around for over a century . 
  they started out with card games , then moved into all sorts of things , before moving into toys , electronics , and then games . 
  hiroshi yamauchi saw them through much of that . 
  i do remember reading somewhere that teenage pregnancy actually increased significantly when they introduced sex education into england , after which they actually needed sex education to try and bring that inflated number down . 
  any knowledge is powerful knowledge , and couple that with teenage psychology and you will easily bring about the opposite action from your intentions . 
  i think he means the profit goes into microsoft , which will fund the service . 
  for all intents and purposes they could be funding xbl with oem windows licenses . 
  having a paid service gives you more incentive to keep the quality of service high , but there is n't any real connection between money in  service out . 
  it is 1080p . 
  check any 1080p twitch streams or youtube videos if you want . 
  nintendo rewrote the entire shading mechanics and changed some aspects of the game significantly to make it more enjoyable . 
  swift sail unlock , faster text and cut-scenes , a more enjoyable triforce quest , better rope swinging mechanics , some interesting refinements to combat , various more enjoyable sailing mechanics , gyro aiming and a better menu is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  80 % of the stuff they changed are n't simple `` patches '' . 
  it 's definitely native 1080p . 
  it has been unprofitable for almost a year now , unless you already had the card and did n't consider it a `` purchase '' . 
  while it * feels * better compared to the more automatic systems of other countries , the only real point to ncea is university entrance and selecting the underperforming students for permanent positions at mcdonalds . 
  though some courses do fit well into the ncea system . 
  those courses are not mathematics . 
  does this mean the universe has a decreasing supply of hydrogen and helium , and likewise should n't there be less hydrogen than helium and higher elements outside of stars in the universe ? 
  i wonder if madman got an exclusive license to it or something .
