  nz has good infrastructure to withstand this stuff . 
  nz is probably the largest land-mass to consistently not appear on maps, 
  this is pretty accurate . 
  they are trying maximise eye-ball hours , and are indifferent as to how this is achieved . 
  clickbait , celebrity news and actual journalism are all fine , so long as more people read the site for longer with greater consistency . 
  fairly straightforward : [ genshiken nidaime ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tpwqjnx.jpg ), 
  put 30 hours in so far , it 's literally tf2 but with a little extra flair and not a dead game . 
  so if you liked tf2 , you might be interested . 
  you might want to read up on the properties of score voting and compare it to fptp . 
  `` plurality '' method refers to fptp . 
  can not terminate, 
  will not terminate, 
  the ( valid ) argument is that hardware encoding does n't achieve as good results as software encoding at any particular bitrate . 
  however , the hardware encoding is much faster and consumes very little cpu resources . 
  since the video you encode is the video users see on twitch , you generally want to maximise the quality at a given bitrate , thus use a beefier cpu with software encoding . 
  fiscally left , socially conservative . 
  works very well for the 65 + demographic that makes up nz first . 
  problem seems to be that the majority of the posts here are either not accidental , normal street photography or normal sports photography . 
  intel does n't use the `` core complex '' concept , rather all cores are clumped together . 
  amd 's new method is to create lots of 4-core `` complexes '' , which is more economically scalable , but adds latency between complexes , like a millimeter-distance crossfire . 
  intel is able to get away with this by simply having the best single cores in the industry , so they only need 4 cores . 
  8-16 cores is very expensive to make with their process . 
  makes it consistent with the ult radius too, 
  much of nz 's dairy industry is actually made out of cooperatives . 
  there 's more money to be made short-term by not worrying about the pollution , so it 's really up to the environmental knowledge and morals of the farm owner . 
  there is also a lot of wilful ignorance , where farmers will do the bare minimum to feel like they `` did their part '' . 
  they are almost certainly being produced on the same line , which may also be the same line as the switch . 
  given a production limit for the line , they need to pick the combination that maximises profit . 
  nintendo is also a financially conservative company , so they wo n't expand production if they do n't have to . 
  putting pr and charisma aside , he is the candidate from the main opposition to the impeached president 's party . 
  said party has imploded , so his job is really just to seem competent and with the times . 
  japan has a long history of not using pcs in general . 
  this flows over to a comparatively small playerbase for a game like overwatch . 
  since most esports are also pc games , japan generally has n't had the same level of large team management . 
  most of japan 's best esports athletes end up being solo fighting-game players . 
   aoi ends up managing a pachinko game company , and it 's a pachinko game . 
  guess i should leave a comment on the new top post of all time . 
  producers include less and less censorship over the years , until a single artist/studio gets sacrificed to the legal system in a short police scare . 
  then everything returns to puritan censorship for a few months and the cycle repeats . 
  if you condensed all the interesting moments of boy 's highschool into 4 hours , it would probably look something like this show . 
  they are actually doing this all the time . 
  recaptcha was so they could get lots of images of alphanumerics on various things in the world , and the current captcha are for image classification . 
  best way to get free labeled data is to make the mechanism valuable ( for a site owner ) or fun ( for the participant ) . 
  if you have one labeled image , and they get that one right , there 's a good chance they got the other one right . 
  aggretate the results for dozens of people and you would expect a clear result . 
  people also do it when they are really good at one class/hero/style but they want to play something different without ruining games for others . 
  so it really goes both ways . 
  the argument is that cats might be more ingelligent than dogs in some ways , but this ca n't be put to much practical use because they are self-centered . 
  he barely won because # 2 and # 3 had pretty similar messages , splitting the vote . 
  fpp is rediculous . 
  after new zealand was ahead 8-1 , the american team made several important modifications to their boat and technique , making the combined unit mostly faster . 
  the key is that the americas cup rules happened to permit certain modifications and techniques that are banned at any other level , and no-one else noticed this loophole , seemingly including the american team until half-way through the event . 
  the reason gpu mining died years ago was because of asics and the general crash of bitcoin . 
  assuming ethereum/etc do not crash spectacularly , the latest mining algorithms on the most recent cryptocurrencies are designed to be best performed by gpus , i.e. 
  if you could make a better asic you would be better off selling the design to nvidia/amd . 
  the area outside the triangle is just a representation . 
  only on a display which actually shows those colours , would the colours be accurately reflected . 
  however the diagram itself presumably also does not encode those colours correctly , so you would also need a new image . 
  it largely depends on the madvr settings you choose and the content you watch . 
  low-res content should look a little better , colours should be more accurate and/or less blurry . 
  the big one for me is debanding , which prevents the blocky `` shimmer '' effect you get when scenes fade in and out . 
  for anime , the external subtitle renderers you can get are objectively better than vlc 's . 
  high-bitrate 1080p live-action media should look just as good on really any media player . 
  one of the larger twitch pubg streamers is japanese . 
  that 's for this particular kind of material , hgtlbacacuo is at 150k . 
  is there any plan to have the notebookbar stretch across the entire width of the screen ala microsoft 's ribbon ? 
  yeah for every 5 superhero movies we get one wes anderson film , not the worst tradeoff . 
  you can click `` videos '' to watch the vod instantly, 
  act actually took a lot of the vote in 2008 , which transferred to national in subsequent elections, 
  these hats are fairly new , and there can be no definitive price for them , but how much would you imagine/have you seen them sell for ? 
  if you want , i can sweeten the deal on the festive tree with a scrap :3, 
  is there a place where i can find tribes assets for making shazbot gifs , or will i have to make the assets myself ? 
  hat !, 
  i am the creator of [ the hat flair ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6vrjo.png ) on this subreddit . 
  i am poor and nearly irish . 
  i am looking for a modest pile of hat , or blighted beak . 
  instead of trying to do silly haggling , i want to do something for you . 
  i am willing to do micro-commission ( s ) . 
  i can do for you , a 24x24 ( or 16x16 if you want ! ), 
  pixel art hat of your choice , with effect of your choice . 
  giggsy might even be kind enough to give you custom flair . 
  i have infrequent access to wifi with my tablet , and i was wondering if there was a reddit browser that can automatically cache the front page/subreddits and their comments ? 
  i do n't have enough time to check every browser out for their functionality . 
  i am using a nook touch and using 2.1 btw . 
  i realized today that when i enter the workforce , i will be working with a lot of people born in the 1990s . 
  i thought it 'd be a good idea to understand what life has been like for you guys , so i can better understand where your generation is coming from and how i ought to interact with you better . 
  what was your childhood like ? 
  what values were you taught ? 
  what was the pop culture like in your childhood/as you grew ? 
  what do you think of today vs. the world you grew up in ? 
  what was the workforce like when you entered it ? 
  in general , what do you want people born in 1994 ( like me ) to know ? 
  while fan-service is my specific point of discussion , i do n't mind if we being in broader issued such as the needlessly offensive themes that get brought into the writing for some animes . 
  i think we can all agree that we love anime , and want to share it with our friends if possible . 
  there are several anime series that i would love to share with my friends , but simply can not due to the needlessly degrading fan-service and other themes . 
  specific examples i will refer to include steins ; gate and sword-art online . 
  derogatory sexual themes are a foremost problem . 
  i am unsure whether to think of them as fen-service or not , because i find it so needlessly derogatory . 
  in steins ; gate [ the scene where okarin is led to sexually harass moeka , while it may have added tension to the struggle , could have been resolved in an entirely different manner without resorting to rape ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  in sword-art online [ the entire second half of the anime was a rape and incest-fest , granted i was able to look past that and see the show in a positive light , others who are not so accustomed to those themes would not so easily accept them .
