  the `` raspiness '' is still there , and the intonation is spot on . 
  well amd eyefinity can support up to 6 displays , and multiple cards can handle multiples of 6 , so that may well have been the solution . 
  probably custom software was used in order to play one of several pre-rendered videos on loop . 
  for many of the common post-production techniques used , photoshop is redundant . 
  however that is why there is stuff like lightroom and work-spaces , so that only the `` photography stuff '' is on screen . 
  so if you are only going to use one subsection of photoshop , why buy photoshop ? 
  ` tis the nature of industry standards . 
  you could get away with paint.net or gimp , but photographers use photoshop because other photographers use photoshop . 
  i have bought a bunch of stuff from the site , everything i have purchased was legit , but i was careful to choose sellers who appeared to be legit in the first place , and i only bought basic stuff like heatsinks , so ymmv . 
  looks like there are some legitimate gains to be had , once you move to 4k at least . 
  texture detail also is n't getting any sparser , so this might have even more meaningful benefits in the next couple years . 
  really awesome to see the japanese scene starting to gain traction !, 
  good luck with the tournament , and have fun . 
  i think there are two categories that influence the tiers of characters : mechanics and flagships . 
  in mechanics , melee is one of those games where you never stop learning new things . 
  the engine is just so intricate that some techniques take years to find , others take years to become viable , others take years to perfect . 
  particularly in mid tiers , the rank of a character is strongly related to this . 
  high tiers have a diverse set of `` viable '' techniques , and might have some unique techniques . 
  mid tiers generally have fewer techniques at disposal , so their ranks rely on how various techniques improve . 
  flagships are essentially the popular interpretation of a character . 
  as you say , mewtwo was popular simply because he was `` the worst '' , which lead to a lot of people playing him , which lead to him getting better against other characters . 
  characters which are unique to others in some way , often make for better flagships . 
  people are more likely to be interested in the character , thus more interested in refining the character . 
  ice climbers , peach and yoshi all have very different move-sets from every other character , which has at different points in time caused people to try and `` make the character work '' . 
  you can see this in action today with amsa making yoshi work in ways no one could have imagined 3 years ago . 
  he has already gone from low tier to low-mid tier , and is expected to reach mid tier . 
  no amd love ? 
  on the flipside , you should be happy that cg animators not only get paid survivable wages , but are paid enough to live somewhat comfortably . 
  it 's fairly straightforward economics in fact . 
  cg animators can animate ~ 20x as fast , and you have to hire less people so less managers , outsourcing etc , so they end up with ~ 20x higher wages . 
  this also means more foreigners are interested in the job , so you end up with a far more comfortable , diverse industry . 
  while there is no real `` industry standard '' , and most packages are interoperable , most people use maya . 
  some use blender because it 's `` good enough '' and open source , and source film maker is gaining popularity in recreational use . 
  the chosen town will get gigabit internet speeds ( 10x the highest speeds in most regions ) next year , as opposed to some arbitrary time between 2015 and 2025 . 
  waikato is also supposed to get gigabit soon , but the news stopped rolling out for one reason or another . 
  much to my enjoyment , i am not scheduled to receive fibre until october 2015 . 
  i will keep that in mind however . 
  well they can only hold 1kb , there 's gon na be overlap at some point . 
  there are not even close to 2 ^ ( 8 * 1024 ) ways to represent meaningful information , unless you are compressing . 
  these chips are also being programmed by people , who are more likely to choose a similar file system than choose a completely different system . 
  another factor is that we do n't actually know the sizes of these chips ( 1kb is the max ) , or the way in which the metro reads the chip . 
  it is reasonable to assume that the metro reads the first few bytes as a header . 
  most headers are 1-5 capital letters . 
  it is not unreasonable to suggest that nintendo chose the same first few bytes for one of its amiibos . 
  so this suggests that americans are more likely to involuntarily kill people ? 
  are you talking about the post-processing ? 
  i saw about 80 frames of animation in 33 seconds , about on par with mid-budget anime . 
  nz has 3 carriers : vodafone , 2degrees , telecom . 
  skinny is the low-cost low-priority subsidiary of telecom , and 2degrees is the low-cost low-speed carrier , so that would be the problem . 
  4g is also constantly being rolled out , so it has improved even since mid 2014 . 
  in all honesty , `` the smash brothers '' is the first and only legitimately good , episodic `` esports doc '' up until this one . 
  it 's actually one of the big reasons why melee has massively spiked in popularity . 
  [ free to play ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujzymi1zb9s ) is quite good . 
  here 's a semi-decent [ street fighter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gzbito5gwi ) doc , and there is always the classic [ king of kong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntcr9x91dis ) . 
  what is interesting is that unlike previous attempts at javascript decoders , the compression efficiency/decoder overhead might actually make this practical for desktop websites . 
  the problem is that this requires much more processing to decode , so it wo n't be replacing jpeg on mobile . 
  what system other than ln2 can maintain a low temperature with a small area ? 
  pretty much every heat pump i have seen is at least on the order of cubic decimetres . 
  i think a more interesting count would be wasted hours . 
  i 'm curious as to what means you got it onto steam ? 
  was it in before greenlight ? 
  so would it at least be feasible to erect two `` radio '' masts and communicate across the country with say 13 micron waves faster than fiber ? 
  drumming up awareness with a flash sale like that might have been cheaper than a marketing campaign . 
  even those who missed the sale or did n't want 598 's may have been more interested in buying sennheiser for a while afterwards . 
  i think it will be both , even a mix . 
  `` cinematic '' first person shooters like half life or bioshock infinite will benefit the most , `` walking simulators '' second , and `` first person films '' third . 
  essentially any situation where creating a first person experience is paramount . 
  while that does tie into the `` anything where first person is paramount '' , you are right that lifelike simulations probably trump nearly everything . 
  any time before agdq actually starts is time spent setting up all of the equipment , and believe me they have a lot of equipment . 
  the best you are going to get is watching speedrunslive . 
  then you run into semantics though . 
  is that only one mining base ? 
  what if you send a planetary fortress to the enemy base and then mine from that ? 
  i think you would have to modify the maps to only have 2-4 mining patches , and maybe force random to add some flair . 
  do they say that on their site ? 
  that 's even better , you can get more out of the `` long tail '' of game sales . 
  is there a vod of this ? 
  the eye only has three types of colour-sensitive cones , roughly corresponding to red , green and blue . 
  when real purple light is seen , the blue and red cones will pick it up , telling the brain `` this light is half red and half blue '' . 
  therefore when a red and blue source of light appears in a small enough area , the cones will interpret the light in the same way . 
  not exactly sure what you are asking here . 
  purple is * by definition * the colour that is half-way between red and blue , so the red and blue cones pick it up roughly equally . 
  happy new year ? 
  best comment i 've seen all year . 
  dolphin just added native pc support to the nintendo version , and the original mayflash also supported pc . 
  nevertheless , mayflash release solid peripherals , and the more adapters available , the better . 
  chances are this will also be less expensive . 
  the noticeable effect of the curve is very small , in fact you are essentially paying a premium for less features . 
  dells website does not say that the monitor has ips , which has a * much * larger impact on your viewing experience . 
  when shopping for content-consumption monitors , the features you want to look for are, 
  * 144hz ( gaming/windows specific ), 
  * ips ( content/general gaming ) or low response time ( professional gaming ), 
  * colour accuracy ( % of srgb ), 
  besides resolution and screen size , most other features will have a comparitively negligible effect on your viewing experience . 
  a very recent version of dolphin added native support to the nintendo gamecube adaptor , you can get the latest version of dolphin [ here ] ( https://dolphin-emu.org/download/ ) . 
  no extra drivers needed , just plug it in and enable it in the controller settings . 
  if you want to read more about this , and other recent changes to dolphin , [ you can read their monthly blog post ] ( https://dolphin-emu.org/blog/2015/01/01/dolphin-progress-report-december-2014/ ) . 
  dolphin gets plenty of neat additions all the time . 
  i would generally advise to choose other features over a curved screen first , but it still seems to be a viable option then . 
  reminds me of smash bros tbh .
