  manga and comics are designed with still frames , so characters and cameras have positioning such that you can understand the weight of an action without motion . 
  this can look very awkward upon adaption . 
  i agree , there are just too many fringe characters now . 
  if they are going to have particular traits and inside jokes , there should at least be some sort of `` explain '' button option on any given character select , with a short animated infographic showcasing the movesets . 
  nichijou seems to have perfected the `` laugh now ! '', 
  face . 
  i laugh every time . 
  at least now the bds are out , production ig put crazy production quality into the show . 
  it 's by no means a perfect cyberpunk , but it 's deliciously dark and entertaining . 
  kiwi here , what sort of stuff did you get up to ? 
  windows 8 does have shortcuts aplenty . 
  while it 's obviously going to get blocked with the great firewall , i 'm wondering what sorts of interesting naming encryption schemes could be used to circumvent it . 
  inb4 `` happy communist shares '', 
  diy sugru , or silicone clay . 
  several developers have suggested that not needing to worry about optimizing the pipeline for the esram considerably quickened development on the ps4 in comparison to xbo . 
  with the esram in place of better ram , developers have to put . 
  besides that though development would probably not be much longer . 
  though if what is being said is true and xbo also does not utilize huma then that 's another obstacle . 
  i live in hamilton . 
  pretty damn safe , but there is nothing much to do here , it 's basically a house city . 
  i liken it to a smaller and shittier auckland , without the traffic . 
  i tend to eeeeeeeeee mayushii style now . 
  really looking forward to future models however . 
  that and the rapid improvement of supercapacitors could see us some awesome and well priced electric cars within the decade . 
  several of the characters had few distinguishing physical characteristics at all , which was a shame . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) or [ lorem ipsm ] ( i.imgur.com/foobar ), 
  could you recommend specific episodes where one could best switch between the series ' ? 
  but we wo n't get to see any superswimming action . 
  agreed , great game , and one of those sorts of games you pick up and put down for arbitrary amounts of time , great for handhelds . 
  only gripe with it is the decidedly unoriginal bosses . 
  probably a lot of it would be to do with the swarm ai and handling so many animated models at once . 
  valve did a good job with l4d2 , i do n't know whether they are taking any cues from that but there were several significant optimizations that occurred between l4d1 and 2 which improved performance . 
  alt +255 makes an `` allowed '' empty character for filenames . 
  may need to toggle numlock . 
  could you upload this to min.us ? 
  imgur is destroying the quality . 
  what is your opinion on the historical inaccuracies of the book of mormon ? 
  in particular why joseph smith would suggest that it was translated , while the original and similar egyptian texts contain nothing related to it 's ` translation ' ? 
  my mistake , the book of abraham is the one which was `` translated '' from papyrus scrolls . 
  [ you can read about it here if you want ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/book_of_abraham#criticism_and_response ) , but bear in mind that all of the justifications for it have been formed well after the fact . 
  of all recovered papyri which joseph smith claims to have translated into the book of abraham , none of them even suggest any relation to abraham , and more specifically are mostly books of the dead , a kind of book of prayers for deceased egyptians . 
  some of the images in the book of abraham have even been modified from the original images , turning various egyptian idols into mormon religious figures . 
  both this and the `` reformed egyptian '' which he uses to translate the plates and in a similar fashion these texts , are considered completely inaccurate . 
  my question is , what do you think about this ? 
  joseph smith in his journals , states quite literally that he translated them , but these translations are quite literally completely incorrect . 
  now some mormons justify this dissonance by saying the texts were inspired work , but before these texts were analyzed no one said anything of the sort . 
  do you think that a key mormon text is a fabrication , or that it was inspired , despite what joseph smith says in his journals ? 
  as a christian , i think that it is very important that one is not complacent with what they are being fed . 
  rigorously question any and every claim and doctrine made by your particular religious group . 
  simply accepting that `` well it might be right , but i do n't want to be sure '' is avoiding truth , and the truth is that many religious texts are not accurate , or contain morals skewed to a society long past . 
  the fact that the mormon church continues to consider all texts incorruptible and literal in construction worries me , particularly with all the historical and scholarly evidence we now have which invalidates swaths of mormon texts . 
  studies have shown that this can create a feedback loop , where your anxiety keeps you indoors more often , which makes you more anxious . 
  make it a habit to go out for a walk a couple times a week . 
  then start going to more public areas . 
  see if you can find someone you can talk to from there . 
  much of that would be due to the very apparent reference point . 
  if you were to look at the sun ( do n't ) and had a dark line in front of you , the sun would pass over that line at the same rate . 
  sure they jumped to a different arc every other episode , but some of the arcs in robotics ; notes were awesome . 
  the show needs more love . 
  some of his recent releases are 60fps and 10bit , so make sure to watch them [ with kcp ] ( http://haruhichan.com/forum/showthread.php?7545-kcp-kawaii-codec-pack ) . 
  some of that stuff just looks incredible . 
  if your gpu is  = hd5770 you can use max quality on install . 
  shin loves florence and the machine . 
  thanks to him i do too . 
  one has to wonder if the us intentionally breeds chaos as a means to fund the war machine , or if they are so shortsighted as to seek small monetary gains by destroying nations . 
  this is from the highschool dxd ed . 
  the `` joker '' rings obstruct basically any given part of the picture on any given frame , so this took dozens of frames , plenty patience and some hand-fixing to get this done . 
  but i could n't find anyone else out there who did a proper version , so here we are . 
  there 's a little bit of colour banding , but i 'm out for the night . 
  enjoy . 
  though a dedicated non-kinect sensor solution could work too . 
  watching hanamaru youchien at the moment , not sure how to react . 
  the ps4 also seems to have demonstrated very quick game switching/boots . 
  8gb of flash would n't cost much , but it would be interesting to see how sony is approaching the unified interface on a hardware level . 
  they have said that on a software level they have prediction methods in place . 
  notch did a half-assed job on the endgame of minecraft . 
  i would have thought the current team would have improved or changed the ending by this point ? 
  considering what just cause 2 multiplayer can achieve on it 's limited server budget , i think there is the possibility of creating a slower-paced game that is persistent , although maybe including loading zones for interiors . 
  in the same fashion , would an application that does not itself violate patents , but connects to a server to run server-side web-app type software using the patent , violate the law ? 
  nintendo is a special case where many of their games are in-house , or `` first party '' . 
  so an outside company making exclusive games like the old bungie or 343 are often called `` second party '' on nintendo consoles ( like gamefreak or hal ) . 
  not controlled by nintendo , but not separated from them either . 
  try using the `` openserverbrowser '' command in console . 
  and playing with the various tabs . 
  you can search for more servers there , and even try one of those australian/russian 20 player servers !, 
  i think someone also made an open server browser button mod that you can find on l4dmaps or something . 
  in all seriousness , what is up with our nonexistent bicycle infrastructure ? 
  and it 's not surprising , given how badly core fanatics of any medium treat creators , particularly if the creator has something to bait discrimination ( female , mental illness , foreigner etc ) . 
  for now just try to be in the middle of the pack and shoot anything but teammates , destructibles or witches . 
  i think that both i and a lot of people were expecting something more of a progressively revealing creepy mystery , rather than just an interesting mystery , given from the descriptions of the show . 
  once i realized that i was watching something different from what i had assumed it would be , i think i had a more positive opinion of it . 
  the fact that every character suffered from plot tunnel vision took a hit to the suspension of disbelief , but some of the tactical sequences were really clever . 
  plus who would n't enjoy the dozen or so `` ehhhhhhh ? '', 
  moments throughout the first two episodes . 
  i have always wondered if the true form of torture could be derived from convincing someone to watch up to 21 of after story , then never telling them about the existence of any other episodes . 
  last test was an alternative gamemode which they admitted had n't been tested with more than 60 people before then , so they had big framerate issues . 
  normal freeroam is fine . 
  while it is true , i was expecting something to actually happen to someone , rather than just a `` there is more to come '' kind of vibe . 
  you going to the reel anime festival in auckland ? 
  that 's gon na be sweet .
