  in general , do you think governments should shift all , some , or no bureaucracy into software ? 
  you said it, 
  josei is far and away my favourite demo/genre , insane how under-represented it is . 
  lets say you divide $ 1.5 m between states . 
  television advertising is really expensive , so you spend $ 100,000 on ads in each state for 10 weeks . 
  now say you can pay each staff member $ 500 a week to go door-to-door , make calls and generally administrate the campaign . 
  that gets you 100 staff per state , for 10 weeks . 
  that alone uses up bernie 's budget . 
  if any money needs to be spent anywhere else for whatever reason , you will have to take resources out of all of the above . 
  this also ignores the fact that a political * primary * campaign is ~ 25 weeks , not 10 weeks . 
  it 's about cost effectiveness . 
  will that 15 second $ 5m ad be better served for mobilising 2,000 workers paid $ 500 a week for 5 weeks ? 
  possibly . 
  phone banking and sharing media with your friends are the definitely the best courses of action, 
  apathy is definitely drilled into all of us from a very young age , and it carries into adulthood . 
  because neither race nor gender should matter when electing a president ? 
  half the problem was that s2 was twice as long as it should have been ; they covered half as much source material . 
  should have been 1 cour , then they could churn out 1 cour per year , probably with more consistent animation to boot . 
  my biggest question regarding all of this : how are software , hardware and pharmaceutical patents affected ? 
  last i heard , hardware and software is unaffected , but pharma is extended somewhat , and the patent holder has more protections . 
  has anything changed with this new analysis ? 
  monster musume is hilariously fantastic , but it can seem hilariously terrible as an elevator pitch . 
  how does / r/newzealand rank in subscribers per capita ? 
  it even has a name !, 
  in fact the psychological term says it on the tin : post traumatic stress disorder . 
  if you did n't receive traumatic stress , you 're just creating stress out of thin air . 
  not that this does n't deserve discussion and treatment , but it is not an external cause . 
  that is all fine and well , but making an ongoing show , let alone a 2-cour show is really hard . 
  the director wanted opm to have stellar animation and general polish from start to finish , and succeeded in that . 
  it 's a good argument to use instant-runoff voting , which bernie also prefers . 
  first-past-the-post is fundamentally flawed , and delegates only add extra-flaw-ness . 
  if we get into the nitty-gritty of single-winner voting , [ schulze ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schulze_method ) and ranked pairs are the most `` fair '' single-winner systems . 
  all pirate parties , and most open-source organisations use schulze . 
  it 's never too late . 
  feeling hopeless is exactly what the establishment wants : it means they get re-elected every time . 
  they could have almost fixed the movie for me if he turned out to be a cyborg in a twist . 
  100 % compatibility with demolition_d , aradren , dewlan , jester31 , kreyton , loser97645 , and matpelly . 
  85 % with marsden , pchu , player808 . 
  do i get a harem ? 
  it should show up on his channel in about an hour : https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucmtfai84ehtsyse9xohefig/videos, 
  seriously , the number of times i hear `` rail is too expensive '' followed by `` we should have invested in rail 10 years ago '' is ridiculous . 
  the best time was yesterday , the second best time is now . 
  that 's not really a fair comment , because here 's the bottom line : this notion that a-1 pictures does n't know what they 're doing is just not true . 
  they know exactly what they 're doing . 
  think about it this way : for every 8-minute conversation that led nowhere , you could be calling 4 people and * identifying * multiple undecided/bernie leaning voters in a quick 2-minute call . 
  there are more undecided/leaning voters than we could possibly call , so do n't sweat the difficult people . 
  studies tend to narrow down demographics as much as possible , to control for as many factors as possible . 
  it could apply to men too , so that would warrant another study , and then perhaps a larger cross-cultural study . 
  many studies have shown that there is actually little to no correlation between minimum wage and unemployment . 
  as for price increases , they will certainly not rise in proportion to the minimum wage . 
  if the minimum wage doubles over the next 10 years , the cost of food and other stuff will not double on top of inflation . 
  i 'm speculating now , but the increase might indeed cause say a 10 % overall rise atop inflation over the same period . 
  pretty happy that kyou is recognised as best not-main-girl girl at least . 
  tomoyo has her own vn , so i guess it 's a perspective thing . 
  pick the lesser of two evils , advocate a third party , advocate another voting system . 
  half of the cities on the list use `` expensive '' as a selling point ( `` only rich people here folks '' ) , so it 's not a huge surprise . 
  as you say , do n't let 'em get to ya . 
  people want commentary that * sounds * not-esports , but is esports . 
  delivering on that is going to make someone mad , but i think the community at large legitimately appreciates the work you put in . 
  to be constructive , i personally quite liked the top 8 commentary at beast recently . 
  there was some very specific placement of hype and calm tone , as well as specific placement of silent and rapid commentary . 
  i like feeling excited when something clearly impressive is going on , i like feeling informed when something clearly insightful is going on , and i like a mix of random-ass stories/silence when nothing is going on . 
  it felt like there was a decent amount of that being delivered at beast , so perhaps there is opportunity for analysis . 
  the original sword art online was effectively a short story that won a writing contest , so that would make sense . 
  it also explains why the adaptation into a franchise was so horrible ( aside from the generally bad writing ) . 
  season 2 had a different writer , and is essentially filler between season 1 and the movie ( which is written by the original guy ) . 
  common sense fallacy , or divine fallacy . 
  this is something my community has observed , and i agree with my community , therefore it is true . 
  `` ehkmahscript '' has the same syllabyl count as javascript , though perhaps ecma would be the best option , given ecma are willing to use their name for it . 
  the key factor here is that this election is legitimately different from anything we 've seen for 20 years or more . 
  trump and sanders are courting way more independents than anyone could have predicted . 
  it contains elements which when said aloud sound like they could make a nice flag . 
  in my opinion the shape , colour and arrangement of all these elements are completely awful however . 
  in terms of the referendum process , there should have been multiple stages . 
  some public submitted and designer-vetted shapes should have been voted on , then a similar process for placement , then a similar process for colour . 
  as it is now , you got to vote on 5 options in the end - three of which include the same shape , two of which are exactly the same shape and placement , and one of which had to be added in by public demand . 
  especially in this case , addiction implies that they would have uncomfortable , even painful withdrawals from trying to quit . 
  almost all porn `` addictions '' are just habits - being unable to quit would suggest there is a bigger problem , possibly unrelated to porn . 
  had tutu on my ptw , but that tipped it over the edge for me . 
  sounds like a pretty interesting concept !, 
  from a utilitarian standpoint , pants keep you warm and are surely more hygienic than dongs/flaps hanging around . 
  toilets ? 
  you 're already sans pants , so it does n't particularly matter who is in the room . 
  just keep the toilets clean and well-spaced . 
  better yet , there could have been a multi-stage process . 
  first we propose symbols , * designers * vet them , then we vote on 3 out of 12 . 
  second stage , people propose flag layout , using none or all of the symbols , plus bands . 
  gets vetted , we vote for 1 out of 6 . 
  third stage , people propose colours , gets vetted , we vote for 1 out of 4 . 
  ensures a good design , yet also allows great public agency . 
  the appeal here it that uber is free ( subsidised ) for the opening week . 
  the difference is in the input effort required . 
  if you want to fake someone saying something , until now you 're going to need put in quite a lot of time and money . 
  in say 6 months from now , anyone will be able to make anyone say anything on video . 
  silence can be great too , i do n't think anyone would be concerned by < 30s of silence . 
  plus if you want to take this seriously , do multiple stages : have people vote for a few symbols and colour-combinations from a designer-vetted list , then have designers shortlist several final options . 
  john key right about now, 
  last i heard , fly was having melee burnout , so we might not hear from him for a while . 
  it is , and it 's called jquery . 
  every paid and free cdn and corporation and their dog hosts jquery for everyone .
