  the block : dinner wars ? 
  new zealand education is almost entirely public education . 
  public primary school , public secondary school/highschool , public university . 
  hybrid private/public primary and secondary schools do exist , but are generally for religious institutions . 
  nz is slightly above average in the oecd for science , reading and math , and well above average in overall years spent at school . 
  in short : farmers love it , everyone else either hates it or does n't care . 
  we have a lot of farmers , so it 'll probably go through . 
  while not entirely dependant on china , they are by far our largest export partner . 
  whenever they ban some particular product , it can cause a big stir here . 
  how are hardware and software patents being affected ? 
  my primary concern was that high-tech would get wrecked here . 
  innovation ? 
  copyright is , or at least was intended to optimise for creative output . 
  there 's no point in making creative works if they are immediately infringed , but there 's also drastically reduced point in making works if you do n't get to draw from the public consciousness . 
  i have no studies on hand so you can take this with a grain of salt , but to my understating the generally accepted optimum is in fact a straight time-limit of 15-30 years . 
  creative workers get to benefit from successful works , but ca n't just sit on works like they are gold . 
  to be fair , not a lot of bitrate is being wasted . 
  h264 encodes the temporal difference ( difference between previous/future and current frames ) , so each duplicate frame contains almost no data . 
  there might be twice as many i-frames ( frames which do n't draw from previous or future frames ) though , so overall there is a slight wasting of bitrate . 
  the point is that consumer vr is still months away , and * good * vr is still a solid generation away . 
  with that in mind , it does n't make any sense to buy pretty much any of the current gpus on the market , the next generation of top end gpus will outclass anything available now . 
  if you really need a gaming pc as of now , just use some mid-range gpu that can handle 1080p , then sell it and get whatever is recommended 1 year from now . 
  a slice of life , nay , most shows are simply incomplete without a genki girl or genki guy . 
  specifically , the new guy did n't add anything new , arguably made some features worse , and basically collects donations `` for free '' . 
  it 's a little like what happened with https://dolphin-emu.org/ and http://www.dolphin-emulator.com/ . 
  the latter is using the more official sounding name for free traffic . 
  chances are the common pronunciation would become completely butchered , like bangkok . 
  would probably come out like `` ow-tea-row '', 
  i would say there is a huge difference . 
  it is assumed that a paedophile does not choose to be one . 
  becoming a child molester is entirely a choice . 
  ping pong did a really good job of wrapping up every character and theme . 
  mainly it 's because we are looking for ( interesting ) hardware . 
  the next smartwatch or smartphone is probably just some snapdragon xxx , ips/oled screen and other components we 've already seen before . 
  wheras the 6s actually has interesting hardware , such as more ssd-like flash , < 20ms touch response , and this surprisingly good a9x . 
  correct , my bad . 
  wellington is definitely the best bet . 
  every other city kinda sucks . 
  that implies melee will decline in popularity from here . 
  i 've had them and they are very good closed headphones for the price . 
  cracks do form around the hinges after ~ 1 year if you are not extremely careful . 
  from now on i stick to headphones with a mostly metal construction . 
  if you are willing to spend the extra cash , i would get the nad viso hp50 or v-moda crossfade m-100 . 
  the hp50s are more neutral , while the m-100s are more bassy and basically indestructible . 
  all is not lost if you get one and it has too much/little bass either . 
  with a good amp these can equalize into pretty much any headphone . 
  right out of hyouka , my favourite character is actually satoshi fukube . 
  to me a good character is savvy , yet conflicted . 
  satoshi is fully aware of his broad , but shallow skillset . 
  he works incredibly hard in order to look carefree . 
  he continues to play the fa\u00e7ade of a rose-coloured high-school life , but his obsessiveness can slip in the most intimate of moments . 
  all of these aspects feel very compelling to me , because even if they are not directly relatable , satoshi feels like one of the most fleshed out characters in any show . 
  after watching sao and accel world , i do n't even think it 's a problem with adaptation ; the `` no one likes me ( except my harem ) but i have plot armour so that 's okay '' style seems to permeate all narrative aspects of his works . 
  [ ] ( / s `` they kiss multiple times '' ) in the chuunibyou light novels , so if that ca n't make it in , i do n't know what will here . 
  unfortunately charisma is the be all and end all of most leaders nowadays . 
  little has some clarkish fire in him , so there 's hope for labour yet . 
  they show up on the tv fairly frequently , under the innocent-sounding `` family health diary '' segment . 
  do n't think i 've seen any outside of that though . 
  and most android phones are not flagships . 
  outside of old iphone inventory , apple has nothing to compete at the sub $ 300 , $ 200 or $ 100 brackets . 
  every android manufacturer has at least one phone at each of those levels , and while the margins are very low , the combined sales numbers are high . 
  on that alone then , it is important to vote for sanders in the primary , to ensure that hillary does not get the nomination . 
  despite the national dislike for hillary , people will probably dislike the republican nominee even more . 
  most people favour bernie once they learn about his policies , which will give him a much better chance over time . 
  armada , the swede who won evo in that video . 
  2nd to 6th varies alot , with leffen doing really well , then slumping a bit , and coming back , but he ca n't enter us for now . 
  because that 's money they could be spending on marketing their products . 
  did it fail financially , or just did n't get traction ? 
  that would be a shame , it was a pretty interesting game . 
  this entire series of videos has garnered him more views than any other video he has ever made . 
  much like the asterisk war , he 's going to keep churning this out as long as people are interested . 
  i think the general sentiment is that gargantia was `` okay '' . 
  did n't have as many highs , but no real lows either . 
  only 2700 can be donated to a candidate , $ 5000 to a pac , and $ infinity to a super pac . 
  that 's exactly why super pacs are one of bernie 's big talking points . 
  bernie technically has the dfa and a worker 's union as pacs , so you could donate $ 5000 to each of those . 
  female viewer rankings in japan actually tend to align pretty closely to the tastes of / r/anime . 
  we also seem to like shoujo and josei elements more than other communities . 
  that 's because english-speakers learned about japan through the portuguese traders , who learned through the chinese traders . 
  china used a different name from the get-go , and then you have multiple re-pronunciations . 
  yahoo is still # 1 in japan , # 5 in the us , and has well-established news networks/portals in a number of countries, 
  12 , 24 , 60 and 360 are all highly composite numbers - that is , they have more divisors than any smaller number . 
  this is a very useful property when dealing with time and angles . 
  this is usually also the basis of the argument to use base 12 instead of base 10 . 
  in terms of divisors , 10 could be seen as more `` wasteful '' . 
  pachinko is n't pinball though . 
  the whole idea is that it 's a slot machine dressed up as a pinball machine - there are no controls , and there 's no `` game '' to it . 
  not only that , you indirectly trade prize tokens for money , so it 's gambling . 
  basically , a number of ai written by different people will play thousands of rounds against each other , over the course of a few days-weeks . 
  because starcraft is so complex , and sc1 pathfinding is garbage ( basically units will sometimes not do what you tell them ) , the most successful ai currently just select from a human-designed building order , and adjust the order over several games . 
  due to this relatively non-dynamic and predictable behaviour , these ai are still beaten by top-level players , who can do reads and mixups mid-game . 
  more `` human-like '' ai do enter this contest , but they have n't yet surpassed the cold efficiency of these top ai . 
  western opinions also vary a lot . 
  / r/anime likes more romance , drama and comedy , such as :, 
  tatami galaxy , honey and clover , your lie in april , or hyouka . 
  the average western fan however , usually likes pure action :, 
  cowboy bebop , dragonball z , samurai champloo , or attack on titan . 
  of course there is plenty of overlap : monogatari franchise , one punch man , fullmetal alchemist . 
  do you have a favourite anime which is * not * described as [ shounen ? 
  ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/genre/27 ),
