  this is n't the same as flagging youtube videos . 
  just an anecdote from a new zealander , with some exception with handhelds nintendo has never really been popular here , and their marketing presence is nonexistent . 
  this is n't helped by the fact that an australian hq is handling the ( nonexistant ) marketing in new zealand ( last i checked nintendo did n't even have an office here ) . 
  i think i have seen possibly two nintendo commercials on television so far this year . 
  the lack of local support extends many generations back . 
  i distinctly remember on a current affairs show in 2007 where a national poll asked which was the best system this generation , `` xbox 360 or ps3 ? '' . 
  the presenter quite matter-of-factually said at the end of the show that they did n't include the wii because it `` did n't count '' which is a pretty blunt admission that no one really seems to care or even know about nintendo here . 
  as such , i would really be interested in seeing new zealand-specific sales , because while nintendo is not a strong household name , `` gameboy '' and and `` pokemon '' are still well known . 
  it would be an interesting reflection on whether nintendo is really breaking new ground here . 
  because that * one * person might be the only person which is causing you pr grief , so you greylist them to correct their behavior ? 
  i do n't think you understand how media works . 
  one journalist with high readership can absolutely throw some weight around . 
  remember the shitstorm not long ago where adam made ambiguous complaints over review embargoes ? 
  please remind me why it is `` not worth it '' to go though the effort of * not going through the effort * of communicating with a journalist , if they are causing you pr grief which might warrant not communicating with them ? 
  i must again reiterate that the process of not communicating with a journalist is not the same as other pr practices such as filing dmca 's to youtube . 
  and bear in mind that adam was the figurehead of the entire situation . 
  it would not have mattered whether other journalists jumped in on the issue , the point is that adam complained to the community at large and the response was a headless hunt . 
  debate all you like whether the response could have changed , you still have n't made any case for why it is not reasonable to enact against a single journalist . 
  clever , avoiding all of my questions with a question about jim sterling 's affiliation in all of this . 
  i 'm going on a whim here and will assume you still think it 's `` not worth it '' to greylist a single journalist , to which i must again remind you that there have been countless events throughout media history which have been instigated by a single journalist who `` did n't keep quiet '' or `` had an agenda '' . 
  pr has a job to improve the company 's relationship with the public , and it is absolutely reasonable to greylist , or even blacklist a journalist if they appear to have an agenda , or are seemingly revealing undesirable or incorrect information to the public , or even simply have a comparatively critical view on your company to which you might choose to greylist them . 
  just so you know op , on average vodafone cable 100 is less than 25mbps , and cable 15 drops below 5mbps under load . 
  you should change to orcon/snap fibre as soon as the opiton is available to you , even vdsl or adsl2 + might be better at this point . 
  oculus is designed to be sold to the mess market , at the lowest possible price . 
  they want the cheapest product at launch that is still fully functional as a hmd . 
  i would n't be surprised if valve is working on a higher quality , premium hmd alongside oculus . 
  carmack has talked about valve investigating screen persistence before they were , which leads me to believe that valve could be trying to create a quality rather than economy option . 
  from what i 've read into in terms of industry standard production software , the colouring software does n't seem to apply aa until composition , which means that key visuals taken straight from colouring are n't aa 'd, 
  from what i had seen the computers studios had did look old , but goddamn that is some arcane technology . 
  bitcoin is n't anonymous at all in some cases . 
  every transaction has a complete history , and every single bitcoin miner has a copy of all transaction history ever . 
  blaz ' statement was pretty subjective , but assuming you got a nintendo console for nintendo games , there are certainly games lining up these holidays for the system which seem pretty valuable purchases . 
  [ kcp ] ( http://haruhichan.com/forum/showthread.php?7545-kcp-kawaii-codec-pack ) is also a good alternative which includes more cutting-edge goodies . 
  another interesting form of insight would be the documentary the century of the self : happiness machines, 
  it 's a little sensationalised , but it gets the facts across . 
  if you 're using reclock , try turning off wasapi or ac-3 encoding in the reclock settings . 
  make sure the sampling rate and format are at their defaults . 
  if you do n't have surround sound , make sure you have the mixing in lav-audio set to stereo . 
  there are definitely alternatives to twitch , the real reason is that they are n't popular , and they wo n't be able to handle the level of users twitch holds . 
  i understood at least the gist of maybe two thirds of the jokes , and knowledge of japan comes mostly from anime . 
  it 's a fun watch regardless . 
  i thought it was subjectively worse because you have now filled a good portion of the screen with distracting black lines , breaking up what would otherwise be solid shapes . 
  your `` objective '' opinion pertains entirely to your own subjective perception of the lined overlay . 
  it does not make the image objectively better or worse . 
  it does change the style , and how you perceive this change in style can be positive or negative . 
  a large number of people might prefer this style , and a minority might detest it . 
  if it was objectively better , everyone can decisively reason it 's net positive value . 
  i 'll be damned if `` objective '' starts going the path of `` literally '' . 
  ips does not immediately give objectively better screen quality , however . 
  most benq monitors tend to have great colour reproduction even into the 120hz stage , whereas qnix and most monitors see drastic reductions in screen quality above 60hz . 
  i do n't think you understand how refresh rate works . 
  in any case , the faster refresh rate causes a considerable drop in colour reproduction quality amongst other factors . 
  console gaming has more in similarity with phone gaming , which is far more accepting of these sorts of models . 
  so i would n't be surprised if they manage to compromise with a more unreasonable model compared to pc platforms . 
  just because it 's gotten harder does n't mean it should n't get any harder , though . 
  even the current standards of testing are pretty lackluster compared to other countries , say germany . 
  those who have n't yet should definitely catch up on the 8 ovas ( so far ) leading in to this . 
  so much glorious suzu chan and hata san . 
  plus there 's a little plot too , if that 's your thing . 
  what i 'm not sure about is how they are going to handle the chronology ? 
  did n't they go through most of shina and aria 's senior year in the ovas ? 
  i guess the 4koma has n't ended , so they could fill the gaps as well as handle graduation ? 
  mahou sensou seems as though you could n't possibly get a more generic mahou shoujo shonen if you tried . 
  i will still give it a try , but it really does sound like the penultimate generic mahou shoujo shonen . 
  the description sounds like the opening episode of essentially every shonen with a magic spin . 
  and i thought light novels were trying to diversify and come up with unique names , rather than go for the most generic names ? 
  magic war ? 
  do n't you have to double the speed of the video ? 
  and you have to stretch the sound , and audio playback in general is pretty terrible . 
  the chaos ; head anime is widely regarded as one of the worst amines , and is 100 % unnecessary to know about going into steins ; gate . 
  learn japanese and play the visual novel if you want . 
  robotics ; notes is a completely different style , and both of these are form different studios from white fox ( who handles steins ; gate ) . 
  i 'd recommend robotics ; notes as an ok slice-of life which is only related to steins ; gate in its shared universe , though in a way they do expect you to have watched steins ; gate for some weird throwbacks . 
  if you actually want a `` canon '' continuation of the white-fox story , there 's a steins ; gate movie which recently came out . 
  it reminds me how in new zealand nearly every sentence ends in a questioning inflection and an ambiguous term , aye ? 
  pineapple lumps . 
  vista sp2 is actually pretty solid , it 's more of a beta windows 7 than anything . 
  red/green colourblind means that either the red or green cone is deficient in the eye . 
  as you can see , the cones in the eye are n't specifically red , green or blue , nor do they all only cover specific wavelengths . 
  these are a multi-band spectral filter , which will essentially redistribute colour to more evenly present the spectrum to the eyes . 
  this is also why enchroma could be beneficial to even normal eyes , as colour could be distributed in a more ideal fashion to how evolution has created it . 
  it wo n't be revolutionary , but you should be able to discern colours far more easily . 
  check my comment above for a more in depth explanation . 
  it 's just not the same style . 
  this is something more akin to redline or a more rugged , retro little witch academia , but that 's pushing it . 
  just a bit of mass disagreement and bandwagoning , really . 
  but you may have hurdled the point entirely , in that bones is the studio which is animating space dandy . 
  context is everything . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to claim when you say `` rift copycats '' , are you saying you tried hmds which were designed and manufactured post rift kickstarter ? 
  were they cheaper than the rift ? 
  not to shadow oculus , but they are a $ 17 million startup with ~ 20 staff and little over a year of r&d , the first half of which is quite publicly available . 
  if sony or microsoft or nintendo made a proper attempt to create a vr headset now , it could very easily be done with a normal distribution in device capability . 
  heck there are several hobbyist vr developers which could easily spearhead any vr movement in any major corporation if they saw it as a beneficial device , say the team behind infiniteye , or the developer of the mipi hdmi interface . 
  the sony and similar hmds are designed largely for media consumption , watching movies and the like , and they all probably received lacklustre r&d and were likely driven by small teams . 
  games had not been a feasible and clear focus until recently , and vr in general simply has not and will not be taken seriously by large corporations until a year or two from now . 
  from a performance perspective , there are a number of means by which the ps4 could be made to work with vr . 
  one of the largest problems is the amount of pre-distortion and artefact correction which must occur to deliver the wide-fov to the eyes . 
  extensive r&d on the lens and screen side ( which sony could easily achieve ) would take significant burden off of the ps4 . 
  the second issue is the screen-door effect , which has not been easily addressed and will not be fully addressed until around next year . 
  a combination of 1080p + and careful lens development will again alleviate this issue , which leads on to the resolution issue .
