  learning the basic kana , vocabulary and sentence structure was really easy , but i have n't had the motivation or a convenient resource to further my ability , which is a shame . 
  the only thing that has resulted is in me being more critical of bad subtitles , while not being able to watch without . 
  my advice would have been to just make your own flashcards , that way you practice writing before you even practice memorizing them . 
  there 's only 40-50 something base characters , and the rest are just modifiers . 
  just memorize one row at a time , then the modifiers ( spend a day on each row and you will be done in little over a week ) . 
  and katakana is very similar to hiragana so it becomes even quicker . 
  once you think you 've memorized them , try to read the hiragana and katakana of anything you see in anime . 
  make not being able to read it quick enough the `` fail state '' . 
  unfortunately you could get a situation like steam , where qc simply does not turn over enough games monthly . 
  so then you try community greenlight , but then devs who are n't or wo n't sell their soul in order to market greenlight votes will still never get the game released . 
  i 'm thinking something along the lines of a lower threshold greenlight and a more streamlined , quick qc ( does the game work ? 
  does the `` first stage '' work ? 
  good to go ) would be the best option . 
  this was the last scene of an anime before i went on a 3 year hiatus . 
  could not have been a better scene . 
  i too put it off for a long time . 
  i think the best idea would be to sandwich it between two known `` light-hearted '' shows . 
  and it 's not all feels , clannad takes a lot of time out to invest you in the characters a bit more ... 
  to be honest , clannad was n't even that great past the first arc , it was more of a harem comedy . 
  likewise the first few arcs of after story . 
  but the character investment makes it worth it . 
  do yourself a favor and watch the `` rebuild '' movies instead of the original anime . 
  when people say `` it was good for it 's time '' they 're not pulling any punches . 
  it was good for it 's time , but unless nostalgia trumps production values , the movies are your best bet . 
  i marathoned the original in one day . 
  one whole day . 
  still ca n't bring myself to watch the remakes or the alt endings . 
  i actually felt a little sick after the original ending . 
  production values aside , they gradually fatten the plot up only to smoulder it over the course of the final few episodes . 
  would also recommend [ hanamaru youichen ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/6574/hanamaru_youchien ) , it 's so simple and cute . 
  the problem is that the show is bad enough as it stands . 
  i do n't care how many ways you can form the phrase `` it was good for its time '' , it is not good by today 's standards . 
  i did n't grow up with anime so `` old school '' does n't generate any nostalgia factor for me , it usually just looks bad . 
  i do n't care if it was `` the origin '' of several tropes we now see in mecha and deconstruction , the show is full of tropes and terrible animation . 
  i ca n't bring myself to watch it not only because of how lame the story was , but because it was so hard to watch in the first place . 
  i do n't see it as a circlejerk theory at all . 
  if you do not tell someone that a given anime was the origin of the tropes they will see , they will assume that it is full of tropes . 
  if in 20 years time we have several attack on titan style shonen variations which have a slightly more refined plot , and you show someone the original attack on titan for the first time , it will feel generic and full of the same character and story tropes the variants had . 
  it is important however to say that not all tropes are bad , so i was a little misguiding in implying full of tropes meant that it was inherently bad . 
  seconded on dennou coil . 
  that show does n't get nearly as much love as it should . 
  it 's far too `` family comedy '' for my liking , but the premise is pretty cool . 
  though in the same vein it 's entirely reasonable for him to want to scale down and work on smaller projects from now on . 
  the director is a mecha fan in general . 
  a japanese showhost gave him a tour of odaiba , including the giant gundam there . 
  he revealed some of the designs of the mechs were modified from japanese mecha . 
  the good thing about vn adaptions is that there is no one way to adapt it . 
  they could just remove feyris and much of the `` moe '' altogether and streamline the route down to [ ] ( / s `` discovery  mods  save mayushii  save kurisu '' ) , possibly in a two-parter . 
  some videogames use wingdings or variations of it as iconsets . 
  this was basically the pre-unicode unicode . 
  not that often when randall actually does a painting as well . 
  this is one of those serious business xkcds, 
  i have a few of these lying around , is there a specific model or type of refill i could find online ? 
  my local retailer does n't do refills . 
  i just do n't understand who this is for . 
  the show is obviously geared towards otakus , who have already watched the anime . 
  the actors will never live up to people 's expectations , even if they are all great . 
  the show is of a lower budget than the anime , which compounds the problems . 
  i 'm not overly concerned about inaccurate costuming and actors , i 'm more concerned with their ability to fit the roles , particularly without the creative liberties anime provides . 
  the only thing i see is that this is a money grab for the sake of being `` in a different medium '' , unless this is getting watered into syndication ? 
  the source material is usually better than the anime , which is exactly * why * he is asking what anime * are * subjectively better than the manga . 
  at least it appears they are doing a wellington screening too !, 
  i have too much time on my hands , so i went ahead and did a raster  vector  raster upscale on one of the pictures for [ a 1080p wallpaper . 
  mostly tried this to see if i could make a nice upscale . 
  wonder if i can automate this . 
  while the colours were a little off ( or it may be that yours is off due to weird browser copypasting shenanigans , i ca n't be sure ) , i believe you are wholly incorrect . 
  that resize is full of mosquito noise and ringing . 
  the while it can be debated whether the addition of my own filtering changed the dynamic of the image , a simple upscale just looks * bad * to the trained eye . 
  while the resyntheizer/content fill looks nice at first glance , it just does n't gel with the flow of the work i feel . 
  there are plenty of different clothing designs already , i think it would be more that * people * would change and adopt many more styles rather than buying the same screen-printed t-shirts . 
  yeah , the `` impulse triggers '' would n't work so that gimmicks out , at which point the ps4 controller has the most benefits . 
  did n't realize i was not contributing to discussion , ouch . 
  yeah , the screen-door effect will only go away at ridiculously high densities , at which point you would probably want to upscale the resolution rather than work with a 4k screen . 
  and the lens blur probably will never fully go away unless they put some serious optics r&d into it . 
  personally i 'm looking forward to what infiniteye will have to offer , as they are targeting the higher end of hmds with one display per eye and a higher fov . 
  because very few games will support it on pc , no matter how you extrapolate it . 
  none of the existing library will , and only xbo console ports will even consider support , and considering my preferences generally lie with games circulating the non-console ecosystem , there 's very little chance i would gain any benefit in that regard . 
  on the other front , i prefer the ergonomics of the ps3 controller and from the models and videos available this genuinely appears to be a positive extension of that , as well as the inclusion of an interesting and easily adaptable input . 
  likewise i pay attention to both design reviews and reviews from my favored journalists whom may cover impressions . 
  i may have been overzealous with the filtering , but it is certainly not blurred , if anything it is sharper . 
  i think you might be referring to the color-bleeding which was probably a bad idea . 
  if you look carefully there are sharp lines along the circles . 
  and the crux of this is still that the purely up-sampled image contains unreasonable amounts of ringing and mosquito noise . 
  applying anti-ringing will cause blur , and applying mitchell filter ( reducing mosquito noise on the upsample ) will decrease sharpness . 
  sharpening that will also have problems . 
  i think this was the best direction , if not overzealous on the combinations . 
  i ca n't seem to be able to pm the guy 's pixiv account , but i do want to tell him to try doing 1080p works next time . 
  and i do n't see more than a small number of developers putting in that if the number of users which will utilize it is small , which i speculate it will be . 
  at this point you are speculating as equally as i am by suggesting that devs would put it in . 
  and it will definitely not be patched in unless the game is undergoing continuous development , that goes without speculation . 
  in other words , the differentiating features of the controller are speculative when brought to the pc , compared to the touchpad of the ps4 which i can guarantee will see driver level support , and i do believe is a forward-thinking idea . 
  well that 's pretty awesome actually . 
  i 'm really hoping valve implements voxel cone tracing , or global illumination of some descript into source 2 . 
  that would make for some incredible sfm lighting without the need to recompile . 
  most rapid prototypers only need the material to be viscous when melted , and to solidify soon after , and is usually therefore in a spindle or powdered format . 
  prototypers may extrude from a nozzle or use lasers or uv curing to laser sinter clumps of powder at a time . 
  as such even materials like titanium oxide can be utilized . 
  but 1080p really is n't enough to drive a head mounted display , particularly with the screen-door effect . 
  1440p or dual-1080p might be okay , but are resolution and framerate proportional for this standard ? 
  to be fair yuyushiki is almost literally yuri yuri in first year of highschool .
