  no harm done if it will save the family . 
  do you know why reposts get upvoted ? 
  it is because some of us never saw it the first time . 
  accept it and deal wit it . 
  husband , whether to the wives knowledge or not , would instantly know that the wife cheated on the husband . 
  do you really think the husband would spend his parenthood on a child that was supposed to be his , but was actually from someone who cheated him ? 
  i 'm sure there would be the generous few who would consider it an adoption , but imagine how much the family would struggle to begin with . 
  even if the swapped baby looked nothing like the parents as he/she got older , they would have some span of lifetime to bond as a family . 
  this is a good theory . 
  nope , [ meet the pyro ] ( http://www.teamfortress.com/images/posts/2012_c.jpg ), 
  that was [ meet the pyro ] ( http://www.teamfortress.com/images/posts/2012_c.jpg ), 
  i thought i was in circlejerk for a moment there . 
  if only the puddles did n't disappear all of a sudden . 
  looking for a modest hat and blighted beak that needs a lover . 
  here is one which actually exists !, 
  incorrect . 
  he was co-founder , and has left to do other things . 
  hmm i wonder what important things they are telling me . 
  never mind , i 'll complain anyway . 
  3 more hats !, 
  chef hat , bubble pipe , texas hat, 
  did n't get a pic , but the sky was completely clear and the moon was awesome in hamilton . 
  i have yet to test all of the maps for similar tricks , but this works in crossfire . 
  yet it is . 
  are using opera browser ? 
  opera has a feature where their servers compress the webpage data then send it to you to decompress . 
  makes loading faster on slower connections . 
  just realized how much nicer the game would look with source engine shaders compared to unreal . 
  are robits like really small robots that can assemble into giant super robots ? 
  in that case , i would n't trust them either . 
  totally worth it . 
  its nice that they can make stuff look completely innocent for the younger audience but also throw in some scary/awesome stuff for the older audience . 
  fantastic work guys !, 
  aaand thats my entry . 
  i know right , this actually looks pretty bad . 
  all games should have this level of shading nowadays , and the clouds just look plain and unrealistic . 
  thank you my dear friend . 
  granted i have n't held it myself , but it has been said that the controller is deceptively light . 
  unfortunately mecha is a twat , so i would n't recommend playing parkour fortress . 
  ( he has quite literally stolen all of max 's work towards the mod . ), 
  and sometimes it will do the first part of `` sending client info '' , but not the second part . 
  ice king , marcelline and her dad , the businessmen and maybe peppermint butler are all likely survivors of the war . 
  remember when ice king had the video diaries ? 
  there was an aeroplane outside the window of one of them , when he was documenting his insanity . 
  the crown said to him that it would `` save him '' from unseen danger . 
  can you hold on to the modest hat for me ? 
  there is only three . 
  red on the left , red and brown in the middle . 
  for those who are wondering , it says 74, 
  awesome . 
  guys , its black for about two or three minutes before the game starts up . 
  just wait . 
  * sigh *, 
  so using that when i can, 
  / r/tf2, 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ), 
  they are called kiwifruit . 
  cheers ,, 
  new zealander . 
  everyone who compiles the game from source gets a penguin hat : o, 
  a repost is okay if no one has seen it in quite a while , imo . 
  i remember that too : o, 
  so you can go past the hardware threshold in development , and optimize later . 
  oh hat i want painted modest, 
  i 'll take the modest :d, 
  they 'll open it up the the community workshop after launch , and you will have all the hats you could ever want !, 
  pineapple and celery make it taste better , i hear . 
  lol game maker . 
  yes it was . 
  now imagine what it would have been like it it was built using unity engine , or something of the sort . 
  bet me to it :(, 
  got beat to it . 
  the karma gods were not smiling today . 
  pyro is poopy joe , a space monkey !, 
  also , saxton hale has all of australias australium hidden in a secret location . 
  possibly in barn blitz . . its all coming together !, 
  still have the modest ? 
  hunted was replaced with payload , because it fit the new aspects of gameplay better . 
  usually those rooms are made to create more specific cubemaps . 
  another one is like that in eyeaduct , and is used on the eerie water . 
  do n't be an obnoxious prick . 
  he wanted an explanation , not a google search . 
  actually , that could work pretty well . 
  i am from hamilton and i can confirm that fuck all happened today . 
  they had that . . um . . thing . . once . . nope . 
  you better deliver op . 
  i cant drive a car and pick it up , you know . 
  / r/colorblind has an awesome little community for likewise color blinded people , 
  on the 1337th upvote , it will be exactly 1337 upvotes . 
  it looks like something a college student made in their spare time . 
  no attention to detail . 
  use an older driver . 
  long story short , slag was a twat to max . 
  sometimes i wonder if people will start using the system to advertise . 
  think about it , a $ 100 advertisement to 35,000 people ? 
  not bad imo . 
  yeah i looked at the stats again , you 're right !, 
  and i imagine on pyromania there could have been hundreds of thousands : o, 
  until man lands on mars , there can be no greater headline . 
  whats wrong with kotaku ?
