  instant windows 7 , only as resource-intensive as xp , and the fastest bootup out of all of them . 
  it works quite well , most of the time . 
  applications that have n't been built for recent versions of windows however occasionally have graphical hiccups , or not run . 
  but this is by no means common or occasional at all . 
  tf2 and minecraft run even better , although that 's largely the extent of my gaming . 
  because of this , assume all source games run very well , and quire prossibly other 3d games in general . 
  the general idea behind this is the same as the general premise of this plan : mesh networking . 
  the symbol is that of a cell , with an outline giving the idea of extension and integration . 
  [ bird fortress 2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=212xqjyqsui ), 
  yeah hl2 was built initially on source , then when ep2 came out it was updated to source 07, 
  portal 2 , alien swarm , dota 2 and cs : go are all going to be/were made from source 2011 i believe, 
  reverse print makes you think about it more . 
  makes everything deeper . 
  good sir , listen here !, 
  i would like the key , because i live in new zealand , and we all have pet sheep here . 
  and jet packs . 
  it 's pretty cool . 
  but on to the meat of this request , which may i add is not lamb , as i do not harm sheep , because i do not have a sheep , or a lamb . 
  i do have two cats however . 
  i would also like to have a key for reasons unbeknownst to me or anyone . 
  mind you , dota 2 is a pretty cool game , so there 's your reason . 
  i have zero experience with playing any dota game or style of such , which is an excellent reason for you to consider allowing me to have the key . 
  why ? 
  bugger if i know . 
  but i say it 's a pretty reasonable deal on my end . 
  i can be your friend on steam . 
  everyone likes having friends , especially redditors , right ? 
  i , can also , use many , commas , in , one , sentence , should that , be of , a certain , aid to , my consideration , to you giving , me a key . 
  surely , no ? 
  in some degree of seriousness though , my two staple games at the moment are tf2 and minecraft . 
  it 'd be nice to throw in some variety these holidays so i 'm not unentertained . 
  apparently i 'm a poor candidate , or there are too many new zealanders just like me , so i was n't invited in . 
  but i 'm sure you can see my end of this debacle , yes ? 
  also , i 'm not australian . 
  also , i will probably get all the ladies in the town once i have this beta . 
  help a man out !, 
  also , i 'm not disabled or have sickness , but i am lacking in the essence of having dota 2 , which is a leading, 
  cause of not being able to play dota 2 !, 
  help a sick redditor out !, 
  also , i am ninja editing like a madman , streaming consciousness everywhere to get more important facts onto this comment . 
  also , i want to play dota 2 . 
  it looks pretty neat . 
  excuse the grammar ,, 
  not sure what else to write ,, 
  antome, 
  you say this as though tf2 did n't have bugs , glitches , exploits and unbalance for the better part of a year when it came out . 
  but yes , tf2 is so easy to pick up and have fun with . 
  source film maker is already out , it 's just really hard to get . 
  and it 's an old buggy version , that . 
  just try it . 
  vsync is often the first port of culprit when it comes to these things . 
  if i was to guess , it will soon do much less damage , or have a longer reload time . 
  meet the pyro . 
  sissmas lights are like paint for your guns . 
  nice one , valve . 
  soldier is lawyer . 
  http://i.imgur.com/qsxep.png higher resolution textures, 
  they appear very . . robotic . 
  demo has a glowing cyclops eye , segmented arm , heavy has a square ammo belt ... 
  horde mode ? 
  bot-like bots ? 
  i feel bad for you man . 
  i 've gotten brown paint ( my first drop in fact , which led me to believe that they were common drops ) , tavish crown , stout shako , tyrants helm , western wear and teddy from random drops , and i 've only had the game for several months . 
  while children should indeed be given the respect to have an opinion , children do not make fully comprehensive judgements to around the age of 11 ( ie a man shoplifted from a jewellery store , but the store owner obtained all of the jewellery illegally , who should get the most blame ? 
  grey area judgements and such . ) . 
  which does n't really mean anything at all in terms of meaningful content , but i guess that 's the stereotype that has been created . 
  remember though that rag-dolls should be kept in , at least in pub games , else you wont know a spycicle spy until it 's too late . 
  indeed , there are probably many more sounds to comprehend at once in tf2 compared to quake , so try to listen for the important ones , ie ubers , uncloaking spies , and crits . 
  same here , i emailed valve about this . 
  wish me luck . 
  i actually think the spy has an advantage . 
  there are heaps of shortcuts and things to jump up on to get the right stab , plus the second points for each team have a ramp loop which you can constantly `` escape '' and ramp-stab with . 
  the way the map is designed allows you to easily break their line of sight . 
  i 'll trade for the attendant . 
  added on steam, 
  i would be pretty keen for it , but i dont have much d : 1 ref ? 
  scout class token , melee slot token , scrap metal , then hope for the best . 
  will trade for attendant, 
  added, 
  [ steam account ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/antomeq ), 
  [ tf2 backpack ] ( http://www.tf2items.com/id/antomeq ), 
  i main pyro :3, 
  if i could choose any item , it would honestly have to be : attendant , be it stock or of quality . 
  looking for a radigan conagher brown if you still have any . 
  do you still have it ? 
  i can take it off your hands :3, 
  pleasure , good sir !, 
  there are few definitive causes of itchiness . 
  itching is not a nervous sensation , it 's a sensation simulated in the brain , a behavioral adaption made to help get rid of things like small insects . 
  that 's why you itch when you just think about itchiness . 
  in fact , itchiness happens largely because of a lack of information reaching the brain . 
  this is why you have amputees whom may feel a constant need to itch a non existent limb . 
  not because of excess nerves , but because the brain thinks it needs to be scratched , but they cant . 
  or when you feel an itching sensation in say for example the wrist , even when it has been numbed . 
  the brain simply has to assume that an area of the body should be scratched for the itching reflex to kick in . 
  i think they both have their own merits . 
  this one has smoother transitions , while the medic one follows the theme a little better . 
  also , the heavy one follows the meme most closely , plus heavy just makes everything more silly . 
  spycicle grants immunity from afterburn . 
  i have the same problem , except the spy 's face is still pixelated : /,
