  even 3000 players would n't crowd a small fraction of the landscape . 
  purely anecdotal however . 
  while landing a single shot is very unlikely , you 're pretty much guaranteed to hit someone out in the open given enough time , from my experience . 
  you 're missing the market however , as this is not going to be sold to people who would build a pc . 
  why do people buy hp desktops ? 
  not necessarily relevant for games , but nearly all television and movies are higher bitrate on blu-ray compared to streaming solutions . 
  physical media has a few years to go yet , or longer depending on whether holographic discs become mass-produced compared to internet infrastructure . 
  after a quick google search it also seems that it will open in theatres in new zealand on march 6th . 
  why is the delay so long , i wonder ? 
  i 've personally found niconico to be a surprisingly practical service for hosting and watching videos . 
  they are constantly improving the functionality for english-speaking countries which is great , though it 's not complete . 
  most japanese gaming content is already hosted there so many of the systems in place are similar and in cases more preferable to youtube . 
  their monetisation program is well-developed and live-streaming is on par with twitch , but better scheduled ( channels can have systems in place to schedule live streams ) . 
  i think the biggest point to make here is that if you do n't market the game equally as much as you market it to the world , demographics aside you 're not going to sell anywhere near as much as you will hope to . 
  japan has plenty of marketing outlets , but you ca n't guarantee a frugal marketing campaign to work , and word of mouth marketing does n't work when the other mouths are in a different language and culture . 
  this is 60s on top of any pre-existing delays . 
  there is no logic to this other than `` some people get stuttering '' and whether anyone wants it or no they 're imposing this unreasonable limit . 
  how the hell do they expect the streamer to communicate with chat like , at all ? 
  it seems i need some ~ ~ life ~ ~ plot advice . 
  in the light novels , are some of the weird factors like kyousuke becoming infatuated with ayase and ayase become full-on yandere explained better ? 
  like , it seems that they both change in character dramatically overnight due to a single eroge . 
  i just felt that that was kind of weird . 
  this sidenarrative really seals my respect for the show , but the anime seemed to have a bunch of really weird points where they essentially shoehorn in character relationships . 
  similarly , kyousuke 's change of heart seems extremely sudden . 
  is this as you say , where after his confrontation with kirino after the kuroneko bomb , kyousuke gradually starts to become madly in love with kirino ? 
  this is hardly alluded to in the anime i feel . 
  they are an altered copy of the bitcoin source code . 
  they use a slightly different method to find coins , and they are `` created '' at a different rate , but the system is mostly the same . 
  the same in that it 's very secure . 
  i was hoping you had simply forgotten some of the neat post-effects in the openings or something , but nope . 
  what is this shit , did they hire a team of graduate students or something ? 
  the show does n't really stray from `` the formula '' per say , but it goes really deep into it 's own self awareness that by the final episode the ideas and actions in the show are ballin . 
  chances are it will simply end up having a nearly completely unrelated side-plot followed by an absurdly open-ended finale . 
  if the show gains enough traction you might get a filler ending and a second season/ova if you 're lucky . 
  light novels are the `` manga of novels '' . 
  obviously much cheaper to produce than manga , with very similar content . 
  they usually release in small volumes , much like manga . 
  the writing style is sometimes discriminated as less `` formal '' or `` refined '' compared to a novel ( though this is usually because light novels are an easy outlet for breakout writers , as it 's a relatively small step from short story competitions compared to a novel ) , and similarly is usually targeted to a more adolescent demographic , who will eat up lower-reading-level but wildly fantastical works . 
  yes , this is called `` pre-mining '' , and people are much less inclined to use pre-mined currencies . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with mining after the fact ( `` instant-mining '' ) , but whether your currency will even catch on depends on the niche you 're trying to fill . 
  creating a new crypto for the sake of it wo n't land you anywhere . 
  bitcoin is popular because it 's the `` biggest '' . 
  litecoin because it 's second biggest . 
  namecoin because it acts as a distributed dns . 
  dogecoin because it 's a meme . 
  some of the other smaller but valued currencies serve niches in terms of how much currency gets generated per block and how often a block is released . 
  i think you 're joking or misunderstanding , as namecoin does exactly what you are suggesting . 
  namecoin uses the decentralised , distributed nature of the bitcoin algorithm to create ownership and processing of keys or `` names '' . 
  you can register any information to a namecoin , such as ownership rights to a domain name , or an ownership of an alias/identification , votes , messages , torrent trackers , shares , some form of virtual `` value '' , metadata . 
  all of this information is completely decentralised from any entity and the processing of the transfer of this information is handled by the process in which `` namecoins '' are transferred between users . 
  the, 
  namecoin is an incredibly and impressively , versatile and practical currency , for reasons entirely unrelated to it 's monetary value . 
  the coins itself can be conisidered exactly the same as bitcoin , purely digital `` coins '' , and their value is arbitrary in that people will simply trade generic namecoins at whatever the market value is . 
  but imagine that you could inscribe messages on to the coins , which declare that `` you registered this web site '' or `` you own this share in the company '' , else you could simply inscribe any message you want ( but those are popular examples ) . 
  the inscription can not be tampered with , and is not physically held anywhere . 
  namecoin essentially allows you to inscribe messages on to them , and the entire system is controlled by nobody ( ca n't be tampered ) . 
  i think the sheer volume of anime could easily accomplish this . 
  hundreds of anime come out each year , if even a few were more geared to the broad western market , it really would n't affect the existing industry that much . 
  plus it acts as a foot-in-the-door for more niche titles to gain traction . 
  in many ways we 're already seeing that with the likes of toonami starting to license anime before release . 
  i do n't know , it could turn into some kind of cool juxta-parody if everyone except for the main/sub main cast is overly bombastic . 
  it depends dramatically on the studio , whether the original director had any hand in the dub , and your available voice actors . 
  voice acting is still an incredibly niche career outside of japan , hence you tend to either hear the same voice actors performing well in everything , or new but unrefined voice actors . 
   compare the animation quality in arise with the animation quality in stand alone complex . 
  in short : it 's ridiculously inferior . 
  compare it to gits 2 , and you 'll be close to tears ( if you have any sense of animation ) . 
  both were films with high-budget-film budgets . 
  compare the third madoka film to the entire madoka series , for example . 
   but even watching the bd 's show an animation quality far beneath earlier works in the gits series . 
  care to share an h264 or some footage to abx ? 
   kyousou giga , uchouten kazoku , valvrave , monogatari , fate/zero and psycho pass are all shows that aired with less than 13 episodes . 
  putting aside the fact that the second season of fate/zero was already budgeted for , and the 4 ovas of monogatari which were already budgeted for ( putting aside the many ovas and seasons since ) , and the incoming sequels to most of your examples , single cour shows are a perfect means to test the waters for new ips . 
  the industry is so broad that it 's risky to budget a long show which might not get noticed amongst the wave of content . 
  how is that an example of a waning industry ? 
   you may also have noticed the decrease in sequels lately . 
  do you like , read the anime lineups at all ? 
  here 's a few sequels coming next year which i could bother to copypaste . 
  * gin no saji 2nd season, 
  two, 
  * the idolm@ster movie : kagayaki no mukougawa e !, 
  * date a live 2nd season, 
  * love live !, 
  school idol project 2nd season, 
  * sequels to most of the not `` less than 13 episodes '' shows earlier, 
  tl ; dr downvoted because you are wrong or irrelevant . 
  the ova 's develop some newly introduced characters , and the humor is more of the same . 
  so i 'd watch those , then start catching up to s2 when you 're finished . 
  very generous . 
  probability distributions , go !, 
  5000 doge reason : i need to join shibe space camp, 
  fair enough . 
  i actually found it hilarious when the `` awkward soundtrack '' kicked in , and you knew she had made an extremely bad decision . 
  gpu mining relies on vram , so has little to do with actual ram . 
  more intense mining may need to make more use of vram , so i 'd make sure you have at least 2gb , though 4gb of any old ram will do for the rest of the computer . 
  you basically want to get the most valuable gpu possible ( or multiple gpus ) without bottlenecking it . 
  hell , i 'd forgo the case for an open-air setup if your room is ventilated , get the cheapest functioning cpu you can with a bundled fan ( haswell celerons are actually pretty badass , hd graphics will even let you play hd video while you mine ) , and get a 3gb 280x or better , or multiple with all that saved money . 
  you want a rock solid psu , particularly if you end up with multiple gpus . 
  check for the best gpu money can buy here https://litecoin.info/mining_hardware_comparison, 
  but beware some of them may not be representative of actual performance due to overclocking . 
  man , i would never give my personal identification number code away , particularly from an automatic transaction machine machine .
