  have you ever thought about watching the ` legal ' , animated kind ? 
  loli that is . 
  i guess 4-5 years is a long time , but in my eyes they still seem pretty fresh . 
  and in relation to the industry in general , they are still comparatively new . 
  it 's been a year since i last went , but you should obviously check out the lakes and countryside . 
  i think someone has a massive track of private land you can drive on too . 
  if i recall , there was about as much to do as there is in hamilton . 
  twizel is one of those places where you learn more about them at a pub than anywhere else . 
  have a beer with the cops while you 're at it . 
  they often do live-streams of pc games on twitch , and those are uploaded to their youtube channel . 
  it almost feels like they 're going to end up `` fixing '' the theme each new game , until it becomes a remastered bf2142 theme . 
  from my perspective it seems that people have mostly complained that the game is going to become less enjoyable over time , with the community getting fragmented between map packs and the like . 
  i also think that besides that , people are concerned ea will pull a battlefield heroes and implement pay-to-win once sales go down . 
  right now i do n't think their post-launch gameplay model is much different from say tf2 , where you can buy alternative items , but just as easily acquire them over time . 
  in any case , i am probably going to wait it out until it appears they are going in the right direction post-launch . 
  i honestly want to see a rendition of the super paper mario aesthetic . 
  the clever use of vector-like art made for some interesting ideas . 
  now all they need is a proper marketing push . 
  nintendo finally has the `` big gun '' which they can start waving around , and getting people excited about the wiiu properly this time around . 
  and given how raw these drivers are , i imagine this card and variants like it will only become more impressive over time . 
  except that we now have significantly less people wanting to cycle as a result . 
  less cyclists means less cyclist awareness , which leads to more accidents for remaining cyclists . 
  besides aesthetics , probably just the same reason people do n't wear hats all the time anymore . 
  they can get uncomfortable and mess up your hair . 
  it 's exasperated by the fact that few people would ever go and seek out a particularly nice helmet , and would rather just pay for whatever the cheapest half-decent one was . 
  in essence , a combination of small issues and carelessness . 
  the solution to all of this of course would be proper cycleways everywhere . 
  which i hope will happen more over time . 
  having an incentive to use bikes will compound over time much in the same way it has been lost . 
  i see no issue with a future of electric bicycles . 
  nothing inherently wrong , but if you do the research , firefox is overall superior these days anyway . 
  plus the project is sponsored by a non-profit organization * not * interested in making you the product . 
  perform a clean install firstly , and install the aurora variant to get more frequent optimizations . 
  oftentimes the slowdown in firefox comes from poorly coded extensions that people forgot about . 
  and what do you mean by `` faster '' ? 
  less page load time , start-up time , cpu/gpu/ram usage ? 
  also consider getting [ waterfox ] ( http://www.waterfoxproject.org/ ) which is a 64-bit optimized variant . 
  firefox is currently overall faster and significantly more reliable than all other browsers . 
  and firefox is at v25 . 
  i doubt chrome has suddenly become spectacularly more reliable and efficient over the past two months faster than firefox is improving . 
  it 's probably leaking memory because those of those very add-ons you speak of . 
  raw firefox should be running perfectly fine , if it 's not there is either a very hardware-specific reason or a non-native issue at play . 
  try a clean install of firefox , or aurora , or try waterfox ( 64-bit firefox ) . 
  what 's interesting is that you did n't even look at the link i showed you , which compared the latest version of opera using the webkit version you speak of . 
  firefox has also gone through a mass load of ui changes . 
  if you provide me with a more recent benchmark or summarized changelog of both , i will happily compare . 
  yeah , i only just found out myself that they had finally updated it after all this time . 
  apparently there was a huge bug in the intel compiler , which along with the constant rapid releases lead to little progress . 
  yeah , the animations could have a more weighted fluidity to them , and i think something like this would benefit from a more zelda-style dialogue ( short , contextual noises and smooth text scroll ) . 
  these are part of a series of `` tachikoma days '' specials that came on the discs i believe . 
  even nvidia pointed out that only high-latency friendly rendering aspects/computations would be worthwhile , ie voxel cone tracing or ai . 
  while this is advantageous for xbone , there is nothing there that sony could n't also implement as well if these ideas were implemented and competitive . 
  unlike last gen , there is n't any subjective doubt that some games will simply be able to perform better on ps4 . 
  yes . 
  due to the nature of the cell architecture in the ps3 , and similar specs otherwise , devs would have to go to great lengths to reach even reasonable performance with the ps3 , let alone superior performance compared to xbox . 
  as a result , multiplatform games tended to look better on xbox in part because they each received similar development time . 
  it becomes subjective because unless a game was built from the ground up to take advantage of the ps3 , you would see largely subjective differences in visual quality . 
  in terms of delivering visual quality , xbox has no quirks beyond esram to deliver any superior visual quality . 
  the gpu is slower , the rest of the ram is slower . 
  and you have to understand that there is only 32mb of esram to use . 
  devs have been saying left and right that they ca n't store enough information on it to make any legitimate use of it outside of 720p . 
  the ps4 is * objectively * better at delivering visual quality than the xbox one in every metric that matters . 
  they trade * some subjective * blows at 720p due to the esram , but the ps4 can best the xbox simply by having the capacity to render the game at equal quality with higher resolution given similar optimization . 
  the ps4 is easier to develop for because it does n't use esram . 
  we now know that the ps4 is * objectively * more powerful , and * objectively * easier to develop for . 
  is this sufficient to convince you ? 
  i for one welcome our tsundere overlords . 
  when i see all of this shadowplay news , i oftentimes feel like people have completely forgotten about quicksync . 
  nevertheless , [ obs ] ( https://obsproject.com/ ) recently added quicksync support , which makes it easier than ever to implement quicksync streaming/storage . 
  fair question . 
  [ obs ] ( https://obsproject.com/ ) recently added quicksync support , so yes you can encode video and stream/store it on the fly . 
  it 's pretty cool . 
  also got ta remember that amd is pitching big with mantle and trueaudio , though those are both untested waters and moreso an investment into future game development . 
  by verticality he means the range of heights available on the map . 
  ie siege of shanghai has a broad distribution of floor heights ranging from sea level to skyscraper . 
  flood zone is more or less ground/water , roof/highway and upper roof . 
  still more than most games but not nearly as impressive in verticality . 
  . . but i have f bound to pootis !, 
  though as a result you can more efficiently encode video after the fact , as x264 has more colour detail to work with to more accurately predict the final frame/residual . 
  and op , consider getting [ kcp ] ( http://haruhichan.com/forum/showthread.php?7545-kcp-kawaii-codec-pack ) , it 's mpc with a bunch of extensions to give better performance/quality . 
  it 's intended for anime but is the best for any media . 
  he wants to be able to fully disassemble and document the console/accessory in it 's entirety . 
  so besides the fact that good photography takes a while , cohesive photography takes even longer and ca n't always be reassembled . 
  the image above it is simply the `` normal '' spectrum of red to violet . 
  those numbers are the electromagnetic wavelength in nanometers . 
  ah , right . 
  the red to yellow/700 -500 appears to be a dark yellow/brown , while the yellow itself is white . 
  green is 550-500 , which appears to be a more solid yellow . 
  cyan at 500 appears white , after which is a transition to a deep blue . 
  essentially , the red and green components have become blended , and white at particular transitional points . 
  but choosing to use a lower resolution * is * a design choice . 
  the system is capable of rendering 1080p native , but they concluded that lowering the resolution made the best compromise between the different visual effects at play . 
  i 'm going to guess you 've already solved this op , but running this through an [ image editor ] ( http://i.imgur.com/isvhddb.png ) shows that the message contains `` an internal error occurred ( provider : prov ^ s ? 
  if the source image was n't compressed you could probably make out even more . 
  a quick search is all that is needed to then find the whole error . 
  though again i 'm assuming you 've already done all this , so i 'll be quiet now . 
  furthermore , it would appear that xbone has also settled with a lanczos upscaler this time around , given the heavy aliasing you can see [ in some upscaled footage . 
  a better upscaler like jinc should mitigate this , so one would have thought that they would have put a little more effort into getting an upscaler which would further neuter the difference , and could be cheapened through mass production . 
  i doubt their engineers have n't heard of better upscalers , given last gen they mentioned their upscaler `` was n't as good as those $ 1000 ones , but it 's good enough '' or something to that effect . 
  it 's a shame that it still appears to be a lanczos filter and not a jinc filter ( could be wrong , but it pretty much looks like it ) , which would have helped reduce the aliasing you see in those xbone screenshots .
