  do n't the nationalist hikkomori 's there complain when their favorite seyuu goes beyond first base in a relationship ? 
  but this fanservice is all good ? 
  it reminded me again how slanted character depiction is handled in anime , when watching a show the other day when the two characters clearly in a relationship but `` too shy to confess '' move right to kissing distance , to then not . 
  because reasons . 
  or those ecchi shows where mc-kun is a complete pervert , mc-san is a tsundere , and neither can get it going in the end . 
  would it be the end of me to see a romcom progress through even half of clannad 's relationship premise by the 12th episode ? 
  i guess toradora has soiled my expectations . 
  this wave of arbitrary currencies and values feels like something out of a medieval merchant 's memoirs . 
  i was thinking more arbitrary in it 's human intervention . 
  people making new currencies all the time , with different proportions of difficulty , trying to ride off of the initial wave of `` no one quite knows its value yet '' , much like how kingdoms would introduce or change the materials in coins frequently , to help squeeze some extra funds and keep merchants guessing . 
  considering the manga are at times getting more sales than the big three ( naruto , bleach , one piece ) any cross-medium content is a given at this point . 
  not that i 'm complaining , this could be really interesting . 
  a few year 's salary might pay you a direct loop from the home to the exchange . 
  this show and hanagai . . :(, 
  2 + years of waiting is a lot of waiting . 
  for those interested , i replaced the japanese audio in this 60fps trailer with the english audio in the youtube trailer . 
  will edit with download link in a few minutes . 
  hold tight . 
  edit : router underwent cardiac arrest . 
  should be up eventually . 
  i usually only analyze an anime if there is a difference between my opinion and the general consensus . 
  for example i did n't like summer wars , the original evangelion , and sao . 
  granted the community is a bit split , they are generally positive towards them . 
  i feel it 's a good idea then to quantify your opinion using aspects of other people 's opinions ( ie suspension of disbelief , it was good for its time , wish fulfillment followed up by fanservice are respectively generalized views on the shows ) . 
  that is horrible . 
  why am i laughing . 
  while the forer effect is probably what is creating many of the waves in the video , i still felt that it was genuinely interesting to see some solidified reasoning behind why we tend to use games as escapism . 
  what i was most surprised about however was that most researchers * were n't * taking this line of approach to their research . 
  social media bubble . 
  this show is basically the spiritual sequel to yuru yuri . 
  heck , one of the main characters is also called yui and is voiced by the same actor . 
  replace tea club with `` data processing club '' ( they searching things on google ) and it 's more or less the same . 
  i actually preferred this to yuru yuri , in large part because of fewer running gags and middle school yuri is . . not the same . 
  [ later in the program ] ( http://www.3news.co.nz/gcsb-opinion-road-trip-continues/tabid/817/articleid/308833/default.aspx ) the reporter went to ask people in various regions of new zealand about the issue . 
  nearly everyone knows about it , some in particularly southern , rural regions `` supported '' it , but admitted they did n't really know much about it . 
  our private news network ( which you see here ) is all over it , while the public network is generally skirting over it . 
  likewise private radio , newspapers and the like have all had some coverage of the issue . 
  except they are not spinning this . 
  this bill is a legitimate concern , and there have been several full-length interviews and conferences on this issue where key has acted antagonistic to opponents , incompetent when pressed , and condescending when asked about how this affects new zealanders . 
  it 's a sad reality . 
  the opposition is in no position to take hold of our economy , the only real way we can get things sorted out is for key to get the boot and for some shuffling within national to happen . 
  if we get lucky we might even have one with morals . 
  after the game was `` finished '' last year ubisoft decided to scrap wiiu exclusivity and so they had a whole bunch of time to add cool stuff like this while they backport the game . 
  i personally felt that it picked up considerably around the halfway point , and by the end of it i was able to appreciate the first half a bit more . 
  it takes them a bit of time to build up the complex network of interconnecting running gags , but it 's worth it . 
  [ snap ] ( http://www.snap.net.nz/ ) can do 350gb for $ 110 . 
  or 200gb and unlimited youtube for $ 95, 
  snap also offer unlimited data between 1am and 7am at no additional cost , so you could potentially reduce the cap here significantly if you 're torrenting or something . 
  are you using a public tracker ? 
  they are always slow not matter what your speed is . 
  you should look into getting a private tracker invite . 
  to answer the question more abstractly , the ai is able to drive an inhuman level of control over individual units , while also maintaining the optimal timing of base building order and unit construction , to help compensate for it 's less capable situational awareness and micromanagement . 
  in grand-master/pro games you will usually see pro players split squads of units up into two or even half a dozen groups to gain superior positioning . 
  in this case the ai will compensate for it 's lack of fundamental awareness by moving each unit individually in the most optimal way it can . 
  it 's the surrealism that makes the other world sequences , something you really could n't achieve without a massive budget and some serious oversight . 
  ( how many truly surreal ` live action ' cg sequences have we seen ? 
  that take up a third of the film ? ), 
  auckland screening ? 
  heck , if i can find transport there i 'm pumped . 
  i 'm assuming 3.33 is going to be subtitled ? 
  i liked it , but i could n't help but think `` imagine what this would have been like in the visual novel '' every step of the way . 
  plus the final arc was a bit meh . 
  way too many ideas and story arcs for a 22 episode show . 
  stay gold man . 
  though with the improvement of computing power over time it could easily take less than a couple hundred years . 
  sure , 1nm graphene asics and decades of r&d might not get there , but would we have considered this combination of concept and technology existing 20 years ago ? 
  there is plenty of opportunity in application-specific , machine and materials research that we simply do not know about . 
  moore 's law is a redundant and catch-all idea , there 's nothing to suggest you could n't dramatically advance a specific application . 
  heck , if we are going to go with `` everyone run their computers for a set time '' towards a goal as an analogy , we might as well assume that everyone has * chosen * to do this , at which point the goal of breaking this key becomes not only a game of power , but design and research . 
  i also do n't think that it 's valid to say that we will not see a breakthrough in an applied technology in the next 200 years , considering nearly every exponential net development so far has occurred in the last 80 years . 
  bluray rips and mpc+kcp is the only way to go when it comes to watching movies and tv . 
  once you have the right setup it is worth the effort . 
  unless the show had shit production , in which case netflix away with your 8bit unsampled 4:0:0 800kbps . 
  yeah , combination of codecs and media player . 
  i think it 's possible to get it working on xmbc , but it 's a windows affair . 
  the best realtime luma and chroma upsampling , audio , subtitles , and chapter handling you can get though . 
  heat death and the `` big rip '' where the universe accelerates in its expansion to the extent that no quanta could ever interact with another , are two potential ends to the universe that have sound judgement . 
  not everything is a philosophical fairy tale . 
  does anyone have good footage of skyscraper demolitions ? 
  it just does n't seem like a skyscraper would `` slice '' apart in that way , at least not at first . 
  sfm can export a png image sequence like a movie , i forget if it can export a static gif sequence also . 
  if you do not have photoshop or equivalents , there are plenty of bulk image converters out there , or you can handle it manually , and unfreez is a super simple static to animated-gif tool . 
  government spy bills , nonexistent public transport infrastructure . 
  we have plenty of cool stuff , but we 're far from perfect . 
  i must have been 10 , me and my brother went to a toy shop for a lego building competition . 
  we both ended up winning a year 's subscription to the lego magazine . 
  i 'm 18 now and still see two in the mail every month . 
  we really need to elect more independent mps, 
  keeping this thread alive is important . 
  do n't forget to, 
  a sorely missed opportunity on randall 's part . 
  i have never quite understood why people put him up on a pedestal as some sort of indie master , to battle carmack and miyamoto in prowess and creativity . 
  in part i feel it 's the fault of the community who continues to `` fill in the gaps '' for him , where he will create a concept and the community will extrapolate and interpolate the concept into a nonexistent design , only for him to jump to the next idea . 
  while probably unintentional , it also confuses me when notch continues to bait the public in this destructive manner , hyping up for what amounts to conceptual demos . 
  it seemed pretty evident with how he shifted all development of minecraft to others , not long after half-finishing an `` ending '' , that at the moment he only seems to be willing to push ideas into the working concept stage , and lacks the oversight to see things through to the end . 
  let 's be honest , they should have used best girl ( kyou ) and ran with that . 
  but i agree , the latter half of clannad s1 ran into the ground to an extent . 
  have you ever watched a cartoon or anime where they try to bring the camerawork as close to the oc as possible ? 
  there was some batman one a couple years ago and it was awful ( using each frame as a camera position , retaining the poses etc ) . 
  direction in one medium simply does not translate without proper adaption .
