  do you think i should get a 3ds or wii u ? 
  i probably would n't end up getting both versions . 
  some korean creators label their manhwa as manga , mind you . 
  though more because manga has become synonymous with `` comics from the east '' . 
  [ wii u ] ( http://smashbros-miiverse.com/images/daily/daily-2014-04-30.jpg ) looks substantially nicer than [ 3ds ] ( http://smashbros-miiverse.com/images/daily/daily-2014-01-09.jpg ) , mind you . 
  but internet is an interesting point . 
  i live in new zealand , so every millisecond counts when it comes to latency , because we have a hard-set latency of ~ 150ms through the pacific :(, 
  when people say that the wii u is as underpowered as a last-gen console , they are talking out of their arse . 
  yes , it does n't compare to ps4 well . 
  but for the purposes of stylised nintendo games , they have managed to hit 1080p , 60fps or both in all of their titles , while maintaining a pretty solid aesthetic . 
  not sure if smash 4 will be 1080p60 , i actually think they might do something similar to 3d world , with 1080p character models and 720p dof backgrounds/stage . 
  he already said that he installed a motor which rotates the panels to receive maximum sunlight over the course of the day . 
  that is already better than what most professional installations will do for you . 
  this is n't particularly hard to automate either , just rotate all the panels towards the one receiving the most light . 
  i like your comment chain, 
  tbf this is from the third movie . 
  expect trade-show demonstrations around 6 months , and the first consumer release around the 10-month mark at a premium . 
  i 'd say we should see actual proliferation some time next year . 
  harsh working as it may , it still fits the analogy of a `` second family '' in a sense . 
  most `` salarymen '' will not be able to find employment if they get laid off of their `` life job '' , as other corporations consider them `` tainted '' by differing corporate flows and ideologies . 
  while things are starting to change as the current salaryman system is breaking apart ( this worked well in the 80s when japan needed to accelerate the flow of education and employment ) , for the most part the common worker is neither able to nor expects to move jobs semi-frequently . 
  the watermark is a dead giveaway , though from google searches it might simply be a modification to make it look particularly bad . 
  money ~ time , and a poorly scheduled/budgeted/produced anime will often lead to animation errors . 
  they usually get fixed up in bds though . 
  an obvious recent example being psycho-pass , and some of the more impressive examples being shaft 's lower budget work i.e. 
  hidamari sketch , where characters are often drawn off-model for tv . 
  in all seriousness , i think the first company to successfully mass-produce and market this stuff on a wide scale could become quite the wave-maker in the confectionery industry . 
  i doubt this will just be a passing novelty . 
  are you going to continue to use an hd4xxx for the next 5 years ? 
  you are going to have to upgrade your gpu eventually , and at that time all ( amd at least ) gpus will have adaptive sync support . 
  yes this involves spending money , but money has to be spent at some point in the future anyway . 
  considering it was n't mentioned , i doubt it will replace lithium ion for particularly storage-dense applications . 
  they would n't rebrand 7000 series again though , surely . 
  so either in the summer or at 20nm i would expect a bunch of new gpus . 
  the camera , the interplay , the editing . . 
  we need to see more . 
  it just happens that video games tend to be the path of least resistance when it comes to introducing new io technologies . 
  kinect style sensors will inevitably see better use in `` holodeck '' environments , but it makes most sense to just try and jam it into a video-game at first , while the rest of the technology world catches up . 
  the guy in the video is specifically saying that he is capturing raw video rather than skeletal reprocessing , however . 
  from what he suggests , this method is very low latency comparatively . 
  arcades are still big in japan , but pc games are not . 
  the solution ? 
  make arcade versions of pc games . 
  firefox gives you the option to use two different types of upscaling algorithm . 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  the thing is , in some countries the wages given are pretty unfair ( mcdonalds accountants in the us could n't figure out how some of their employees afforded to live , not that this changed anything , it was simply an observation ) . 
  not in new zealand though , our decent and gradually increasing minimum wage is fine . 
  minimum wage exists just like bans on drugs exist . 
  if they let it go free , sure the people/market would be `` more free '' , but they/the market will then willingly enter self-destructive practices , as people try to undercut each-other to live the unhealthiest lifestyle . 
  trademe charges you some small but ridiculous fee to show a picture on your listing when it is being searched . 
  cash grabbing basically . 
  now we just need an extension which evens out all of the listing formatting so those who paid for emphasis are unformatted . 
  ars technica proved that with a little bit of intelligence you can quite accurately estimate sales numbers on steam . 
  that said , vgchartz is still pulling numbers out of their arse so i guess they did n't catch on . 
  if you play around with [ cubehelix ] ( http://www.mrao.cam.ac.uk/~dag/cubehelix/cubetry.html ) you should find any particular palette of colours which are guaranteed to be functional for all types of colour blindness . 
  i find it really weird how popular syd is in the west relative to japan . 
  you would think that it would be backwards with all the hard-to-translate or just poorly-translated puns . 
  nevertheless , hata-san is best girl of all time , followed by suzu-chan . 
  hopefully gohands at least continues some remnant of boke-tsukkomi from here , if not another season . 
  only the new testament from the bible is referenced , i am pretty sure . 
  specifically , the parables section . 
  you will probably save yourself a fair bit of reading . 
  i was really into chihayafuru , but clannad was definitely my most time-sponging anime . 
  would you consider a prosthetic penis if you had not gotten one in ~ 10 years time , and it was less expensive ? 
  one that sends sensitivity signals to nerve endings , for example . 
  i would imagine this is more of a convenient filter than a necessary action . 
  more people apply for university than can be enrolled , might as well get the `` smartest '' people in the most convenient fashion . 
  for next time op , do n't forget to use [ cubehelix ] ( http://www.mrao.cam.ac.uk/~dag/cubehelix/cubetry.html ) in your palettes !, 
  my vote goes to hawk , he 's the most tsundere commander you could ask for . 
  some rapid prototypers use liquid or powdered chemicals which are cured with precision uv or similar radiation . 
  similar methods allow `` difficult '' materials like titanium to be prototyped also . 
  yeah , the `` 3d printers '' we 've come to know today are almost all extrusion or uv-cure-based , but the money-is-no-object industrial prototypers can get pretty crazy , and could probably handle stuff like this . 
  homophobia as an * emotional * thing , is not really present in most mainstream religions , unless that religion is being skewed by local culture/ideology . 
  your study groups all regions into one `` religious group '' , so it would be hard to see that from the summary statistics . 
  gay people are said to be `` sinners '' in most forms of christianity , and as such should be forgiven for those `` sins '' . 
  with that in mind , `` support of gay marriage '' is not a very good indicator of homophobia , nor is `` being religious '' in general . 
  the very same text says that you shall not kill , and love your enemy as your own . 
  religion might help give rise to culture , but it is the culture and social environment itself that creates phenomena such as homophobia . 
  those cultures simply cherry-pick teachings from the bible to confirm their own ideas . 
  i would argue that for any christian faith , the new testament should automatically override the old testament when it comes to `` choosing what is right '' , considering the point of christianity is to follow the ideas of jesus , who rejected much of the existing culture of the time . 
  the highly conservative culture you see in a few religious circles today is completely divorced from the radically socialist ( for the time ) concepts from jesus , and you see most of them defaulting to `` old teachings '' . 
  and it 's not even like religion automatically gives rise to these cultures , for example the likes of samoa are almost 100 % christian , yet overwhelmingly support homosexual relationships . 
  build the infrastructure and the service will come . 
  countries like south korea have wised up to that idea , and it 's been working out pretty well for them . 
  hell , with 10gigabit speeds you could just load in sprawling video game maps and textures from the internet . 
  when your assets are purposefully and highly reusable , things get pretty convenient that way . 
  but it becomes pretty evident with `` large '' games like skyrim that compressing/reducing all your assets to a bare minimum can really hamper the * potential * artistic direction for a game . 
  specifically , what is not to trust ? 
  information collection methodology ? 
  there is a lot of really cool stuff that is going on here , that i think a lot of people might want to understand , but do n't have the time or existing knowledge . 
  first up , they go much more in depth [ here ] ( http://newsoffice.mit.edu/2014/glasses-free-3-d-projector-0516 ) , but this should be a nice layman summary , probably . 
  * to essentially summarise what they are doing here and how they are doing it , first think of the 3ds . 
  it uses an 800x360 display , which is divided into vertical-line segments , and a second lcd displays black bars between these at a user-varied intensity . 
  the parallax effect ( like how your finger appears in two places when you shut either eye ) allows two different images to reach the eyes . 
  * the very first thing they have done , is increased the efficiency of this . 
  displaying black bars effectively halves display brightness . 
  with mathematical wizardry they can calculate on any particular frame of video what the optimal colour-intensity combinations on two overlaid lcds are so that they combine to give the same parallax effect . 
  * the second thing they did was improve this concept to allow more than one image to be displayed horizontally or vertically ( 3ds only has two horizontal images ) . 
  traditionally this would mean dividing up the pixels more , adding in thicker bars ( in the case of vertical adding horizontal bars ) and doubling/quadrupling the display brightness or more . 
  with the new method , the efficiency scales such that you could include a dozen or so angles of an image which you could `` switch '' to as you looked around the display .
