  either way this is a bit of a pain . 
  they might as well be wearing frilly swimsuits , with the length of some of those skirts . 
  never have i seen a stream so hyped . 
  you could feel the kevinturtles radiating out of the screen . 
  definitely . 
  once we see unreal , crytek and unity picking up mantle amd will be in very good water . 
  plus if what they say is true , these engines could also have much easier linux ports for amd . 
  honestly with just amd , nvidia and intel left in the space , it would be interesting so see if nvidia and intel just emulate mantle . 
  they were worried that the article would be intercepted by the organization . 
  hopefully the pricing is even half the value of our broadband plans . 
  parallax is the effect where an object further away appears to move slower than an object closer to you . 
  ios 7 replicates this by having layers of objects moving at different speeds . 
  some people like the depth it brings , but some people can get motion sickness like you might do from looking out of a train window . 
  the wording of the article is a little misleading . 
  what they mean is that they are using fresnel lenses ( like a flat lens ) to focus the area of sunlight from ie . 
  297 cm down to 1 cm as you can imagine , this is very hot and difficult to work with , but fresnel lenses are less expensive than solar cells , so the more efficient but resilient cell we can get , the better , as we could significantly reduce costs by focusing the light . 
  research / r/technology posts about kickstarters , and [ read this , ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com.au/mathematicians-figured-out-how-to-execute-the-perfect-reddit-submission-2013-8 ) then research the factors which apply to / r/newzealand . 
  also no one likes blogspam , link right to the content if possible . 
  the worst possible thing to link to is probably a blog article about a kickstarter , when the kickstarter itself has all the content you need . 
  no one is actually going to read the article . 
  they are going to look for the link to the kickstarter page , which is inherently frustrating . 
  clamshell design , and the 3d most likely . 
  if she is getting an xl , size . 
  did you read the article ? 
  the closer you are the more likely you are to break , which makes everyone behind you increasingly more likely to break . 
  constant speed reduces congestion , not the number of cars in a space . 
  i only notice it when someone is looking over my shoulder , and i 'm like `` shit , why am i doing all these weird things while reading text ? '', 
  i think it comes from clicking the middle button for auto-scroll all the time , so it 's subconscious to click and drag even when not scrolling . 
  my guess is they 're trying out various game engines to find the most ideal for development , although they may have already done this . 
  from the wording of the kickstarter article however this seems to be an optimistic preliminary test . 
  remember that this is the preliminary art assets . 
  they could be using the models as a base rig for sprite animation , or cel-shade the models along with other filtering , to give it a more flat , crisp look . 
  something like this , possibly : http://i.imgur.com/9bsnwpo.jpg, 
  while it 's a shame in hindsight , you might want to look at [ bluestacks ] ( http://www.bluestacks.com/ ) for playing your android games on the desktop . 
  that looks amazing . 
  so well done in fact i 'm having a hard time believing that they 're using 3d models all the time . 
  they probably are , but it just looks so crisp . . 
  one last heads up folks , it 's a comment graveyard down there . 
  if there 's going to be this much stupidity about an ama announcement , good luck to the mods for the real thing . 
  my guess is that being optimized for the next gen 8-core consoles and having an engine designed with next gen in mind had them make good use of multithreading . 
  https://i.minus.com/iktwadzwgsnyg.jpg this appears to be the background if you want to work from there . 
  if you consider anime to be japanese animation , and not the inherent features of it , yeah it 's western animation . 
  many devs are still sticking to the adobe workflow , and adobe is trying their utmost to keep people in their workflow . 
  until adobe has a catch-all solution to publish to non-flash platforms * and * keep it 's devs in their workflow , flash will still be around . 
  in the near future , kyoani will start adapting other anime , and dropping them after a single cour season , with the justification that `` it was a promotion for the original content all along '' . 
  you then proceed to take this code and distribute it amongst hundreds of thousands of self-driving cars , reducing research costs through production . 
  where have i heard this before ... 
  with your argument , 99 % of anything is n't a lot , because 99 % of a dollar is only 99 cents . 
  i guess i can retire now . 
  the `` cleanliness '' is what really throws me off . 
  you could have the perfect shader and filter like re : cyborg , and it can still look strange because the smooth , almost inartistic animation throws it into the uncanny valley . 
  you ca n't just pull it off with shaders and filters . 
  you need to , like , have a drawing pass on top of all that or something . 
  you can cheat a little bit by rendering it at anime framerates , but it does n't solve the underlying problem . 
  i realized half way through season 2 that kore wa zombie desu ka lost it 's premise at episode 2 , but i still finished it . 
  i just appreciate it for what it is and see if they play with some interesting mini-arcs . 
  i remember seeing someone play and win some ladder matches using a gamepad . 
  he configured the game to navigate along a grid , rather than moving along the whole screen , using the joysticks and modifiers . 
  unfortunately the twitch channel was deleted . 
  it sacrificed micro , but it was fairly playable . 
  a quick summary for those who do n't have the time or just want a concise memo :, 
  * the brain contains a network of cells , which create pathways to lead to decision making and actions . 
  * when you perform an action , a pathway is created . 
  pathways get reinforced when they are called for many times . 
  * as such , if you need to make a jump , and keep failing this jump , the more you continue to fail , the stronger the pathway or connection to this `` bad action '' . 
  ie you are only reinforcing the failure by purely repeating the wrong action over and over again . 
  * to solve this , you need to create the right pathway . 
  split the action up , or slow the game down as much as you need to until you can execute a complete , correct action , or create the `` good pathway '' . 
  * when you fail , evaluate the failure . 
  what were the factors which caused this ? 
  what needs to happen differently ? 
  * once you understand the problem , and can solve it consistently , begin combining the pieces or speeding the game up again , reinforcing the good pathway . 
  * pay attention to the game 's surroundings . 
  you brain does n't immediately think `` attack animation , press dodge button '' . 
  you have to build up a network of actions over time , and this will happen faster when you pay attention to the causes and effects of actions and objects in the game . 
  many of these points will seem obvious upon reading them , but we often forget or ignore them out of laziness or frustration . 
  even if you 're good at this , or are a great speedrunner in general , this is a good reminder that changing a route or performing a new/different optimization needs the same rigor as practicing for the first time , to create that new pathway . 
  remember that we are talking differences in milliseconds here . 
  you would have to put two of these televisions side-by side with one in `` normal '' and one in `` game '' to really differentiate . 
  you also generally notice something more when it goes from more ideal to less ideal , rather than less ideal to more ideal . 
  people who play with a low-latency setup and are aware of this latency will notice an increase of latency easier than someone who does not have a reference . 
  another analogy would be that watching a video in hd and then sd will appear more worse than watching a video in sd and then hd will appear better , because you have a `` more correct '' reference to compare against . 
  lastly while the benefits are objective , they can be enhanced or diminished by subjectivity . 
  the more you think or hear about a difference in latency or quality , the greater the subjective difference . 
  it just amazes me that even the most basic of psychological techniques work every time . 
  i believe it 's more to do with the beauty of discovering things from data . 
  on that note , here 's a quick and dirty cubehelix fix :, 
  someone ought to make an automated process for this . . 
  it definitely should n't have taken longer than an hour to fix the main videos , and then some to encode , after fixing the game of course . 
  i 'm not so bad with half life 2 grass , it 's the chairs that get me . 
  the half life chairs . 
  you know the ones . 
  probably the best option would be to watch a play-through of each of the games on youtube , if you do n't want to get the games . 
  could not count the number of times i 've wanted to go out for dinner to bp , but choose not to because `` bp is n't a restaurant '' . 
  fuck that , those pies are amazing . 
  white fox ? 
  knew it !, 
  they 're my favorite up-and coming studio . 
  a little rough around the edges , but a lot of heart . 
  and if you 're fast at typing you can finish processing the model in time for the wedding !,
