  this could become a particularly interesting phenomenon with the uptake of head mounted displays in the coming few years . 
  as for bio-electric interface , while i do n't see commercialization within 15 years , i think it 's very reasonable to suggest that there will be laboratory experiments with more refined direct-optic-nerve stimulus . 
  for someone who is n't big on japanese mythology , the story progressively made less and less sense . 
  nintendo and playstation consoles simply have more games intended for the japanese audience than microsoft . 
  while that 's not `` all there is to it '' , xenophobic is an easy and misleading term to throw around . 
  there are numerous competitive barriers that microsoft must come up against which are unrelated to local sentiment . 
  i 'm sure microsoft could bankroll a successful japanese xbox platform if they wanted to , after all that is what they did with the original xbox for the rest of the world . 
  but to create an experience on the level of ps4 or wii u , it would have to be near guaranteed to be at a loss , considering the lengthy time and tight margins sony has pulled already to create its userbase . 
  i do n't remember if it was fully enabled at first , but at some point they locked it down to `` youtube partners '' for quite a few years who were those they deemed would gain them enough advertising revenue . 
  you do n't even need a 4k monitor to notice the benefits of 4k on youtube . 
  all that extra bitrate downscaled into a 1080p form factor looks dramatically superior to the so called `` 1080p bitrate '' on youtube . 
  sadly they still decided that 128kbps audio is `` all you need '' . 
  i 'm assuming you are being sarcastic ? 
  but nonetheless , in the majority of cases , video artefacts increase when upscaled , and decrease when downscaled . 
  higher resolution video of equal or much greater bitrate as such ( due to the greater returns at higher resolutions properly tuned h264 and h265 deliver ) , as long as the source was 4k , when downscaled , will deliver equal or less artefacts . 
  the second fact to consider is that 99 % of consumer video is chroma subsampled at 4:2:0 , this means that there are 1/4 the number of colour pixels compared to `` lightness '' pixels . 
  at 1080p , that means 540p colour , at 4k that means 1080p colour . 
  even if the video had no other artefacts , 4k looks better than 1080p on a 1080p monitor . 
  this all assumes that the source video was 4k . 
  if the video was upscaled from 1080p , this introduces artefacts of its own , which can still mean better quality video in 4k , but not necessarily as much . 
  and now it only costs a few fingers . 
  quite reasonable i would say . 
  for legacy purposes , i guess we should call it 8chan , and make it afrikaans-exclusive ? 
  `` new shape '' does n't really make any sense , but i guess you could say that this is the first time the shape has been investigated for useful properties . 
  while the 3ds probably is n't as complex as the ps3 , it did take much more than a year to go from homebrew to any kind of commercial . 
  jc2 had its fair share of problems . 
  the gunplay and vehicle movement are not nearly as good as games which focus on those areas , and of course there 's no interiors . 
  there are all sorts of new graphical and technical feats that have been achieved since the development of jc2 , so if both gameplay and technical prowess improves for a map of even the same size , i would be plenty happy . 
  i think both these and picture dramas should become more commonplace . 
  i think there is room for something in between low-budget manga and high-budget ( relative to manga ) anime , where you can put a lot of attention into a few meaningful panels . 
  possibly even including looping or non-looping panels that animate as you mouse over , or click-through `` panel '' animations would be generally quite neat . 
  the surge in popularity of tablets would also make this a very easy inroad on the mobile market , i reckon . 
  in any of these cases , it means you only actually have to animate what the reader/viewer is paying attention to . 
  plus you can forgo animating dialogue entirely , unless you want to animate exaggerated gestures and the like . 
  [ alternatively , the direct link to the amv ] ( http://www.animemusicvideos.org/members/members_videoinfo.php?v=189563 ), 
  i think a series of slides , a much slower gif or a gfycat would me much preferred . 
  i think the main take-away from this is that self-driving cars will result in less accidents overall , but could result in a small number of new accidents which otherwise might not happen . 
  that is the key dilemma which i imagine people will continue to argue for years to come , sadly . 
  the thing about many of jc staffs shows as of late is that their shows follow an incredibly stupid plot structure , where maximum useless events occur for the first half , one giant exposition dump occurs 1/2 -2 / 3 of the way in , as if to get the source 's plot out of the way , before progressing into either more useless events or highly confusing and useless events . 
  in the case of multi-arc shows like raildex , it 's the same pattern except self-contained to each arc . 
  it 's almost like the do n't * want * to pace their shows , and instead separate the plot and events into exposition and circuses . 
  that is somewhat misleading . 
  whether vorbis is superior nowadays is rather dubious , refinements in both lame and aotuv have left us with pretty much equal pros and cons in artefacts between the two at any particular bitrate . 
  lame is generally very marginally better at high bitrates , while aotuv very marginally at low bitrates . 
  on paper you would assume that opus  aac  vorbis  musepack  mp3 , but in reality they all have their own fair share of pros and cons , with the older codecs generally being better tuned and optimised as well . 
  that 's like saying a game is `` exclusive '' to the xbox 360 gamepad , or crt monitors . 
  someone will patch in non-vr support if ccp do n't do it themselves . 
  that graph was made somewhere around 2009 iirc though , and is kind of misleading . 
  if you jumped, 
  more recent tests show that above 80-90kbps , [ opus has far more `` bad cases '' than any other modern codec . 
  ] ( http://soundexpert.org/documents/10179/39286/se_listentest@96_11-2013.png ) considering the greater sound processing and storage capacity enabled by modern consoles , 90-130kbps is the sweet spot for game audio right now , and opus ca n't really compete outside of being free license . 
  edit :, 
   sorry but this is a load of shit . 
  have you tried musepack ? 
  the pretentiousness is rife with this point . 
  [ the latest round of listening tests ] ( http://soundexpert.org/documents/10179/39286/se_listentest@96_11-2013.png ) show that vorbis and mp3 are largely within statistical margin of error of each other , trading blows in several samples . 
  so i would n't call it objectively better by any stretch . 
  but yes , for the purposes of free license and all else equal , vorbis makes sense . 
  i think that a combination of eyefinity and trackir is still more practical than , or a great alternative to virtual reality for a variety of use cases . 
  vr has the problem of being a completely separate experience from physical reality , and has various ergonomic and technology disadvantages to go with it at this stage . 
  yep , because it would n't function without management . 
  are you implying that this is problematic in some way ? 
  what have ccp included or planned that would actually pertain only to hmds though ? 
  trackir and eyefinity deliver a very similar experience to vr without many of the ergonomic and technical problems . 
  i know that there will be many people who would rather have a wide-fov monitor array than a hmd for a variety of reasons . 
  with that in mind , i would be extremely surprised if someone did n't patch in normal display support . 
  calling bullshit , but if you do have a source , is that revenue or profit ? 
  the whole show felt like a bastard cousin of the world god only knows . 
  tries to take itself seriously in the middle of all the completely gratuitous fanservice and awful trope-ridden plot . 
  mc-kun is suddenly really good at wooing the wemmens when it comes to the climax , but every other second of the show ? 
  nah , he 's just your average high school kid who got thrown into a harem , or something . 
  at least in twgok the entire premise of the show is that the main character is skilled at manipulating women , and is genre-savvy enough to know when to take the current situation seriously or not . 
  b-baka , it 's not like i wanted to meet you at the elevator or anything . . 
  if there 's one thing new zealand politicians are bad at , it 's being able to keep their corruption a secret . 
  not that i 'm complaining . 
  our government is in most cases good enough to get the job done , not good enough to secure their positions . 
  looks like it 's successfully funded , and i really like the concept of a project like this . 
  not overzealous in scope , and a meaningful buy that will last a backer possibly many lifetimes . 
  stuff like this is what i want to see more of from crowdfunding , less neoventure-capitalism . 
  also the dog is a girl . 
  2012 and 2013 kyoani are different subject matters . 
  most of the shows kyoani did throughout 2013 were generally considered to be pretty poorly written , and it has been particularly concerning as they have only been animating their own source material as of late , few of which ( until this ) they even acknowledge are all that good themselves . 
  many of the works we love kyoani for were when they took an already good source material and adapted it into an anime worthy of the original . 
  that includes the likes of hyouka , nichijou , haruhi and what have you . 
  yeah , they simply decided to animate the continental drift using [ linear ] ( http://www.imagemagick.org/usage/filter/graph_filter_triangle.jpg ) interpolation rather than something more realistic like [ cubic ] ( http://www.imagemagick.org/usage/filter/graph_cubics.jpg ) , [ or sinc ] ( http://www.imagemagick.org/usage/filter/graph_windowed_sinc.jpg ) . 
  probably less of a conscious decision than an oversight , though . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1053/ ), 
  random read/writes will always be abysmal , but that 's not what you use tapes for anyway . 
  one important thing to note is that ps4 was constrained by supply in the previous quarter , so a lot of people continued to buy them as the constraints lifted . 
  personally i do n't think it will hit nearly that many sales next quarter . 
  nevertheless , 3ds did not sell well , that is for certain . 
  big titles like smash are coming soon though , and i know that at least i am getting a 3ds xl just for that . 
  edit :, 
  another interesting point to be made is that * ds * sales are now 153.99 million , getting pretty close to the lifetime sales of the ps2 ~ 155 million . 
  2ds was perfect timing , and in the december quarter nintendo reaped the benefits . 
  bringing the 2ds and the new pokemon out at the same time led to a significant number of sales that quarter . 
  while it 's hard to say if the 2ds `` cannibalised '' 3ds sales , i would argue that it was a net positive , particularly considering the margins on the 2ds are probably similar to the 3ds anyway . 
  i would argue that those who were buying a cheaper version of the 3ds would have otherwise bought a used 3ds . 
  donkey kong country tropical freeze , the wonderful 101 , rayman legends . 
  great first , second , third party titles that all had pretty phenomenal gameplay .
