  [ cubehelix ] ( http://www.mrao.cam.ac.uk/~dag/cubehelix/cubetry.html ) generates various colour ramp options which are completely colour-blind friendly . 
  not being able to discern how light something is would be a nightmare . 
  it would also be either complete blindness , or a psychological condition . 
  `` lightness '' is derived from the number of photons hitting your cones/rods you would either need no cones/rods ( blind ) , or not be able to make sense of it ( some psychological case ) . 
  [ blackblaze has been proven wrong countless times over the years . 
  ] ( http://www.tweaktown.com/articles/6028/dispelling-backblaze-s-hdd-reliability-myth-the-real-story-covered/index.html ) none of their tests have any statistical validity . 
  some drives that were stripped from external enclosures are included in failure ratings . 
  very specific 1.5 tb green/barracuda models with considerably higher failure rates are used . 
  they were n't all deployed at the same time , which makes the entire thing meaningless . 
  older drives used older backblaze enclosures , and these enclosures are notorious for vibration due to their compact design . 
  drives in different areas have drastically different temperatures ( drives at the top are hotter than drives at the bottom , drives on shelves in the middle of an aisle are hotter than on the perimeter ), 
  varying work loads , varying temp environments , varying vibration . 
  they are also testing consumer drives in an enterprise environment . 
  unless you are running a home server , consumer drives will have considerably lower fail-rates across the board . 
  cryptocurrency is distributed at a dynamic rate to miners , such that no matter how much processing power the mining community throws at it , it will deliver coins at a fixed rate . 
  some cryptos are designed to gradually reduce the output of coins over time , artificially limiting the resource . 
  some are designed for a straight , fixed output . 
  graphene is very cheap to obtain at small scales , but the current production processes are absurdly inefficient . 
  `` probability '' would be a more appropriate word than `` yield '' at this stage , for any start-up investigating graphene . 
  the chances of the process actually creating any graphene , let alone that of reasonable quality , is impressively low . 
  colour blindness means that you are missing cones , and ca n't easily distinguish similar colours . 
  but that does n't mean you ca n't tell whether dark blue is different from bright green . 
  this palette has an intensity ( lightness ) ramp , so that colours on one part of the spectrum , are darker than colours in other parts of the spectrum . 
  even if you had complete colour-blindness , the colours would still appear to be a gradual ramp in intensity . 
  as long as you used only one kind of cube-helix palette for any given image , all colour-blind people will be able to distinguish `` colours '' just as easily . 
  hell , people are beating the new octodad in under 20 minutes already . 
  not having cones ( see no colour ) would be colour blindness , just a particularly bad kind . 
  usually colour blindness leaves one without one of the the red , green or blue cones . 
  current manufacturing processes would n't produce anything which could n't be produced in any old science lab , so it would n't be particularly profitable . 
  there is also a matter of size . 
  being able to make graphene is nice and all , but if it 's only a few mm square , there is n't a whole lot you 're going to do with it . 
  someone was bound to have though . 
  science is srs bsns, 
  could you also post a torrent , or animemusicvideos.org link to a high-bitrate , possibly 10bit/60fps video ? 
  mpc-hc with madvr , xysub , reclock and lav plugins ( or more conveniently , [ kcp which combines all of this ] ( http://haruhichan.com/forum/showthread.php?7545-kcp-kawaii-codec-pack ) ) provides a far more configurable and nicer-looking viewer experience , supports more formats as well as newer formats faster , and is being far more actively developed . 
  madvr also recently introduced a new image scaler which takes advantage of neural networks and new edge-directed interpolation , which is pretty cool . 
  the really cool settings require a beefy gpu , though any hardware will benefit from the various plug-ins . 
  if you really invest , you could start archiving hundreds of tb with tapes !, 
  evangelion was never big in the west , but i see where you are coming from . 
  this is more akin to naruto , without being bled dry . 
  that is empirical evidence . 
  naruto has aired to a larger western audience than evangelion , you can check ratings if you want . 
  the woolseyisms would turn it into a completely different show . 
  the english civil war first involved the overthrow of the monarchy , then the overthrow of the monarchy . 
  it was n't cut-and-dried . 
  chances are they were either on holiday , or residents there . 
  what are your thoughts on hub centre steering ? 
  why not put a map on the side , then ? 
  this is things you * never * hear , plenty of people have voiced their disliking of aot and sao . 
  heck , i found the second half of sao to be pretty terrible . 
  honestly , if the developer threw their own art style and dissociated themselves from any particular title , this would stand as an `` original work '' in the mobile space nowadays . 
  government initiatives on this scale usually take a while to start anyway . 
  i think anywhere from mid 2015 onwards will be the sweet spot for an affordable solar roll-out . 
  running a small business in new zealand is impressively simple ( i think we are ranked # 1 for easiest start-up of a business , it 's like 2 phone-calls away ) , so simply ask yourself `` what technical and social skills would i need to do this job alone ? 
  '' , and those should be the skills you discuss . 
  draw attention to your skills by discussing past applications of your skills . 
  how is this in any way different from every other 4.5 '' 3d printer ? 
   can print in abs , and accepts standard 1.75 mm filaments while using open-source software . 
  you could also read the article . 
  . . i would call them shonen action , given they are shonen anime , with almost exclusively action . 
  shonen action has always been popular and likely always will be popular , so the demographics have n't changed there . 
  the only notable shift i have been seeing is the increase of moeguys shows , and as such increased ratios for women . 
  the community at large has n't really lost their way or deviated otherwise . 
  to aru kagaku no railgun . 
  the problem with reaction polls is that any more than yes/no questions can very dramatically fragment the consensus and bias one result . 
  yeah , ping is the least of our worries in nz . 
  we have a direct line to both australia and the west coast , there is n't a hell of a lot more we could ask for in that regard . 
  i think he just switched to a smaller , arguably less aesthetically pleasing font . 
  it 's also causing occasional rainbowing for the encode . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if the streamer bothered to configure obs/x264 to take advantage of low-latency parameters and reduced bitrates for black-white video ? 
  i bet he could reduce stream latency by a couple of seconds . 
  so besides the unimplemented features , the only significant features are `` more realistic algorithms '' and `` if-then '' events . 
  the game does n't sound different at all otherwise . 
  is tf2 circa 2011 a different game from tf2 circa 2013 , because it has different weapon types , scenarios , storylines and play-styles ? 
  i wonder how quickly this trend is spreading in japan , where the `` salaryman til you retire '' lifestyle at least until recently was the assumed way by which a man would go about life . 
  [ here 's to a community which never dies , so long as it is not killed !, 
  the great thing about steins ; gate is that just about everything is canon ; it 's just * in another world line * . 
  the wii u is more or less completely silent and room temperature ; all console manufacturers this generation have seen the need to create quieter , cooler systems , to improve both reliability and have it be less distracting . 
  considering an arctic-silver esque solution would be prohibitively expensive , the hardware performance was lowered instead ( granted the ps4 has a pretty rockin ' cooler , but sony is a laptop manufacturer . ), 
  the 750ti overclocks easily , but it also reaches a performance ceiling pretty quickly . 
  i would still get a 260x for comparable price/performance , mantle , trueaudio ; and leagues better opencl , which will be the death of nvidia one of these days . 
  to my understanding , the 265 is not gcn1 .1 however , which means you wo n't be getting as many fancy things . 
  you are not the target demographic however . 
  consoles typically sit under the television screen , in direct earshot . 
  console noise is also far more likely to mix in with the noise coming from the television , compared to headphones and the like . 
  consoles will often also run without actually playing games , in which case complete silence is a target for designers . 
  in a nutshell , and also for others wanting to inform people : mantle is a new way for developers to program game engines which increases the capability of the gpu , and significantly reduces the need for a powerful cpu for gaming . 
  that said , leveraging the full potential of mantle requires the engine to be ported to mantle , which makes sense only for new games . 
  mantle is cross-platform however , and could become more popular as developers choose to go cross-platform for pcs . 
  mantle * driver * only works on windows . 
  mantle will work for whatever platform they write a driver for . 
  they wanted to in the past , but it seems they have made no comments since . 
  whether they did a complete 180 or simply do n't have the time to properly expand until windows is fully supported , i would go with the latter . 
  that said , there is nothing stopping cross-platform mantle drivers . 
  it 's not like microsoft has some significant financial relationship with amd or something . 
  given the extremely slow progress of the windows drivers , and the evidently small driver teams at amd ( they have a team of 3 ? 
  opengl linux driver devs ) , it will take time either way . 
  i am pretty sure it 's purely a reddit thing . 
  roughly even numbers of male and female people attend anime conventions . 
  hell , more females attend comiket than males , which is as close to `` core fandom '' as you can get .
