  this is just people relying on npm to solve everything . 
  hell , most of these projects are probably using jquery already , making these and other such functions redundant . 
  in principle though , this would allow upgrades to existing fibre infrastructure , correct ? 
  based china free trade agreement, 
  watching his other videos , that 's his whole shtick : treating each op as an object of genuine academic interest . 
  i think an important counter-argument is the free-rider effect . 
  sure , let 's assume that the private sector spends more efficiently than the government . 
  many consumers do n't have enough income to hold demand for lots of new stuff . 
  so who is going to invest in consumers and drive up demand ? 
  hiring more employees or paying higher salaries might help staff retention , but you 're not increasing demand in your own product , rather you 're helping every other business . 
  if no business has incentive to invest in consumers , who will invest ? 
  this is usually solved by government stepping in . 
  not exactly true . 
  amazon could turn a profit if they stopped investing in new infrastructure , but given that their plan is to steadily grow for 50 + years , they have no need to stop investing . 
  215 mile / 345 km range vs the 240/390 range of the base model s . a little smaller . 
  a little less acceleration . 
  other than that , basically the same . 
  the other cost reductions are coming through economies of scale : tesla have been making ~ 50,000 cars a year , now they want to make 500,000 cars a year . 
  the problem really lies in people inventing `` rules '' for agile that made sense for one company at one time , and then trying to apply those rules to every company at all times . 
  the point of agile is that you work iteratively and adaptively , and plan your workflow in order to achieve this . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  [ sasako ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jtffktj.jpg ) [ ( casual red/black ) ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8xefw8o.jpg ) from shirokuma cafe !, 
  this one is actually heading in the right direction i 'd say, 
  this is just the tool i was looking for !, 
  looks like bpg can sometimes beat out av1 at tiny sizes , but it 's early days yet . 
  it even beats flif on some lossless sources . 
   13 % higher latency for kernel make , and a 14 -, 
   23 % decrease in tpc-h throughput for a widely used commercial, 
   database, 
  if that carries through to most multi-threaded applications , it would certainly be an embarrassing boost in performance . 
  i wonder if they would reject `` rogue-like '' ? 
  it also depends on how long you 're running it for . 
  if you 're using it all day , thermodynamics says there is no difference , and you should probably convince the landlord to insulate the house . 
  there are a few ways out , in particular dropping all sponsors , or getting a `` real '' job at one of the sponsor 's offices . 
  and not even that . 
  amongst the best fingerprint sensors on the market , even the best experts , the false positive rate is * 1/1000 * . 
  there are possibly hundreds of people in your city with one finger that is functionally indistinguishable from yours . 
  the false positive rate across * all 10 digits * is * 1/10 ,000 * . 
  they use single transferable vote , which is seen as better than fpp and easier to transition to , but worse than mmp . 
  why the unreasonable effectiveness of { multiple cursors , text objests } can never replace { multiple cursors , text objects } for fun and profit . 
  in particular , i think articles like `` learning to do x from a professional who does y '' can sometimes be informative on quite a number of levels . 
  that 's because of the messed up multi-layered molasses government in the us . 
  nz has some of the fastest bureaucracies and legal systems in the world , not to mention the direct power an incumbent party has . 
  the reason why neither labour nor national calls for revolutionary change , is because they are centrist parties . 
  incredible picture - do you have a full res one lying around somewhere ? 
  it would make for quite a nice wallpaper . 
  from what i can tell , with a change in buffer from 16ms to 4ms , netplay games will have 12ms lower latency , nearly one whole `` old buffer '' lower . 
  that will increase the radius slightly , and will definitely make online tournaments just a little more viable . 
  it should in theory prevent the screen from getting damaged , by having the glass absorb the impact . 
  looking at this again , if you turned the map into greyscale , it 's basically [ a population density map ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jfgklht.png ) . 
  except for some south-east states , people are moving from more populated states to less populated ones . 
  at # 191 in homicide rate , or 0.9 per 100,000 . 
  similar to germany and south korea . 
  us is at # 108 , or 3.9 per 100,000 . 
  similar to iran and cuba . 
  considering there were 8 season 1 ovas , and the manga still seems to be selling well , yeah kinda . 
  for those wanting the rough list :, 
  sight , hearing , taste , smell , touch , balance/acceleration , temperature , pain , limb-positions , time . 
  does not include internal senses like hunger or oxygen level . 
  china deal was good , south korea was ok , tpp could have been a hell of a lot worse , though imo that one 's a wash . we should have negotiated individually . 
  what has amd done to improve compute performance in polaris ? 
  from what i understand , amd is also working in part with another company to allow cuda code to be compiled to c++ , and run on polaris hardware . 
  are you optimistic that software vendors will improve compute support on amd hardware with this ? 
  after all , 2016 is the year memes became real . 
  specifically , i think they are using many double-xp items . 
  i 'm in aus/nz so i 've had this for 2 days , no way i could get that high a level already . 
  but did they mean using shittier heuristics/making them `` dumber '' , or just adding innacuracies to their movement or something ? 
  furthermore , the economics of nuclear power here are n't really in our favour . 
  i would rather see investment in high-speed rail , space tech or semiconductors over nuclear . 
  yup , pretty disappointing actually given the selection of countries . 
  i can understand when he said funday mondays took too much effort , thus mostly walking , but the complete lack of sc2 laddering for 2 + years now has been pretty disheartening . 
  and the best part is that it becomes increasingly less shitty over time . 
  eventually , watson could well become the least shitty doctor . 
  by definition , nothing can exit the * event horizon * of a black hole , because within the event horizon , space is distorted such that every `` direction '' is towards the centre . 
  that 's surprisingly pretty actually . 
  while they are missing some of the tech you might see from kyoani , they are n't all that far behind . 
  regardless of whether you agree with the ratings , each candidate 's paragraphs on the issues is incredibly helpful , worth a skim through . 
  many people have called it a `` filler season '' , and i think that term is apt . 
  to my understanding , it was a different writer and director . 
  it got better at mandarin , japanese is presumably coming in a few months . 
  possibly the greatest example of fptp failing i have ever seen . 
  two similar candidates ( christopher , paula ) splitting the vote against one quite different candidate ( andrew ) . 
  combined , the former two would crush . 
  decent results for the councils themselves though . 
  only dunedin , kapiti coast , marlborough , palmerston north , porirua and wellington use stv . 
  all dhbs use stv . 
  i 'm 4 hours into my 8 hours of sleep , and i have to hand in an assignment . 
  have n't tried the half-sleep strategy before . 
  sleepy , but good . 
  538 actually put it quite well . 
  clinton 's out , biden 's out , so who 's the next wave of democrats ? 
  there 's a lot of opportunities for more progressive politicians in the coming years . 
  warren seems like an obvious option . 
  i felt it in hamilton . 
  hamilton never gets earthquakes . 
  ever . 
  fortunately , we have very strict building codes , so pretty much every building from the past 20 years should handle small quakes , and buildings in quake hotspots are built to hold even more . 
  nah , they will be fine . 
  most/all of the damage will be around wellington and christchurch , both of which are a long way away . 
  no casualties expected anywhere .
