  you would think that after two generations , either microsoft or sony would have figured out how to reduce the cost of production for a better upscaler . 
  a microsoft engineer even said last gen that `` we could have used a $ 1000 upscaler , but this was good enough '' or something of the sort . 
  is there any general process which you go through to get that sense of realistic motion ? 
  i 'm guessing it takes a couple of passes . 
  pose-to-pose ? 
  i think we should value independent mps more . 
  an mp might share your values , but will ultimately follow the values of the party/leader to avoid conflict . 
  parties help to curb fringe radicalism , but if you know what you want , you should be able to vote on what you value , not what they market . 
  do you have a youtube/actual ted link ? 
  i do n't feel like feeding gawker . 
  there are some very effective anti-ringing filters out there nowadays which hardly unsharpen the image at all , and far and away deliver net greater quality compared to lanczos . 
  sometimes i 'm not sure if i 'm socially competent or if it 's just that i have a large circle of friends which share my interests in at least a couple of things . 
  you do n't make your software `` easy '' to pirate , you just decide to put less resources towards security . 
  which in this case did n't bode well . 
  true , though they could easily be one and the same within an organization that large . 
  it would be kind of amusing if they were the same department or received the same budget , given what we see from the outside . 
  it 's largely a problem with the media which considers pedophiles and child molesters one and the same . 
  similar to how they label any non `` standard '' sexual identity to be * more * sexually driven than `` normal '' identity . 
  ie it is often purported that gay people are more sexually active simply because they identify differently . 
  many errors become obvious when you flip them as well . 
  op , make sure you keep things symmetrical next sketch . 
  if it 's the internal amd upscaler then chances are it 's actually worse than the 360 one , which is awkward . 
  these things are pure profit for nintendo , as long as there are even double digit sales they might as well produce them . 
  modders have removed this limit already and the game runs on ~ 2gb of ram . 
  except the game is so poorly optimized the memory leaks until the game crashes on lower ram systems . 
  infinity ward is a ghost of their former self and hardly care for pc at this point . 
  even early last year vr was n't really possible , the dev kits are functional but have a screen-door effect and lens artifacts which are simply not reasonable for a consumer product ( hence it 's a dev kit ) . 
  even if someone decided to play around with the same concept 3 years ago , the technology last year still would n't have been any more viable for any consumer variant , unless you were using dual screens ala infiniteye . 
  1080p and better lenses will fix it enough to be consumer-friendly but it wo n't be until 4k and particularly refined hardware that we really see some artifact-less action . 
  then there 's other issues like fov which other hmds ie infiniteye solve , but they are even further away from a release . 
  expect to see vr to make it 's first break in mid-late 2014 , with mostly artifact-free models in following years . 
  you 're right that it could have spent more time in the engineering oven , and it could very well have become a more viable product . 
  but the components simply was n't progressing at as fast a rate compared to now . 
  they would probably have had a slightly more bearable product , but it would inevitably have flopped about as badly . 
  granted he points the unused ram to be `` over 3gb '' rather than 4gb , but there 's all the evidence you need really . 
  is there any way to track say , the second or third page ? 
  that might give you a much better idea as to what the viewers are like . 
  this and many kinect features can be done with any camera , the main draw for the new kinect is that all of the visual processing that would take up precious cpu in software is done in hardware , so devs can throw in kinect features without worrying about cpu load . 
  a little bit like how amd trueaudio will allow developers to have more realistic sound processing without worrying about resources . 
  edit : could someone explain why so many people feel that this does not contribute to discussion ? 
  thing is , all of this could be achieved with any pair of cameras and some software , it just looks like inverse kinematics and some other image processing functions to me . 
  granted when i say any camera 720p 60fps would be a requirement for accurate measurement , though this is n't uncommon now . 
  the draw here is that kinect does all of this itself , so devs do n't have to soft-code it or use up processing time . 
  was n't there also a `` space dandy '' track in the trailer somewhere ? 
  valve have said that there will be tiers of steam machines , and i would imagine that oems can not go below the lowest tier . 
  likewise they are soon implementing some form of service which shows how games will run on a given tier , using the steam hardware survey . 
  i have n't looked into it much but they are putting in a lot of work behind the scenes to make it more accessible at launch . 
  to a lay man , what does this do differently to pngout ? 
  how is that unrealistic ? 
  body tracking has been around for a very long time , and with an accurate enough set of cameras you can track the acceleration of limbs and estimate weight . 
  what part of this seems unrealistic ? 
  you are correct , and i also described every other camera connected to a general purpose processor . 
  plus the devs for obs are actively working to rewrite and redesign the software from the ground up for a new iteration . 
  exactly . 
  porn is so ubiquitous that any act which improves viewer retention is vital . 
  it 's why porn sites are usually ahead of the curve in business strategies and technologies . 
  particularly considering he is repaying over a third of all the money stolen . 
  granted it 's hard to say whether he will cover the remainder if or when he gets more money . 
  but is the 1 % of satisfying games worth the pool of unsatisfying games ? 
  nevertheless , you now have quite a few moba options catering to different levels of risk/reward through gameplay . 
  super mario 64 brought innovative 3d platforming , halo is still one of the finest first person shooters , snes had f-zero and pilotwings , the list goes on . 
  a great game is a great game , regardless of it 's point in a system 's cycle . 
  i have n't seen any mechanically innovative games from xbone yet , largely just mediocore games with near pc graphics . 
  left 4 dead 2 could support twenty zombies on a system with well over twenty times less memory and a plethora of cpu/gpu bottlenecks , each capable of complex path-finding and animation , and still looked great . 
  putting aside the fact that the majority of the zombie ai appears to consist of purely idle animations , the game does n't look particularly dynamic at all to be honest . 
  qq was the keyboard shortcut and inherent message from other players to quit the game ( of warcraft 2 ) because they were bad . 
  it has since transformed into a `` crying '' or whining face , with the inherent message of `` cry more , bro '' . 
  is bitcoin making the newspapers over there ? 
  it 's awesome that we have a culture far more aware of disruptive technology compared to when the internet first showed up . 
  south korea is practically owned by corporations at this point . 
  the flower they use however is a forget-me-not , which is a nice touch . 
  it was a mostly great story , but the ending was too melodramatic for my tastes . 
  if they rounded it up at the [ ] ( / s `` rocket launch '' ) rather than playing the characters to one last , and ultimately needless melodramatic hurrah , i think i would have left with a more positive impression . 
  not sure who would disagree with you . 
  all of the advertisements are entirely gaming related , and only happen during install . 
  that 's non-intrusive advertising . 
  heck , you 're probably not even going to look at the install while it 's running . 
  the point is that selling intrusive ads on top of a premium service is completely ridiculous . 
  is it not ips ? 
  what about the qnix or x-star ones ? 
  http://www.animemusicvideos.org/members/members_videoinfo.php?v=193862 link to actual author . 
  does n't japan have one of the lowest personal debt per cap ? 
  considering the wii u is next gen , and the only difference is the additional content and controls , i imagine the only difference would be some exclusive content making use of each system 's quirks , ala kinect and touchpad . 
  this might be better suited , and you might be interested in / r/animation, 
  in all seriousness , anyone who takes the time to learn can create perfectly good vectors in 30 minutes , including the time it took to learn . 
  you hear sessler complaining frequently about how he hates review scores , and rev3 's recent reviews really seem to show this . 
  the scores appear arbitrary given their `` likes '' and `` dislikes '' , with games like shadowfall and knack seemingly being brought down by story , yet rating over the tried aspects of ghosts . 
  it does n't help that the different reviewers at rev3 also have different tolerances to what makes a story interesting . 
  they already opt out of metacritic , and at this point i really feel that they should go all the way in their decision to drop scores . 
  that way reviewers are free to accent the review with elements particular to them without causing the divisiveness you see with their recent reviews . 
  chess is n't exactly a bandwidth-intensive game to stream however , particularly when it 's a virtual representation . 
  granted with cfr and cbr twitch limits your options , but x264 does not add new frames to the stream unless a scene cut is detected ( or in the case of twitch , 2 seconds has passed ) . 
  in effect you have only the difference in the motion of the mouse and chess pieces sent as `` frames '' between those two-second periods . 
  starcraft has a camera with many objects on screen moving at once , as well as screen panning . 
  this gives rise to much higher comparative bitrate for similar visual quality ( lack of artifacts ) . 
  have you considered getting [ enchroma ] ( http://enchroma.com/shop/ ) colour correction glasses ? 
  here are several posts on / r/colorblind with information about them and peoples ' experiences with them . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/colorblind/comments/1q259z/berkeley_company_invents_glasses_that_overcome/cd8kt0n ), 
  so the wii is sixth gen because it is more comparable to a gamecube than the ps3 or xbox 360 ? 
  why would they target more than one person ?
