  of course , if you happen to not know how bittorrent works , and you happen to have a piss poor television/eyes , and you happen to have a decent internet connection , and you happen to only have an xbox to work with or something , and you happen to be watching an english dub , then vpn tunnelling netflix might not be your worst option . 
  however the stars do not align where i live . 
  but that 's the thing though , the business does n't run on site fees , it runs on advertising . 
  which means the growth comes from more people accessing the service , than more businesses using the service . 
  and having nearly every chinese business on your site is a compelling reason to access the service . 
  / r/nottheonion does not allow post titles to be modified from the original article , however . 
  the obvious solution would to be to search for other articles which do not sensationalise the headline as much , but what if all major news sources did , or even all sources ? 
  linking to the study itself would be pointless if it was behind a paywall . 
  imo the correct action to take would be to tag the title as misleading , and let the discussion in the comments take course from there . 
  particularly considering they let in far more sensationalist headlines than this . 
  it may have had something to do with preserving the limited memory ( 88mb ) of the wii , by grabbing the needed texture on the fly . 
  choosing to use a spritesheet would probably have meant having a particularly large texture constantly in memory , whereas the texture for the game & watch model appears to be only a few grey and black lines . 
  this seems like a great option for pursuing image processing , but what about areas like deep learning ? 
  or would you consider them closely related . 
  ken became one of the strongest players as soon as melee came out . 
  with exception to m2k i think he has proven his adaptability the most out of anyone . 
  plus i 'm sure it was intentional to give the players a short practise time , if they gave them a week we would see the professionals straight up outclass the `` flavour '' players and there would be no point to the exercise . 
  unless you are video encoding/have a crazy power bill , then there has n't been any real point to upgrading the cpu for quite a while now . 
  nehalem i7s are still beating haswell i5s in most important specs . 
  the only cpu which improved in the past few years was amds , but they 've stopped doing desktop grade cpus anyway so again , no change . 
  and with dx12 and mantle , games are actually starting to use less cpu than they have in the past . 
  the majority of the power of the pc is gradually being sucked inside of the gpu as this sort of do-it-all paralell processor . 
  if you built a decent computer in the sandy bridge era , the only real components that constitute an `` upgrade '' would be the gpu and adding an ssd . 
  oh i agree , setting up cpus in quantity over quality would probably negate many of the advantages of a current gen top end cpu anyway , but getting that setup right is not as convenient as just getting whatever the supercool new flagship part is . 
  the problem then becomes one of availability , where it 's basically impossible to buy a nehalem part , or at least one that is less expensive than an ivy bridge part . 
  on the topic of video encoding , x264 is still the best quality and fastest encoder after all these years , and the only real successor will be x265 , which again will be a cpu bound software . 
  the only soft/hardware which gets close to any level of x264 speed/quality ratio is haswell quicksync , which puts you back to square one . 
  x264 can be accelerated by the gpu , but it leads to lower quality video so there 's little point to the exercise , unless you are in the situation where the factors of quality/speed/latency / media match up just right . 
  i have actually sometimes considered making a farm of haswell pentiums for the express purpose of taking advantage of the quicksync asic , but it seems like a pretty far-fetched idea . 
  not all the time , you definitely see the occasional `` ugly but cool '' character like daru or nishida . 
  they could always use amazon cloud services ... or microsoft azure to help buffer the initial wave of activity . 
  oh i agree that the design does n't actually warrant changing , as an idea this could arguably be more a study of simplicity than a final result . 
  this is not helvetica though , helvetica would make it seem like a flimsy corporate logo , though i can definitely see how simply leaving it as any geometric sans serif could come off as more or less the same way in the end . 
  i agree that the positioning and the weights did n't get much attention , i should probably have spent more time refining it . 
  i just figured that throwing more ideas out there would n't necessarily be a bad idea . 
  the `` professional '' comment was more as a joke , but i agree that it is certainly not well designed by any stretch ; that is why it is an idea . 
  i think the most important thing that could be taken away is that if any changes were to be made to the existing design , it should keep the original intent of the design in tact . 
  definitely , changing what is n't broken is fine , i just figured that adding some simplicity to the recent design discussion as well as pointing out the significance of the original elements seemed like a useful thing to throw around . 
  comparing the two now , you 're not wrong . 
  though i at least like to think i kept some personality from the original , going too simple was probably a step too far . 
  nevertheless , i figured a simple aesthetic could at least point out the important aspects of the original design . 
  there can be no harm from discussing the elements of the existing design , can there ? 
  the `` professional '' comment was more of a joke , i was simply bringing in some ideas of simplicity while retaining aspects of the original design . 
  i do agree however that it probably took away too much of the personality of the original design . 
  in terms of the contrasting type weights , or that the design as a whole is an `` eyesore '' , as it were ? 
  i agree that the positioning and weight might have been a bit off , and going all geometric sans serif might not have been the best route . 
  but it did n't seem like the worst idea to point out the important areas of the original design while there was still discussion on the design of vgbc . 
  if the end result is no change at all , that 's fine . 
  region locking still exists because it makes more money than the bad pr , and it lets them keep track of individual region performance . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  australasians are used to paying more for everything , so it makes sense to lock that region from importing american games . 
  as for europe and america , it means they can price more lucrative games independently , for example they can charge more for fifa in europe . 
  companies that do n't have as strong a region locking still try their darnedest to prevent people from importing games from other regions anyway , simply because it makes financial sense to do so . 
  creating region-specific bonuses and supporting local retailers , for example . 
  that 's all good man , it 's fine enough that you gave it a look !, 
  villager also seems to reward an aggressive playstyle , which should fit with kdj nicely . 
  the real reason is that there is no point as modern technology could not surpass the speed of the voyager probes even if we tried . 
  in the 1960s the planets happened to be in the ideal orbit such that the probes could accelerate to the speeds they are at now through gravitational assists . 
  we might be able to get close to their speed , and even surpass it over time , but it would take multiple decades of gravitational manuevers and acceleration from ion propulsion . 
  it makes more sense to wait until we have space-ready technologies that would actually result in a probe which could achieve something meaningful that we could n't have otherwise done inside our solar system . 
  space research is n't all about budget , it 's also about choosing meaningful projects . 
  have you seen his eyes though ? 
  he 's seen it all man , you just know he 's the kind of person out for blood . 
  wait , so it 's pronounced `` feeldays '' ? 
  that 's not really image damaging though . 
  no one believes coca cola has nutritional value , this is n't 1960s big tobacco we 're talking about . 
  coca-cola 's image is that their drink is the de facto for happy , social occasions . 
  their message is that theirs is the drink `` you want '' when hanging out with friends . 
  it would be image damaging if he agreed that coca cola was associated with depression , or something . 
  did you walk over to them and ask them `` do you think that is good for your health '' ? 
  people know that consuming it is bad for them , the all important point is that they do n't care enough . 
  not because they are suicidal , but because are influenced by their local environment to live in the now , and not consider their long term health . 
  i would assume that those people see their habits as more convenient than inconvenient , and reversible , whether that may be true or not . 
  as for my neighbourhood , i grew up near poets corner , enderley . 
  aka one of the most socioeconomically depirved areas of a city in new zealand . 
  [ so deprived in fact the council has an ongoing project to make it not the worst . 
  ] ( http://www.hamilton.govt.nz/our-city/city-strategies/documents/poets%20corner%20proj%20report%20-%20social%20wellbeing.pdf ), 
  i could see subway tournaments being a thing , people generally practising and competing on the go . 
  3ds tournaments could also be quite popular in schools and universities . 
  did i miss the neck tilt ? 
  i did n't see any neck tilting . 
  plus free is for all intents and purposes original , so they can just write whatever they like and roll with it , with as many seasons as they want . 
  that 's more of a cost-saving technique , though it has become a shaft staple . 
  as many similar frames and as little body articulation as possible . 
  i think the problem is that all of the depictions of the big bang are generally very similar to depictions of a supernova , with a small core bursting out into nothing . 
  i get that it is to make it seem dramatic , but would it be more `` authentic '' to depict it as a rapidly expanding sponge , as it were ? 
  similarly , surely the universe does have a technical centre , a point or area which has the smallest average distance to all expanding `` edges '' of the universe ? 
  even if there is no matter fixed at that point . 
  there was also a japanese stream on nicovideo with at least 50k viewers the one time i checked in the quarter-finals , and the youtube stream had over 40k . 
  my house is just outside their `` progress region '' , and it 's starting to get rather frustrating with announcements like this . 
  uff change their estimates from 6 months to a year on a monthly basis , and isps are n't helping either . 
  any given isp will quote completely different estimates to receive fiber in our area , and this will change monthly . 
  for example , i can check the uff site , it will say january 2015 . 
  snap might then tell me september 2014 , orcon december , telecom may 2015 , all on the same day . 
  these will vary randomly from month to month . 
  next month uff will say june 2016 , or july 2014 . 
  the isps will all not only not quote even a marginally similar date , they all vary from each other , and each month will be random from the last . 
  uff already rolled out fiber two streets away 6 months ago , and it shows on their website . 
  yet my snr is too poor to enable vdsl , so welp . 
  it 's more that they make some good stuff and some bad stuff , so people automatically assume they either only make bad stuff or only make good stuff .
