  whats happened ? 
  in sports kinda yeah, 
  well if you follow the rules yeah its not too bad, 
  theres support for joining nato ? 
  they were n't anarchists , they were pan-slavists looking to unite the southern slavs and free them from austrian oppression . 
  you 'd still be part of austria-hungary if it was n't for him, 
  weapons of mass destruction in serbia, 
  what , its not at all . 
  based on austria-hungary being a collapsing state that just annexed bosnia and pissed off russia and germany , who was feeling a bit aggressive , backed austria-hungary with a blanc check . 
  based on the fact that the uk was getting nervous with germany and their development of a navy and france 's treaty with russia . 
  pretty fucking obvious there would have been war . 
  based on austria-hungary being a weak collapsing state that just annexed bosnia and pissed off russia and germany , who was feeling a bit aggressive , backed austria-hungary with a blanc check . 
  based on the fact that the uk was getting nervous with germany and their development of a navy and france 's treaty with russia . 
  pretty fucking obvious there would have been war . 
  ahh the famous `` sandwich '' . 
  kinda yeah cause serbia paid a high price too and in the end created yugoslavia . 
  it helped free the other slavic nations under the oppressive austro-hungarian boot which saw slavs as inferior . 
  you really think gavrilo caused 17 million deaths lol ? 
  [ considering how ah conducted their warfare in serbia , yeah i 'd honour him ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/hromadn\u00e1_poprava_srbsk\u00e9ho_obyvatelstva.jpg ) . 
  ahh the famous `` sandwich '' . 
  kinda yeah cause serbia paid a high price too and in the end created yugoslavia . 
  it helped free the other slavic nations under the oppressive austro-hungarian boot which saw slavs as inferior . 
  you really think gavrilo caused 17 million deaths lol ? 
  [ considering how ah conducted their warfare in serbia , yeah i 'd honour him ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/hromadn\u00e1_poprava_srbsk\u00e9ho_obyvatelstva.jpg ) . 
  ca n't describe his actions in a sentence but i 'll try . 
  a man who saw his country annexed and occupied by an autocrat and whose actions , which he believed to be right , set an already unstable europe on the path to war sooner . 
  can i have one ? 
  everyone here in serbia is worried about serbia 's debt level and serbia turning into a `` greece '' . 
  what they do n't realize is even though there is a crisis in greee their standard of living and pretty much everything is higher in greece lol . 
  got ta love all the news headlines `` serbia erects statue to man who started world war 1 '' . 
  lol cmon now, 
  wow syrzia is retarded , its going to destroy greece, 
  considering many in the balkans dont have mortgage payments its livable but tough, 
  silly eastern post-communist eu states , obeying the eu rules ... 
  lithuania , never change, 
  i love how they dont dare touch israel, 
  ohh, 
  wow so convincing, 
  trust me im aware of rt 's bullshit claims but op posted other evidence of the school warning, 
  fuck id watch it, 
  its true we do yeah, 
  yep , you pretty much asked for it just like charlie hebdo did, 
  wooooooooooooooow , if this is what europe is i dont want us in europe, 
  no just dumb, 
  the eu is nothing like the ussr, 
  lol, 
  i agree that youre entitled to your opinion and as a straight male i dont like gay marriage either but a long time ago i realized that it affects me in literally no way at all like zero . 
  let 'em marry if they want . 
  i do n't understand why a majority of the citizens are being asked on an issue that does not affect them at all . 
  ask the lgbt community if they want gay marriage or not . 
  if they do well then give it to them . 
  awesome , the eu ca n't handle a small country 's economy and some paki boat migrants . 
  and this thing wants to be a world power ... 
  lol this guyyyy, 
  says the chick from england, 
  more !!!, 
  good, 
  would have been cool to have been from big yugoland but whatever over itttttt, 
  innovation should be banned , youre right . 
  can we also ban the internet because libraries are suffering ? 
  ive been screwed over by taxi drivers before ( not in serbia ) . 
  one time the taxi driver kept talking to us making us laugh and we didnt even realize he didnt turn on the price meter and charged us a lot more . 
  we didnt realize till we got home that night . 
  also ive been refused a trip because it was `` too short '' . 
  but what really ticked me off was when i was paying a bill in toronto once there was a tip option , a tip ?!?!?!, 
  for fucking what , doing your job ?? 
  i blame kolinda and the far right hdz, 
  well there are options, 
  not if youre a miserable cunt, 
  4 pictures from black and white ? 
  wow such change for tallinn, 
  ice cream ? 
  islam is sooo incompatible with europe , prove me wrong, 
  say albanian cebapi is better, 
  you have no idea how correct this is, 
  ohh, 
  big deal , the president is wanted for cigarette smuggling in italy , the president people, 
  this gets posted at least 3 times a year, 
  read flair, 
  meh , we seem to be doing fine without it . 
  well ... yeah, 
   but i think the majority of croatians would rather never win a sports competition you havent won anything anyways, 
  this doesnt just happen in serbia . 
  this happens everywhere with major celebrity athletes, 
  yeooooo party up in belgradeee !!, 
  no one cares about yugoslavia , this is serbias achievement . 
  yugoslavias dead , get over it . 
  guess they should have taken it, 
  i dont know what should have been done with krajina but tearing the serbs there away from belgrade was clearly not the right move in hindsight . 
  you can have him !, 
  yeah man `` just fucking go '' we agreed, 
  well no , no one is saying that it was a conspiracy against the serbs or some nonsense like that but rather unfair . 
  the croatians , bosnians and slovenes had every right to secede from yugoslavia but the sizable serb minorities in those regions ( excluding slovenia ) were basically ignored in their wishes to stay within yugoslavia . 
  thats what caused the rebellions in croatia and bosnia . 
  kosovo is different of course . 
  what ? 
  no retard it 's like calling japan a victim in wwii but when you look at the facts you see that they did fucked up shit too in the same war . 
  so who are they to play the victim card, 
  no one is saying `` oh your war crimes are worse worse than ours '' rather that if youre going to accuse someone of war crimes and play the victim card air your own dirty laundry first . 
  but nowhere is it june 20th,
