  ayyyyyyy lmao, 
  i dont like animals getting hurt so im against it, 
  i doubt it too , theyre just trying to legitimize the attack which is a whole nother level of messed up ... 
  cause theyre serb so they must be involved with genocide, 
  thats what i thought too lol, 
  sure are better than the victims to communism monument harpers got planned, 
  op obviously has a massive hard on for hating russia, 
  no , i believe its an old colonial era ship, 
  still gross, 
  proof or gtfo, 
  wtf is a gallon ? 
  but where are the gulags ? 
  taken wasnt just a movie, 
  fuck off this isnt real ? 
  is it ?? 
  its a lot less popular than it used to be and people are a lot more health conscious regarding smoking . 
  back in the days it was the bees knees lem me tells ya , couldnt walk into a cafe without someone smoking . 
  from which side , russian or german ? 
  cause neither were funny . 
  what about the us embassy attack in sarajevo ? 
  yes they singed the pact after the western powers gave a 1/3 of czechoslovakia to the germans and then the entire thing without flinching . 
  lmao no one has ever called kristijan golubovi\u0107 and arkan good christians haha, 
  pfff doubt it, 
   but if you could use the money on other urgent things , then i think you should do that . 
  its like 70 % uae money not ours, 
  we arent that rich here in serbia so who the hell 's gon na buy all these luxury apartments and condos ? 
  that it doesnt go with the old euro architecture of the city and that itll ruin the landscape , that itll block out the view of the danube with that massive tower and that its a cost that serbia can not afford . 
  among some of the chief concerns . 
  im not sure how to feel about it , itll bring some modernization and jobs but will it pay out ? 
  mehh moneys money, 
  srbija not need germoney monies wen we have uae kebab monies, 
  debatable , not everyones happy about it, 
  kebab money always welcome, 
  but then how do they internet ? 
  i do some of my best internetting while pooping !, 
  public institutions are secular institutions, 
  wow pathetic, 
  so rs and donetsk bad but kosovo good ? 
  i guess only us backed separatists are legitimate . 
  lol this guy, 
  go away pitbull, 
  i really hope this is staged : s if not , wtf ? 
  yano theres more to our country than just `` they like russia '', 
  i thought under 1244 kosovo could n't secede, 
  edi rama 's playing with fire, 
  which faction in syria ? 
  oh i think the vlachs in serbia are fine ... i think . 
  as long as they dont go trying to declare independence . 
  we 're really sick of that here . 
   even though they never hear about serbia . 
  probably a good thing, 
  y. . . youd do that for us ? 
  i like it but promote our interests where ? 
  srbija can not into eu yet, 
  haha shit !, 
  by 1977 we 'll be vacationing on the moon i tells ya !, 
  so happy that they 're all running away from it !, 
  what exactly do they export ? 
  wow we 're in the 80s !, 
  with all the constant bitching everyone does here figured we 'd be next to last, 
  top lels, 
  my step dad once had a scottish poodle as a kid so that makes me 1/300th scottish . 
  i just live dublin and my scottish roots, 
  americans have no idea where glasgow is , got ta set it in a parody of well known places, 
  shits made up yo, 
  muhhhh serb opreshhhunsss meanwhile the dictator was a croat, 
  they should se the next gta in london or some shit, 
  is n't nagorno-karabagh something like 90 % armenian ? 
  how do you hope to integrate that into azerbaijan ? 
  alexander the fyrom ` er would be proud, 
  1st or last one, 
  i would, 
  thats so deep that im finding albanian bodies, 
  im starting to believe more albanians died during the kosovo war than jews in the holocaust, 
  make sure to bury me in one of these apparently real mass graves that were dug up , moved to serbia and buried again but still cant be found . 
  here we see the typical albanian : lying and crying to the west bout muhh genocide while providing no results . 
  here come the `` muhh genocide '' tears, 
  is it in europe ? 
   implying it 'll be allowed in turkey, 
  yeah too many arabs, 
  lol fucking nonsense, 
  never thought i 'd agree with the american but here i am ... 
  bosniak muslim guy not serbian . 
  there is a minority bosniak population in serbia in the sandzak region , where he was from . 
  he was not an ethnic serb . 
  but not vice versa, 
  so has any other superpower , theyre all dicks, 
  i said warsaw pact , whats the us equivalent of the warsaw pact ? 
  its nato . 
  why antagonize russia by bringing nato onto its borders . 
  this is the dumbest thing ive ever read, 
  why antagonize russia ? 
  its like adding cuba to the warsaw pact . 
  it would only antagonize the us and the us would try everything to overthrow that government friendly to russia . 
  which is what they did !, 
  ayyyyyy lmao, 
  good politician and albanian are never used in the same sentence, 
  people like these are just cray, 
  still better than `` the really really big telescope in europe '', 
  i 'm sure it 's not that hard,
