  [ perfect , then europe can take them in too !, 
  throwing water and supplies onto the tracks ... do europe and favor and throw yourselves onto those tracks too, 
  accurate, 
  the migrants would bother me less if they would stop littering . 
  i fucking hate litter . 
  actually serbia was found not guilty but good try . 
  and dont act so innocent , didnt bulgaria expel some hundreds of thousands of bulgarian turks in the early 90 's ? 
  oh right cause we only did those, 
  are n't they both responsible for the deaths of millions ? 
  nato bombing of poland when ? 
  eastern europe is full of them , that 's why the schengen exists for eu states, 
  cept theres no proof that youre the offspring of the illyrians or any of those peoples . 
  really ? 
  according to who ??? 
   i was watching `` fear the walking dead '' stopped reading right there . 
  i. . . what ? 
  merkel says otherwise and will take down all of europe with her, 
  muslims have ~ ~ lived in ~ ~ invaded serbia for hundreds of years . 
  i should open a business in the middle east selling american flags !, 
  holy fuck the eu is actually going to get something done !?!?? 
  lad ... take a breather, 
  would steal , can not deny, 
  god forbid i ever end up there, 
  no they built fake migs on the ground with ovens in them so theyd have a heat signature so nato jets would use million dollar bombs on wooden migs built with ovens that cost something like $ 300 to make, 
  saint !, 
  jk i dnno ... less of a cunt ? 
  well ...  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita, 
  might have something to do with this  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita, 
  like instagram ? 
  clearly says `` repost '', 
  wrd, 
  in 99 ' during the nato bombing of fr yugoslavia ( serbia & montenegro ) zolt\u00e1n dani , an ethnic hungarian in the yugoslav air defense shot down an american f-117 nighthawk which was supposed to be invisible !, 
  so to rub it in to that cunt clinton these leaflets were printed saying `` sorry , we didnt know it was invisible ! '', 
  ayyyyyyyyy, 
  2 deaths ? 
  we never killed any americans during the nato war, 
  well you see theres a huge military complex in crimea at sevastapol that the russians wanted but in kosovo there is a huge american military complex called camp bondsteel that for some reason everyone ignores when comparing kosovo to crimea ... 
  ohhh buddy the entire balkans is a dick measuring contest, 
  well that was a fun europe while it lasted, 
  i was expecting 3 or 4 crazies maybe 10 tops !, 
  but that is a lot of people ... 
  why do they have to litter so much, 
  `` djokovic in the finals croatians in shock '' , awweee yeeee, 
  i dont think youre able to find me north dakota on a map, 
  in other news djokovic war crimes cilic, 
  why independence ? 
  whats so bad about the spanish ?? 
  okayyyy relaxxx , i doubt uncle same gives two shits about spain or catalonia, 
  thank you, 
  where has this been posted , show me ? 
  haha, 
  hey that minority can leave anytime they want, 
  nice flair there hans, 
  none , i dont even want to be in the eu anymore tbh , thing is looking like a big mess : s, 
  the eu / mostly germany , put pressure on the states that were part of the south stream to cancel the project with russia because russia was being bad then germany turns around and does its own pipeline deal with russia . 
  wtf man ? 
  so nord stream good because germany needs it but south stream bad because russia huh ? 
  well fuck the eu then . 
  yeah ? 
  go live in an arab neighborhood . 
  i did in brussels and it was fucking scary lem me tell ya ... 
  iron curtain bitch , whatsup now ? 
  did someone shoot the archduke again ? 
  i offer to build 200 churches in saudi arabia, 
  wrd, 
  pftt please no one could even touch the saudis , hypothetically they could even get away with hijacking an airliner into an american building !, 
  hypothetically . 
  shutup no way he said this ... 
  knew it . 
  means a lot to simunic, 
  such is life in russia, 
  haha holy shit wow, 
  lol really ? 
  apparently beggars can be choosers !, 
  i think bush said the same thing about iraq, 
  well when the us invaded and occupied iraq it dismantled the iraqi army and police and so there was no defense force . 
  it fired and got rid of all members of the ruling government which set the country into anarchy because they were basically the most experienced people to run the country , even low level admins were fired , and saddam and his baathist ideology kept a lid on radicalism but with that gone all the crazies were free to do what they wanted . 
  as well as iraq was a counterbalance to iran which now also no longer exists . 
  the occupation yeah was in 2003 but the occupation lasted until 2011 . 
  this is one of the largest fuckups and largest war crimes by the us and mostly cheney and his lackeys imo . 
  andddd lets not forget the us led invasion of iraq, 
  i guess only he knew what it took to keep libya stable and knew that his overthrow would destabilize libya and the arab world further, 
  dont be fooled , arabs idolize the dollar as much as they dont like to admit it, 
  oh i see , i think i remember reading an article a few weeks ago of some syrian refugees being settled in northern sweden and they refused to get off the bus because they wanted accommodations in stockholm or a city rather ... my mouth dropped . 
  thats not the same atall, 
  was wondering the same thing tbh, 
  wow this eu thing is starting to look prettttttyyyyy shitttyyyy if you ask me, 
  we cant take in refugees , weve still got refugees from the 90s !, 
  yeah well who the hell can you support here really ? 
  how bout germany stops imposing what it believes is right on the rest of europe and more on the wealthy gulf states, 
  the entire serbian political elite needs a good old stalin era purge, 
  such is life in bosnia, 
   immigrant . . are we not allowed to say arab anymore ? 
  no took a train from amsterdam to liege , never seen so many crackhead addicts, 
  thanx gods , but really makes me so mad is that the rich gulf countries are doing nothing pretty much . 
  to win . 
  yup , almost as many crackheads as i 've seen in the netherlands, 
  lmao that 's like hitler calling for elections in 1942, 
  yeahhh the middle east in a nutshell, 
  no actually he was georgian his name was nikoli teshvili,
