  its the problem that solves itself in the end, 
  lots of nazi defense goin on hereee . 
  ohhh i see, 
  they receive money to keep them afloat and functioning . 
  without those funds banks would go bust and the state would not be able to function or pay anyone and banks would close as we saw earlier this month . 
  hot snow falls up in balkans, 
  fuk off ger-moneys, 
  the vote was retarded , the real alternative to austerity was financial collapse . 
  germany is not going to give the greek government money to spend how they feel like in such conditions . 
  obviously they 're going to give them money with conditions its retarded that anyone would think otherwise, 
  i just hate his face for some reason . 
  it 's okay most people ca n't even afford german products ( mercedes , bmw etc ) . 
  instead stop buying chinese , they do a lot worse shit than germany but good luck on not buying chinese . 
  what a proud day for canada and therefore the world, 
  in the winter, 
  all hell will freeze over . 
  no really though , the europzones credit rating might get downgraded as well as possible defaults and exits by the other 3 members of the pi ( g ) s . this could cause a prolonged deeper recession and loss of confidence in the euro and possibly an entire collapse of the euro currency itself . 
  worse case situation here though . 
  can anyone tell me this isnt like kosovo ? 
  this is exactly like what happened in kosovo . 
  its not the end . 
  the 13 colonies of the usa formed a small state and at the beginning there were many problems . 
  inefficient government due to too little power being allocated to the feds . 
  but they came together and formed the motherfucking us of a eventually . 
  so give it time , im sure something will come out off all this . 
  those darn evil germans, 
  right , germany trying to keep greece afloat through loans with conditions is definitely a sign of german domination, 
  id like to join pls, 
  a fucking legend on the map would have been nice . 
  no idea what i am looking at here . 
  yeah man, 
  belgrade i think was like the first communist state in europe to have one i think, 
  salt the soil so nothing will grow !!!!, 
  got ta cut your losses at some point, 
  i 'm talking about krajina, 
  horrible terrible bastion of anti-semitism, 
  is this the onion ? 
  leave or be killed is `` allowed to leave safely '', 
  who records their crimes for fucks sake p , i 'm more bewildered than anything, 
  well a decade ago he said he 'd kill 100 muslims for every serb dead so what did he expect would happen ? 
  be welcomed with open arms ... 
  i never denied srebrenica, 
  no , nato bombed bosnian serb positions in operation deliberate force , weakened their lines and cut communications which allowed the croatian forces to retake krajina as well as move forward on bosnia . 
  yeah well albanians got to keep kosovo and croatia got to keep krajina . 
  all those places were wiped clean of serbs aside from northern kosovo . 
  serbia still hosts the largest number of refugees in europe , maybe 2nd now to ukraine , but get your facts straight . 
  coming from a turk ... 
  well done mladic , recording all your crimes ffs ... 
  lets just say no one in serbia is upset over this, 
  god bless you sir, 
  kangaroo courts, 
  that 's what i thought too, 
  kangaroo courts jumping from one decision to another, 
  haha balkan mentality right there, 
  not really, 
  i 'm on an ipad alright , you know what a pain it is typing on this thing ? 
  wow so vukafarkis or whatever for all his big talk and referendum in the end accomplished nothing ? 
  says the guy whose country does n't even recognize the armenian genocide and vetoes anything pertaining to palestine being called an occupied state or even statehood !, 
  talk about 2 +2 equaling 5 ... ps . 
  tadic was about as useful as tits on a bull . 
  i think this is all just used to piss off russia , honest to god . 
  or they could just you know , stop drawing swastikas, 
  considering all the hot air coming out of our politicians asses these days , yeah this makes sense, 
  i 'm sure they 're devastated, 
  calm down croatia, 
  yeah cause everyone listens to the european parliament ... 
  this will just divide bosnia further, 
  i retract my earlier comment, 
  lol, 
   but politically it 's even worse than before i really dont like that kolinda gal, 
  always amazes me how massive russia is, 
  cause youre a drama queen and the worst of the worst sent mujahadeen soldiers to fight for bosnia ( ie . 
  iran , morocco , libya etc ), 
  we back stabbed you ? 
  tell that to the u.s. vetoing anything regarding palestine, 
  so did greece, 
  that man is a pacifist and apologist . 
  did nothing good for serbia . 
  you forgot to add great athletes too tho, 
  whats a right figure, 
  thanks for calling us ethnic cleansers and war criminals, 
  ayyyy, 
  what does n't make sense to you ? 
  nah just the 49 % , i do n't really what the other 51 % does, 
  what are you 12 ? 
  i hang my head in shame, 
  genocide in srebreinca and not really anywhere else, 
  coalition forces in iraq ie . 
  mainly us and the uk because of muhh weapons of massss destructionzz, 
  biggest mistake was forcing bosnia to exist . 
  barely standing alone as it is, 
  whataboutism is the dumbest thing ive ever heard, 
  uhhhhhmm im not though, 
  no , would just make me laugh though, 
  thats not it at all . 
  its more like pol pot shaming charles taylor for his crimes in sierra leone . 
  its like who is pol pot to talk ? 
  well shit then in that case wwi and ii should really change our perception of you but it really hasnt, 
  it has a lot of relevance . 
  air out your own dirty laundry first , damn hypocrites .
