   jun 20th 2015 this article is from the future !, 
  how op howww ?? 
  so true, 
  haha, 
  im shocked at the silliness of the idea, 
  this is a dumb idea and a waste of money for hungary . 
  im not offended or anything like that but if the borders to serbia are closed then the migrants can just go around into hungary through bosnia-croatia or bulgaria-romania etc. 
  as a serbian i dont really care . 
  nothing will really change for us . 
  i was googling havos janos ffs, 
  raped men as in they got raped by other men ? 
  find a nice little greek island and live out my days with other little greeks, 
  might be, 
  but are there swastikas ? 
  oh wow that movie gomorra was real huh, 
  how ? 
  stay away from out women boy, 
  well maybe this will stop them from coming to serbia too ? 
  what ? 
  you diaspora are the worst i swear, 
  here comes butthurt croatian diaspora, 
  oh god please no , the us does not need a quasi-celebrity libertarian , entitled asshole . 
  almost as bad as jeb bush, 
  go draw a swastika adolf, 
  but butt buttt muhh trickleee downnn !!, 
   if it was n't for that dumb entity as an institution , your place of birth would be more than awesome . 
  you dont know much about bosnia do you ? 
  the republika srpska functions a lot better than the bih federation . 
  the federation of the croats and bosniaks has split governments and each government has their own canton . 
  theres something like 10 cantons with their own laws taxes and schools and no real central power is in sarajevo . 
  this makes for a really ineffective government in sarajevo and why people burnt down government buildings in 2014 in massive protests across the federation . 
  rs has its own 1 central govenrment , 1 education system and 1 code of taxes . 
  now why would the people of rs want to get involved in governing that mess ? 
  no but i 'm not gon na shit on my own place of birth covjece, 
  hey im from there , fuck you, 
  on to the semissss !!!!, 
  follow australia 's example and make it a policy not to allow refuge to these migrants . 
  make this policy widely known that eu states will not offer any help to these migrants and that there is nothing waiting for them here . 
  create an eu wide naval blockade of the eu . 
  might seem extreme but this is getting out of control . 
  well there is this one in france ... 
  hows it changing ? 
  its just an issue that has arisen . 
  good for italy, 
  well he asked if its a russian tradition, 
  well he asked if its a russian tradition, 
  people died for this !!!!, 
   sticker spitter ? 
  whaa ? 
  its italians soooo * provocacillini !, 
  holy fuck , schizophrenic right here, 
  reminds me when that croatian footballer gave the seig heil and was banned from the 2014 world cup, 
  oh we can control the serbian border trust me but as far as a naval blockade goes , well we dont have a coast anymore, 
  how bout europe puts on its boots , organizes a naval blockade of northern africa and deals with something for once . 
   and the biggest head ( something like president ) of the bosnia is austrian . 
  i cant even right now, 
  cute, 
  but tranion was best day of my life, 
  yes , but not from the bosnian muslims . 
  ive got bosnian muslim friends and theyre bro-tiered . 
  i think it comes from the south ie . 
  kosovo and albania, 
  where you see three ? 
  djukanovic is no tito , hes just a corrupt bastard, 
  this turned into a really nice conversation guys u/monsieursander . 
  its what the eu should be all about, 
  youre like that guy that writes all his comments in french hoping that french will become the language of the internet . 
  commendable but give it up lad , it just wont happen . 
  being closer to germany , austria just the west in general, 
  croatians are such dindunuffins, 
  what ? 
  lovely, 
  true yeah, 
  maybe but not in eastern european economies, 
  yeah well a lot of things are, 
  legal status of smacking your children ... lol, 
  usually when young people emigrate and get jobs in the west they send money back to support family back home or at least here thats what happens so its kind of a win-win, 
  true we 're twice the size of the netherlands yet not even half of their population, 
  but then who would police the world ? 
  went to the netherlands and everyone biked everywhere and all the cities were much more condensed . 
  i 'd like that to be the same here for people to be more active . 
  host it here !, 
  no corruption here, 
  really ? 
  thought mein kampf called slavs inferior race that needed to be exterminated for lebensraum, 
  topkek, 
  i ` ll never understand eastern european nazis . 
  its like having fascist jews . 
  so what ? 
  it still happened ? 
  i stopped doing it after i went to a slava and some sweaty older men were like `` heyyyy '' * kiss 3 times . 
  had fucking sweat all over my face , said no more to this shit . 
  kiss 3 times when you meet someone . 
  its a dying tradition though as 3 is so fucking excessive . 
  people like you should be banned from the internet man ... it was such a simple question, 
  lolzz, 
  didnt they save your ass in wwii ? 
  arctic is rightful ancient canadian clay silly dane, 
  serbia obviously, 
  i still dont understand why liverpool has such a massive fan base,
