  its too divided and unable to make tough decisions . 
  i always thought more was lost through indecision than through wrong decision . 
  needs more centralization but good luck on getting 27 member states to agree on that . 
  well it is a nice flag aesthetically, 
  everything past malta is just fucking abysmal, 
  the iron curtain countries are all now happy capitalists , if you wna see life under the iron curtain youre outta luck . 
  north korea is as authentic as youll get to it but you might not make it out ... becuase youll obviously love the socialist paradise so much, 
  who would have thought that dismanteling all existing government institutions as well as the economy through independance would lead to war and economic ruin ?!, 
  i do, 
  what ? 
  usually songs about goin to vegas and banging prostitutes are rap songs , not so jolly family oriented sounding, 
  i dnno bush has said some things, 
  omg, 
  did you even watch the video, 
  he shot at police then used his family as a human shield, 
  this migrant thing is getting out of hand, 
  not necessarily black but arab or african really . 
  asian its a different story , they out preform anyone . 
  so much prettier without their hijabs or niqbs , could almost pass for europeans !, 
  they surrounded his house and gave him two hours to come out and surrender, 
  wow, 
  wtf, 
  whys he so mad ? 
  hahaha, 
  not sure what the 2nd one was but shes cute af, 
  haha ouch, 
  what in the actual fuck !??!!, 
  this man needs to go, 
  hahaha wtf, 
  sounds like my mom trying to speak english, 
  ouch, 
  this . 
  never did, 
  yeah adem jashari was a real hero . 
  fucking coward hiding in his home with his family and kids while shooting at police . 
  the second largest number of roman emperors ( 17 ) were born on the territory of modern day serbia . 
  italy is obviously the first . 
  youre going places !, 
  yeah but instead you ethnically cleansed all the serbs, 
  the lady of reddit, 
  im in haste, 
  well i didnt vote for him, 
  well the old yugoslav republics declared independence from yugoslavia and i do think the croatians had every right to declare their independence from yugoslavia but this was without any consideration for the large serb minority there . 
  same as in bosnia the bosniaks wanted independence but what about the large serb minority that didnt ? 
  i think thats what caused the war . 
  so yeah those things did happen srebrenica , sarajevo all regrettable but where are the leaders of those events ? 
  thats right all in court facing war crimes charges handed over by the serbs . 
   move to foreign country wut ? 
   what serbs did during the '90s is far more outrageous than what isis has done so far . 
  lol cmon now, 
  how so ? 
   i bet you supported the iraq war and the bombings in syria . 
  i dnno i was like 14 when the iraq war happened didnt really understand it and syrias just a mess , not sure who to support there . 
  you know its a completely fucked up situation when basher is looking like the only decent choice to support . 
  lets see one is an extremist group attacking established security forces and structures of a country and establishing their own state wherever they go and the other is ... ? 
  like isis mourning its soldiers, 
  whats that got to do with anything ? 
  romanians are slavs , wut ? 
  seems like fundamental jews are no better than fundamental muslims, 
  haha, 
  to be fair there was a world war that helped the us get out of the great depression, 
  lol theres a pig, 
  invasion when ? 
  turks probably dont recognize this either . 
  we 're not americans , we dont lose our shit over a nipple, 
  what i have seen with most eastern europeans is that they work for minimum wage for whatever job in the west and this minimum wage in the west is much higher than anything they could earn in the east , most have families back in the east and they tend to send back that money to support family there . 
  what ends up happening is that the families in the east become wealthier and this helps eastern states and develop !, 
  win-win for all really . 
  what about the middle eastern or african family that has 5 children on average ? 
  appropriate name, 
  dont import africans and arabs theyre too culturally different . 
  import eastern europeans !, 
  theyre christian culturally , have already lived in a nation state , educated , eager to work hard and learn the language and assimilate into a culture and are basically right next door !, 
  plus they wont demand : * sharia law * fight for isis * wear niqabs , hijabs whatever else * shoot up newspaper publishers/jewish centers for drawing the prophet * build mega mosques * run over your soldiers ( lee rigby ), 
  i knew id seen this somewhere before, 
  yes its true . 
  we are all incredibly sexy , especially me, 
  and hilarious !, 
  literally dont care , qatar though i think is just retarded, 
  source has been provided m90, 
  how ? 
   `` albanian terrorists that killed macedonian police officers in kumanovo , buried with military honors '' are they not albanian ? 
  did they not kill police in macedonia ? 
  are they not being buried with military honors ?? 
   it was never accepted by serbia as a massacre done by serbian military thats because it wasnt , it was done by ratko mladic part of the bosnian serb army, 
  but they are albanian in every means of the word , just look at the flags, 
  are they kla though ? 
  kla was officially disbanded so to call them kla would be wrong, 
  i guess but again op stated `` albanian terrorists '' so that right there shows that it has nothing to do with albania or any state . 
  god i wish theyd knock it down or rebuild it , i mean what are we gon na do , cry over it for the next 40 years ? 
  that would be a dumb title `` albanian terrorists that killed macedonian police officers in kumanovo , buried with military honors but it had nothing to do with albania '' . 
  thats just asinine . 
   sees this as a good pr opportunity against albanian nationalism . 
  no a group of people attacking macedonian police forces , killing 7 , and then giving that same groups an honorary funeral is bad pr in itself . 
  he doesnt need to be a nationalist to show what is happening in the region . 
  what if he wasnt serbian would it be okay then ? 
   op is creating anti albanian propaganda directed at non balkans people . 
  i think youre being ridiculous, 
  dont be so pessimistic, 
  so them holding up albanian flags is unfair ?
