  op was honest in everything , read the title there is not one misleading fact in it . 
  sure albania is not to blame but most of the arms that the kla and these groups got are from albania from when the regime there collapsed and the cold war arms were sent around . 
  okay fine they didnt get buried with state military honors but they did get buried with military honors non the less . 
  nowhere in the title does it say they got buried with state military honors so thats not misleading . 
  and what were they ? 
  a separatist group designated terrorists just like the kla . 
  i doubt theyd fill up an entire gymnasium like these people and have kids dressed up in military attire holding their picture . 
  lol k kiddo, 
  serbia acknowledged that draza mihajlovic did not have a fair trail and was therefore not guilty , not a fucking hero . 
  thats cause they dont wan na piss off the americans or lose favor with them otherwise thaci and ceku would be there themselves . 
  oh we 're more than happy to oblige as long as nato stays out this time, 
  fanatics ... 
  enlighten me, 
  youd think so, 
  why take half of albania ? 
  does that matter ? 
  how is it misleading bullshit ? 
  look at the pictures , theyre being given full honors with or without state funeral rights, 
  hey no problem . 
  you make it out of kosovo and into hungary yet ? 
   libertine atheists . 
  tips le fedora, 
  no you just make ridiculously great porn, 
  well why not i mean kosovo 's been such a fantastic success so far !, 
  shutup , like you dont slav squat, 
  well i agree with this, 
  * veliki brat, 
  your english gave me cancer, 
   stage jerking contests in japan ? 
  shutup thats not a thing . 
  prove it ? 
  not really there was a massive divide in east and west before wwii in terms of wealth . 
  if anything the cold war helped close that gap, 
  cant ask yuropeans bout canada and communsim or something ? 
  / thread, 
  goddamn tax havens, 
  so lick my balls and suck on my dick !, 
  well youre not wrong, 
  good , it was like appointing herman goering as the german ambassador to israel, 
  is switzerland made out of gold ? 
  again the us has to come and save europe 's ass . 
  the country with minimal interest in soccer ... 
  putins party ? 
  putin runs as an independent, 
  a misguided idealist, 
  well milosevic was in kosovo but that was for different reasons, 
  cool, 
  no central body , autonomy everywhurrrrrr . 
  jk i dnno i think your relationship with god , if you believe in one , should be personal and not through some kind of established organization . 
  sir i may disagree with what you say but i will defend to the death your right to say it, 
  retaliatory invasion when ? 
  the history, 
  are you daft ? 
  tell that to germany, 
  he did try and invade britain but failed . 
  britain for a while was the last free european country in europe till russia joined the war . 
   and even if they all were it still does n't justify war crimes and other atrocities . 
  i dnno id want revenge, 
  im talkin bout dattttt 2nd front in france, 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  europe didnt and cant seem to do shit it was all the us and it did from croatia and kosovo, 
  new york times prestige is long gone imo . 
  its a shitty news source . 
  watch page turner on hbo , not a big fan of david carr really either ... 
  no america did when they joined the war in 1944, 
  dont want a 3 day rapefest ? 
  simple . 
  dont inavde all of fucking europe . 
  says the guy using the double standard, 
  awh those poor nazis that helped commit atrocities against the major majority populations ... 
  by that logic the whole cuban missile crisis could have been avoided had the us just stayed out of cuba !, 
  feel like this wholleeeeee thing coulda been avoided had nato just stayed clear of ukraine, 
  how bout we turn it back to a church , which is what it originally was ... 
  get off your high horse there bud, 
  no , i think it was to create a non-agression pact between the ussr and nazi germany because at that point the nazis had already taken sudentenland/czech republic , austria and re-armed the rhineland while the western powers did nothing to stop it . 
  stalin was nervous and decided to make his own peace with nazi germany . 
  it failed in the end though because fuck hitler . 
  why did treaty of versailles cause wwii ? 
  my prof said that 's a dumb oversimplification . 
  russia had it way worse and was much more embarrassed by the treaty imposed onto them by germany and they did n't invade all of europe . 
  he toured serbia ? 
  hitler , reapply to art school, 
  where australia used to be, 
  typical german lack of humor ... 
  ohh i see, 
  ahh thanks for that, 
   the children . 
  even the toddlers and babies were giving sieg heils enthousiastically really ? 
  sorry for kicking out the people who helped and welcomed the nazis that annexed first a 1/3 and then your entire country ? 
  is it not a wonderful system !, 
  yeah we 're all 12 years old in serbia, 
  hippie logic, 
  and how the hell are you going to sustain so many people ? 
  be realistic , better to help their countries develop and work towards peace then let in 3 million refugees into a continent already suffering from high unemployment . 
  p.s putting them all on welfare isnt a great option either . 
  nope , theyre bro tiered . 
  im more worried about isis and albanians in macedonia . 
  well out of 1 million refugees allowing in 30k doesnt do much either, 
  this is why we cant be friends, 
  no , naval blockade that shit and up international aid to help domestic industry develop or just the standard of life there,
