  unlike in 1915 or so with the armenians there are records and first hand accounts recorded . 
   not even a wiki article !!!!, 
  its mentioned in history books if you want a wiki article then write one . 
  because it was evil and regardless you still deny it . 
   all spanish and british empire 's atrocities are completely overlooked no theyre not . 
  in my history books as a kid i was even taught that the spanish gave the natives blankets with smallpox and kidnapped them . 
  and everyone knows about the conquistadors . 
  the spanish dont even deny it . 
  i nominate some croatian as the leader, 
  why ? 
  ohhhhhhhh okk that makes sense ya, 
  what nonsense , i am an ethnic man , whatever that means , and i can be quite racist at times i assure you, 
  well arent you just the nicest croat ive never met, 
  when the hell did that happen, 
  yah but the ottomans killed millions, 
  well yah that too, 
  childs play , the us once gave up $ 700 billion, 
  my parents didnt take anybodys jeeeeeeeb they were just willing to work hard for their things just like most other ee immigrants and asians i know, 
  lmao yahoo answers ? 
  bosnian education system here folks, 
  can we join now ? 
   serbia may have conveniently moved past it , the un war crimes court has n't . 
  sure about that ? 
  because there was a genocide in bosnia in the srebrenica area only and the un found that :  the court affirms that it has jurisdiction ; serbia has not committed genocide ; serbia has not conspired to commit genocide , nor incited the commission of genocide ; http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/index.php?p1=3&amp;p2=3&amp;case=91&amp;p3=4 get over it . 
  get off it, 
  yes what is it ? 
   for kosovo to join eu is , ironically , as an autonomous region of serbia :d yeahhh the system works !, 
  german expansionism and their blank check to ah , ah 's collapsing empire , britains worry regarding a rising germany and its dreadnoughts . 
  russia 's weak leadership and pan-slavism . 
  if you really think a guy shooting a royal that not a lot of people liked sent all of europe to war then you must be simple, 
  the french are so bro-tier, 
  you think thats bad look at what the azeri president tweeted , its 100 % real look at his twitter http://stream.aljazeera.com/story/201501140126-0024487, 
  wow downvoted to oblivion . 
  why ? 
  that would be a hell of a lot of elections that no one would vote in, 
  red alert 2 is better, 
  stop middle eastern immigrantion , there ive said it , prove me wrong, 
  ok but im just saying carpet bombing wasnt used in serbia but yah nato went ape shit there . 
  killing civilians and bombing the chinese embassy like wtf, 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/07/us-albania-kosovo-unification-iduskbn0my18l20150407 am i retarded ? 
  there is no such thing as carpet bombs i think you mean carpet bombing and i dont think they carpet bombed us . 
  there would be entire cities leveled if that was the case . 
  even if there was a referendum most people would vote no  kosovo just stop, 
  i ca n't see why someone would n't, 
  you 'd make a bad terrorist . 
  paranoia and possible hysteria could do damage in a massive city like london, 
  its a western backed source , everyone knows b92 just spouts out `` oh everything is fine in serbia '' bullshit, 
   massive gunfight with albanian seperatists in macedonia happens * theres nooooo greater albania plannn, 
  `` deny all the crimes '' - written by viktor orb\u00e1n  ftfy, 
  well duhhhh nobody said it was going to happen tomorrow, 
  its a choir you peasant, 
  weird, 
  its just serbs or albanians no one there calls themself a kosovar or kosovan, 
  seems to be the trend, 
  same thing we called them in the 90s, 
  im sure joe dioguardi will find someway to blame the macedonians and serbs for this, 
  worst : miss canada , best : miss spain, 
  anyone who doesnt call for shari and not have old ancient thoughts about women and gays makes a good immigrant . 
  am i asking for much ? 
  you mean athlete ? 
  no we can handle it , what scares me is fucking nato stopping us from handling it again . 
  good , ive got my aa loaded !, 
  nahh we 'll probably get bombed for this too, 
  whats goin on, 
  i feel horrible i really do, 
  face it ? 
  i 'll face facts that people from kosovo are leaving the `` country '' because its a failure . 
  7 years after independence everyone has woken up from the `` newborn '' hangover and realizing nothings changed . 
  i 'll face the facts that the state they all recognize is a failure and hasnt achieved anything . 
  unemployment at 50 % , a failing economy , a corrupt government with weekly protests . 
  so sure i 'll recognize it , that sad excuse for a country , why not ? 
   serbia 's illegal claims over kosovo valid my ass, 
  chu talkin bout ? 
  who won the last grand slam ? 
  protip : wasnt federer . 
  here come the `` muhh genocide '', 
  kill yourself . 
  lol yah right, 
  just cause youve got eu flair doesnt make you an eu spokesman bud, 
  says the guy from the country that had the largest imperial empire ever ... 
  seems like everyone in europe 's a back stabbing cunt, 
  but before that the allies gave up half of europe to hitler, 
  murica ' entered the war in 1944 and a year later it was over !, 
  [ almost as intimidating as your war songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvklbx4f4z0 ), 
  yeah thats a good attitude i guess, 
  money for religious muslim infrastructure projects from any middle eastern petro state never has positive effects, 
  now now lets not forget the allies in munich, 
  i dont know , i wouldnt like a massive 22.4 million euro mosque to be built in belgrade , no one would . 
   22.3 million holy fuck , thats not a msoque thats a fucking military base haha, 
  agreed . 
  ive never understood that mentality . 
  eastern europeans are already christianized but secular and have already lived in the nation state establishment . 
  eastern euros are glad to vote , much more likely to integrate and learn the language , wo n't call for sharia law , obey british law which cant be much different from any eastern european countrys laws , wont wear headscarves niqabs hijabs or build mega mosques . 
  will gladly work for minimum wage because it is almost 10x higher than what the average wage is in eastern european states but yet somehow these radical muslims are much less of a bother ... 
  agreed , hitler threw some 250 divisons into russia, 
  would you say that there is enough to fill a 2.4 million euro mega mosque ? 
  yeah true, 
  stalingrad was a completely different phase of the war, 
  yeah but they recaptured it sooo, 
  they came 20km to moscow , no fucking shit,
