  it 's a joke sir buzz killington, 
  everyones pays based on what they have , those who have more pay more . 
  trickle down reaganomics and thatcherism has n't worked too well over . 
  a flat tax just pisses the masses off too . 
  if i pay my taxes then i am entitled to healthcare and education . 
  i do n't pay my taxes to line an officials wallet with bills . 
  probably not no.m that 's just a pro-russian party by vojislav seselj , he 's just s small but vocal minority . 
  it 's not like half the city comes out to these . 
  in a city of 1.3 million or so 5000 protesters is n't much . 
  we ... we 're not catholic and there are croats in bosnia too, 
  we all pay taxes . 
  we want our taxes to work for us , not bail out successful entrepreneurs when their firms need it . 
  they should pay their share too . 
  yeah well you have n't lived next to albanians or muslims in general , let 's see them take a 1/3 of your territory then let 's see how you feel about them . 
  history has taught us to not like them same reason that you do n't like russia . 
  oh gee let 's see russia has n't recognized kosovo , sent in their own troops in kosovo and bosnia when we were being bombed , has a history of helping us ie . 
  ww1 etc. 
  has n't ever done anything to harm us or anything bad really . 
  we 're not ready to join the eu cause we do n't hate russia ? 
  ok . shit happening in kosovo is very comparable . 
  crimea has a huge russian military base oh well kosovo has a huge us military base . 
  independence for `` oppressed large minority '' on both ends . 
  only difference is crimea had a vote and kosovo just declared it unilaterally . 
  i guess only western backed separatist groups are legitimate to you . 
  blatant racism is everywhere in europe . 
  you must feel so progressive with your non-white friends . 
  croatia just stole the dutch flag and put a pineapple in the middle, 
  provide reasons, 
  oh i dont care about albania claim all you want that its illyrian im talkin bout kosovo . 
  slavic invasions ? 
  i think theyre slavic migrations . 
  claiming kosovo belongs to albanians cause of muhh dardarians its pure nonsense . 
  thats what im debating . 
  in regards to albania itself dnno dont care . 
  quit yer bitchin, 
  like what customs are the same as yours as were ancient illyrians ? 
  architecture ??? 
  the oldest churches and monastaries in kosovo are serbian bud . 
  ive read that not a single verifiable inscription has survived written in the illyrian language so how could you possibly have the same ancient language ? 
  how bout an eu wide naval blockade ? 
  just name some proof, 
  says the guy taking history lessons from wikipedia, 
  gim me proof that youre illyrians or dardarians or thraco-illyrians, 
  over fairy tales ? 
  right now you have an eu member that owes billions of euros , kicking them out would just make then an ex-eu member owing germany billions of euros, 
  he 's making fun of op genius, 
  serbia knows them feels , serbia gets you, 
  ye makes sense, 
  by raping murdering and pillaging the serbian countryside ? 
  i think ist a joke, 
  you get a hard on by hating serbs or something ? 
  u just took what i said and changed it to serbian , gr8 m80, 
  not really no , what is annoying is the constant bitching and moaning about the eu coming from that island . 
  theres more to it than just making stalin look bad read the entire article , cmon now, 
  britain , actually theyre the centre of the fucking universe, 
  we put a password on our wifi tho, 
  without djukanovic sure ye, 
  proud of ? 
  athletes : djokovic , divac , spanovic , seles , higl , vidic stojakovic etc. . . 
  ashamed of ? 
  probably the way the war was conducted . 
  surprised the albanians did n't claim it as their ancestral homeland in which they 've lived in since 10,000 bc, 
  ahh i see, 
  thats a patriotic costume in russia ? 
  been there done that , no thanks . 
  well there was no `` family '' before yeltsin, 
  russians today have a higher standard of living than anytime in history which isnt much by western standards but its still higher than theyve ever had it . 
  sure its done badly but from 1998-2008 the russian economy averaged 7 % growth a year . 
  cant deny those stats in regards to growth can ya . 
  well these oligarchs came about during yeltsins `` democratic '' rule . 
  [ prosperity ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/04/gdp_of_russia_since_1989.svg/700px-gdp_of_russia_since_1989.svg.png ), 
  whats the alternative for the russian people ? 
  putin looks like great compared to the fuckup yeltsin was . 
  can confirm , would happen, 
  would it ever !, 
  yeah lets hurt the russian people , cause they havnt been through enough shit this past century ... 
  k relax, 
  lmao, 
  oh well how convenient that his opinions changed in 1943 when the tide of the war turned on nazi germany ... 
  whys it controversial ? 
  better than another 12 year war, 
  that would have been a mess to govern, 
  not too good , seen as a traitor . 
  i think he was just trying to do what he thought was right but it didnt really work out too well for russia and the ussr . 
  we really have no reason to join nato ? 
  and so what , if about a 1/3 of bosnia 's citizens do not want to join nato you cant just brush that off or do or does it not matter cause theyre serb ? 
   we do n't have many immigrants from the middle east wut ? 
  ca n't wait to see what happens with it, 
  kind of a biased article tbh, 
  cause no one cares when the imperial overlords who ruled over you for 500 + ` years are kicked out . 
  you think the algerians missed the french , colonists the british , or the congolese the belgians ? 
  no gtfo and stay out . 
  no more baklava for the vatican, 
  cause we 're fucking awesome , thats why, 
  4 in 10 british muslims are retarded, 
  he has risennnnnnnnnnnnn , happy easter, 
   doing nth but being a puppet of russia . 
  thats cause youve closed your borders to them and refuse to even open them only serving azerbaijans interests . 
  on top of that refusing to recognize the millions of armenians killed by ottoman hands . 
  since djokovic ?
