  like theres something wrong with that ? 
  i dobut anyone lives that far north, 
   european extremely large telescope what a shit name , coulda named it after someone or something, 
  its funny cuase there was that one feminist chick who claimed she got the same ptsd , same type as a soldier , from twitter comments , worst part t ` was that she was dead serious, 
  meeeeeee !, 
  wouldnt that be swell, 
  paradise ? 
   taking out the butthurt on civilian muslims with genocide . 
  thats not very nice, 
   got royally fucked in versailles and it was a mistake to punish them that hard that old excuse , russians got fucked harder than any country at the end of wwi and they didnt kill 6 million jews . 
  face it , the people saw everything that was being done and jeered hitler and his nazis on as long as he got results . 
  as as the tide of war turned on them `` oh well we didnt know he was invading half of europe and killing its jewry '' . 
  i dont buy that narrative for a second . 
  nahhh no bad blood , we dont kill american soldiers , never have, 
  oh no look out russia, 
  just got ta hop over that little pond there, 
   does anyone blame regular civilian germans for the nazis ? 
  if the answer is yes , then okay , you 're delusional and we 're done . 
  yes they should . 
  lol what do you think german citizens turned a blind eye to their atrocities ? 
  did the german people not know hitler was invading all of europe ? 
  they were the backbone of the nazi war machine lol its logic ya dumb fuck, 
  youre right poor little imperialists dindunuffin, 
  stop defending imperialism ya fuck, 
  in the balkans case it does not excuse them to stay . 
  after conquering the region they imposed a traditional islamic rule , imposed a blood tax , forced conversions , suppressed christianity , kidnappings occurred etc for around 400 years . 
  after 400 years those powers were weakened and the balkan states united to throw them out and gained their independence . 
  all the vestiges of that old ottoman rule were thrown out for good reason , in case of possibility of them returning , and now these same powers are crying genocide ? 
  well so much for national pride . 
  guess you would have been ok with remaining a british colony, 
  what were the colonists reasons for declaring independence and rebelling against the crown ? 
  are you american ? 
  you should really apologize to the brits for kicking them out yano, 
  still ignoring other facts ... 
  lol bet you went out of your way to find that http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4072949.stm still ignoring the other facts, 
  nikolic is a nationalist , previous pms recognized it  serbia arrested and handed over milosevic , mladic and all the generals and paramilitary leaders wanted by the hague . 
  no , some 7,000 bosnians are claimed to have been killed in srebrenica and that constituted a genocide and turkey recognized it . 
  some 1.5 million armenians were killed and you refuse to call it a genocide . 
  dont ignore those facts, 
  yes we recognized it , serbian pm apologized to the bosnian govt a few years ago . 
  serbia arrested and handed over milosevic , mladic and all the generals and paramilitary leaders wanted by the hague . 
  no , some 7,000 bosnians are claimed to have been killed in srebrenica and that constituted a genocide and turkey recognized it . 
  some 1.5 million armenians were killed and you refuse to call it a genocide . 
  no , i praise your 500 years of islamic rule . 
  lol delusional turks, 
  yeah and you recognized that , kind of a double standard no ? 
   turks are getting targeted on various issues what issues ? 
  accepting the armenian genocide ? 
  thats not a bias thats just you not accepting facts . 
  no it becomes an issue because turks then defend their actions during the ottoman empire , the same sentence i always hear is `` oh but you could do whatever you wanted during the empire all you had to do was pay a tax '' there was more to it than that , taxation without representation is not fair especially when its a blood tax . 
  there were also forced conversions and genocides , ie armenian , which you all refuse to accept . 
  also you all think the balkans owes you an apology for kicking you all out ... 
  it just pisses everyone off, 
  yes we do n't like turks because you were our imperial overlords . 
  why is this so hard to understand ?? 
  yeah asylum requests , they request asylum not charge by the tens of thousands at the eus borders like your african boat cousins berisha, 
  thaci and the kosovo govt can barely manage their own affairs and now they want to unite with albania ? 
  its just a diversionary tactic to distract the +50,000 albos leaving the country monthly cause of the shitty economic situation theyve created ... 
  how ? 
  all imperial empires are dicks and all eventually fall , the only difference here is that the turks want an apology from their former imperial subjects for kicking them out . 
  your country and the us was built in imperialist british influence , who would want to govern this mess that you propose ? 
  lol delusional turks, 
  so where are their empires now ? 
  yeah taxation without representation sure is swell especially when it 's a blood tax, 
  so you rule an area through brutal oppression for 500 years like any other imperial power and then you want an apology when you 're kicked out ? 
  use australian example , make it a point not to accept and resettle boat migrants to kill incentive to try . 
  create an eu/african naval patrol . 
  do n't just let italy deal with the brunt of it . 
  eu has got to take a stand on something , with greece ukraine and africa europe is being tested on all sides and it needs to take a course and stand by it or this pussy little union of scared states is going to fail . 
  lol , idealistic nonsense, 
  oh it 's a joke, 
  w. . . what ? 
  can anyone explain what is going on here ? 
  some fucking context would be nice, 
  i dont get it, 
  yes , thats how deportation works . 
  everyone gets deported, 
   there is just no way to justify it oh gee how bout the fact that they all cheered and paraded as hitler drove through the conquered territories . 
  they were the minority and at most times applauded and even collaborated with the aggressor nazis . 
  no way to justify it yeah right ... 
  your ethiopian flag always throws me off, 
  go ` way africa, 
  are you really worried about the royals ? 
  ever watch children of men ? 
  well who was better saddam or isis . 
  sure saddam was terrible but these guys are worse and he kept a lid on the crazies . 
  good god man , look up kristina kircher and then tell me who you support . 
  the woman treats argentina like her own personal bank account . 
  yes forced vacations to siberia for all !, 
  gib pls, 
  put your money where your mouth is soros, 
  wait we had liberty ? 
  can we into eu now ? 
  when has it always ? 
  we 'll get it back , we always do, 
  arent you worried about the islamicization of kosovo ? 
  especially since kosovo albanians have killed and have tried to kill us troops ? 
  fine then we get the serbian half of bosnia, 
  the eff did i just read, 
  yah spain is bro tiered,
