  they have enough people, 
  what is byrek ? 
  you are fucking high, 
  ja bi da mi to koljemo kume, 
  what bout qatar, 
  because no country has changed so much over the last century than russia . 
  its crazy interesting . 
  basically yah, 
  english version ? 
  lol, 
  fucking fascists, 
  cause then theyd be out billions, 
  do n't be rude, 
  not for us . 
  opposite in fact, 
  you mean a coalition where the us accounts for 70 % of the worlds military expenditure aha, 
  tempting ... 
  i dont think they care, 
  i dont think so but we 'll see, 
  and why would they attack serbia ? 
  its a joke, 
  oh those are foreign fighters , its free game . 
  i thought you meant like us soldiers or americans . 
  chu talkin bout ? 
  source ?? 
  why even join nato ? 
  i dont see the benefits tbh ... 
  yes , russia . 
  milosevic killed americans ? 
  th ... thanks, 
  ruska salata translates to russian salad . 
  basically just a salad in mayo, 
  kolinda will iron their uniforms, 
  if 1.5 million dead armenians is not a genocide then 7,000 dead bosniaks sure as hell is not a genocide . 
  serbia has never tried to justify the genocide in srebrenica , its apologized and handed over mladic , karadzic and everyone responsible to the icty . 
  omg you didnt just write that , buddy youre turkish . 
  take a look at the millions of skelatons your country has in its closet but still doesnt want to admit happened . 
  omg croatians admitting we have the same language, 
  thats not what anybody is saying . 
  he was charged by the communist authorities found guilty and shot 2 days later . 
  there are those that think that he did not get a fair trail and that the charges against him were inflated just to get rid of him . 
  this happened a lot across eastern europe when the communists took over . 
  murdering political and potentially political enemies . 
  read the news buddy , it wasnt re written just said that he did not get a fair trail and thus not guilty, 
  love it, 
  holy fuck are corporations the most evil thing ever of what ? 
  if germoney gibs monies, 
  seperatism is all but dead in quebec , look at the most recent federal and general elections . 
  the seperatist movenment in quebec is all but dead !, 
  in the last federal election the bloc quebecois only won 4 seats in the hoc !, 
  also in their general election the libs won a majority . 
  imo no one in quebec wants a state anymore and the movement is barely alive, 
  no but theyre not a signatory to the canadian constitution and bringing any change to the canadian governemnt like senate reform , which canada very badly needs at the moment , makes it impossible without opening certain clauses of the constitution to which quebec doesnt agree with . 
  youd be surprised, 
  would canada be stronger if quebec left ? 
  something to be proud of hungary, 
  [ 1:10:37 ] ( https://youtu.be/drxwdrv94-s?t=1h10m37s ) so much butthurtedness , feels so good, 
  that looked so fun, 
  reapply to art school ? 
  unbelievable amounts of swagggg, 
  hurr durr my butthurt is so bad i cant take a joke, 
  i 'm kiddin laaaa, 
  when the colonists rebelled and created america , probably your most important event . 
  when djokovic took wimbledon in 2011, 
  canadian beer is some great stuff . 
  germoney pls, 
  we should give him a penthouse on madison ave. to show what a gentle and understanding society we are, 
  i think he completely deserved it and his jihadi manifesto that he wrote on the boat where he was captured as well as videos from his jail cell show that he himself doesnt feel all that guilty . 
  he killed an 8 year old and maimed that 8 year olds younger sister . 
  she now has 1 leg to walk on a and a dead brother . 
  seriously kill him cause fuck people like these . 
  okay !, 
  this is such a dumb question , i dont even know where to start ... 
  arkan and all the mafias from the 90 's are in jail or dead nowadays, 
  virgins , virgins everywhere ... 
  i wouldnt have, 
  read about martin william richard , the 8 year old that was killed in the bombings . 
  read about how devastated his family is and how his younger sister jane now only has 1 leg also due to the bombing . 
  i think he deserves death for this . 
  read in the news about the 8 year old victim martin william richard and then read that his young sister only has 1 leg due to the bombing . 
  i think this is completely justified . 
  after reading about martin william richard and how he was only 8 years old when he was killed by this bomb and how his sister now only has 1 leg , i completely think he deserves death . 
  he 's not wrong , hes just an asshole, 
  tough neighborhood we live in , one neighbors a wahabii and the other a nazi, 
  hookers and alcohol, 
  just google it, 
  lol a croat accusing draza of fascism, 
  uhhh he got the legion of merit from harry s. truman , i dont think they hand those over to collaborationist fighters . 
  well there are croats who are fighting on the other side so by the rules of the balkans we have to fight them no matter where . 
  i think theyre all idiots though its like they hadnt got their fill for war in the 90s . 
  ukraine didnt recognize kosovo so why are serbs fighting to rip it apart i have no idea ... 
  this is just rude , you ukrainians are bro-tier . 
  prolly just sports hooligans, 
  wrd, 
  this will no doubt go great, 
  awhhh fuck i wish we serbs would stay out of this ukraine-russia mess . 
  its not like we have any reason to hate ukrainians or to see harm come to them . 
  serbia, 
  what ? 
   while that was many times worser than armenian `` genocide '' thats a bold claim , you cant know what happened back in 1400 's , nobody knows ow many were killed off theres just no way to know .
