  i love how the uk passed this motion while conveniently forgetting that it helped occupy iraq for 10 years and killed some hundred thousand iraqi muslims . 
  says the united kingdom which occupied and killed hundred thousand iraqi muslims for 10 years . 
  give me a fuckin break, 
  people are upset over a war in 1885 for fucks sake ?!?? 
  yah but we dont have this typa cringe-worthy crap, 
  azis , bulgarias number 1 star broooo, 
  i cant believe they hate us , i mean even after watching this shit i still didnt blame them . 
  *** how is it not ? 
  hows it not ? 
  only srebrenica was ruled a genocide, 
  great britain is leading the way ? 
  the country that occupied and killed hundreds of thousands of iraqi muslims is leading the way ? 
  7,000 vs. 6 million doesnt weigh up . 
  bosnia doesnt even recognize the armenian genocide which killed 1.5 million armenians yet theyre so quick to recognize 7000 dead as a genocide . 
  cause millions were murdered in fucking factories across europe . 
  literal factories were designed to exterminate a people . 
  lol you do know croats waged a war on bosniaks and blew up mostars famous bridge right ? 
  yeah they just killed civilians but dindunuffin cuz dey is srbz . 
  i want muh war repurationzzzz, 
  that would be the ideal stance . 
  its allllllll political, 
  really . 
  why ? 
  serbia handed everyone over to the hague , apologized to bosnia and croatia and was found not responsible by the icty for bosnia and croatia . 
  stop beating a dead horse 20 years on . 
  rightttttttttt by the same court that found oric , thaci and rugova innocent while keeping seselj on the stand for 12 years . 
  courts a joke bud . 
  i do n't deny the killings did n't happen but mladic , karadzic and everyone wanted by the icty was delivered by serbia and serbia was found not guilty . 
  why keep beating this dead horse 20 years on ? 
  gb is leading the way ? 
  the country that occupied and killed hundreds of thousands of iraqi muslims is leading the way ? 
  yeah well i could buy gotovina shirts in zagreb, 
  really ? 
  that story ended well, 
  ahh fuck nothing good ever comes out of ksa, 
  my dad did that once till we told him it was socially unacceptable, 
  i did and wellllllllllll i cant really blame germany tbh, 
  slavs eat everything with bread and like it fresh . 
  so bread is for the small slaughterhouse probably at home and the beer is cause beer is good . 
  when billions are repaid !, 
  a fiscal union . 
  and ^ let ^ serbia ^ in, 
  yeah except greece did n't just come out of a major war, 
  lol destroy the internet haha, 
  i dont blame the eu , nyc imf or anyone . 
  i blame incompetence on the greek side . 
  before greece was part of the eu it could only get high interest loans because of its shitty credit rating but once it joined the eu it went on a spending spree because its credit rating was tied to the eu ( germany ) which had a golden credit rating . 
  greek governments for a long time were getting these low interest loans without considering the consequences . 
  they would hand out early pensions , not collect taxes just really irresponsible shit until the 2008 collapse when all interest rates skyrocketed . 
  the greek govenrment came crashing down when it was revealed that they had been falsifying their books and had accumulated some 150 % of gdp to debt ratio . 
  and gdp is calculated through tax collection and greece hadnt collected any taxes at all this just made the problem even worse . 
  so the ecb , imf and whoever else all told greece they would give them the cash to stay afloat but that they would have to cut all these generous pensions , cut spending everywhere or else face collapse which would also hurt the eu 's credit rating . 
  now how is this the imf , nyc , eu 's fault ? 
  so after 5 years of harsh austerity its a shit situation in greece but now with them not wanting austerity , germany and the trokia will not put any more money into greece to keep it afloat and look at what has happened . 
  a run on the banks and therefore banks are closing , they dont have the cash to stay open becasue the greek government doesnt want anymore austerity . 
  well now the trokia is not going to keep greece afloat through the loans and greece will now run out of money to even function . 
  how is this the trokias fault ? 
  well had the voted yes then the ecb would have put money into greek banks to keep them afloat while paying back their debts . 
  yes deep austerity and cuts would have been necessary . 
  but with a no the ecb is not putting money into greek banks , banks are fast running out of money and have a limit for withdrawals as well as closed on most days . 
  yeah cede skcereingty when your debt is something like 150 % of your gdp . 
  when you borrow money from a bank and ca n't pay it back the bank will take your collateral and get its money back , same with greece . 
  haha nice, 
  so now that greeks have voted themselves into default , now what ? 
  fineeee gb with australia , your colonies are sooooo much funner than you, 
  turkey with australia, 
  deflated ball, 
  yeah vote no and really fuck yourselves, 
  yeah but caucescu, 
  well i agree europe should hanbdle it together but italy and hungary are the only ones that seem to be takign steps towards stopping migrants . 
  so much for the union ... 
  well they arrive by boat so turning them back means letting them drown by the hundreds and washing up on italian beaches, 
  whats your argument here ? 
  well id tell them i contribute based on how much i make . 
  maybe i should pull a greece and falsifiy the books ? 
  wow albania is actually really pretty, 
  italy does the best it can under such conditions . 
  it spends millions a day on patrolling its coast for migrants and the eu does not help in any way . 
  why doesnt norway lend a hand and not jsut put all the blame on italy . 
  actually slovakia contributes 2.6 % of its gdp to the eu budget whereas germany contributes .43 % so it gains more . 
  seems fair to me ? 
  lol, 
  oufff , right in the feels, 
  eu yes , nato can fuck off, 
  wish i could vote to repay my debts, 
  nope , still a large amount for a country like serbia, 
   serbia is n't some power mad nationalistic country . 
  i dnno you ever hear clinton talk ? 
  yah well the un told the usa that it had no legal right to invade iraq yet here we are, 
   a meatless bone like those 1,5 billion wo n't change much . 
  what are you , fucking john d. rockefeller or something ? 
  sure it will, 
  nato yah deff , eu youd be surprised, 
  says the finn, 
  theres rules to being in the eu, 
  greek government after government kept falsifying the books and living beyond their means with no government actually addressing the issue of borrowing beyond their limit until now . 
  when theyre forced to . 
  promaja , as we call it in serbia is the number 2 killer of all serbs, 
  thats greece 's fault , not the eus, 
  cause our debt isnt 500 %,
