  are there lots of muslims in slovenia ? 
  they werent forced to leave they were just given bosnian muslim names , this does a good job of explaining it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djrnezgnj7y, 
  got ta stay `` neutral '' by playing all sides, 
  quiet down you dutch pineapple, 
  also they built massive fucking mosques from dat saudi skrilla, 
  whaow well yeah, 
  lol this article is nonsense, 
  cuttin it close tho, 
  well queen elizabeth and her husband are cousins sooooooo theres a whole new layer of falsehood and fucked up, 
  `` hey terrorism can be funny , r. . . right guys '', 
  so youre saying id rather blow my fucking head off then live there ? 
  str8 up fucked that movie is, 
  god i hate this fucking movie, 
  ill never understand how there are neo-nazi groups in russia, 
  not us cause god is a serb https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac, 
  ppl are still talking about this ? 
  franz ferdinand had it coming, 
  treaty of tranion best day of my life, 
  soviet was best thing that happened to baltics, 
  germoney gib greece wwii war reparations !, 
  alexander is of slav, 
  russia saved you all from hitlers boot, 
  well done, 
  the largest investment in kosovo to date !, 
  wow what did that guy with a single ak hope to achieve ? 
  thats not very funny . 
  i know some people in bosnia with holes in their homes from the last war , you shouldnt laugh at this . 
  why was communism so horrible in the balkans but not in yugoslavia , what went so right ? 
  and ^ then ^ so ^ wrongggg, 
  there was no genocide in kosovo only in srebrenica, 
  as soon as armenians get statues to honor the genocide victims of the turks . 
  how long you gon na keep milking this ? 
  but they want the west to pay for them , just like everything else, 
  thaci should n't hold his breath or maybe he should actually, 
  fuck yeah america does n't put up with this shit . 
  take note europe this is how you stop the terrorists . 
  create an event that will knowingly piss em off then bam !, 
  then why do you guys keep voting them in if the hdz are so awful ? 
  and why does the croatian far right make themselves the victim of tito ? 
  titos pretty well liked here . 
  oh that makes sense then yah it does sound like hdz nonsense . 
  why whats wrong with her ? 
  i havnt really read anything on her, 
  do you want an extra +77 million muslims ? 
  sure why not , most of israels jewry is of european descent anyway, 
  what ? 
  is that what nigel farage has been telling you ? 
  i wanted to emphasize the `` we dont care '', 
  oh so its okay when they do such a thing but when we do it its not ? 
  double standards huh, 
  right tell that to the albanians then . 
   coming into other peoples countries and declaring republics buddy serbs didnt come into anything , they had already lived in croatia and bosnia for centuries . 
   get genocided by my supposed `` brothers '' in my own country . 
  get off it, 
  just cause they support putin doesnt mean they hate europeans , no ? 
  yeah well goli otok got results . 
  he shut up nationalist voices and it kept the country together for some 40 years . 
  kept ethnic tensions down , had he not done that imo the yugoslav wars of the 90s would have happened much sooner . 
  its hard to make a decision that does not have an adverse effect on everyone . 
  it is hard to organize and rebuild a country especially when youve got 6 different republics and 10 different nationalities with no clear majority . 
  im sure now the marshall plan looks good 60 years later but at the moment you can not say you would have chosen marshall aid . 
  yeah raised our int ' standing . 
  i met the indian ambassador to canada and he asked me if i was serbian and told me his first and favorite posting was in yugoslavia . 
  he spoke the language fluently and and told me how much he loved being there during the 60 's and 70 's . 
  told how much prestige yugoslavia had on the world stage by being an open communist state compared to the rest and how great it was to live there . 
  also yugosalvai was respected for not invading hungary in the 50 's and granting their elite asylum and staying out of the invasion of czechoslovakia . 
   royalty wut lol ? 
  really haha ?? 
  u actually believe that ???? 
   right . 
  he was just a degenerate that preached socialist values while fucking american actresses . 
  building a cult of personality around him and all the fucking peasants believed him . 
  man knew how to party , kennedy did the same things and almost broguht nuclear war but today he is an american saint haha . 
  tito just tried to unite us through the brotherhood and unity idea and create a yugoslav people instead of serbs , croats , slovenes etc just like the prussians , bavarians , saxons united to create germans he figured why couldnt we ? 
  he had the right idea we 're all just too stubborn to go with it . 
  yeah it was maybe propaganda but it was better to be one strong state than 6 ( or 7 ) small irrelevant states . 
  yeah well bush had a 90 % approval rate in 2001 and 2004 . 
  start a war and theyll jsut love you . 
   russians are willing to be european and cooperate with all of us as equals . 
  i think mos russians already do but their leaders dont, 
  oh no boobs !, 
  did a black man get shot there too ? 
  whyd you split in the first place then, 
  how ? 
  he kept nationalism and nationalist voices down , rebuilt and organized yugoslavia , created an actual economy with industry , raised yugosalvias international standing , created a pretty good military . 
  he wasnt a crazy commie dictator like caucescu , hoxha , honecker etc. 
  yugoslavs were allowed to travel anywhere and watch or listen to anything . 
  he really was not anything like stalin bruh . 
  more like complaints department, 
  i dont think tito was their puppet , he kept us clear of the ussr, 
  war department, 
  isnt it bad to build over archeological sites ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  well theyre both equally shitty people then, 
   the atmosphere in serbia is not really pro-eu in the population wut ? 
  we dont even have any anti-eu eurosceptic parties . 
  not joining in on russian sanctions does not make us love russia . 
  germans raped their way through europe too ... 
  lies, 
  millwall fc chant `` no one likes us , no one likes us , no one likes us , we dont care , we dont care '',
