  no he was greek nicola teslanis, 
  drugs en drinks , no idea what theyre saying but good to party to  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_swivbesd50, 
  i dont know , why is eastern europe looked down upon by western eurabia ? 
  no he was serbian by those, 
  omg this . 
  people like you are the reason stuff like the rotherham sex scandal occurred . 
  too afraid to call people out on their actions in fears of being called a racist . 
  a elderly couple gets brutally killed and you 're upset over racism ? 
  i thought france lost `` new france '' to the british ? 
  kind of a dick move tbh, 
  fun fact !, 
  : during wwii canada supported and supplied charles de gaulle and his forces in france during nazi occupation but then in the 1960 's gaulle came to canada and proclaimed `` long live free quebec '' at a time when quebec separatism was rising . 
  he was never invited back again . 
  what ? 
  beat me to it by 26 mins, 
  lol, 
  why dont we all just convert to islam , may as well if we let this happen, 
  dont dead open inside ? 
  europe is full and muslim migrants would not fit into european society but then i see the mans face who is trying to sell pens and i dont see islam i just see a human trying to survive and it makes me feel and just see a human being and make me feel sorry for all of us . 
  christ ... i was anti migration till i saw this and the picture of the father holding his daughter trying to sell pens in beirut . 
  now i dont know what to think anymore tbh . 
  well what about tomorrow ? 
  its our rick rolled, 
  yeah !, 
  multiple region european masterrace here, 
  or just stop letting muslims immigrate ... it 's really as simple as that i promise you it is !, 
  somehow this rapper is more of a threat than anjem choudary, 
  seems like an appropriate response, 
  shes got an amazing pair tho, 
  omg shes hot but at the same time ive never wanted to slap someone harder in my life, 
  we 're not americans , we dont lose our shit over a nipple, 
  id rather be shot than move to bulgaria, 
  kurds arent terrorists, 
  yeah but serbs applied to go to other places like me . 
  we did n't rush the borders . 
  those things would cost money , something serbia is in short supply of these days . 
  visit ? 
  wtf happened merkel ? 
  okayyyyy crazy person, 
  whats your argument here ? 
  mehmet my son , theyre called records, 
  what ? 
  even when the rush the border thousands at a time and enter the country demanding papers to stay ? 
  and that has anything do do with anything ... how ? 
  yah u dindunuffin , we all loved living under turk occupation and paying a blodd tax which included kidnap and rape, 
  haha dnno never been to cyprus, 
  lol yeah by bombing albanian and serbian lorries full of civilians, 
  oh really ? 
  thats odd because all the serbs in croatia and kosovo were ethnically cleansed from their homes and are refugees in serbia now . 
  funny how that works huh ? 
  p.s there was only a very regrettable and shameful genocide committed in srebrenica, 
  hopefully if it exists in 5-10 years, 
  oh yeah what country are you from ?? 
  uhhhh ? 
  is true yeah, 
  yeah but that was legally , we all applied for asylum . 
  its not like thousands rushed the austrian border, 
  yes but legally , they didnt rush at the border by the masses, 
  oh god make it stop !!, 
  maybe but maybe not, 
  not cool america ... 
  i know you do mehmet i know you do, 
  or in our case nato 'd / bombed, 
  hate us cause you anus, 
  true, 
  i want em out, 
  really ? 
  what ? 
  pleaseeee milo would sell his allegiance to the highest bidder, 
  where 's the empire now ?? 
  progressive my ass . 
  like that asshole that almost shot up a parisian train ? 
  he was 26, 
  well whys that the wests issue ? 
  fine , europe can take the christians, 
   there simply are n't any wealthy muslim countries they can go to . 
  qatar , uae , kuwait , saudi arabia , iran and oman is relatively safe ? 
  yeah well theyd be more at home , culturally, 
  why not start a otpor type of organization op ? 
  no one is going to overthrow him for you , we overthrew milosevic !, 
  if you start an organization and manage to gain enough support you can overthrow that corrupt cunt . 
  then serbia and montenegro 2.0 when ? 
  yeah let 's blame the serbs, 
  why do n't they ever migrate to wealthy muslim countries ? 
  why does europe keep having to take them ffs, 
  no , just russians are buying vacation real estate there, 
  have you been to montenegro ? 
  it 's basically little russia, 
   august 23 , 2015 the day a czech went full retard on r/europe, 
  sounded like you were talking about the austrian, 
  he kept her locked away for 24 years . 
  oh he did something, 
  yeah i 'm sooooo edgy, 
  murica ' ... saving france since 17 ', 
  nobody wants them here fuck . 
  get them the fuck out of here !, 
  news sources, 
  yeah but millions of romanians left romania through legal means . 
  they applied to leave when they were n't part of the eu and can now leave legally if they want . 
  unlike in kosovo where 200k + are just rushing the border to hungary hoping to reach the eu .
