  i do n't think you 're a nationalist i think you 're an idiot . 
  youre outta your fucking element here, 
  he is a serbian national , yes thats right !, 
  well ethnically hes not a serb , nationally yes ... am i wrong ??? 
  what is it with you croats and fascism ??????? 
  good little liberal , support palestine and the arabs ruining your country, 
  ethnically a bosniak, 
  very terrible news , poor guy . 
  reminds me of a serbian-french national serge lazarevic being held in mali by jihadis too but he was released after 3 years a couple of months ago . 
  norway is turning into sweden, 
  righttttt sandjak is serbian ... its like calling people from republika srpska bosniaks, 
  i watched one isis beheading and dont need to see more, 
  it should be an issue , there have been attacks in the past like a retard shooting at the us embassy in sarajevo and a cop being killed in zvornik a couple months ago, 
  i doubt nato will come to protect your claims on the arctic . 
  besides nato is mostly the u.s. 
  highway to the danger zoneeee, 
  ohh okay, 
  meanwhile a nazi rally occurs in croatia ... 
  than a nazi rally ? 
  here we see a proud thompson fan, 
  quiet down slovenia, 
  ahh thompson , claiming he isnt a fascist, 
  yeah but all the other countries have a military, 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  italy is just sideways mexico, 
  that is one ugly watch, 
  and recession hit canada does ? 
   denmark lol, 
  meanwhile germany laughs, 
  well that 's messed up, 
  no cause nato aka mostly american jets bombarded serb military positions and allowed the croatian and bosnian forces to break through . 
  while croats slaughtered bosniaks in mostar and blew up a very old bridge, 
  same reason as albanians in kosovo are allowed but serbs in bosnia are n't ... ? 
  immigration strictly limited to eastern europe . 
  stop calling them south asians . 
  good . 
  now airdrop him into syria please !, 
  supported by nato air strikes on key serbian military positions . 
  do n't forget that, 
  at first i was like wait what but then saw silly old seselj . 
  this is n't even news people ... 
  okay ? 
  we likke what we like, 
  belgrade !, 
  tis like the rio of the balkans i swear . 
  sports and parties ereuwhurrr cept no favalas and city of god gangland shootings anymore . 
  90 's was full of that shit, 
  yes sweden !, 
  uve got shit taste in music m8, 
  fookin wailing woke me up after a hard night of drinking , couldnt even find a proper toilet . 
  wow great clickbait, 
  brussels saw one `` usa = satan '' lol 'd, 
  yeah but she called a 21 when it was a 27 and then a 27 when it was 21 . 
  either she got extremely lucky or it was fixed . 
  basketballz ? 
  youveeee never been to serbia, 
  nope, 
  said he ha to hide his car plates in serbia , he 's full of shit, 
  there are muslims in slovakia ? 
  i dont think mr. cameron knows how the internet works ... 
  different history i guess, 
  based portugese, 
  no you didnt, 
  wwi , nato bombing , kosovo . 
  im not a crazy russian nationalist or anything but they are an ally and seen as such for those reasons . 
   but bought a burger and let me have some probably shouldnt take food from a gypsy ... 
   clusterfuck nature of the balkans . 
  im stealing this, 
  union of russian butthurtednesss assembleeeeeeeeeeeeeee !, 
  yeah well at least there werent stabbings and police crackdowns like in another two countries this week . 
  so an anti-gay protest really isnt that bad . 
  never you lazy montenegrin, 
  or blowing up kosovo refugee lorries, 
  uhhhhhhh, 
  well after the 90s it kinda seems like that, 
  hah brilliant, 
  haha if only i could like this more than once, 
  wellllll ... 
   dubrovnik is a bit bigger yeah just making a point, 
  and who says yugoslavia is dead . 
  jk it is though, 
  in space petty politics really dont matter . 
  that makes me so mad . 
  they did that in montenegro with sveti stefan . 
  used to be free and open to anyone but it got sold and is now an exclusive 5 star resort that only the rich of the rich can enter . 
  they sold a national landmark for fucks sake . 
  its like if dubrovnik got sold and regular people and croats couldnt enter it anymore ... 
  the beach is n't free ? 
  haha, 
  i do n't get it ? 
  what ? 
   sits back , grabs popcorn, 
  i dnno bout that . 
  bush and cheney did n't like each other during their time in the white house . 
  watched a doc on them on hbo they literally have n't spoken since obamas inauguration . 
  montenegro . 
  iraq wasnt a ** completely ** pointless war , jk t ` was the biggest fuckup by that retard bush, 
  i wouldnt , i really like our flag . 
  its very aesthetically pleasing, 
  it is much better than a maple leaf i agree,
