  i believe slovenia is an old wooden ship from the colonial times, 
  lithuanian ehhh well he does suck at basketball so that makes sense, 
  exactly dutchie, 
  nope , iraq, 
  im not too sure myself to be honest, 
  we have no russian embargo , just on the polish apples that were trying to be shipped to russia via serbia . 
  other then that no change in anything really . 
  the apocalypse tank ? 
  didnt really hurt us or anything its just your apples cant be sold through serbian customs, 
   how long do you think that it will take for serbia itself to recognize montenegro 's independence in this scenario , though ? 
  after all , it 's been over 7 years and serbia still is n't going to recognize kosovo 's independence anytime soon . 
  kosovo is different , it was never a republic of yugoslavia rather an autonomous entity within serbia and an integral part . 
  in terms of montenegro i think serbia under tadic would have recognized it within maybe a year because other western states would have started recognizing it and tadic was a useless piece of crap leader . 
  well the 55 % makes sense because at least they have an agreed upon threshold . 
  look at quebec where a threshold was never established , what if 51 % would have voted for independence then that means 49 % would have wanted to stay and that could have split quebec apart between pro-unionists and separatists . 
  in montenegro 's case 55 % was agreed upon by both sides so there was no chance of montenegro being split apart between the unionists and separatists . 
   for instance , i think that malta and sweden were accepted into the u.s. lol fix that, 
  there would be some protest as djukanovic and vujanovic said they would declare independence if the 50 % threshold was passed . 
  and said they would resign if it failed . 
  this would cause tensions between belgrade and montenegro as they wouldnt be able to agree . 
  i think it would be a stalemate and months of uncertainty but regardless i think the international community would slowly start recognizing montenegro because tadic was a weak leader and an appeaser and would have basically eventually folded . 
  personally i dont think much was achieved except making djukanovic and vujanovic richer by selling off national treasures such as sveti stefan . 
  this is a beautiful national island which used to be accessible to all but is now a 5 star resort only accessible to those who can afford to stay there . 
  basically sold off a national treasure . 
   but princip was pretty squarely in the centre of it 's definition i disagree but okay, 
  you dont have to be violent for some to consider you a terrorist, 
  he was declared one, 
  no russia put embargo on us for re-selling european items . 
  and we were never part of the eastern bloc, 
  well we make the fiat 500l here so theres a sign of civilization, 
  romania is so bro-tiered, 
   we dont honor terrorism . 
  meanwhile theres a street in sarajevo named after dudayev, 
  well then in that case erecting monuments to mandela or ghandi is a bad idea, 
  i didnt read it like that, 
  that i can agree on, 
   nationalism is one of the few things keeping serbia still together is n't it ? 
  what ? 
   because they refused to give that murderer up !, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  he was tried and jailed in austria-hungary and serbia accepted all of vienna 's ridiculous demands except 1 which was to allow soldiers into serbian territory . 
  which no country would have accepted at the time . 
  the demands were designed to be refused . 
  theres latin all over rs, 
  so true, 
  i think it was to create a buffer between the ussr and nazi germany . 
  the nazis had just taken austria and re-armed the rhineland so stalin was nervous . 
  then the nazis took a third of czechoslovakia and then the entire thing and the brits and french just let it happen . 
  so stalin wanted a buffer and so he occupied half of poland . 
  well you did side against us in every major war, 
  everyone likes armenians well except your neighbours but everyone in the west does cause theyre so coooool , ( ie . 
  not to the point where we tear down signs written in latin script, 
  well there is some truth to this like when the city of vukovar tried bilingualism , erecting a sign saying vukovar in cyrillic , the entire town went mad and tore down the signs even though serbs make like a third of the population there . 
   whose actions triggered a chain of events leading to world war one . 
  here we go ... 
  well shit r-kelly got away with sleeping with a 14 y/o on tape, 
  sorta like if you ask what they are everyone will say christian but not overly to the point where we go to church every sunday and all that, 
  go away, 
  the islamic state is actually as nice as it looks though, 
  yes its the wests fault, 
  you know theres a good abanian movie about this its called `` the forgivness in blood '' its brettyyyy guuud, 
  heyyyy sounds like serbia haha, 
  curious what malta is like ? 
  tis ' satire good sir, 
  hey a guy from malta , are you really in malta right now ? 
  the greek government not really , they lied to the eurozone and their own people . 
  i do feel bad for the greek people . 
  theyre the ones who have to deal with massive unemployment , influx if migrants and an overall degradation of their country . 
  nato would probably still blame us, 
  so wheres russias excuse ? 
  it doesnt get one cause ... 
  each would have been more acceptable than qatar, 
  what ? 
  murica, 
  what happened to keeping politics out of sprts ? 
  id keep russia but i 'd trade qatar for the us . 
  it would be so cool to have the world cup in the us as russia and the us would try and out do one another !, 
  how else would you know that youre reading a history article though !!, 
  no remove em completely , theyre distracting, 
  romulus and remus would be turning over in their graves !, 
  did you even have to use your ak ? 
  are you really still upset about something that happened 95 years ago ? 
  and blowjobs !, 
  lol this is so dumb , go watch roland garros and the french open , go do something productive, 
  literally no one in r/serbia cares about some rando , we 're all too busy watching roland garros and serbs accomplishing something unlike your country that just whines nonstop, 
  literally no one in r/serbia cares about some rando , we 're all too busy watching roland garros and serbs kickass !, 
   r/serbia literally no one in r/serbia cares about some rando , we 're all too busy watching roland garros and serbs accomplishing something unlike your country that just whines nonstop, 
  dumbest thing ive ever read, 
  oh shutup , tito didnt leave yugoslavia in the greatest state when he died . 
  what is this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=768h3tz4qik ), 
  thats weird as hell, 
  what is this a shit on the serbs forum ? 
  well in slovenia the war only lasted 10 days and in croatia the war was only in the east not in the entire country unlike in bosnia and kosovo where the war waged everywhere, 
  you were downvoted ? 
  if youre rich any place is nice, 
  active in the sense of airstrikes and drone attacks but not boots on the ground . 
  id be more pro-isolationist if the messed up middle east werent right next door . 
  lead the way croatia, 
  not in the state that it is .
