  main import : pretty much everything . 
  main export : waste and souvenirs from sexliesandexerciseland . 
  i can do coverage from the dutch side on thursday from 15:45 . 
  friday i 'm traveling sadly . 
  ( edit : i can also give the frisian side , if you 're interested to hear it from another european minority . ), 
  do n't be jealous and try to drag one of our favorite colonies down with you just because you are n't it :(, 
  very interesting how well they show how the old german controlled part of poland votes differently . 
  we held it for a while . 
  only a few decades later our entire country was annexed by charlemagne and his predecessors . 
  [ linky ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cologne ) [ linky 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisian%e2%80%93frankish_wars ), 
  i especially would love to see australia , canada and new zealand . 
  they are what america could 've been ... 
  the map shows what would happen if every separatist group got their way , not where the people are separatist . 
  the map gives land to separatists because they claim it , not because they 're from there . 
  i think the map shows if all separatist got it their way . 
  i 'm sure that some sami separatists would be after quite a big part , even if some of it is n't majorly populated by sami right now . 
  same with my people , the frisians . 
  in the map it shows the frisian area 3x times or so the size of it 's actual current linguistic/ethnic spread . 
  it is n't frisian ( anymore ) , but really fanatic separatists claim it as frisian of course . 
  there 's already an astronaut team available . 
  we can keep from training any new astronauts until 2015 . 
  how did i get from the finnish air force training air wing to the god of wheels ? 
  * protect a country being called names , by insulting another and lumping all it 's citizens on the same pile * nice going , mate . 
   russia may exit current nuclear weapons treaties if the eu creates a unified nuclear deterrent . 
  are you implying they have n't already ? 
  native : dutch english : c2 german : b2/c1 west frisian : b1 french : a1, 
  pretty scary all this talk of nuclear war lately . 
  unlikely but possible . 
  depends . 
  if the eu becomes a federation , it might be wise to split countries like spain , germany , france , italy etcetera . 
  you need to relieve tensions , so you 'll need to split regions that are different ethically and linguistically . 
  for example : walloon and flanders . 
  or the basques and the catalans . 
  with the current way the eu is shaped ? 
  ukrainian delegation : you guys have to help us d : european delegation : do you have hazelnuts ?!, 
  ukrainian delegation : what ? 
  no , why ? 
  huh ? 
  well , as said in the article itself . 
  the kazakhs do n't need to overthrow him . 
  he can also die of natural causes . 
  ( he 's 74 ) or in an accident . 
  nope , a random tumblr user just posted it for fun . 
  * ` uit ' means ` out ' and ` slover ' means ` hard worker ' . 
  so ` uitslover ' literally means ` out hard worker ' . 
  which figuratively means that someone is working hard , outside of ( more than ) what he/she should . 
  a.k.a they 're doing extra in order to impress . 
  a.k.a show off . 
  [ hurry ivan !, 
  we will miss air battle ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pic5bnaiquk/teza-u3moci/aaaaaaaabvc/owmvqk4opsa/s1600/hurry+ivan%252c+we+will+miss+air+battle.jpg ), 
  i am already an expert . 
  * show off *, 
  this should be thing :p *, 
  even worse . 
  the gulf stream brings warm water from the gulf of mexico and the us west coast to europe . 
  this warms the climate up here , and cools the climate in north west america . 
  you 'll have to defend yourself . 
  titles need to be as short as possible , so my guess is that the author of the article and op simply use eu and europe interchangeably . 
  ( happens a lot ), 
  i figured out what i typed when i typed it . 
  of course they are not ` exactly ' the same . 
  they 're both worded in a different way , but both sentences express the underlying meaning and intention just as good . 
  it 's only the way the sentence looks that 's different , other wise it 's the same . 
  that 's what i meant when i said they 're exactly different . 
  the way they 're worded has no importance in the discussion , so if we ignore how the sentences look , they 're the exact same . 
  the most surprising thing about this whole ordeal is that people are still surprised at this kind of thing . 
   but : icy winters with snow , fresh and bloomy spring , hot summers ( please < 32 \u00b0 c ) , colourful and windy and cloudy autumn . 
  i never want to miss that here . 
  winters with no snow and ice but still fucking cold : fuck . 
  we have n't had a proper winter since 1997 d : <, 
  it 's so funny , people often assume the us and europe are simply left and right of each other , but europe is actually severely north . 
  new york city has the same height as rome . 
  rome is one of south europe 's biggest cities , nyc lies in the north of the us . 
  it 's the exact same quote , only differently worded . 
  the actual meaning stays pretty much the same . 
  a colon is n't commonly used indicating a quote , but it 's pretty obviously that that is what op tried to do . 
  yes , it is . 
  the title is a piece of the quote from the lithuanian president . 
  that 's why op placed the ' : ' between the statements and the person stating the statement . 
   hyperbole  1 . 
   obvious and intentional exaggeration . 
   an extravagant statement or figure of speech not intended to be taken literally , as `` to wait an eternity . '' . 
  the title is not a hyperbole because it 's an actual quote from the lithuanian president . 
  her quote might be a hyperbole , but that does n't make this title a hyperbole . 
  it is n't exaggerated because it 's a direct quote . 
  of course this particular quote of hers is chosen because it attracts attention , but it 's not exaggerated . 
  exaggerated means changing something to make it look worse/better/bigger than it is . 
  the title is n't changed , it 's a quote . 
   yes , it is . 
  it 's saying that a state desiring closer ties with the eu is pretty much a eu member state for the purposes of mutual defense . 
  i 'll just copy the same bit until you understand : an analogy is comparing situation a , by telling it as if it were situation b which looks like it , to get across a point . 
  for example niels bohr 's analogy between the model of the atom and the model of the solar system : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:bohr_atom_model_english.svg he compared the atom to the solar system even though they 're completely different things that looked a bit like each other in order to get his point across of what an atom is . 
   if you are going to be an obnoxious grammar nazi at least do your homework : every analogy is also a statement , for obvious reasons . 
  here is my homework : an analogy is a statement , but not every statement is an analogy . 
  to make it more clear to you : the quote of the lithuanian president was a non-analogy statement . 
  i thought you could make that up from the text , i guess i 'll just have to explain it more simply then . 
  edit : yeah , run . 
  you seemed to think this title was in anyway not appropriate . 
  so i said that as far as titles go , this is a perfectly good title . 
  why is it being designed to attract clicks a problem ?
