  after the japanese occupation of indonesia , the indonesians fought for independence and the dutch tried to repress it for some years . 
  we still refer to the thing as ` de politionele acties ' in english : ` the police actions ' , because we basically pretended the soldiers fighting in indonesia were n't military but police forces . 
  so it 's still not referred to as some kind of indonesian independence war . 
  my grandfather was member of a firing squad . 
  we have a secret [ weapon . 
  ] ( http://gamedayr.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/robin-van-persie-flying-meme3.jpg ), 
  bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  edit : whoops angered the belgians . 
   there are actual russians living in that region , and not in a small amount . 
  they are russian ethnicities , not nationalities . 
  the guy above you is saying that there are russian federation citizens in ukraine , on top of the russian ethnicities living there . 
  economic left/right : -4.12 social libertarian/authoritarian : -2.67 closest person in the list to me is the dalai lama . 
  haha . 
  i 've never held a cigarette or joint in my life . 
   asphyxiation can occur when a substance , such as carbon dioxide , interferes with the oxygenization of tissue . 
  suffocation can occur when the air supply to the body is blocked from entering the body . 
  god , the young people in that article are so oblivious . 
  there 's a reason the soviet-union fell apart . 
   `` to be afraid means to respect . '' you study at a university girl ? 
  being afraid can mean ` to hate ' just as much . 
  the data is from before the eu joined the union . 
  not before all children that need normal education are appointed to new schools . 
  the numbers are from before croatia joined the union . 
  the author made a mistake , the dutch actually have a score of 90 % :p, 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf, 
  sorry , but the actual eurobarometer suggest otherwise : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf, 
   fair enough , but borrowing is now seen as a standard way to finance government expenditures , and not as an emergency `` last resort '' . 
  i am perfectly fine with the latter , but not the former . 
  indeed . 
  basically it comes down to : what do we want to spend money on ? 
  how much of it can we finance with taxes , and should thus be financed with borrowing . 
  borrowing is more a tool for the government in order to achieve the aimed budget , rather than something for emergencies . 
  that the english level is low , does n't mean they 're very monolingual . 
  in many eastern european countries there 's a lot of russian , sometimes perhaps more than english . 
  because learning foreign languages is awesome as fuck ... ? 
  i did n't create this . 
  i do n't like his predictions at all . 
  increased tensions in the east of europe , more british influence in europe and another period of america as the world 's dominating power . 
  i much more like the idea of a european union that 's more connected and that will eventually develop more friendly relations with russia , whilst countries like the us and china become/stay big powers but not necessarily world dominating . 
  i would n't support it . 
  the british are the most eurosceptic currently , seems a bit unfair that their language because the official language of the eu , latin or a pie derived language such as sambahsa would be a better choice . 
  that does n't answer it . 
  yes i missed a negative . 
  i always thought that pretty much everyone in the netherlands spoke english , but in my final school years ( not so long ago ) i realized how bad some people actually are . 
  it does n't work like that , but that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  the right to self-determination says that every people can decide their own future . 
  thanks to their cultural heritage and history , the basques and catalonians are good examples of ` peoples ' and can thus call upon the right to self-determination . 
  so in order to do it as you say : we should populate 0 % of the world because if we go far enough nobody lived anywhere . 
  catalonia and basque country have their own cultural heritage and history . 
  to say that they deserve an independent country less than the english is complete nonsense . 
  my point is , that you can live in your own english country , because that 's where your culture and most important history started . 
  the same goes for the basques . 
  are you opposed to irish independence ? 
  are you suggesting only ethnic groups can have a common culture/history ? 
  i know that old english sentence from somewhere ... beowulf ... ? 
  no , in order to have a claim on an independent people , you need to show that you are in fact a people . 
  if group a has the same culture , history and place of origin as group b , then obviously they are one people . 
  only if a big proportion chooses to be a different group , others might suggest otherwise . 
  you and your home are a shit example . 
  give it back to the celts then . 
  you guys are anglo-saxon invaders . 
  exactly . 
  **  ** 95 % thus the amount of english speaking people is larger than 95 % /, 
  do the people in your house have a common culture heritage , history and a place of origin ? 
  if yes to all : you can claim that place of origin for your people , but not your house unless it 's in that region of origin . 
  if you are british and your house is in britain : congratulations , you and your people have been using your right for self-determination for centuries and no change is needed !, 
  if yes to the first two : look for a region where you and your people are the majority and claim that as your region . 
  are you british and you live in britain : you 've already claimed your homeland centuries ago . 
  if only yes to the last question : place of origin of what ? 
  you do n't have a special cultural background or history . 
  the english have a more dubious case than the catalonians and the basques . 
  give england back to the romans !, 
  notice the ''  '' so less than 5 % do not speak proper english . 
  i know right ?!, 
  the question was this : does the earth revolve around the sun , or does the sun resolve around the earth ? 
  26 % answered the second one . 
  the information that the earth revolves around the sun is n't as obvious everywhere as you might think . 
  in 20014 26 % of americans though the sun revolved around the earth and in 2005 34 % of the people in eu thought the same . 
  we did however score better on human evolution :d, 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  to the fins this would more seem like a challenge than a threat :p  ca n't join nato you say ? 
  watch us !, 
  is n't it amazing how much you can hate some guy just by reading a couple of phrases he wrote ? 
  yes , but you guys are bullies on our side so ... 
  i know of galicia , left them out because since they 're , as you said , not so well known :p . 
  i do n't know . 
  was n't it like ... asphyxiation or something ... ? 
  my mistake , i thought you were talking about a monarchy for germany , not just bavaria . 
  reminds me of a story about belgium . 
  there was a law that the king did n't want to sign , so the belgian government abolished the monarchy , elected a president , passed the law , fired the president , re-established the monarchy . 
  i highly doubt this is true though ... edit : here is the real story , slightly less spectacular :  in 1990 , when king baudouin advised the government he could not , in conscience , sign a bill decriminalizing abortion , the council of ministers declared him incapable of exercising his powers at his own request . 
  in accordance with the belgian constitution , upon the declaration of the sovereign 's incapacity , the council of ministers assumed the powers of the head of state until parliament could rule on the king 's incapacity and appoint a regent . 
  the bill was then assented to by all members of the council of ministers on the king 's behalf . 
  both houses of parliament declared the king capable of exercising his powers again the next day . 
  are n't there still living relatives of the prussian bloodline ? 
  but in order to change the constitution you need a lot of support . 
  could the basques , catalonians and other separatists even achieve something like that ? 
  the catalonians and basques have their own languages , their own history and a pretty clear defined region in which they live . 
  the line can be vague , but this surely is n't the case with catalonia and euskal herria ( i use the basque name , because saying ` basque country ' sounds weird ) . 
  it 's relatively clear what catalonia is and what euskal herria is and that they 're separate cultures from spain .
