  my and friends are also thinking of hitting the road when we graduate . 
  there 's discussion about where we should go , everyone wants to include a specific place or country . 
  some want to hang around beach and some want to go on a city trip  _ <, 
  sinterklaas here in the netherlands : you shall not pass !, 
  santa is something used by comapanies . 
  we do not tell our children stories of santa , we do not put presents under the tree , the only thing where they hear about santa is in advertisements and cheesy children 's tv series that mostly come from the us, 
  oh you have a double passport . 
  what european country ? 
   our democratically elected representatives i did n't know australians voted in european elections ? 
  currently the us has more influence in europe than europe has in the us . 
  we do not want to take the chance to make that even worse . 
   you do n't think german , british or nordic products will be able to compete with american products ? 
  some . 
  not all . 
  for example cars . 
  german cars will remain popular in europe . 
  free entrance of us products will cause harm to the european economy . 
  they 'll overtake european products and thus more european money goes to the us instead of europe . 
  it also increases us influence in europe , which we do n't want . 
  crisises do n't last forever . 
  we do n't need to open our doors a 100 % in order to get the economy back in track . 
  just give it a few years . 
  no i do not mean northern europe . 
  uruguay and argentina are of course like spain and italy , but the majority of europeans are n't from spain or italy . 
  people from france , northern-europe and eastern-europe are a lot less like south-americans than italians and spaniards . 
  they 're a bit like europe but they do not have the same kind of mindset like for example the uk , germany or the netherlands . 
  a majority of europeans really wo n't feel like south-america is that european . 
  a lot of europeans do find oceania to be more europe-like . 
  yes . 
  what i 'm saying is that when you say ' ... shows off lunar rover with nuked europe ' people tend to imagine the nuke somewhere in switzerland or england or germany , not moscow . 
  no idea . 
  i simply took this map via google pictures . 
  someone on [ r/space ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/space/ ) already showed that the nuke actually hits moscow in the picture , which i think should n't be seen as nuking europe . 
  in the picture the nuke blows above the arabian peninsula . 
  what city is located above the arabian peninsula ? 
  [ moscow ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/images/major-capitals-of-the-world.jpg ), 
  the frisian parts in northern-germany have movements . 
  the inter-frisian organisation is an organisation with people from the west , east and north . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  i misread ` nominal ' . 
  it 's because they 're the most european non-european countries :p, 
  yes . 
  let 's restore [ magna frisia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisian_kingdom ) . 
  netherlands europe : flanders or the german bundesland of niedersachsen or germany as whole . 
  non-europe : canada , australia , new zealand . 
  indeed , that leaves 298 million americans that do n't use the train that much . 
  legalising prostitution is progressive . 
  more freedom to do stuff = progression ( progression is not a synonym for ` good ' ) no change = conservative going back to old values = reactionary legalising prostitution is progression , whether you see it as bad or as good progression . 
  too progressive ? 
  legalising/regulating prostitution is progressive , banning it is conservative . 
  the train is n't a popular method of transport in the us as far as i know . 
  maybe it was their first time ? 
  no one knows why hitler did n't invade switzerland . 
   hitler never gave the go-ahead , for reasons still uncertain today . 
  although the wehrmacht feigned moves toward switzerland in its offensives , it never attempted to invade . 
  after d-day , the operation was put on hold , and switzerland remained neutral for the duration of the war . 
  [ operation tannenbaum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_tannenbaum ), 
  i find it funny that this habit is spread across europe . 
  here in the netherlands we too kiss family , we also kiss old friends . 
  americans are always so weirded out by it xd . 
  italy and spain . 
  coming from the west/north i thought the landscape and buildings looked dry and infertile ... the paint comes off the buildings , the grass is much more yellow etcetera . 
  i do n't know if this could count as a culture shock , but i can never really get used to it ... 
  i think both . 
  the government makes a lot of maps concerning safety and emergency planning , but we also have a lot of companies that work with water . 
  like [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_livfmdjltg0/tqksg0glc_i/aaaaaaaabxs/boeup9httac/s1600/dijkringen.jpg ) is a map made by a company showing the chance of a flood for every dyke-ring ( an area surrounded by a dyke ), 
  yes . 
  it 's really important here in the netherlands . 
  yes , launched from the iss launching base . 
  is n't there a lot of titanium on the moon ? 
  12,1 % of the moonrocks apollo 17 brought back were titanium oxide . 
  the earth 's crust contains 0,9 % titanium . 
  as said , that headstart is small . 
  so small in fact that in cases like this can you can completely ignore it . 
  if we look the total , the uk still has an advantage . 
  it 's grammar is not from latin , so it 's on equal foot with other germanic languages and the slavic languages . 
  english vocabulary is in big part from latin origin , this gives the english an advantage over slavic and other germanic speaking people . 
  42 % of europeans speak romance languages , these people have the most advantage , after them comes the native english speaking people . 
  which puts the english within half of europeans that have the advantage when learning latin . 
   the majority of english speakers in the uk do n't know the first thing about english grammar and this is quite difficult for people to learn . 
  that 's the same for many languages . 
  dutch people for example suck at their present perfect . 
  no , mie . 
   it 's a language based upon the ancestor of all european languages . 
  it 's a modern version of pie . 
  a university in spain is writing books , about grammar and syntax , and dictionaries . 
  they 're also busy creating lessons for it . 
  i think the whole of eastern-europe and northern-europe have a harder time picking it up then the uk . 
  1/4th of english words comes directly from latin , another 1/4 comes from latin related languages . 
  all in all , people in the uk most likely have an advantage over most ( future ) europeans . 
  also , speaking a second language gives you a headstart . 
  but really , that headstart is not that big and forms no problems at all . 
  france insists using french in many cases . 
  for example : once the league of nations wanted to make esperanto its language . 
  who vetoed ? 
  france , because french was the official language of the lon and they did n't want it to lose its position . 
  spoken latin exists , you can take classes and people can actually speak it . 
  it 's not 100 % as it was 200 years ago , but it exists . 
  the church uses church latin , the eu uses classical latin . 
  also the roman empire is a good connotation .
