  how to fuck with an american : tell them they 're not as macho as they think they are and ... boom . 
  neckbeards suddenly burst from their chins . 
  prove you could stand the loss of european allies . 
  with you americans talking about abandoning nato , it is all talk . 
  prove it . 
  i do n't think so actually , the us is a real world power , losing it 's influence in europe to russia would be a disaster . 
  even a country like the us would not be the world 's first superpower without allies . 
  so the us has a real gain by helping europe resist russian influences . 
  what have those articles got to do with the thing we 're talking about ? 
  i do n't see how a european propaganda video involving children relates to a telegraph article and a ` geenstijl ' article ( incredibly low half assed news site ) . 
   i 'm starting to get pissed off now ... i literally smacked my face at how logic seems to not affect the way you make your arguments and counter - arguments . 
  same . 
  i say we end it . 
  you have your rambling , i have my logic . 
  both happy . 
  if you do not want to understand , do n't try . 
  not in the same way . 
  we do not have any kind of propaganda in which we dare to say invading neighbouring countries ever lead to anything good or that the european army could be in moscow in no time . 
  russia does . 
  catholic christianity is not a religion on itself . 
  christianity is also a very decentralized religion , catholicism is one of them , with the other two major being orthodox and protestant . 
  then there are also dozens of smaller divisions . 
  islam is divided into a similar way , two major ones : sunni and shia , with a load of smaller split off 's . 
   it 's . 
  still . 
  indirect . 
  since . 
  that . 
  determined . 
  the . 
  manner . 
  it 's . 
  delivery . 
  third party . 
  also ... the same can be said about the bible , yet the bible is n't considered by you and a few others here to be on par with the quran when it comes to it 's `` directness '' . 
  * facepalm * first of : the third party in my example does n't matter , because the paper mentioned is a direct copy that was not altered by the third party . 
  the archangel gabriel brought god 's word to mohammed without altering it . 
  if he did alter it , i do n't think god would be very well thinking of his archangels ... secondly the same can not by said of the bible and the bible is considered by the majority of christians to not be the exact word of god . 
   you just agreed that people disagree on the idea of the bible being direct or indirect as the word of god , yet you then say that consensus has been reached on the matter and that said consensus is that it is n't the direct word of god . 
  you ca n't have consensus , even general consensus , if people all over the place disagree on a subject . 
  i agreed to that there are multiple interpretations , i however did not agree on that there is a general idea of what is the truth and what is not . 
  theologically there is widespread consensus with the exceptions of a few people that the bible is n't the direct word of god and most interpretations of the bible agree on that . 
   again , it does n't matter , since what influences that is the manner of the delivery , not the precision of the retelling by the one who delivers it . 
  in this case , indirect since a third party was involved . 
  see above : the third party did not alter it . 
   yes it did ... since they would n't have wrote it that way if the holy spirit was n't involved . 
  you 're mistaking the kind of `` inspired '' as if the holy spirit was a muse ... which is plain wrong since the holy spirit had a hand in what they wrote . 
  to be more exact , theologically , the holy spirit intervened . 
  he did , but he did n't give the writers the exact things they should put in them . 
  he had a hand in it , but he did n't tell them exactly what to write . 
   again ... that 's not inspiration , that 's intervention . 
  same thing . 
  he intervened by inspiring them , he did not intervene by telling them what to write . 
   and it 's a scant difference if the holy spirit implanted in the minds of men the ideas and the archangel gabriel told mohammed the ideas , the difference is only in the vocalization . 
  it 's not , because as i said : the holy spirit did not implant the exact words in their minds , only the ideas . 
  the archangel gabriel did not tell mohammed the ideas , he told him the exact word of god . 
  does n't . 
  matter . 
  oh yes it does . 
  the bible is less directly written by god because god did n't tell the writers ( not necessarily through the ears , since we 're talking about spirituality here , telling could also be done through text and thought , yet god did neither of those things ) what to write , gabriel did tell mohammed what to write and the things gabriel told mohammed were the exact and unaltered perfect copy of what god said . 
  if i told you something here , does this mean it would n't be my words ? 
  we are doing this through the third party called reddit , by your logic nothing i said here would be my direct words . 
   what ? 
  how can they be direct if it was delivered by a third party ? 
  if i give you a package to give to a friend of mine , and you do ... did i directly give that package to my friend ? 
  a package is something different . 
  if you had to write a paper , but your brother plagiarized the paper of person x which you submit , you are submitting person x ' paper , even though you got it from a ` third party ' . 
  mohammed got the word of god through gabriel , but gabriel simply gave mohammed the exact words of god . 
  mohammed did n't get them from god , but they 're still exactly what god said . 
   how it 's seen by christians is debatable since faith and interpretation of one 's religion ( and the bible ) is subjective from believer to believer . 
  yes , but i am talking about the general consensus . 
  the idea that the bible was not the direct word of god , but instead written by people over the course of centuries who were inspired by god is the most prevailing interpretation . 
   it 's certainly more direct than gabriel handing it down . 
  see the holy spirit as part of god himself arguement above . 
  no , it is n't . 
  gabriel said to mohammed exactly what god said to gabriel . 
  god did n't say exactly what to the writers of the bible , he inspired them . 
  i do n't think you get what i mean : the holy spirit did not tell the writers of the bible what to write down , he only ` inspired ' them . 
  god , through gabriel , did tell mohammed what to write down . 
  the holy spirit did n't say anything to the writers of the bible . 
  god did say something to gabriel which gabriel said to mohammed . 
   one can say that mohammed was inspired and / or told by gabriel the word of god in the same way that the holy spirit `` inspired '' those who wrote the bible nope . 
  mohammed was n't inspired by gabriel what to write down , he was told exactly what to write down by gabriel . 
  that is the difference . 
  the holy spirit did not tell the writers of the bible what to write down , he only ` inspired ' them . 
  when we say ` inspired ' we mean that the holy spirit did n't say anything to them , he sort of implanted the ideas of what would become the bible in their heads . 
  not literally , but that is the best way i can explain it . 
   you ca n't get more direct than part of god ( a.i. 
  the holy spirit ) telling you what to write again : he did n't tell them anything . 
   where is this majority of religious experts that have reached consensus on that ... that `` agree '' on that ? 
  they are in universities world wide . 
  seriously , in theology and other social studies involving religions this is a well known fact . 
   also ... what your saying is n't completely correct . 
  gabriel appeared to mohammed and told him what to write , not god himself . 
  you 're correct , although that does n't change anything . 
  the words were still god 's direct words . 
   also ... christians do see the writings of the bible as the word of god , but it is n't uniformly interpreted in a literal way . 
  yes , they do . 
  it is seen as the word of god , but not the direct word of god . 
  http://www.christianministriesintl.org/articles/bible-the-inspired-word-of-god.php ( note the ` inspired ' )  if the bible was written by men who were under the guidance of the holy spirit , then it was the word of god handed to them by god , since the holy spirit is part of god ( see holy trinity ) .
