  also , the english words from latin are often directly derived from latin , not french , and these are much rarer in conversations . 
   can you really say that the english vocabulary is closer to the frisian vocabulary than the dutch vocabulary is to german ? 
  really ? 
  yes , and this is no opinion . 
  when i pick words randomly , i find more words that look like dutch/german/frisian words then i find words that look like french . 
  it 's official that 60 % of english words find their origin in germanic , not italic . 
   but speaking english wo n't really help you to learn dutch or german , and speaking dutch or german wo n't really help you to learn english . 
  that depends on your native language . 
   if you are french and have never took any english lesson , you 'll still undersand those words : french , probably , valuable , language , english , simply , absolutely , gigantic , part , similar , grammar , point , paragraphe , lesson . 
  if you are dutch and have never took any english lesson , you 'll still understand these words : king , nation , political party , film , castle , blink , bundle , commodore , sketch , smuggler , yacht , frolic , onslaught , landscape etcetera . 
   it means that there actually is a gigantic part of the english vocabulary that you do n't need to learn if you 're french , because it 's already the same . 
  you 'll just have to learn the more basic germanic rooted words . 
  that argument is the same for dutch . 
   i saw your link , but what is forgotten in this article is the huge importance of the vocabulary . 
  the vocabulary is 60 % germanic . 
  compound words are n't that special . 
  many languages use them . 
   it 's actually way much more complex than that that does n't change anything to the fact that frisian is the closest language to english . 
  english swings more to the germanic side , making the germanic languages easier for english speakers . 
   to the point that while frisian and english are related , there actually quite distant , wayyy much more distant than dutch and german that is completely wrong . 
  frisian lies between english and dutch with a little bit of german . 
  english looks more like frisian than dutch looks like german . 
  a lot of frisian words sound almost exactly the same in english and can be mutually understood . 
  this is n't the case in dutch/german . 
   it will be way easier for an english speaker to learn french than to lear dutch or frisian . 
  i still have no idea what point you 're trying to make . 
  it 's not even true . 
   `` dutch is similar to german , but because it has no cases and a less complicated grammatical system , many linguistic scholars consider dutch to be the easiest language for english speakers . 
  read more : http://www.businessinsider.com/easiest-foreign-languages-to-learn-2012-12?op=1#ixzz2nbrt35qf '', 
  1 death and 0 kills . 
  sucks . 
   make your mind up . 
  i 'm sure you speak your native tongue well enough to understand that such a thing is not a polite thing to say . 
  says a lot about you indeed . 
   make your mind up . 
  i just did , you twat . 
  i corrected myself . 
  well almost all those movements . 
  it 's safe to say that all these movements have serious groups dedicated to it . 
  whether these groups count depends on yourself as i said . 
  not making jokes does n't make you a decent human being . 
  lol noob . 
  closest related to english after scots . 
  yes , all those movements exist and have serious political parties . 
   i 'm looking for regions that have substantial support depends on you , when does a region have substantial support ? 
  when 50 % want that region to become it 's own state , 40 % , 10 % ? 
   i think it 's terribly misleading and gives the wrong impression about europe . 
  as far as i 'm aware the only regions that have substantial separatist/nationalist movements and are most likely to change borders over the next few decades are the map is correct . 
  there are a lot of separatist movements . 
  however the map does n't say anything about the size of their support so it does n't conflict with your first impression . 
  for example : i 'm from frisia , the northern part of the netherlands/germany . 
  there are separatist movements but they are really small and pretty much no one backs them . 
   there 's absolutely no point in building sci-fi domes on the planet for colonization purposes . 
  if you have the technology to build a self-sustaining giant dome , you can just put it into space where there 's no gravity well , with centrifugal force for artificial gravity . 
  wow . 
  first off : space stations with centrifugal forces as artificial gravity are much more complex and difficult to engineer than colonies on other planets . 
  i have no doubt that space stations like this will be build , but it is n't a reason not to build planet colonies because they have one giant advantage . 
  secondly : i already gave you a point , yet you simply ignore it . 
  colonies get us resources . 
  space stations ca n't , atleast not on the scale colonies can . 
   domes would make sense on a planet with life , but atmosphere toxic to humans or something like that . 
  i do n't understand , you kind of messed up your english there . 
   because it does nothing . 
  you spend billions to put a few humans in space , they perhaps wave some flag , then they get back . 
  nothing actually gets achieved . 
  who did you again accuse of having no basic knowledge ? 
  there 's literally hundreds of gigantic lists filled with the inventions we use everyday that were created in the space industry , including human spaceflight . 
   spending these billions on researching technology actually moves us closer to controlling outer space . 
  so sending humans into space harms these efforts by hampering the actually productive alternative . 
  no one wants to invest in technology if it does n't do shit . 
  people and companies will not develop new technology if it does n't do anything . 
  human spaceflight gives research a legitimate goal and reason and thus will greatly encourage it . 
   there 's a reason why americans stopped their moon missions . 
  it was completely pointless once propaganda purposes were achieved . 
  no the reason was : the technology was n't advanced enough to make the moon useful . 
  we are now working on technologies that make the moon useful again , that 's why so many companies and countries are already planning human missions to the moon . 
  for the first time the moon can become useful : see the japanese idea of building a solar farm , the large quantities of titanium on the moon , the idea to make it an outpost for further space missions , using the moon as a defence mechanism against meteorites and comets . 
  europeans ( except the vikings ) did n't bother crossing the atlantic up untill the renaissance because they could reach the east indies via africa or via arabia , nobody would 've thought that there was an entire continent on the other side . 
  they were also like :  pfff , why would you make a hassle and cross the unexplored atlantic ocean when you can just get to the indies by going along the known routes . 
   but will they be doing anything that helps for colonization or will it just be a fancy display ? 
  yes , simply landing a human on mars ( even if it fails ) brings us much closer to a colonization . 
   humans have already sent probes to mars , so i would think they would want to start getting some infrastructure set up first if it 's for colonization . 
  that 's the plan . 
  first modules need to be landed on mars and enough supplies to last a few months , then the humans so we can extend the base for further exploration , research and colonization . 
   neither can netherlands . 
  only three countries managed to get into space so far . 
  look up , you might see the joke fly right over your head . 
   because ? 
  humans are more reliable , can make quicker and wiser choices . 
  also , in order to send a signal to mars , you need to wait 20 minutes . 
  40 minutes back and forth . 
  it takes hours for a mars rover to do a job that a human can do in minutes simply because a human does n't need to wait 40 minutes before doing something . 
   we are never going to colonize other planets in the solar system , it 's completely infeasible . 
   do n't try to discuss space exploration without even basic knowledge . 
  indeed , why are you still here ? 
  aaawww , polan can not into space ? 
  human spaceflight ca n't be replaced with robots for decades to come . 
  also , the main goal of sending people to mars does not have a scientific or pure economic reason . 
  it mostly has a social , survival reason . 
  we can not spread our civilization across the universe if we do n't colonize the planet that 's right next to us .
