  there 's been a steady increase in social justice warriors recently . 
  just look at the internet , a few years ago this was barely a thing and now you can hardly browse the internet without crossing it . 
  zwarte piet obviously originates from a caricature of black people , but today 's zwarte piet is n't a used or seen as a caricature . 
  but is n't russia spending a lot of it 's reserves right now ? 
  they 'll spend around 75 % of it in 2015 alone i heard , the sanctions might just last a while longer than that , what happens when the reserves are depleted or russia stops using the reserves to prop up the ruble ? 
  hate to disappoint :p http://www.reddit.com/r/europeanparliament/comments/2yjxmp/photo_king_abdullah_ii_of_jordan_delivers_a/, 
  how awesome would it be , if actual eps started to follow it . 
  we could turn this into the best eu circlejerk imaginable . 
  it 's like a white house subreddit , browsed by obama ... filled with thanks obama jokes . 
   the point i believe u/bblasdel was making , is that the blackface is clearly intended as a carricature of black people . 
  i know , that 's the thing . 
  no one dressing up as zwarte piet thinks it 's a caricature of black people , no one watching zwarte piet during the holidays think it 's a caricature , no one using zwarte piet in things like products think it 's a caricature . 
  so we 've got this entire society treating a tradition not as a caricature of black people , and this guy is saying it is a caricature of black people . 
  the only standing point he has is that a couple black people ( but still not all ) and white people that seem to perceive it as a caricature . 
   if that were true , they would n't exist . 
  oh yes , there is of course a very very small minority that use the tradition in a bad way against black people , but if that was a valid argument to show it 's bad , ban everything . 
   the whole point of these things is to stress the otherness of black people in a carnivalesque reversal of roles . 
  again , no one dressing up as zwarte piet thinks that is the point , no one watching zwarte piet thinks that is the point . 
  the only people thinking that is the point of zwarte piet are a very small minority of racists and a few social justice warriors . 
   when you step on someone 's shoe , the right thing to do is apologize and make efforts to not do that anymore , regardless of whether or not you meant to stomp their foot . 
  i apologize of course , but the other person is not supposed to act as if i 've stomped him on the foot on purpose . 
   similarly , if you find yourself celebrating a tradition that dehumanizes your neighbors except it does n't , because as i 've said : you 're idea of what zwarte piet , does n't come close to what he actually is . 
  you think it dehumanizes blacks , but no one sees zwarte piet as a dehumanized blackman . 
   intent is irrelevant . 
  tell that to a judge ... 
   u/bblasdel made an excellent point [ 1 ] below no , he did n't . 
  his point is essentially : `` there 's currently no ill intent , but others see it as ill intended , so it should be banned '' which is a ridiculous argument . 
  i see white painted faces of geisha as ill intended . 
  ban them japan . 
  does that sound stupid ? 
  yes it does , because there 's no ill intent in the face painting of geishas , whether i perceive it as that or not . 
  no one except the people advocating it goes away see zwarte piet and the like as freaks or caricatures . 
  there 's no ill intent , so do n't pretend there is any . 
   you mean slaaf , the zwarte pieten were initially described as slaven and that word does not translate into english as servant . 
  guess what ? 
  no one thinks zwarte piet is a slave . 
  you made him a slave . 
   its only now that black children are being troubled by having their classmates ' introduction to race be through this caricature that anyone gives a shit about tradition . 
  you have a fucked up image of our society . 
   whenever i see that saint-nicolas sitting on his high horse while his servants have to work , i do cringe that is your problem . 
  pretty much no one except for a few relate him to this stuff . 
  hell , the vast majority of people do not even see him as a servant . 
  in fact , it is people like you that turned zwarte piet into a servant . 
  to most other people he 's just a friendly helper , assisting an old man in distributing gifts to children both rich and poor . 
  he does not serve anyone , he 's just a good guy . 
  if you want to feel guilty because you pretend zwarte piet to be something he 's not , than that is your doing , not our 's . 
  ` it ' refers to whites also complaining about zwarte piet . 
  he did not deny this , you began with putting the words in his mouth that he somehow blames this on immigrants . 
   people do n't use phrases like `` migrant circles '' or `` sjw '' innocently , and they do n't complain about white people 's culture ( whatever that is ) being attacked innocently either . 
  what ? 
  you 're reading stuff that is n't even there . 
  first off , what did he do wrong with the word ` migrant circles ' ? 
  he said that most complaints came from ` migrant circles ' , what is incorrect about that ? 
  looks like a standard observation to me . 
  he did n't say only migrants are to blame for this are anything , he only said that most complaints are coming from migrants , which is true . 
  then the sjw thing . 
  why ca n't someone use it ` innocently ' ? 
  to me taking political correctness to the exteme is a normal example of a sjw , what is wrong with that ? 
  and then you talk about white people 's culture . 
  where did he name something about a white people culture ? 
  this is what he said :  is everything racist today , except telling white people their culture is wrong ? 
  i do n't see him doing much wrong here . 
  he does n't word it like he perceives this whole ordeal as some attack on white culture in general . 
  besides , it is obvious that you can get away more easily with saying standard european are wrong , than saying non-european stuff is wrong . 
  that 's not racist , that is the opposite of racist : thinking no race should be discriminated . 
  edit : worded something different , because it might give the wrong expression . 
  i read it again . 
  same result . 
  you 're calling something ` whitewashing ' for no real apparent reason . 
  he does n't even do that , instead he clearly admits it . 
  you were the one starting with :  but i guess the `` immigrants are relentlessly attacking our traditions '' is a narrative you like more . 
  you put those words in his mouth first . 
   do n't confuse idiot racist traditions dating from a horrific colonial past few belgians actually know about , with culture . 
  he does n't . 
  zwarte piet is obviously linked to colonialism , does n't automatically link him to chopping off hands . 
  you guys are the only ones making that connection . 
  zwarte piet is culture , chopping of hands is not . 
  that is why he 's defending the first one and not the second one . 
   what you 're doing here is just flat out whitewashing our racist past ( and present ) . 
  oh right . 
  there is a black character in belgian/dutch tradition and a belgian is advocating that it should stay that way , thus you concluse that this person is somehow ` whitewashing ' a racist past . 
  i have not seen anything in this thread , where op actually defended the things that happened in the colonies . 
  my walls are painted white . 
  is that too whitewashing our racist past ( and present , come on ? 
  seriously ? ), 
  because i exclude black ? 
  oh i know , you probably think i am racist because my carpet is black , and that somehow symbolizes me walking over black people . 
  not everything including the shades black and white are linked to colonialism ... 
  how the hell did you read that and go `` oh i see you think i am non-white '' . 
   have a good day . 
  goodnight * , you ` murican . 
  ( that was a joke , in case you take it literally haha ), 
  [ that is exactly what i said lol / s ] ( http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/vladimir-putin-laughing.gif ), 
   i 'm more than willing to hear your disagreements . 
  i 've literally spent this entire time trying to get them out of you . 
  i did n't realise . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dytfzfsbiui )  you keep saying i 'm the one getting all wound up yet you 're the one that seems to be quite upset right now . 
  see video above . 
  i am enjoying this . 
  i mean , look at how you reacted :  not that i 'm right about europe being fucking irresponsible moneygrubbers for decades and even now refusing to acknowledge that it 's own weakness and indecisiveness is what has invited russian aggression ?
