  i browse this sub pretty much every day , this is only the second time of me hearing anything about her here . 
  you do realize armenia was in the same boat as the estonians ? 
  the only difference is that you guys are still in the boat . 
  we sold the rest to you . 
  because esa would most likely be overshadowed by nasa . 
  nasa is simply a lot bigger , so esa might become an extension of nasa rather than forming a true new space agency . 
  cooperation/competition works best . 
  shut up daladier . 
  lol . 
  okay . 
   i 'm sorry that you get your jimmies rustled and look for conspiracies that do n't exist . 
  [ sorry for that . 
   well , the last war that happened near greece was in kosovo . 
  russia was not involved then . 
  what have the yugoslavian wars to do with this ? 
  they are the perfect examples of how european solidarity has ended conflict in europe . 
  the same thing greece now wants to support . 
   european militaries go and fight in middle-east . 
  just because it is n't europe , we can not give them a free pass to that . 
  that is a nato and un issue . 
  also has nothing to do with this . 
  the us used article 5 of the nato to get european countries involved , and european countries independently vow units to the un in order to participate in peace keeping missions . 
  thank you for giving the examples my point needed . 
   lastly , let 's be pragmatic . 
  these are not small deals over people 's lives , there will be no war , this is only fear-mongering to keep nato stable and perpetruate the anti-russia line . 
  which is fine by me , but i do n't buy it and neither greek government should . 
  yeah right . 
  no arguing with major_russian . 
  no point in arguing with a conspiracy theorist . 
  i am out . 
   i would hardy call what is going on in greece today as a `` benefit '' . 
  austerity is not a benefit obviously , but i am talking about money lend to greece . 
  without money from europe things would 've gone worse in greece . 
  it is european money that keeps greece afloat . 
  so greece definitely benefited from us lending greece money , even if we did it with the intent to save our own asses . 
  believe it or not , but the eu and other countries are involved in it . 
  turkey send it 's navy because they think greek cyprus ' decision to get involved in east-mediterranean oil and gas fields infringes on turkish cyprus sovereignty . 
  the eu and other countries are active in negotiations to make turkish cyprus and greek cyprus get along . 
  so sorry for trying to stabilize the conflict through peaceful means instead of violent means . 
   as if feeding millions of ordinary russians is somehow an act of war . 
  greece had nothing to do with ukraine . 
  their hands are clean in that matter . 
  no , they 're not . 
  a functioning economy is needed in order to wage war . 
  trade sanctions with russia freeze the conflict in ukraine . 
  helping a war economy grow , means indirectly helping the war effort . 
  russia is also a net importer of food , mainly from europe , this also means that european food is feeding russian troops and pro-russian separatists in ukraine . 
   can germany say the same ? 
  yes , because unlike greece right now , germany actually supports stopping russia . 
   no , lets just blame greece for not following the european model for exiting a depression . 
  austerity , tax the poor , and participate in sanctions against top trade partners . 
  pretty sure this has nothing to do with greece not following austerity and more taxes for the poor . 
  in fact , most people here on / r/europe are negative of austerity . 
  this is purely about greece appeasing an aggressor state invading an independent european country . 
  debt is kind of irrelevant if the economy is functioning well . 
  the american economy is growing , it has been growing for a few years . 
  a huge debt and a huge deficit are also a good strategy if your economy is growing , because you wo n't see the downside of debt but you will see the upside . 
  periods where us deficit and debt grow were at their highest , coincides with periods where the us grew incredibly well . 
   is it european solidarity when you have years of austerity and no actual results ? 
  depends . 
  if it is done with the intention to help , then it is . 
   is it european solidarity when you push the same strategies on our throats even though they have created a humanitarian crisis ? 
  if they 're done with good intentions , then yes . 
  their actual effectiveness is a problem with politicians not seeing the faults of their policies , not because of the lack of ` european solidarity ' . 
   what really unites greece and estonia , or estonia with germany , germany and greece ? 
  peace . 
  the union was founded with the abolition of conflict in europe as a major objective . 
  the same conflicts greece is now appeasing . 
  so no , i guess there is nothing that unites the eu and greece , when greece abandons the ideals of peace in europe in favour of little ( remember , no deal with russia will be able to solve greece 's problems in a major way ) economic gain . 
    whatever feelings you have against russia , solve them yourselves . 
  so basically you are in favour of another conflict in europe ? 
  if not , than this ` feeling against russia ' should be your feeling as well . 
  nobody is sanctioning russia because we have ` feelings against them ' , but because they 're invading another damn country . 
  this is my problem with this whole greek-russian partnership . 
  you guys are appeasing an aggressor state , in favour of little economic gain . 
  do n't act like you 're so hurt , there are many european countries hurt as well by the sanctions , the only ones complaining are you . 
  if russia had n't done anything bad and we sanctioned them i 'd fully agree , except this is not the case at all . 
   but european solidarity does n't pay our debts . 
  neither will a war and a russian deal . 
  you 're stuck in this loop of debts until the problems disappear themselves or until the greek government realizes an actual plan to deal with greece 's problems and a deal with the eu are needed as opposed to some small deal with a country over the back 's of other people 's lives . 
   ... mostly to save their own banks and the euro . 
  yes , and ? 
  we might have done it for ourselves , but greece benefited from it . 
   there was no european navy there to show solidarity . 
  most likely because there exists no european navy . 
  one of the most active r/european here is a greek . 
   can you find me where it says this , and show me where this agreement comes in to this specific circumstance ? 
  throughout the evolution of the union there have been multiple treaties consolidating eu power . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_political_cooperation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_foreign_and_security_policy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_european_act http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_foreign_and_security_policy#history http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastricht_treaty http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amsterdam_treaty  people keep saying that sanctions have to be unanimous , which would imply that every state can exert their sovereignty when it comes to that . 
  is this wrong ? 
  every member state can veto stuff . 
  so yes , they can exert their sovereignty , but this is n't always the case . 
  through treaties and courts it is decided which decisions can be vetoed and which ca n't . 
  i remember some people here saying that the sanctions are not subject to this , but do n't quote me on it . 
  tl ; dr treaties ensure that some but certainly not all european decisions are veto-able , which thus limits the sovereignty of it 's members . 
  edit : something additional but also very important : greece can thus use it 's veto to block stuff , but other countries can then veto the abolition . 
  so for example : greece could 've blocked the sanctions using a veto because the instalment requires unanimity , but if greece wants to end the sanctions it also needs unanimity . 
  this is of course a major limit on sovereignty . 
  not being able to abolish a policy on your own . 
   syriza never had a horse in that race and they have more pressing priorities than getting involved in geopolitical rivalries .
