  is iceland not european ? 
  and where in the south ? 
  is malta european ? 
  if the uk is not-european , would that make gibraltar not european ? 
  are the azures european ? 
  is the north pole european or does it magically end at svalbard ? 
   common law is indigenous to the island nope . 
  the common law arrived in england when the english arrived in england . 
  common law is not celtic ( the people living there before you arrived ) and it is n't pre-indo-european either . 
  it came to the british isles together with you : european colonisers/settlers of the british isles . 
   you fools know nothing about my country . 
  seems like you know nothing about your country from before 1066 . 
   the core of europe is mitteleuropa aka the former hre . 
  says whom ? 
   europe is a continent , not a concept . 
  we are on the continent of europe but we are not and have never been core europe . 
  where does europe end ? 
  answer : we do n't know there is no ` continental ' europe , it has no clear boundary . 
  the edge of europe is entirely dependent on what the majority opinion is of where it ends . 
  ` europe ' is thus something that only really exists in theory . 
  if we thought the european continent ended in afghanistan , it would end in afghanistan . 
  if we thought it ended in zwitserland , it would end in zwitserland . 
  in the majority opinion the british isles are firmly within european borders . 
  you can not point the border of europe out , and you ca n't point the ` core ' out either . 
  `` the primarily physiographic term `` continent '' as applied to europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent 's current boundaries . '', 
  for this very reason , armenia is considered a european nation even though it has no territory at all within the most common used geographical borders of ` europe ' . 
  for this very reason , kazakhstan is not considered a european nation even though it has territory within the most common used geographical borders of ` europe ' . 
   our law actually is n't from the continent , it 's based on indigenous customary law aka common law . 
  yes , the laws of anglo-saxon settlers who brought their laws with them from the mainland , which was then added to by norman conquerors who were inspired by other mainland europe lawmsystems like roman law . 
  english law is n't isolated from the mainland , it 's just another branch of systems of laws invented in europe . 
   different legal system , history , traditions and culture . 
  right , so now every country is a separate continent ? 
  so ` europe ' does not exist ? 
  the concept of ` europe ' exists , and the uk is irrefutably part of it . 
  your legal system is just a derivative of law originally from the mainland , your history is completely intertwined with the mainland , your traditions are connected to the mainland and so is your culture . 
  you speak a european language , using a european legal system , using a european system of government with european traditions . 
  so people living on the frisian islands are n't european either ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe the british isles are a european island , off the coast of the european mainland , so still geographically europe . 
  europe is a cultural concept anyways , and the uk and ireland are 100 % part of it . 
  but now you 're giving more voting power to people in smaller countries . 
  is a croatian 's vote more worth than a german 's vote ? 
  no , that 's unnecessary . 
  why have the same number of meps per country if you want everyone free to vote on whoever they like ? 
   sounds like a fair middle way . 
  though i would object to declining people based on their nationality . 
  why not simply do it like this : if there is an ep coalition between party a and party b , give half of the positions to party a and half to party b. 
  then after 2,5 years you change it around , giving all the positions party a first held to party b and vice versa . 
  you 're guaranteed to get a different nationality almost every time . 
   eu parlament to whcih everyone can vote for any party in eu and senate where is equal number of senators from each country . 
  if anyone can vote for any party in the eu then there is no point in having a certain amount of meps from each country . 
   he won an eu wide election among other things . 
  to be fair most people have no idea who the leaders of the european parties are , so i doubt people voted epp because they thought juncker was a good guy . 
  actually , yes . 
   yeah he 's witty and funny , but does that really make him a good politician like people on this sub often think ? 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody thinks he 's a ` good ' politician . 
  we just love his goofiness ... 
   in case you do n't believe that , try to recall libya , greece , ukraine , and syria . 
  in all of those situations the us has chosen to let europe lead not in syria and libya . 
   with less than impressive results . 
  those are situation where the us merely was n't taking the lead , now imagine how much worse they would be if america was actively against the eu . . first off the results in ukraine where excellent . 
  the greek situation has been stabilized . 
  the united states has had some of the least impressive results . 
  many of today 's foreign policy problems are us caused . 
   no american influence means that the united states could tell nato that unless all of its eu members pay 3 % gdp in defense spending , the united states will leave and form a new alliance which may include russia ; donald trump is certainly open to something like that . 
  haha . 
  hahahaha . 
  how ? 
  he says the right wingers only care about the interests of the rich and the economy . 
  he does n't say working class people think they only care about the interests of the rich and economy . 
  how can you even argue in favour of the status quo ( remain ) if you are n't allowed to predict what would happen if the status quo does change ? 
  well thanks for repeating what i just said ... ? 
  i did n't say he is bad for doing it , i am only giving the reason why people blame the brexit on him , with an emphasis that cameron did this thinking the results would be different . 
  mainly immigration from eu country to eu country . 
  that 's not a merkel thing . 
  frexit however sounds amazing . 
  but ... gexit ? 
  is that pronounced gexit or jexit ? 
  he basically allowed the referendum to happen . 
  he thought ` remain ' would win and appease people calling for a brexit now that they have their referendum . 
  turns out ` remain ' did n't win . 
  oops . 
  runours has it the german military command is already working on a third schlieffenplan . 
  also imagine this : no more farage in the eu parliament . 
  yes, 
  not as much . 
  because the british funding of eu will leave , but so will eu funding to britain . 
  britain is a net contributor but the net loss wo n't be nearly as big as 13 % . 
  haha eu will never let that happen . 
  doing that would show all the other member states : `` you can have all the benefits of being a member without being a member '' . 
   we always have been . 
  just like slavs are different from the french or belgians or germans . 
  so you 're saying how europeans differ from each other like you do from other europeans , right after saying `` why ca n't europeans understand that we 're different '' . 
   the british are very , very proud of their nation and its history . 
  and all other european countries are n't ? 
  you 're not special in this . 
  i second this . 
  let 's all root for san marino . 
  scotland might become independent in 2014 . 
  how do scottish people feel about having scottish language play a bigger role in everyday life next to english ? 
  is it something that should be discouraged or encouraged ?
