   fucks sake you seriously think this is about inflating my own ego do n't you ? 
  you seriously think i 'm happy about the state of affairs ? 
  [ calm down . 
  ] ( http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/vladimir-putin-laughing.gif ) but sure , why not , let 's just roll with your idea that i seem upset . 
  i 'm out !, 
   so you dislike the fact that i have certain interests in regards to us-european relations ? 
  you 're wording it as if i am blaming you for having a certain interest in stuff . 
  no , i am blaming you for doing nothing else on / r/europe but to insult us about the exact same thing . 
  every comment here is the exact same opinion . 
  yes you 're family is dying for our ungrateful asses , you 've said it more than enough . 
  we know . 
   it 's funny because americans commenting in threads that do n't involve us-european relations usually get thoroughly downvoted and told to gtfo . 
  haha as if . 
  we 're having wonderful conversations with wonderful americans here . 
  you 're just not one of them . 
   again , you 're not making any points against what i say but only the manner in which i say it . 
  no way ... 
   here i am . 
  just wanting that discussion to take place . 
  with you dodging by saying you dislike my tone . 
  just wanting a discussion about the same thing , everytime you 're here . 
  you do not just want a discussion , you want a discussion in which no one disagrees . 
  as soon as someone disagrees with you about this whole nato issue , yet get all wound up , mumbling something about `` dem stupid yuropeans '' `` muh family dying for them moruns '' . 
  yes , i am only commenting about how you comment , because if i 'd actually try to reason with you , i might as well start reasoning with a wall . 
  i 'd get a more reasonable answer from the bloody wall . 
   like i said , your silence and only commenting on how i say things rather than what i say speaks volumes . 
  oh i 've talked about europe failing to spend it 's 2 % more than enough . 
  i am just not talking to you about it , because you 're an obnoxious idiot about it . 
  there are more than enough americans i 'd like to discuss the whole nato thing with , you 're just the embodiment of the american stereotype . 
   what would be an acceptable way for me to voice my opinion that our allies have dropped the ball and invited aggression through weakness then ? 
  i do n't know ? 
  like a normal human being ? 
  the first thing i would do is stop stalking / r/europe just for specific threads about things related to this thing and giving the exact same opinion on all of them . 
  you only post here on/r/europe to complain about the exact same thing you always complain about here . 
  voicing an opinion is one thing , spamming it and ignoring everything else is just being obnoxious . 
  you do n't see me going to / r/america and only posting the same goddamn opinion on every thread that mentions x. 
  lol , and you asked me why there 's no discussion ? 
  you are why there is no discussion :d, 
  of course there 's no discussion . 
  what you 're doing is whining . 
  [ sigh . 
  ] ( http://myreactiongifs.com/gifs/neildegrassetysoneyeroll.gif ), 
   i can only assume that you thought i was the person you were replying to . 
  bravo . 
  look up . 
   what if his concern was targeted at the sanctions ? 
  then i would 've looked like an ass , but seeing his post history here on / r/europe and his response , the odds were in my favour . 
  i noticed . 
  [ do n't worry , we know . 
  and this is what he 's doing . 
  pretty much no one , including me , refuses to acknowledge it . 
  you 're just the one bringing it up as pretty much the only thing you can talk about . 
  you 're mistaking our hatred for your inane whining with us not knowing about the 2 % problem . 
  how would you feel about europeans coming to / r/america and jump on every post including guns with nothing but ` gun control is good stupid americans ' ? 
  you would n't like those guys . 
  i know he 's not wrong , but it 's really cocky . 
  i 've watched his history a bit ... the only thing he does on / r/europe is complain about either this or something else about europe-us relations . 
  i love how some of you guys ignore a lot of stuff here , and jump on everything as soon as nato comes up and europe 's inability to spend 2 % . 
  so a summary of what he said is essentially : `` if you 're going to help america defend europe against us , you 're going to be attacked as well if we attack '' is n't that plain obvious . 
  why would n't they ? 
  it does n't quote work like that though . 
  a twice as long tunnle , does n't mean twice as hard to construct , the difficulty to construct something is n't lineair with it 's size . 
  and esti wants to be nordic , so they are the ones above . 
  that leaves one in the middle . 
  no , i ca n't imagine a sibling doing that , but then i remembered my sister and that made me think `` oh right , a thing like that is well within the realms of possibility '', 
  do n't forgot nato spotting buks crossing back into russian territory not long after the attack with satellites ... 
  we do have some georgians i believe . 
  come on [ big machomen of the caucasus ] ( http://i.imgur.com/emtlagi.png ) . 
  we 're interested !, 
  i ca n't imagine a brother doing it . 
  but then i remember my sister ... 
   my apologies if you are agitated now , although i actually enjoyed hearing your opinion on the matter  . 
  there is a case to be made for a lot you said , that much is certain . 
  i am not agitated , really , i am just cutting it off prematurely before because the quality has already gone too low . 
  both for your and for my sake . 
   before you get the wrong idea my friend : i really do not care about which party or which coalition wins the elections . 
  that is not important . 
  i see more democracy as a good thing , you see it as a bad thing . 
  political stability is however a recurring point in your argument . 
   come on , do n't be ridiculous here : i am actually proposing a legal mechanism for referendums , something to which you by the way have n't replied to . 
  i see this discussion is going down the drain , now that you 've actually started accusing me of not replying to specific points in some big comments . 
  so this is just going to be my final comment before it turns to even more shit . 
  referenda are not fit to replace the system as it is now , the should only be used for major decisions , which barely happens . 
   also , the senate gets chosen indirectly by the provincial states , that in turn have a rather limited popular mandate ( 49 % this time ) which makes it hard to unite ` eerste kamer ' with ` democracy ' in the same sentence . 
  it actually makes uniting them very easy . 
  first off it is more democratic than what you proposed , indirect elected politicians are still more democratic than unelected judges . 
  secondly , the low turnout rate is not a sign of a not functioning democracy . 
  not-voting is also a vote , just not for a party or candidate . 
  100 % of the people vote , it is just that 51 % did n't actually bother to give that vote to someone or simply gave it to the status quo . 
   although i believe that 5 or 6 national parties will be able to fulfill the demands of 95 % of the electorate , instead of the 10 + parties that are in existence nowadays . 
  apparently not , because there are 10 + parties . 
   i wonder how much of the party programme groenlinks voters will see realized if it were to enter a coalition of six parties . 
  i know : more than they would see realized of they stayed part of the opposition instead . 
   people in the senate vote along the lines of the national parties , not according to the population of the provinces . 
  yes , i know , but who decides who the people in the senate will be ? 
  the regional politicians in the provincial states ? 
  who elect the regional politicians to the provincial states ? 
  the people of the provinces . 
  the politicians are n't clearly representing local opinion ( duh ) , but the political landscape does . 
  it gives more power to the locals , as they can change the political landscape , giving off their opinions .
