  and i am answering your question . 
  you 're not going to be satisfied until a give the answer you want to hear , so i gave it straight away . 
  yes , i tolerate them . 
  in fact i am highly supportive of them , so they can establish a caliphate here . 
  define ` these kind of people ' . 
  good observation . 
  anything you might want to add to the discussion ? 
  or are you going to leave it at random statements ? 
  http://nl.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cuck ? 
  not neccesarily , i was referring to the ethno-religious group . 
  i do n't think muslims are literally hitler . 
  because being anti-immigration should n't be the same as muslim hate . 
  which you defend . 
  i actually am against immigration from the middle east and africa though and centre though . 
  horseshoe theory does not apply . 
  nothing racist about a fact . 
  where is someone conflating the two ? 
  i think that would be hard to do without brigading . 
  this subreddit is often a target of stormfront too . 
   just out of curiosity , is it okay to criticise multiculturalism ? 
  what about certain ideologies like political islam and marxism ? 
  yes , the rules also specifically state that you are allowed to for example criticize immigration . 
  just do n't do it by suggesting some people are inferior . 
  i know you 're having a hard time , you agree with them . 
  ca n't point then out now , i am on mobile . 
  they do n't specify it , otherwise it is too easy to look through the disguise . 
  i know , it looks a bit like your 's . 
  i just went there , overal racism is still upvoted there . 
  99,99 \u2030 of the muslims being discussed here belong to people from middle-eastern and african descent . 
  hating specifically on these two groups is racism . 
  sorry , they are . 
  however , muslims are an ethno-religious group , so you can very well be racist towards muslims in general . 
  funny , there was one guy proposing we should kill them , who was upvoted . 
  i guess that is alright to you then . 
  mods : you guys are doing great jobs , do n't bow down to populists and white supremacists . 
  then why do you want to kill innocents ? 
   your democracy is fucked up if it acts doing things that its people do n't want . 
  it 's is less worse . 
  i 'd rather have the government protect me against my will , than a government that opresses me even if i am not saying anything ag against it . 
  thanks juncker . 
  where are those billions of investments you promised ? 
  that most likely comes closest to the european variant . 
  probably closed because a lot of people in the comments were not following the subreddit rules . 
  i know , some racist bigots might not understand . 
  i know it is , that 's what i am advocating too . 
  i would rather be under somebody 's boot than be them . 
  if you allow yourself to become like them , you are not better . 
  why should we save ourselves if we are exactly the same as them ? 
  most people here suggesting how to fix the ` problem ' try so with illegal , violent or inhumane deeds . 
   ah yes , because just not allowing a certain group to immigrate into your country is the same thing as invading lands and killing everyone who does n't believe as you do . 
  nope , but being a racist bigot towards other religions and ethnicites , considering them a problem and ` solving ' that problem with violence is the same thing as they do . 
  try harder . 
   you do know many of these people move north , and are not put in detention centres ? 
  the italian authorities even assist them , leave the gates open at night , and give them money for train tickets . 
  which should n't happen of course , if the italians acted like they should , there would n't be that much problems with illegals . 
  blame the italians , not the illegals . 
   if you do n't go to work tomorrow you 'll also have no food at the end of the month , we 're no better than nazi 's . 
  except i do . 
  that is still preferable to being the dominating intolerant . 
   we are talking about the people who where refused residence . 
  that 's where this `` bed , bread shower '' discussion is about . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it is what you want it be about . 
  we were talking about boat people , not a few people in the netherlands outside of the immigration centres that refuse to cooperate . 
   they will . 
  they wo n't leave again . 
  they ca n't . 
  we can go on forever like this , the fact is , they ca n't . 
  i am sorry this does not fit your racist world-view . 
   until now the government provided shelter and food for all illegals who participated in their own deportation , the un is now forcing us to provide shelter and food for all illegals regardless of their willingness to cooperate . 
  and ? 
  that 's good . 
  if we starve people because they refuse to cooperate we are no better than nazis . 
   without cooperation from their side , we can not deport people . 
  the illegal boat immigrants do not fall into this category . 
   no , we ca n't send them back then either . 
  yes , we can . 
   i do n't know if you 've been following the news , but people who aren ; t allowed to stay have the right to `` bed , bread and shower '' . 
  all for free , so they 're never leaving again that 's not their choice . 
  if they come here and ask to live in it , it will be considered and if it is rejected they ca n't stay here . 
   and they ca n't be deported . 
  the dutch government actively deports people that have requested permission to stay but were n't given any . 
  not that long ago the police had to actually forcibly drag someone on board his plane . 
  they only ca n't be deported if they can not be send back to their home country , but even then they stay in migrant centres . 
   i did n't mean citizens as in citizenship holders , but people living in a certain state . 
  well these people ca n't be either . 
   regardless of their legal status , they 'll never leave again . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   how noble of you . 
  maybe the southern people should be asked what they think . 
  we are hurting down here . 
  as i said : i was in favour of the entire eu helping . 
  you were the one forcing me to choose between saddling the southerners up with the problem or letting people die , not me . 
   but can you really tell spain or greece to suck in up ; they ca n't even help themselves , yet they are morally obligated to help strangers ? 
  i am in favour of the entire eu helping all bordering countries gather and save as much refugees as needed . 
  we will face the costs together . 
  however , if i had to choose between saddling the souther countries up with it and leaving people to die , i 'd choose the former . 
  well i see you just admitted you 're evil . 
  that leaves little room to discuss any further . 
   if we ignore the problem long enough it will go away , wont it ?
