   the crash comes when people have rights to take siestas . 
  where does this come from ? 
  how does a federation suddenly cause an increase in swedish people wanting siesta ? 
  if the eu federalises , the amount of people in sweden wanting to have siesta will not change . 
  it will remain exactly the same as it is now . 
   well we are n't in a federation yet . 
  if swedes want the eu to be run in one way , why not just let them have their own country run as they wish ? 
  because in the end the country/region with highest population density is going to decide what are good laws and what are bad laws . 
  you 're not answering the question . 
  is the siesta a big problem in sweden right now ? 
  ah , i assumed you were against federalisation because `` whereas eu bureaucracy does little for my day to day interactions , other than helping me get phone chargers and fruit homogenised . '', 
  sounded like you were n't too happy with the eu to begin with . 
   i would like to see it include places like canada/australia ( again i appreciate this is very anglo-centric and i apologise ) , and other nations with similar views as the eu joining the federation . 
  i 'd much earlier see it going eastwards , with countries like kazakhstan . 
  russia has a strong connection with those countries and if russia joins , they will get a lot closer to the federation . 
  i do n't see canada and australia merging with anything any time soon . 
  they 're both a lot more independent then any european country , and they 're not really thinking of changing that . 
   i think forming europe into just one big nation will make us slightly more isolated and limit the eu 's potential . 
  i do n't . 
  the assimilation process would only get longer as future member states need to adapt , but that should n't be a huge problem since we 're already adapting future member states more to our common market and politics . 
   if a language was to be made de jure official language of europe , how would the eu be any different from the ussr ? 
  the eu is n't communist ... ? 
  that 's one . 
  the eu also does n't force countries into defence treaties . 
  also , the eu is n't russian and our colour is n't red . 
  we also do n't use a hammer and sickle as our weapon . 
  conquering the eu in the winter is n't any more impossible than in the summer . 
  because if we invest in the poorer regions , they 'll eventually become as rich as us . 
  this will also lower corruption . 
  once they are as rich as us , them joining us would benefit us . 
  basically you 're against a federation because you think other countries are poor and corrupt , but you are also against fixing this poor and corruption problem . 
   if you say `` sweden can do this and italy can do that '' then you 're already segrigating the two regions , which makes them own countries with their own laws . 
  no , in a federation there can be different laws between regions . 
  italy and sweden having different policies about siesta is no problem in a federation . 
   you misunderstand . 
  of course swedes can work in italy and the other way around , but how do swedes do in sweden if a law is implimented which says siesta can be done ? 
  swedes have no use for siesta , but they have the opportunity to do nothing for 1.5 h during the day , a thing which will collapse the society if its done . 
  if a law says siesta is forbidden , how are you supposed to get italians to work ? 
  no , you misunderstand :  but how do swedes do in sweden if a law is implimented which says siesta can be done ? 
  there 's no law going to be about that . 
  your employer decides whether you can take a break . 
  in southern-europa it 's only common because of the heath . 
  if your employer decides that you ca n't take siesta , then you do n't take siesta . 
  in southern-europe employers are more likely to allow it , in northern-europe they are less likely to allow it . 
  i have literally no idea where you see a problem . 
  sweden and italy together in a federation will not result in swedish people massively having siestas , and as a result crash the economy . 
   if they have seperate laws , then ( again ) its easier for them two to be their own countries . 
  they have their separate laws : they are in a federation . 
   besides , how are italins going to feel when a lady in germany says they ca n't celebrate one of their holidays for instance ? 
  how are businesses going to react when europe impliments the swedish parental leave system ? 
  or worse , how are the population of sweden going to react when europe says they can not have their parental leave system ? 
  let me ask you this : is this a giant problem now ? 
   but both of those scenarios seem just as likely as the foundation of a federation that encompasses all of europe . 
  no they do n't . 
  no , it was n't . 
  the creator created it for the entire world , and it was actually doing pretty well . 
  esperanto was booming in the early 20th century . 
  in fact , esperanto was to be the language of the league of nations . 
  all countries agreed , but france used it 's veto , because french was the language of the league of nations . 
  from wiki :  after the great war , there was a proposal for the league of nations to accept esperanto as their working language , following a report by nitobe inaz\u014d , an official delegate of league of nations during the 13th world congress of esperanto in prague . 
  ten delegates accepted the proposal with only one voice against , the french delegate , gabriel hanotaux . 
  hanotaux did not like how the french language was losing its position as the international language and saw esperanto as a threat , effectively wielding his veto power to block the decision . 
  after the league of nations was dissolved , many of it 's former bodies . 
  the lon adopting esperanto could 've very well lead to it being the language of the un . 
   i also think learning another language is a significant culture changer whereas eu bureaucracy does little for my day to day interactions , other than helping me get phone chargers and fruit homogenised . 
  i think this is one of the biggest reasons you 're critical ( nothing wrong with that ) of a pan-european language : you do n't want a european federation . 
  if you do n't see a european federation working , than obviously you do n't see a european nation working either . 
  i 'm afraid it would n't be so easy . 
  transnistria wants to join russia , and other countries wo n't easily let it . 
   in italy people sleep siesta , how do you make a law for that in sweden ? 
  if sweden does n't want siesta it does n't have to have it . 
  if italy wants siesta , it can have it . 
  why are you assuming all laws need to be the same ? 
  there 's free movement between sweden and italy , italians can work in sweden , swedish can work in italy . 
  there are no problems with the siesta now , there wo n't be problems with it in the future . 
  well , that was basically what i meant , the united states were able to prevent big cultural clashes . 
  most likely . 
  i do n't see russia accepting ` europe ' or ` european union ' as names very quickly . 
  yes , indeed . 
  they were lucky all the different cultures blended in so easily . 
  it definitely helped that there was little cultural tension . 
  i think this is most likely because most immigrants basically tried to ` flee ' their culture and thus were n't so freaked to let it go . 
  yeah , i also have my doubts about the required french lessons we have . 
  we need to study it for 3 years , but we need to study german for 2 years . 
  which is odd because you 'd think german is much more important here . 
   it 's not about banishing , but having english as the lingua franca in europe brings opens a huge amount of doors , not to mention it is already a european language . 
  we just do n't need regional languages , a eu language and a global language . 
  it 's just an extra level of complexity , language gets simpler not more complicated . 
  as i already said : matter of opinion . 
  you think a pan-european language adds nothing but complexity , some agree with you and other disagree with you . 
  some people like the idea of europe having it 's own language apart from for example the us , because it would make europe more unique and independent . 
  other like the idea because they do n't want the lingua france of europe to benefit the uk more than other member states ( since it 's your native tongue ) . 
  some think that is bullshit . 
  you 're more a guy of the latter , i 'm more someone of the former . 
  so there 's little point in debating that , because neither of us can say that we 're absolutely right . 
  no answer is essentially better over the other . 
   it would literally be trying to force a new culture on someone what you mean is that , if we basically require everyone in europe to learn the european language , we 'd be imposing the idea of a european federation on them , right ? 
  i know , the germany thing was basically a joke . 
  what i actually meant , on their continent there are pretty much none imperialistic/nationalist countries beside yourself , which makes things much easier . 
  indeed .
