  many internet republicans are still butthurt over the whole ordeal and claim they 're being repressed . 
  and ? 
  the troika finances greece , it can ` but ' whenever the hell it likes . 
  i would love to be proven wrong on this , how is russia not really recovering ? 
  and yes , tsipras and orban do have veto 's . 
  every member of the eu has a veto . 
  yes , and they are the partial ( fully electric engines already exist ) transition from 100 \u2030 carbon based engines to 100 \u2030 electric engines . 
  there is also the possibility of kicking cyprus out together with greece if they veto a grexit . 
  they are n't exactly a blessing either . 
  dude ... 
  it 's a wetdream . 
  the future is the electric engine . 
  naturel gas engines are only delaying the inevitable , for a bit . 
  it is a really dumb assumption , especially because all it takes is one google search . 
  oh god , gas the future of green energy . 
  and steam is the future of automation !, 
  no , my solution is that if greece wants to destroy the eu with russia , please do it when you 're out of the eu , not in it . 
  `` i assume you are german right ? '', 
  it depends , are you turkish ? 
  gas is evil but we 're not stupid . 
  we are werking on replacing russian gas , europe wide . 
   greece is trying to position itself to be the hub of all these countries and if it pulls it off it will completely transform greece . 
  and in order to do that , greece destroys itself , gives ukraine a big slap in the face for nothing , and decides to fuck the others on the continent over . 
  so sad . 
   no , as in re-build the economy and stop taking loans . 
  ah , so you want to cut off money streaming into greece . 
  does n't sound like rebuilding the economy to me . 
   greece has an opportunity to take in 50 + billion cubic meters of russian gas to distribute through the eu oh ? 
  the same gas we 're trying to get rid of ? 
  i do n't see any problems in investing in something without a future . 
   greece is not asking for a `` bailout '' by russia , there are some major projects in the works which could completely shift greece into an energy hub . 
  if that bothers you than that is your problem . 
  it bothers me and it should bother you , because that would not benefit but hinder greece . 
   i am not pro-putin , do n't make assumptions . 
  russia is not putin and putin is not russia . 
  guess , what ? 
  russia is putin and putin is russia . 
   the road to a better future between eu and russia will start with a kickstart in economic co-operation . 
  syriza is quoted as wanting to be the `` bridge of peace '' between both sides . 
  a bridge of peace , so that both armies can reach and fight each other quicker . 
  what syriza is doing is enabling more russian aggression . 
  syriza is creating eternal conflict . 
  we tried economic co-operation , both russia and the eu even considered russia joining eventually . 
  until russia stabbed us in the back . 
  the problem with peace through economic cooperation , is that russia does not want that . 
   there is a difference between cooperating among equals and being treated like a colony who must do what it is told . 
  exactly , the first one is being in the eu . 
  the second one is being part of the russian sphere of influence . 
  good thinking . 
   syriza is co-operating with eu on every level , working with russia is not some `` betrayal '' . 
  eternal conflict is not what is best for eu 's future . 
  it 's not best for the eu 's future . 
  sadly , it is russia creating the conflict . 
  so it is betrayal . 
  you guys choose to pick a path that creates more conflict , without benefiting greece in anyway . 
   that is the entire point and one of the core strategies of syriza . 
  ah , so syriza 's idea , is that they want to completely remain the status quo , except they 're paid in rubles instead of euros ? 
  we know you 're a / r/european guy , so we forgive you for your stupidity . 
  the european extreme-right has a tendency to align themselves with putin . 
   russia is greece 's main importer of greek agriculture products . 
  you want greece in the middle of a great depression to stop all trade with their biggest trade partner ? 
  russia is offering a 50 billion $ pipeline to be built to greece . 
  to assist greece in dozens of gas/oil exploration projects in the aegean and ionian sea and to start importing greek products again . 
  how nice of them . 
  i wonder if they would get something out of such a relationship like that . 
  i 'm certain putin has got no superficial reasons behind such a thing ... 
   greece would make a complete turn to russia . 
  nope . 
  they could , but they should n't whine if they sink into an even deeper crisis . 
  if greece would want to be suicidal it could do that . 
   crete and cyprus hold the two main logistical operations headquarters of nato in the region . 
  i could go on but you get the point . 
  he was n't talking about nato . 
  greece out of the eu does not affect those headquarters . 
  russia 's economy is already recovering from the sanctions , and further sanctions will now be impossible . 
  fuck you tsipras . 
  ca n't we do something so that for every cent they get from russia , they get one cent less from us ? 
   do you see nazi everywhere ? 
  a little bit paranoid ... nope  . 
  only a few in this thread , including you . 
  the vast majority of people here on / r/europe are a decent lot . 
   who i tell you that i 'm a supremacist ? 
  sorry , but everytime someone do n't agree with you is a supremacist ? 
  your family should be full of supremacists against minorities so ... you told me that you 're a supremacist . 
  not everyone who disagrees with me is a supremacist , however everyone who is a racist is a supremacist . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i think people that think immigration is bad have a valid opinion and are normal people . 
  i think that people who think that all niggers must die are supremacists . 
   can you ask me about this question please and you some logic sometime ? 
  i 'm not religious and i do n't reason by fixed ideas , but it appear the your reasoning have huge holes in it . 
   same answer as ever . 
  ps : english is not my first language . 
  as i said : your english went from decent to shit in a few comments . 
  you 're once again unintelligible . 
   you are not so far from nazism intolerance ... 
  i know , i tolerate nazis just as much as the nazis tolerated jews . 
  not . 
  correct !, 
   did n't become a circlejerk ha !, 
   has so much censorship because all the mods are of one political belief and they search for any way to ban whoever they see is right wing .
