  indeed , and our democratically elected governments say it is in europe , so apparently azerbaijan is considered europe by most people . 
  depends . 
  european as in ` western culture ' ? 
  european as in location ? 
  yes . 
  well actually , azerbaijan is officially european . 
  also : azerbaijan is in the council of europe and is officially descriped as : `` azerbaijan is in the south caucasus region of eurasia , straddling western asia and eastern europe . '', 
  so , unlike people want to believe , azerbaijan , georgia and armenia are in europe . 
  yes , but i did n't say that . 
  a lot of europeans would be surprised if europe did n't exist . 
  i said :  geographically europe does n't exist . 
  which is n't much of a surprise . 
  geographically europe does n't exist . 
  we call europe a continent , but it actually suits little of the requirements of a continent . 
  thus europe has no real basis geographically . 
  europe is a social construct . 
  we and the rest of the world call it a continent and regard it as one . 
  ivanmedved says iceland is not geographically in europe . 
  but geographically europe is n't even a thing since it is a social construct , so you should n't base what is part of europe based on geography . 
  instead you should determine whether iceland is part of the social construct and it very much is . 
   iceland geographically is not in europe . 
  geographically europe does n't exist so there is actually no such thing as a european country . 
  but in reality it does exist , and iceland is very much part of it . 
  2:36 juncker in his golf cart . 
  it looks so fucking stupid all alone on this road in the middle of a meadow . 
  it would work wonders if there 'd also be a button to hide migration , terrorism and isis related posts, 
  ~ ~ nope . 
  no mods have been sacked . ~ ~ ~ ~ this campaign aimed at recruiting more mods has changed exactly nothing . 
  we have a new shitty serb nationalist mod , and the old shitty mod stays where he is since theskynet ( only mod above him ) is in complete denial . 
  the only that has changed is that the mods have shown again to be completely incompetent and we 've had a big drama about nothing . ~ ~ edit : it is done . 
  summary : / u/crnaruka is a romanian pretending to be a nationalist serb and is even known to be a dick and extreme about stuff related to the whole balkan wars . 
  fixed it . 
  in other words : * the sky is blue . 
  * * the sun is hot . 
  * * old information * * with a solution ... 
  not . 
  * edit : the sky is green the sun is ice cold . 
  what ? 
  like saying all the jews must be gassed ? 
  if this sub starts empoying neo-nazi 's as moderators the subreddit is officially dead . 
  jesus christ , has english comprehension really taken a nose dive this big in ireland ? 
  well it 's a tax . 
  i think something as fundamentally as taxes are still subject to vetos . 
  i do n't think you understand : the eu ca n't do it without ireland 's permission . 
  the lisbon treaty changes nothing about this . 
  whether or not you voted for the lisbon treaty is completely irrelevant . 
  it is a very good carrot . 
  you guys essentially voted in favour of the lisbon treaty , because your government ensured you that it ca n't do x , yet x can easily be done without the lisbon treaty . 
  well done . 
  yes , and ? 
  they did n't lie . 
  this has no correlation with the lisbon treaty . 
  memberstates like ireland can still block it . 
  report suspicious people to the mods via pm . 
  much more effective than arguing . 
  have n't heard about that nor can i find anything about it on google so i am sure it is a rumor . 
  download chrome extension hola : it masks your connection as if it comes from that country . 
  you pick uk and it will make it seem like you 're visiting from britain.i use it to watch german and american stuff too :d, 
  ... it is the ( sort of ) leader of the eu . 
  no , but it still has the same message with it . 
  as he said : our minister of justice used when he resigned , and it was all over the news . 
  everyone was talking about how he used a national socialist slogan , so it still has no good meaning here . 
  van rompuy looks so uncomfortable . 
  yeah , a bridge over land . 
  because most rich , non-corrupt and stable countries are already in the eu . 
  he thinks you 're talking about an actual bridge . 
  oh no i looked at it correctly . 
  refuting the arguments of a neo-nazi online is liking talking to an ass . 
  you 're only getting shit in return , so good luck convincing it to piss off . 
  best to just ram a boot into it . 
   again , if you feel that his arguements are so absurd/otherworldly or that he is being completely dishonest , do n't answer to him . 
  how to ruin a subreddit in just one single step : step 1 : do not say anything to the thrash of reddit that visits your subreddit . 
  allow them to be dicks on the subreddit . 
  if you do this long enough , enough thrash will come to the subreddit , that calling people out on their thrash becomes a bad thing . 
  from here on the process will reinforce yourself . 
  welcome to / r/european 2.0 . 
  if going against jerks makes you a jerk , then there is something fucked up with the subreddit . 
  except they do . 
  if you post on a subreddit that is all about blind hatred and xenoppobia , you saying `` i agree blind hatred and xenophobia are a concern '' bears no meaning . 
  you also do n't think it is a legitimate concern because of '' * hesitancy to see such a large demographic change take place is certainly understandable . 
  * '' but simply because you are racist . 
  that 's why we are not interested in what you think about it . 
  no , but actively being involved with neo-nazi tied subreddits does . 
  if you think that is fine , maybe you are n't as different anyway from neo-nazis than you think . 
  fuck off back to / r/coontown, 
  i am not discussing stuff with neo-nazis . 
  the argument has no merit , because the guy thinks his argument = fact . 
  i am not going to discuss whether rehabilitation is worthwhile , becase a neo-nazi will just see any evidence that it does work as ` leftist ' propaganda . 
  hmmm , / r/european , / r/antipozi , / r/sjwhate more than 500 karma on all combined . 
  now i know why you had the ` neo-nazi ' tag . 
   fair enough , but how overtly racist do they have to be ? 
  read the rules of the subreddit : `` it is not ok to suggest that members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting . '', 
  they can criticize immigration , but once they start talking about ` natives ' becoming a minority or generally acting as if a society where ` natives ' are a minority is a disaster , they break the rules . 
  you can also report obvious oneliners like :  do n't worry , they 're here to culturally enrich us or  sweden , yes, 
   maybe , it just feels so awful and goes against everything my heart tells me . 
  same goes for prison sentences . 
  feels like harsh sentences work , but in a paradox benine sentences actually lower criminality more . 
  report racists to the mods via modmail , they usually will look at it within a mere couple minutes . 
  seems to work . 
  no charlie hebdo attack like in france or a public beheading like in the uk has happened in sweden .
