  should we just copy them now ? 
   what about all the other disadvantaged in denmark ? 
  do they receive the same `` help '' ? 
  yes ? 
  i love how we always gloat how we in north-western europe have the best care , the least poverty and the happiest people in the world . 
  but when it comes to helping non-natives people in a similar way , we suddenly start whining about our people not getting help . 
  people in these comments talk like americans would talk about european prisons . 
  palestinian lands . 
  yeah so ? 
  i do n't see how that 's different than what i am saying ? 
  but not in advance, 
   that 's , unexpected . . what did you expect ? 
  that they 'd announce it :p ? 
  the lines of thought prevalent in places like azerbaijan or the kurds . 
  those are muslim , but they 're secular , woman are often seen without headscarfs etcetera . 
  i think like 70 % of azerbaijanis said in surveys that they do n't think religion is an important thing in life . 
  and there are still many secular muslims in europe . 
  even if they might be a minority , they still exist . 
  i have no idea . 
  you 're right . 
  why does there need to be a reformation ? 
  a more secular , humanist sect within islam already exists . 
  the only thing left to happen is for people to switch over . 
  you do n't do that by saying all muslims are n't trying to fix that , even though they 're doing more than both you and me . 
  downvote me however much you want , i 'll keep european values up regardless . 
  you as an ex muslim seem to forget that most people fighting terrorists are muslim , whilst you 're sitting on your ass . 
  i do n't know why we keep blaming muslims for not-fighting terrorism , if we are fighting terrorists less than hey are . 
  yes it will . 
  `` people who fight fire with fire usually end up ashes '', 
  if you want to ban religions you can move to iran ( which has 4 allowed religions ) or the caliphate ( only 1 ) . 
  we simply do n't run shit like that here . 
  no government can stop attacks like this . 
  you can increase your chances but it will never be 100 % safe . 
  the simple reason why this keeps happening to france mostly , is that france is a popular target ... 
  please , stop pushing your agenda during attacks like this . 
  save the discussion for later . 
   something will have to be done against its causes , that will have to ignore claims of religious freedom . 
  then you might just end western civilisation at the spot . 
  no point in it anymore if we decide to give up ` religious freedom ' for purely practical reasons . 
   if this was a terror attack , fuck it . 
  we 've lost then . 
  which makes it so much more funny that during his term he was completely overshadowed by herman van rompuy . 
  `` i do n't like muslims , they 're too homophobic . '', 
  ** votes on a conservative christian party **, 
  is very poor , very much sad . 
  again my comment remains the same : source ? 
  article clearly only talks about kissing/licking on the face . 
  not in any significant way . 
  what are you rambling about ? 
  are you now seriously bringing up `` boobs '' as an inconvenience that should convince me that woman should be barred from serving ? 
  yes , but ` halfway ' is not enough in order to convict someone for something ;, 
  [ fair enough . 
  mostly for a cheap laugh to be honest . 
  depends on if it is ` far less ' . 
  if it only requires 10 more minutes of training each training session , then we 're fucked whether we enlist women or not because apparently our militaries are so non-adaptable to situations that they ca n't change 10 minutes of their routines . 
  source ? 
  you heard me alright . 
  so once men have completed their training they never have to follow a training regime again ? 
  it 's nonsense . 
  once a female has met the standards , she is fit enough to function effectively in the unit . 
  to which school did you go ? 
  special education ? 
   a lightweight woman doing well there does n't mean she can carry heavy gear . 
  then the standard obviously is n't high enough . 
  and ? 
   they were n't real `` athletes '' , but on sport teams , training many times a week and competing . 
  they all sucked . 
  any time there was boys vs girls they were crushed . 
  i meant chubby as in slightly fat . 
  very few of the other guys were on any sort of sports team . 
  they all sucked in individual exercises too of course . 
  in my experience women excelled in sports . 
  the best were still mean , but the women could outperform their male counterparts often enough . 
  that 's nato 's fault for not setting equal bars . 
  not the biological difference between men and women . 
   the only female front line soldier would be like another prince harry to look out for . 
  assuming command is stupid enough to do that . 
  obviously once a woman is in they 'll be put in mixed units with multiple men and women . 
  i can understand the financial argument if it were times of need . 
  but come on . 
  we 're at peace , we 're prosperous . 
  paying the very small amount ( we wish training was the largest cost of our militaries ) so women that are fit enough can join the army should n't be a problem . 
  i doubt it would even really impact the budgets noticeably . 
  obviously once they 're in , the units need to be mixed . 
  you ca n't have a unit with 1 woman and a dozen men , nor can you have a unit with 1 man and a dozen women . 
  they are in fact . 
  i think about 51 % of humans were male . 
  so a slight minority is female :p, 
  because it is irrelevant . 
  if a person can meet a standard , what does it matter what their group does on average ? 
  if we 're going to pay attention to biology when looking at our soldiers instead of their capabilties , why not also look at their ethnicity . 
  as far as i know , sub-saharan africans are on average better in physical sports . 
  let 's ban white people from joining our special forces . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
   was a lazy/chubby kid but still beat all the girls at pretty much anything in gym class at school , even athletes . 
  yeah , no you did n't . 
  a female athlete can out compete a chubby kid . 
   biologically men have more physical strength than women and ? 
  just set required standards . 
  if the individual can meet them , what does it matter what the group they belong to can do on average ?
