  in this case it acts the same . 
  low government trust means that people are n't accepting what it 's doing . 
  this means that for the past couple decades , the percentage of people that ` accepted ' government policies has been dropping . 
  the guards guard themselves . 
  that 's why they 're guards . 
  the best way to do this is up for debate . 
  there are a few models , some with more democratic aspects than the others , but since a country has never fully deployed such a government , it 's hard to tell which would be best . 
  my guess would be that it 's the scientific community that does this based on someone 's expertise and experience . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  a government should make solutions that work , even if they are hated . 
   does it really ? 
  have you lived in the usa to judge about their social norms ? 
  i know i have n't and while to us here in europe it seems pretty idiotic having everyone run around with a gun it might look a tad different if you are living in the us . 
  the key word is ` look ' . 
  of course it looks create if you live in the us . 
  if you thought it was stupid you probably would n't live in the us . 
  sorry for the comparison , but i 've never lived in nazi germany either . 
  does it mean i ca n't judge the social norms of nazi germany ? 
  you do n't need to live somewhere in order to criticize the standards their . 
  i do n't live in russia either , but i can still say that the anti-gay laws are completely bullshit . 
  and i 'm not necessarily wrong . 
  the usa does have a gun problem . 
  it refuses to solve it because most americans have been raised to think there is n't one , and that the whole way us gun law is orchestrated is brilliant . 
  us media discusses gun laws a lot , a lot of it pro-gun . 
  now you might counter that here in europe we 're raised to believe the exact opposite , that guns are bad and should be banned/controlled . 
  but here in the netherlands , the subject gets virtually no attention . 
  we do n't teach our children guns are good , we also do n't teach them that they 're bad . 
  nor do we focus on it in our media . 
  we might teach them what a gun is , what it 's used for , but we rarely tell our children guns are a good way of defending yourself or guns are dangerous things that should be banned . 
  i 've never been told anything about guns . 
  some things rely on culture . 
  obviously you ca n't be the same everywhere . 
  but facts are facts , no matter where in the world you live . 
   all governments have economists . 
  they 're employed in the civil service ( so avoid the short time horizons of politicians ) rather than being in the government itself . 
  civil servants do n't make the big decisions . 
  they can make small decisions , but it 's hardly the same . 
   / u/theemuts point is still correct though . 
  economists disagree over many things . 
  one example is the financial crisis . 
  some believe that austerity was a necessity , others believe we could spend our way out of the crisis . 
  i never said it was wrong , i said that it 's not appropriate here because disagreeing economists will still make better decisions than disagreeing non-economists . 
  none 's saying that the usa is evil . 
  the usa has a gun problem it refuses to solve , it 's only natural for people to get angry when this problem kills someone who is n't even form the usa . 
   there 's plenty of dissent in areas like economics between different researchers . 
  it 's a social science people are applying mathematics to . 
  still , those disagreeing people will achieve more when making economic than people that do n't know anything about economics . 
  a government that has economists will always solve an economic problem quicker than a government that does n't . 
  whether economists are an agreeable bunch or not . 
   in any case , you clearly do n't understand how politics works . 
  if you can get that conclusion from two reddit comment we should make you dictator , because you would be able to pretty much solve any problem . 
   first of all , each member of the tk has his or her own specialization , they spend most of their time working on crime , technology , the environment , etcetera . 
  so why do they decide about economics . 
  if your specialization is crime , why are you making economic decisions ? 
  you should use the specialization for laws regarding crime , not economics . 
  we do n't have english professors giving physics or biology professors giving english at universities either . 
   if politicians need information on a subject , they have plenty of advisers and assistants , people are invited to give explanations , there 's the wetenschappelijke raad ( scientific council ) , the list goes on . 
  advice . 
  that means that anything they say , the politician can simply say : nope . 
  if a politician needs advisers and an entire scientific council to get advice on a decision , why not let those advisers and the scientific council make the decision . 
  they can make a far better choice . 
  someone who knows his shit , will always make better decisions than people who do n't know their shit but decide based on advise from people who do . 
   but in the end , there 's plenty of smart people from a similar background who disagree with each other in matters of this background !, 
  diederik samsom and i are both physicists , i disagree with him on nuclear power , for example . 
  you do n't . 
  you both agree about nuclear power . 
  you and samsom disagree about the ethics and morals . 
  one thinks nuclear power is n't moral , the other thinks it is . 
  that 's a completely different situation . 
  if there are two solutions , then we can ask people : well which one would be more moral/ethic according to you ? 
  the energy crisis can be solved by nuclear power , but it can also be solved through other means . 
  it should be the goal of politicians to decide which are the best decisions , and the people should then choose which one is most liked . 
  not the other way around . 
   politics is slow because people disagree , which is normal for the complex and varied problems politicians have to deal with . 
  that 's why you should n't have politicians making decisions about subject they know nothing about . 
  it becomes to varied . 
  we 've chosen one body , and they decide on all subjects . 
  the best solution would be multiple bodies , each focusing on a certain subject to reduce the amount of variations politicians have to deal with . 
  if that 's the point of democracy , fuck democracy twice . 
  not many people will agree that the point of a political system is to get a solution that is accepted , but does n't work . 
  and if that 's the point of democracy , it fails spectacularly because the amount of trust in the government is on an all time low . 
  if democracy 's point is to get the most popular solutions , then why are these solutions the government is implementing not popular ? 
  because they 're not the popular solutions . 
  you 're german , bashing germans ... ? 
  technocracy . 
  we need to listen to people with the appropriate background and experience . 
  are we talking about an economic question ? 
  let the economists solve it . 
  are we talking about a military problem ? 
  let veterans and military experts solve it . 
  about 10 % of dutch politicians in the tweede kamer have an economic background , half of them have studied economics . 
  so , we 've chosen a body of people , where only 1/10th has the required knowledge to solve modern day political problems . 
  democracy is choosing leaders who can convince people the most with promises . 
  very few people look at who these people actually are . 
  people vote for certain parties , based on their viewpoints . 
  not on whether those parties can fix the problems we 're dealing with . 
  only one can be changed . 
  an individual can be very smart . 
  the ` people ' are always dumb , even if there are smart people part of it . 
  you ca n't change that .
