  yes , a plasma thruster simply is n't powerful enough to thrust a larger craft . 
  using it on larger craft would make thrusting way more complicated and so slow that it really is n't worth it . 
  can we add popular comedic youtubers in certain european countries ? 
  like ` kud ' from the netherlands ? 
  it 's a popular dutch/belgian channel , especially with the youth . 
  haha the comments there :  i feel a lot safer now , knowing that students from iran wo n't be able to learn about dinosaur paleobiology, 
  you can tell which side is the most objective by looking at the background . 
  if you have to compare one side to a demonic figure in your religion and your side side to the good guy/savior in your religion , you might be biased . 
   but people get sidetracked i guess . 
  well that 's an understatement . 
   im not giving the video shit , just the concept of war . 
  this thread is about the video , why are you talking about war then ? 
  pacifist much ? 
  jesus christ this is like those vegan people giving dead serious reactions on jokes concerning meat . 
  ` bleib stehen ' sounds right to me as well . 
  in dutch it 's ` blijf staan !, 
  officially you 're a country if un members recognize you as one . 
  turkish cyprus is only recognized by turkey , all other countries see it as occupied territory . 
  do n't infinitives get swapped around in german ? 
  turkish cyprus could never be a member , in fact turkish cyprus is already part of the eu since turkish cyprus is part of cyprus . 
  turkey does n't have any anti-gay laws . 
  in fact gay support there is growing , unlike russia where they introduced anti-gay laws only recently . 
   in any case , using homophilia as a proxy for europeaness is quite absurd considering that by that standard no country at all could have qualified as being `` european '' before the 1970s or so . 
  it 's 2014 . 
  the terms for what a european country must have is dependent on the year you 're asking in . 
  in the 1970s homophilia was n't a factor , in 2014 it is . 
  russia has a gigantic part of it in asia , as does turkey . 
  but the difference between the turks and russians is that russians are a bit more a rival , economically , politically and culturally ( just look at how they treat gays , that 's the complete opposite of most of europe ) while turkey is a better ally with less conflicting views , which are more manipulable as well to most of europe . 
  russia in the eu would be a disaster at a moment like this . 
  they would get a lot of power within the eu , and we might not want that ... cyprus is obviously european , it has been greek ( culturally ) for most of its history . 
  i do n't think you could consider the ( ex ) colonies as european . 
  they are european officially by land but culture and other things are not european at all . 
  i think that if an area is far away from europe and has a different culture should n't be called european . 
   in my opinion , turkey and the turkish part of cyprus can join , as long as they 're following the rules that surround membership . 
  but i do n't doubt that turkey could manage that . 
  the turkish part of cyprus is only recognized by turkey . 
   as far as the caucasus is concerned , in my opinion georgia , armenia and azerbaijan could join just fine . 
  armenia is too dependant on russia though , so they definitely will not go for it . 
  azerbaijan is too close to turkey and to a lesser degree iran , so they probably do n't want to join either . 
  these could be european , but before they could apply to any membership , russia would have to join . 
   my biggest concern with a new country joining would be the compatibility with other european nations . 
  i 'm talking about basic shit like the views on human rights ( belarus ) same with russia indeed . 
  no , kazakhstan 's most eastern tip almost touches mongolia . 
  it 's things like this that have a really large weight to me , it would shift europe 's border all the way to china . 
  the most western tip , while technically in eastern-europe , still has a large russian area between it and ukraine and this really draws the border of europe for me , the russian part between ukraine and kazakhstan . 
  turkey , with only a small part in europe as well , has a more social/historical reason to be european . 
  they are more western and are open to influences from other parts of europe . 
  the ottoman empire out of which modern turkey came , also controlled the balkans for centuries . 
   but what about countries in the caucasus ( georgia , azerbaiyan , armenia ) , or kazakhstan , or maybe even israel ? 
  that 's asia , not europe . 
  the border is fuzzy , but it is n't this fuzzy . 
  why are n't we adding kongo as well , is kongo european ? 
   what 's your stance on turkey joining ? 
  yes , turkey is a border country and a gate to the middle-east . 
  turkey is secular enough for it to be more secularized to more western-european standards . 
   but , i 'm curious : who do you consider a european state ? 
  or where should the eu stop expanding ? 
  all countries in geographical europe , except for russia . 
  i have no idea what i 'm looking at . 
  translations please ? 
   the word carries connotations of being intentionally misleading in order to manipulate people . 
  that 's why it 's capitalized and red . 
  if the word was n't seen as something bad , there would be no point in emphasizing it like that . 
  i know , but that does n't change the meaning of propaganda . 
  my point is that you and the owner of the above picture use the word ` propaganda ' as evil even though it is n't necessarily an evil word . 
   that 's exactly the kind of doublethink that propaganda is famous for . 
  `` it 's a bad thing when they do it , but it 's a good thing when we do it '' . 
  this only applies to some occasions but not all . 
  for example : some people think the solution to traffic jams is larger roads and some people think more public transport is the solution . 
  both are n't necessarily good or bad solutions and which one you want to support depends on you . 
  murdering 20 children is bad while not murdering 20 children is good . 
  murdering children is never good no matter who you are . 
  unlike the traffic jam example , this choice is not a case of ` everything 's good of you look at it from a different angle ' . 
  murdering children is only righteous , if it prevents even more deaths but even then it 's a questionable choice . ', 
  political correctness has it that everything is gray and that nothing is black and white . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  there are a lot of things that are black and white , just as there are a lot of things that are gray . 
   dishonesty is dishonest . 
  dishonesty is n't something evil when it 's used for good . 
   if you need to exaggerate and sensationalize your arguments to make a point , it gives the impression that you 're not entirely convinced about the validity of those arguments . 
  who says that ? 
  it gives me the impression that the person with the arguments simply really wants to try and convince me , it does n't give me any impression on the strength of the other 's arguments at all . 
  `` why is belarus not in the eu ? '', 
  `` why is bulgaria in the eu ? '', 
  sounds like people want bulgaria kicked out and belarus in xd google gave me different results btw . 
  i 'm not denying it 's propaganda but ` propaganda ' is net necessarily evil . 
  propaganda is the spread of information in order to convince people to agree with you . 
  in theory , advertisements that ask for donations for cancer research are propaganda . 
  it 's just not evil propaganda . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with propagandizing against stormfront . 
  it tries to paint the situation black and white because it is . 
  we are n't 100 % good , but you and i both know that they are even further away from 100 % good . 
  saying that this is funny because it 's propaganda too is dead wrong , because one is ` good ' propaganda and the other is ` bad ' propaganda . 
  propagandizing against evil propaganda is not ` hypocrite ' or stuff like that . 
  denying homosexuality as a normal thing , is like denying the other person 's existence . 
  denying someone 's existence is n't voicing your ` opinion ' . 
  it 's hate speech . 
  you think white ` genocide ' is legit ? 
  as jarasm said . 
  water contamination is n't a huge environmental deal in poland .
