  and do you seriously i 'm going to read all of that , just so i can argue with you if nazism would 've been as bad if hitler had n't shown up ? 
   theres little similarity with any conservative christianity . 
  the kkk calls itself christian . 
  and because they stand for traditional law ( i.e no gay rights , no black rights etc ) they are conservative . 
  no matter the difference between normal conservative christians and kkk conservative christians , they are conservative christians . 
   and homophobic doesnt mean christian . 
  no shit . 
   and it also does n't even necessarily mean truly anti gay yes it does . 
  they 're the exact same thing . 
   many outspoken homophobes themselves have homosexual tendencies . 
  that does n't make them pro-gay . 
  is everything alright ? 
   your rank and file nazis probably didnt really agree with hitler , and most probably werent bad people . 
  [ oh god ] ( http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/gif/2014/03/-disappointed-gif.gif ), 
  what i mean by that is that nazism was conceived by hitler . 
  it 's not like you put it , that nazism is a political opinion that hitler took over . 
  nazism is n't only bad because hitler took over . 
  nazism is bad because it 's nazism and hitler did n't took it over , he created it . 
  was democracy taken over by the athenians ? 
  no , they created it . 
  was socialism/communism taken over by marx ? 
  no , he created it . 
  many nazis began to dislike hitler because of his personality . 
  on the whole nazism topic they still agreed fully with him . 
  it is , but to us the democrats are n't that secular , progressive either . 
  their pro-gay agenda is n't as pro-gay as in many western european countries etc. 
  they might not be as bad as republicans , but to us ( i 'm dutch ) democrats are still relatively conservative . 
  so my point stands : i do n't give a shit about their political parties . 
  the kkk was mostly conservatively christian and homophobic . 
  the fact that they were , as you state , democrats does n't change any of that . 
  that guy 's in the wrong place . 
  most of his ancestors moved to the us :p, 
  i do n't know , is murder bad because murders do it ? 
  nazism = hitler nazism is n't something that hitler took over and used for his ideas . 
  nazism is his idea . 
  you can be conservatively christian , regardless of political party . 
  especially if you compare democrats and republicans to european parties . 
  democrats are n't much less conservative than republicans from our point of view . 
  whether someone is a democrat or republican tells us nothing about their religious background . 
  most americans are all relatively conservatively christian to us . 
  indeed . 
  looking at this guy 's posting history , his entire reddit account seems to be based on posting links about islamic extremism . 
  b\u00e1r\u00f0arbunga is at least a lot better than eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull . 
  i do n't think that 's the same . 
  i understand banning veils , but tearing it of someone 's face ( and dislodging jewellery causing injury ) is n't much better . 
  in fact i think doing something like this is worse than not following a veil ban . 
  tearing a veil of someone 's face because veils are n't allowed , is a lot different from cleaning up someone else 's trash . 
  in the second situation you are n't touching someone and possibly causing injury . 
  the woman in the article was fined for wearing a veil , do n't assume that she got away and he did n't . 
  they both did something and face the consequences . 
  i know , but that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  i was saying that the islamic empire was a lot more tolerant of other ethnicities and religions than europe . 
  i really want to see that selfie . 
   islam was also used that way actually , the islamic empire in the middle ages was relatively tolerant of other religions . 
  europe not so much . 
  i saw a gif yesterday of kkk members hanging a black guy . 
  the kkk is conservatively christian . 
  this has already been said a few times . 
  pay attention . 
   besides , there is often a strange feeling of regional dissociation in europe ; many countries feel themselves closer to current events in america than to those in neighbouring countries . 
  young dutch certainly seem to know more about politics in america than in france or italy . 
  that and this ferguson thing hit the front page because of one thing : the us dominates western media . 
  no matter the subject , if it does n't happen in your own country , us news always has priority . 
  not because europeans feel ` closer ' to the us , but because it simply happens in the world 's most important superpower that also happens to have a strong position and influence in our culture and politics . 
  no one here feels particularly ` close ' to the us . 
  it just dominates our media and cultural/political sphere ( the west ) simply because it 's the us . 
  netherlands : * flevoland + 10 food * deltawerken : allows quick unit movement over water tiles in own territory that only connect to one other water tile . 
  + 2 fishing tiles, 
  yes , but what 's your point ? 
  that too . 
  all in all production is pretty good with our climate and location , combine that with the subsidises and we 're a pretty good player in international trade . 
  yes , and ? 
  you 're just jealous because your version of the celebration got taken over by the american santa claus . 
  the weather . 
  a land climate + the fact that russia is pretty northern with lots of tundra is n't good agriculture . 
  europe has a more mild climate , better for agriculture . 
  the reunification only refers to the ddr . 
  when those reunification treaties were written , prussia had already ceased to exist . 
  then you misunderstand . 
  most people think it 's a continent thus europe is a continent . 
  no matter what you think , what you think is an opinion unless most people share that opinion . 
  europe is n't a continent if you can convince everyone else to think of it as not a continent . 
  i 've seen that video . 
  i just explained it to you . 
  it 's not clearly 6 . 
  that 's the entire point of the video : that it 's not clearly 6 . 
   either way , i do n't think europe is a continent and you do . 
  that 's the end of that . 
  no , it 's not . 
  if you 're going to spew around bullshit about your opinions being fact , do n't chicken out of defending them . 
  europeans also like to distinguish themselves from the us by looking more at what sets europeans apart from americans . 
  whenever i 'm in a flame war about gun control , i can almost always count on other europeans having my back . 
  so is south-america , so is north-america , so is asia , so is africa , so is antarctica and so is australia . 
  in fact . 
  no single continent follows the original definition of the word continent : * a large landmass separated from other large landmasses by oceans . 
  there is no ocean between europe and asia , no ocean between europe/asia and africa , greenland is bigger than antarctica , no ocean between north-america and south-america . 
  so in the modern sense , a continent is a continent if people consider it to be a continent . 
  most people think europe is a continent , thus europe is a continent . 
  that 's because transnistria basically won that war . 
  the ukrainians will eventually win , unless russia intervenes as it did with transnistria .
