  choosing the first over the other is not hypocritical , it 's ethical . 
  that does n't make it any better , because a lot of people also migrate and some of these countries do not have that much immigration . 
  especially countries like poland do not have a lot of immigration . 
  i think . 
  not necessarily bad , but in our cases it is . 
   in fact depopulation is ecological and can mean a higher standard of living not if the economy is destroyed by an ageing populatio.n, 
  all countries with less than 2 should be a different colour . 
  it 's bad for a country if it 's birthrate drops below 2,1 . 
  350 million for a new palace is insane because turkey already has a presidential palace . 
  erdogan knows he 's more and more seen as autocratic . 
  what does he do ? 
  build a giant presidential palace after being elected president even though turkey already has one . 
  very stupid move . 
  til eu officials and the euobserver visit / r/europe . 
  ( fleeing behaviour )  mr. de mos puts his finger in the dike and then we no longer have to strenghten or heighten the dikes , problem solved . 
  well call me a conspiracist , but i 'll tell you that that does n't work and we need to do more to tackle climate problems '' de moss ( pvv ) :  `` instead of my finger in the dike , it might be better to put mrs. van gent in front of the dike . 
  the problem would probably be solved quicker with your size . '', 
  he was no longer allowed to continue . 
  cool , an armenia/georgia stand-off . 
  and as all internet stand offs go : we must turn towards the americans at one point . 
  americans , why did you stole the name ` georgia ' ? 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  notice the ' / s ' sign for ` sarcasm ' . 
   i tried not to be rude or condescending but considering your offensive attitude i will tell you things straight : tl ; dr. just because you fail to see the whole point , does n't mean i 'm being offensive . 
   you put scientists into power . 
  that makes those scientists technocrats , and makes your scientocracy a technocracy . 
  a technocracy is a form of scientocracy . 
  scientocracy is not a form of government , it 's a collections of forms of government of which technocracy is the biggest . 
  technocracy = scientocracy . 
  we 're not arguing semantics . 
  you do not understand the system you yourself support . 
  you ca n't have a scientocracy on it 's own . 
  you need a system that 's listed under scientocratic ways of governing , like a technocracy . 
  you need people in power and if you want to make sure those people follow the scientific method you need them to be technocrats . 
  if you put non-technocratic people in power it becomes much more likely for them to not base decisions and policies on science . 
   we need scientocratic approaches . 
  we need evidence-based decision making it 's called [ ` technocracy ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technocracy ) . 
  yes , but the public does n't notice this , so the public does n't give a shit . 
  that 's the point . 
  you 're exaggerating the effects on our working hours . 
  the majority wo n't notice changes in pay or work time . 
  holy shit . 
  the french wikipedia link actually links to the french wikipedia . 
  most people do n't care for data processing . 
  people want everyday life to change for the better . 
  if it 's neutral or bad change , they do n't want it . 
  suddenly everyone needs to keep track of waking up times and going to sleep times . 
  all the confusion of changing this , just for some vague idea of ` easier data processing ' ? 
  it 's the same as changing driving side from right to left all over europe . 
  things wo n't change , but it 's fucking annoying to suddenly overturn the whole system . 
  i think they 're ` pro freedom of choice of religion ' as long as it is a religion not called ` islam ' . 
  just look at op 's name : europeisforeuropeans . 
  is the uefa insane ? 
  us ' power is size . 
  they 've got an economy of 300 million + people that benefited greatly from the computer and electronics revolutions of the 20th century as well as the giant impulse ww2 gave the american economy . 
  rather dumb to compare it to the netherlands . 
  it completely depends . 
  most people do not like the idea of federalisation so most people would n't want to pick one language anyway . 
  you 're not questioning him with the intention of getting an answer . 
  you 're interrogating him to confirm with your own viewpoint . 
  our people are there . 
  we care about our troops , you do n't . 
  we do not care about your troops , you do . 
  that 's it . 
  you 're just being an ass . 
  you 're not questioning him , you 're interrogating him whilst insulting and demeaning him . 
  we downvote because you 're a cunt . 
  how to cause even more anti-americanism 101 . 
  0:49 minecraft eating sound . 
  cyprus is officially located in the middle-east . 
  the balkan is heavily influenced by turkey and many muslims live in the balkan ( most notably in for example albania ) thanks to this . 
  so you 're previous statement simply becomes false . 
  i was talking about us people here , not the eu/us governments . 
  oh yes . 
  i understand that . 
  what i was saying is that the guy above said we do n't care about what 's happening in serbia as long as a man who 's pro-eu is in charge . 
  i was saying that many people here might not think that man of really being pro-eu as he has been friendly with russia . 
  seems pretty reasonable actually if you have a 300 million + population spanning 28 countries plus additional countries that are influenced by it because they 're aiming for membership or have other agreements with the eu . 
  that 's about 0,33 % of the population . 
  in order to get something on the agenda of the dutch parliament you need about 0,24 % . 
   i do n't think it has to do with russia censorship was here long before `` turning to russia '' and parade . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm certain most people here are interested . 
  serbia has been cuddling up with russia , so that the government is n't that pro-eu . 
  suprise buttsex !, 
   the bla bla bla part , that you obviously did n't read , is the explanation . 
  i did read it and it was rubbish . 
   yes . 
  then there is nothing wrong with downvoting . 
  do n't call other people biased for not accepting your arguments , if you do n't accept that of others twice as much . 
   i explained why they are wrong . 
  except you did n't . 
  the last guy made a very good point but instead you went with ' i give up bla bla bla bias bla bla bla anti-russian bla bla . ', 
   how is the funding or source of military hardware relevant to the discussion whether `` pro-russian rebels '' can be translated as `` ukrainian militia '' , it 's not relevant - especially when viewed in context of previous comment ( s ) . 
  it 's very relevant . 
  it described one of the reasons we do n't consider them ukrainian . 
  they 're sponsored by russians , they are helped by russians , a lot of them are russians , their leaders are russian , their equipment is russian , they want to be russian , they name themselves russian , they name their states ` new russia ' , they speak russian . 
  and you still believe calling them ukrainian makes sense ? 
   nah , but being downvoted instantly for not having the same idea more likely for ignoring what everyone else says and immediately assume they 're rubbish arguments . 
   having people post things that are irrelevant to the discussion i have n't seen much irrelevant stuff in this discussion .
