   i 'm not saying kill all other languages , i 'm saying that they are going to die , and we should n't bother trying to delay inevitable . 
  cheering as someone drowns is still despicable , and puts you on the same boat . 
   just look at the history , that is exactly how languages die . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are languages dying , but there are enough languages doing well . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not going to die . 
  i am saying we should not stand idle as they do . 
   and you should n't feel bad , just put it where it belongs , in a museum . 
  i 'd rather see a tiger alive in the wild , than dead in a museum . 
   that 300,000 is still unclear to me . 
  the 300.000 is the 350.000 . 
  wikipedia simply has a slightly different estimate than el . 
   which is basically me saying that i believe that the world would be a better place if more people were able to communicate and so i think it would be great if people spoke the same language . 
  except it is not . 
  the guy clearly said it was better if all other languages were gone . 
  you said you agreed with him . 
   also it 's kinda sad to down-vote someone just because you disagree with them ... you get the downvotes for low quality . 
  discussing something with someone is bad if you do not even grasp the logic of your own comments . 
   and it would be the case it there were only english and latvian , but it 's not the case . 
  consider the lone livonian . 
  he would have to learn latvian because that what everyone around is talking he would n't , since he grew up in latvia it is his second native language . 
   he would have to learn english to communicate here . 
  so after learning 4 languages he would be able to communicate with around 25 % of world 's population . 
  you fail to get your own point . 
  your point is one common language for all people , kill all other languages . 
  i am saying , one common language for all people , leave all other languages . 
  so no , the entire world only needs to learn 2 languages : their native tongues and the common language . 
  this has the exact same result as you 're proposing , yet no language has to die . 
  kinmix :  imho the more languages disappear the better . 
  language is a tool for communications . 
  getting rid of languages is like tidying up your tool box it should be viewed as a good thing . 
  you :  i have to agree , i mean i can understand why it would be sad to some people since language is a part of culture , i personally speak 4 languages fluently and i love language in general , i love learning them , but as you said language is a tool for communication and i think more people being able to communicate and understand one enough is one of the ways we improve our world . 
  then why are you suggesting we should actively make them disappear ? 
  you 're not making sense . 
   but what is more important for technological innovations language differences or access to information ? 
  who says we have to chose ? 
  you speak latvian and communicate with us in english . 
  just because you speak latvian does n't mean you have no access to information , because whether you speak latvian is irrelevant to your ability to communicate with us . 
  as long as people have a common language , what other languages they speak is completely irrelevant . 
  let 's say we have 50 english speakers , 25 of whom speak latvian . 
  we want to communicate better so we ditch all unnecessary languages , so let 's ditch latvian . 
  we now have 50 english speakers , 0 of whom speak latvian . 
  progress : none . 
  destroying languages is pointless and barbaric . 
  300.000 native speakers , 470.000 total speakers in friesland . 
  600.000 is the total population of friesland ( including non-frisian speaking people ), 
   fuck your shit by the way . 
   but as you said language is a tool for communication and i think more people being able to communicate and understand one enough is one of the ways we improve our world . 
  except destroying minority languages is not going to contribute to that . 
  here in europe pretty much 100 % of the speakers of a minority language , also have either the country 's or an international language like english as their native language . 
  there 's no point in destroying minority languages on purpose . 
  there is a point in preserving them . 
  edit : wrong comment . 
   maybe you should argue with these people instead of just assuming yourself that they are wrong and are not willing to listen to others . 
  i did . 
  -200 comment karma in no time . 
  this is not an assumption , it 's experience . 
  syrizia is not the only party suggesting they 'd want to stop tax evasion . 
  this has been a point for some time . 
  people that do not bother listening to other 's , and instead argue with them purely based on assumptions . 
  like here , atleast 3 of the 4 comments talk about how he is unwilling to learn german , except the video ( as clarified above ) does not tell this at all . 
  it is an assumption made to get their point across , whether it is right or wrong . 
  threads like these become little anti-immigrant circlejerks . 
  agree that the only solution is sending them back the moment they arrive , or get downvoted . 
  people do n't want clarification . 
  people hear what they want to hear , whether it is fact or not . 
   no i 'm not . 
  i 'm suggesting people should put money where their mouth is . 
  then stop with the populist nonsense . 
  telling people ` if you want it , go do it yourself ' is an empty statement . 
  it contributes nothing and disrespects the other 's arguments . 
   up until the point that the community should be the one footing the bill . 
  so you actually admit you do not respect the opinion of other people if they are not your own . 
   we did n't made it a mess on purpose , we 're just still exploiting the continent and that has it 's fall outs . 
  companies like shell literally control some governments , and there 's no reason to believe more european elite is n't fist deep into the average african dictatorship/skewed democracy if there 's something to be made within it 's borders . 
   in one case we treat them as if they are n't capable of achieving it on their own , while in the other we treat them like they 're able to achieve it on their own . 
  there 's quite a difference in mentality there , don ; t you agree ? 
  besides that many organisations and media have consistently portrayed africans as some pathetic bunch . 
  i dare wager the majority of europeans have no idea how life is in some of the better states of africa . 
  this is all part of a modern mild form of racism where we pretend or think europeans are superior and they are obliged to help poor africans . 
  the only thing that makes us superior is the fact that we 've been given an education and raised with enough food , peace and prosperity as to be able to think about other things in life than to survive . 
  giving them a bag of grain is in my view a form of racism , giving them a plough is admitting that they do not have enough means to develop themselves , so we give them the means to do so . 
  again , empty air and no arguments . 
  assumptions , assumptions . 
  you even managed to use racism as an excuse to leave people in the shitter . 
  wow . 
   that people who are such large supporters of mass immigration should facilitate that themselves , and not leave it to the community which has a lot of people that do n't support it . 
  sorry mate . 
  we live in a democracy , if the majority of the ` community ' wants it , it will happen . 
  i am also free to advocate any policy i 'd like . 
  the whole ` if you want it , do it yourself ' applied to politics is something 5 year olds do . 
  it is not a proper argument . 
   if you want , you can do a lot for these people . 
  many people already welcome them in their own home and help them adapt to the new environment . 
  probably works better than throwing them en masse in between 4 fences in a village with 100 inhabitants . 
  you 're also making massive assumptions about my actual . 
  i guess that as long as it is n't agreeing with you , what my actual point is is irrelevant to you . 
  just claiming i support mass immigration and that i support putting people in a village with almost no people is of course a very easy way for you to discredit me without actual arguing against any of my points . 
  you 're whole ` well if you want to x , do y ' is nothing but populist bullshit . 
   the fact they are running away from it ?
