  i never said that the above picture ca n't be europe and i never claimed that there are no palm trees near the mediterranean and i am not saying that no palm trees means this ca n't be europe . 
  maybe you should n't read comments then , since you ca n't interpret them . 
  because let 's look at the last two comments : me :  i 've been to the mediterranean like 5 times in all my life . 
  plural does not mean ` all ' . 
  just like saying ' i have 5 euro 's ' does n't mean i 've got all the euro 's . 
  you :  then you should n't be posting comments like that so basically , what you 're saying is that i should n't post comments with plurals , because people like you might think i 'm saying that i 'm speaking in absolutes . 
  is that true ? 
  no , you were referring to my first comment . 
  this is the weird thing with language , it 's not always literal and it 's not always in chronological order . 
  instead of taking all my comments literally , try to read them like a human being that is able to understand figurative language . 
  mandatory dutch history in schools ( not if you choose to study history , but what every child is taught ) : stone age , ancient egypt , romans , middle ages , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , renaissance , industrial revolution , industrial revolution , industrial revolution , industrial revolution , industrial revolution , world war 1 , world war 2 . 
  i 've been to the mediterranean like 5 times in all my life . 
  plural does not mean ` all ' . 
  just like saying ' i have 5 euro 's ' does n't mean i 've got all the euro 's . 
  that does n't explain it . 
  i explicitly said that i ca n't speak for the entire mediterranean coast , but still people assume i claim to know exactly how the mediterranean coast looks like . 
   so you have no care that the scottish people would have been made worse off by voting for independence ? 
  the only thing i care about is that the scottish people could vote about it and that both sides would keep their promises after they 'd won . 
  we 've done the first part , now we must wait and see how the second part will do . 
   it seems they did care though and that is enough of a reason for them to have voted no to independence for independences sake . 
  they have voted ` no ' . 
  but once again , this does not mean that supporting independence because of independence 's sake is a bad/weird thing . 
  what you 're doing is repression : independence because of independence sake is a invalid argument , thus independence is a bad idea that should n't be followed through . 
  surely that 's for the scots themselves to decide . 
  it has nothing to do with whether you need a good reason for independence . 
   explain to me here , i 'll explain :  you 're heavily exaggerating the negative effects . 
  it 's not like scotland would 've suddenly turned into a third world country . 
   independence would 've been bad economically ... 
  so  you seem to forget those political values are available to them because of the system they currently live under . 
  if they really did live under a repressive state where independence would have been a good thing that they would n't have actually got to vote on it . 
  no idea what you 're getting at here . 
  are you saying that an independent scotland would 've been a repressive state where the ` no ' side would 've been silenced ? 
  you 're heavily exaggerating the negative effects . 
  it 's not like scotland would 've suddenly turned into a third world country . 
  independence would 've been bad economically , but how many people would it really have mattered to ? 
  how many people would 've gotten so poor they could no longer feed their families ? 
  not that much . 
  a couple thousand , maybe a couple ten thousands . 
  scotland has a population of 5,3 million . 
  if 2,6 million had votes ` yes ' they 'd be independent . 
  are you saying that 2,6 million ( or 5,3 million depending how you look at it ) are supposed to abandon their political values , because of a couple thousands ? 
  your vote has also contributed to people getting poorer . 
  you have also once voted on a government that has made decisions that made a couple people poorer . 
  are you willing to stop voting , so that no longer politicians would make people poorer with your consent ? 
  then do n't be mad if a couple million people are n't willing to give up their vote . 
  i 'm not saying salmond is right in saying this . 
  i think he is overreacting , but his concern is still honest though , albeit a bit early . 
  calling him a sore loser does n't do him justice really . 
  this is exactly the attitude @busypedro meant . 
  independence for independence sake , is the most purest reason to become independent . 
  if a people want to become independent , no matter the economic/political consequences , than that 's one of the noblest ways to be pro-independence . 
  far superior to the ` if we become independent , we 'd have a large part of europe 's biggest oil reserves for ourselves . ', 
  the catalan 's reason to become independent because they contribute more to spain than they get , is one of their worst reasons to do so . 
  in this case the ` no ' vote won , but supporting independence for the sake of independence is in no way a dishonorable or foul thing . 
  i really ca n't believe the backlash he 's getting here . 
  he openly admitted defeat and resigned and respected the outcome of the referendum . 
  now westminster seems to not keep their promises , and alex salmond speaks against it , and suddenly he 's a sore loser . 
  we 've still got to see what westminster is going to do exactly . 
  but if they even break a single tiny little promise , westminster is going to be a much sorer winner , than salmond would ever be a loser . 
  outdated . 
  a new report published only a few days ago moved the cap from 10 billion to 13 billion . 
  with access to better information , better algorithms and the likes , they 've found out it 's actually closer to 13 billion than 10 . 
  i know i have n't . 
  i explicitly said :  i ca n't speak for every single piece of coast along the mediterranean of course . 
  why are people suddenly assuming i 'm a bad mediterranean expert all of the sudden ? 
  yes , in the places i 've been i have n't seen palm trees . 
  but to quote myself again for all the blind people on this subreddit :  i ca n't speak for every single piece of coast along the mediterranean of course . 
  seriously , why is everyone here so keen to start a flame war ? 
  right . 
  the basques i guess . 
  does n't look like europe . 
  i 've never seen palm trees on spanish or italian coasts . 
  i ca n't speak for every single piece of coast along the mediterranean of course . 
  seeing as there are atomic bombs under the table and american flags on the maps , i guess this is more about the post-war american capitalist backed european cooperation , rather than the allied forces . 
  [ wut ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/double-take.gif ), 
   you need to stop looking at it purely from geological terms . 
  it 's considerably more than that this is the thing . 
  you must n't respond to this question solemnly based on culture . 
  because if we base our answer on culture : canada , new zealand and australia are not valid answers , because they are dominantly european in culture . 
  thus australia , canada and new zealand are european . 
  if we base it on geography : canada , new zealand and australia are valid answers to the question . 
  russia is not because geographically it 's european too . 
  it 's a good idea to take geography in account for a big part , because russia not being a valid answer makes more sense than australia , canada and new zealand not being valid answers . 
  so we need to answer based on a mix of cultural reasons and geographical reasons . 
  now you want to think in 3 entities : europe , eurasia and asia . 
  but since we also need to take into account geography ( australia , canada and new zealand must be valid answers , so they must n't be european . 
  they 're european in culture , so we make them valid answers based on geography ) those 3 entities ca n't exist at the same time . 
  so you have 3 choices : either you base the answer on culture : new zealand , australia and new zealand are valid answers and so is russia because culturally it 's eurasian , neither european nor asian . 
  or you base our answer on geography : new zealand , australia and new zealand are not valid answers and neither is russia because geographically it 's eurasian ( and thus european as well ) or you base it on both : new zealand , australia and new zealand are valid answers , but russia is n't . 
  eurasia , europe and asia can only exist at the same time if we 're talking about culture ( european culture is not eurasian culture , eurasian culture is not european culture , asian culture is n't eurasian culture etcetera ) but if we talk about it geographically , you either call the entire thing eurasia , or you split it into europe and asia and call countries that are split european and asian a.k.a eurasian . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  european and asian can mean a mixture of european and asian culture just as much as eurasian . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasia eurasia does not refer to the countries split between europe and asia . 
  it 's all of europe + all of asia . 
  every country on that map in green is eurasian . 
  you ca n't claim russia is n't european because it 's eurasian . 
  because that 's almost the same as saying : australians are n't from oceania , they 're from australia . 
  australia is part of oceania . 
  everyone from australia is from oceania as well . 
  it is , but that would make germany and china eurasian as well .
