  call me all you want . 
  i am not stopping being a ` petty troll ' until others stop pushing the kremlin agenda on this subreddit . 
  so if you want to stop me from being inflammatory it 's very simple : be actually neutral like you 're pretending to be , by not supporting pro-russian trolls on this subreddit like you have been doing in this thread . 
  no , i am talking about the chinese flag . 
  if you 're flying around the flag of the people 's republic of china , you 've no right to complain about propaganda in other states . 
  you are literally flying the flag of one that does it a couple times worse than any european state . 
  if you see that as xenophobic then that 's your tunnel vision . 
  i know . 
  that 's the definition of ` pretty much everyone ' : most but not all . 
  btw using your logic you just admitted that there are hidden intentions behind your opinion about open mindedness . 
  they are regularly posted on this sub . 
  not my job to compile them for you . 
  russian troops and separatist are often the very same . 
  these guys are most likely both . 
   it 's good to see a smile , this is suggestive that you open-minded possibly . 
  i actually put the smile up there on purpose becomes it can come across sometimes as passive-aggressive . 
  no need to act as if you 're the one open minded . 
  pretty much everyone here looks right through it  . 
   you 're not here to have a conversation with people you 're completely right . 
  i 'm here to flame a kremlin troll . 
   that you 're here to spread eu propaganda . 
  chinese flag = comment about propaganda invalid . 
  qed all you like . 
  it does n't change anything , 
  found the kremlin troll . 
  100 points on me . 
  never said it would . 
  in a full out war i think china would support europe if we promised them a bit of siberia and cheaper gas once europe brings russia on it 's knees . 
   news like this gets even upvoted . 
  i found that piece of information pretty shocking though . 
  i do n't know . 
  perhaps an error with the ' \u0142 ' ? 
  they 're mainly doing sub-orbital flights . 
  equator comes really in handy if you 're trying to get in a full orbit . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ed/flag_of_mars.svg/900px-flag_of_mars.svg.png ), 
  it 's ukrainian :  gliwice-on-don ? 
  probably refers to : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gleiwitz_incident, 
  i do n't know . 
  the ukrainian army is no georgian army . 
  it 's going to be tougher than the russo-georgian war of 2008 . 
  any updates on this ? 
  really ? 
  what country are you planning on going if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  no shit . 
  ask on / r/america how big their healthcare bills are . 
  you will not be liked . 
  same here . 
  i 'm not saying op literally meant it that way and i 'm also not saying that poverty is non-existent here : but asking on a political subreddit of a country/region how to eat out of dumbsters and phrase it like :  where and what kind of food people eat out of garbage in your neighborhood ? ', 
  the message it ( unintentionally ) sends is that apparently the people here must be knowledgeable about how to eat out of dumbsters . 
  implying that a lot of people in europe do , which implies there are enough people in europe that are forced by poverty or other stuff to eat from dumbsters . 
  now for the billionth time for any political correct idiot that 's reading this : i am not saying they do not exist and i am not saying everyone who does it is somehow low , poor or pathetic . 
  the swedish student example you gave was a good one , but dumpster eating like that is not a giant thing here in europe . 
  what i 'm saying is that the question itself phrased like this , is implying that europe is some kind of place where poverty reigns widespread . 
  the question would n't be rude if it were phrased better ( we do n't know if op meant it as i explained or if he simply phrased it incorrect ) , or if it was posted on a less political subreddit . 
  there are enough subreddits that are fit for questions like this . 
   posnania is polish . 
  yes and i 've got black hair , what 's your point ? 
   maybe they 're interested in going dumpster diving as well , but did n't phrase it properly . 
  that 's an assumption . 
  the question is like it is , unless op makes clear he phrased it wrong . 
  that does n't change the fact that it 's plain out rude to go to a country/regions subreddit and blatantly ask : how do you eat of dumbster ? 
  europe is not north-korea . 
  people here do n't eat out of dumbsters here . 
  the only real time this happened a lot was in greece during the immense problems , like two years ago . 
  going to a european subreddit and asking how to eat out of dumbsters is something a redneck might ask . 
  i mean , look at it :  where and what kind of food people eat out of garbage in your neighborhood ? 
   that sounds really expensive . 
  are they charging the people submitting these takedown requests ? 
  the billions of unpaid tax should make up for it . 
  what i mean with that sentence is that , european politicians really focus and not doing stuff that could severely ruin their image . 
  it 's much more important to try and win votes with a successful campaign and not looking like an idiot , than to make public appearances or do other stuff that might make you ` popular ' . 
  like those pictures of obama in the white house pretending he gets caught in the web of a boy playing spiderman . 
  you 'll never really see something like that here . 
  from the article :  the main task of the agency is to coordinate projects related to the space sector and polish participation in the european esa . 
   pols ( name of polish space agency ) is to coordinate the activities of the sector , which today are scattered among different institutions and ministries , identify interesting and important applications , create their own laboratories , improve knowledge sharing , etc. 
  this poland space agency is created , in order to connect poland 's space industry , with it 's organisations that are part of the esa , so poland 's space industry can be put to better use . 
  it 's not a poland-only space agency we 're talking about . 
  all of poland 's space missions , will be launched as esa missions , and the esa uses either kourou or baikonour . 
  private space missions from poland are simply launched via contractors . 
  poland is already part of the esa , this agency is only created in order to coordinate all of poland 's facilities for more efficient use within the esa . 
  haha yeah . 
  but all districts of warsaw should have their own launching facilities , so all districts are not depended on each other when it comes to launching their shit xd, 
   would a school child in spain be able to name the president of france ? 
  would an adult ? 
  i think that a lot of teenagers and pretty much every adult knows the presidents of major countries like germany , france and the uk . 
   i got to wondering , is `` liking '' political figures a weird thing to do on social networking in europe as a whole ? 
  i do n't really expect merkel to have more likes than a sports star on facebook , but the numbers for the european leaders were small , even adjusted for population , compared to u.s. figures . 
  the us presidents and presidential candidates are much more like celebrities in the us . 
  they regularly do things in public , like interviews or public speeches etcetera . 
  here in western-europe at least , politicians are less seen as celebrities and do less things in public , relying more on their campaigns and not doing stupid shit than improving their image by doing stuff that might make them popular . 
  i also must add that politics in the us is much more ` violent ' than here in europe . 
  i think that also has a little bit to do with it . 
  here in europe it 's the norm that politicians do n't attack each other ( verbally ) . 
  you 'll rarely find a party saying bad things about other parties/politicians . 
  it 's mostly populist parties that do that . 
  in the us , you 've got two parties ( which increases rivalry ) that are really pitted against each other . 
  that makes it more personal and less professional . 
  science . 
  especially in the engineering sciences there is little unemployment , more so in the near future .
