  `` hmm maybe everyone who disagrees with me , just has a different opinion on the root and the solution , rather than denying the problem entirely '' . 
   while the right would say that culture is a big determinant of success of immigrants . 
  i do n't have to draw examples about how some of the most recent jihadists were college educated , we know this now . 
  so was the una-bomber and many other famous killers and terrorists . 
  no one 's saying education is a foolproof net to stop extremists or criminals , but it is a fact that educated and well-earning groups of people experience less crime . 
  educated muslims can still bomb people , but if you look you 'll see a difference between poor uneducated muslims and the rich educated muslims . 
  white people tend to be richer and more educated , this does n't mean rich white people never committed crimes . 
   plus where are the extreme vietnamese boat people , who came to europe in droves ? 
  ... the netherlands only has 19,000 vietnamese people . 
  of course there are criminal vietnamese , but if your group is only 0,1 % of the population . 
  besides , the vietnamese population is n't as poor or uneducated as you might think . 
  translated : `` a famous image in the netherlands is the vietnames loempia stand ( dutch people love loempia 's , you can find them a lot on marketplaces ) , many other vietnamese work in the fishing industrie . 
  they 're known as good and quick workers , which is why unemployment are rare in their communities . 
  even in higher qualified work , vietnamese fare fairly well . 
   exactly . 
  we have problems . 
  but that does n't mean it 's absolutely fine that we 've imported new ones . 
  problems exist to be solved , not to be ignored . 
  hey , was n't that a leftist thing ? 
  ignoring problems ? 
  we 're not going to kick aside european values , just because some asinine people are only willing to take the easy road . 
  there 's a reason successful democracies and societies as open and tolerant as our 's are relatively rare . 
  hell even in europe we still have homophobic countries . 
  the reason is that they 're hard to built and maintain . 
  standing up for them is hard work . 
   north african immigrants are disproportionately represented in french prisons . 
  it 's not that crime is unique to these neighburhoods . 
  it 's that it 's disproportionately higher . 
  often unbelievably so . 
  i know , i 've written an entire comment to explain it . 
   neither islamists nor nationalists are about to take power . 
  nice conclusion that article has . 
   how dangerous do they have to be before policy reflects this danger ? 
  as dangerous as they 're saying . 
  they 're not . 
  there are not sharia patrols , assaulting people in the streets of western europe , there are no streets where whites are regularly assaulted for being white . 
   many on the left say immigration is independent of such crime areas while those on the right say actually you can draw a pretty straight line from rising immigration to ghettos and crime rates so let 's do something about that now before it gets worse . 
  this whole idea of it 's not that dangerous is foolish head-in-the-sand nonsense that irritates lots of people . 
  the equivalent of bickering about how long you have before the ship sinks . 
  no , people not agreeing it 's dangerous in the way right-wingers think is what irritates right-wingers . 
  i agree that these neighbourhoods are dangerous and that something needs to be done about them . 
  let 's take the calais jungle as the worst example , which is basically a slum right here in france . 
  i think it should be demolished , and the people living there registered with force if need be . 
  but pretending that these area 's are now controlled by evil sharia abiding muslims puts the focus away from the real problems of these neighbourhoods . 
  these are n't caliphates in europe , they 're backwards , poor , uneducated , crime ridden neighbourhoods . 
  seeing them as islamic states 2.0 gives a false impression of the problems , which will result in the wrong policies . 
  of course there is the link between immigration , no leftist denies it . 
  the difference is that the leftist thinks that poverty and non-education are the roots of the problem . 
  not the immigration itself . 
  leftists are n't sticking their heads in the sand , that 's the strawman invented by the alt-right . 
   in sweden camera crews are assaulted in certain neighborhoods . 
  is that bad enough ? 
  how bad must it be ? 
  where 's the scale ? 
  and why must we wait that long ? 
  it also happens here , in complete white neighbourhoods . 
  i can give you multiple video 's of an alt-right camera team that often goes to things like demonstrations , where they get heckled by all sorts of people . 
  turns out people are just shitbags , and these things can happen anywhere . 
  the guy you are agreeing with said this :  put a zero-tolerance policy in affect and allow the cops to shoot-to-kill when assaulted . 
  --  of course there 's nothing between suspending the law and order and shooting people on sight . 
  you 're not very close to the center either , very far off in fact . 
  apparently there 's also nothing between suspending law and order , and shooting people for anything that can be defined as `` assault '' . 
  you do realise that the definition of `` assault '' is pretty large ? 
  a single punch can be called `` assault '' . 
  if you 're a policeman and you think it 's reasonable to shoot the moment someone even touches you a little too hard , you should n't be police . 
  so yes , i would call it shooting on sight . 
  even the smallest thing can be listed as `` assault '' and policemen will use it as an excuse . 
  we even see that in the us . 
  `` i shot him because i thought he might 've had a gun '' `` okay , all charges dropped '' . 
  you 're giving a blank card to policeman , to use unnecessarily violence , which can only backfire . 
   if there was no political correctness these officers would n't be there , but specialized units would be there on a zero-tolerance basis for as long as it takes until law returns . 
  yeah no . 
  if zero-tolerance special units shoot people on sight in my neighbourhood , i just move . 
  it is literally that easy . 
  `` they 're patrolling the streets and shooting as soon as we get a little too obvious '' `` alright , we 're moving base to the other side if the city '' . 
   muslims go to their imam 's to settle their disputes , instead of taking things to court . 
  okay ? 
  and ? 
  if i talk my problems out with a priest , how are we running the neighbourhood with christian law ? 
  they can settle disputes however they want with their imam , it does n't have any legal weight , just as a settlement with your priest does n't or with anyone else . 
   the leftist media wants to appear politically correct at all time , they can argue all day about the strict meaning of `` no go '' , these areas do exist . 
  i love how all the leftist media is covering this up , yet no leftist denies these exist . 
  my sister was once attacked by people with fireworks in one of these where she did a paper round , but it was an all white neighbourhood/non-muslim neighbourhood . 
  leftists do not deny there are troubled neighbourhoods , they just disagree that they 're as dangerous as right-wingers make them see . 
  i did my paper round in the same area for at least two year , the worst that ever happend to me was some kid calling me names . 
  it 's like my dad . 
  every time something like this comes up , he suggests we should just hang every muslim , my mum and me roll our eyes . 
  he then calls us `` naive '' to the `` muslim problem '' . 
  no dad , we simply do not advocate for mass murder ... 
  but hey , you see that some neighbourhoods have a higher than average crime rate , must be a giant conspiracy to force globalist multiculturalism on us , right ? 
  go back to r/conspiracy please . 
  said no one ever . 
   individual countries wo n't solve the banking crisis , they wo n't solve the refugee crisis , they wo n't solve climate change , we need the eu for that . 
  wow . 
  pro-eu guy : `` we can only solve these problems with more eu '' . 
  who would 've guessed ? 
  try to convince the people that are anti-eu that : you wo n't . 
  i 'm not saying whether less or more or the same amount of eu is going to fix the problems . 
  i am only saying : they 're not being fixed , and that 's the only thing people look at , and they 're not going to trust your word when you say more eu solves it . 
  people do n't care about hypothetical situations like : `` what if the eu was like this or that or so '' .
