   writting mistake . 
  yeah i figured . 
  but they did n't just get community work . 
  they got probation . 
  probation means you can get a harsher sentence ( jail time ) then the current one ( communtiy work ) if they fuck up even a little . 
  once they fuck up , even by just a minor crime , they 're going to jail . 
  so i do n't think this leaves the impression that they can get away with worse , it leaves the impression that they 're now more likely to be sentenced and punished for smaller crimes than they 've currently committed . 
  they 've been told that they have one [ ` get out of jail , free ' card ] ( http://www.mycitybynight.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/get-out-of-jail-free-card.jpg ) and that they 've just used it by licking someone . 
  ` funny ' can also mean ` odd ' . 
   if you force a woman to kiss and lick her face it shows respect for her . 
  til . 
   next step could be more serious sexual attack ( rape ) . 
  luckily we do n't sentence people for crimes they have done , and not for crimes they might do . 
   and believe me forced kiss/stranger licking your face is much worse that it reads . 
  again . 
  til . 
  i was once kissed without consent . 
  i was swimming in the pool with my little sister when i stuck my head out of the water and an ( young ) adult with down syndrome grabbed my head and kissed me in the face . 
  now i would feel violated if he had raped me , but that was n't the case . 
  it was just a kiss/lick ... 
  have a nice day !, 
   a hate crime is not only `` omfg i hate women '' but also `` women are inferior and if i want i can feel them regardless what they want '' to you : no . 
  to german law : yes . 
  in order for it to be a hate crime it needs to be motivated by `` woman are inferior thus i sexually assault them '' . 
  but here the motivations are `` i want to lick a woman 's face '' and `` let me help you with that '' . 
  the fact that they had no respect for the rights and privacy of the victim are a reason for them to follow up on their motivations . 
  let 's take race as an example : i hate black men , so when i saw one all on his own i beat him up . 
  =  i hate black men is the motivation , i saw them alone is the reason i decided to beat this particular one up . 
  i want to punch someone , there 's a black guy over there and i do n't care what happens to black men , so i 'm going to punch him . 
  =  i want to punch someone is the motivation , i do n't care what happens to black men is the reason for punching this particular guy . 
  hate crime in the first , assault in the second . 
  sounds very nit picky of course , but this is how law works . 
   he also licked her face murder !, 
  manslaughter !, 
  no , but seriously . 
  a lick on the face suddenly makes a forced kiss that much worse ? 
  i mean , it 's disgusting but i do n't see the increased severity . 
   we are talking borderline fingering in public combined with robbery , not just licking and kissing . 
  source ? 
  in the article it 's clearly kissing/licking on the face . 
  which although bad is n't close to fingering a woman without consent . 
  if he had actually fingered her , the punishment should 've been higher and it most likely would 've been higher . 
  but he did n't . 
   execute the sex offenders with cruise missiles ? 
  [ funnily enough execution by cannon was a thing . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/be/vereshchagin-blowing_from_guns_in_british_india.jpg ), 
  i do n't think so . 
  the target 's gender has to be the reason for the crime . 
  like : `` omfg i hate women '' . 
  the actual reason is because the perpetrators were/are horny fucks that do n't give a shit about your privacy/rights . 
   such a research will be considered `` racist '' and left without funding . 
  if the results will support the original claim , the research will be claimed twice as racist , it 's author will be labelled a nazi and ostracized . 
  that is how it works these days . 
  `` help everyone calls me racist '' says the man who no one calls racist but just ca n't find support for his ideas . 
  i can remember a hundred times past year someone complained that their side of the argument was being falsely called racist , and only a dozen occasions where someone actually called another racist ... 
  the ' i am being suppressed because people keep saying my ideas are racist ' excuse is becoming a more abused red card than ` you 're racist ' is . 
  there is a lot of research about the effects of someone 's background ( culture , nationality , social class , income etc ) on crime . 
  nobody is calling that racist or nazi , and no authors are being ostracised for it . 
  countries regularly posts crime statistics , which often include people 's ethnic backgrounds . 
  no shits shat by anyone . 
  the answer is pretty simple . 
  you need to get those groups to school . 
  you need to train them to professions that are useful . 
  the truth is that a lot of people that come to see asylum would very much like to work , but they 're either impaired because they lack things like language skills that many natives would 've learned in school , or because they do not have skills in areas were employment is high . 
  the problem is that pretty much every single european country that has this problem focuses foremost on preventing asylum seekers from coming and housing the ones that do come , that they 're neglecting the migrants once they do get their asylum . 
  it 's laughable . 
  sinds our current government , all asylum seekers in the netherlands must fund their own integration courses ( which you 'd think would be very important in these times when we fear the migrants might radicalise or bring radicalised people with them ) . 
  with situations like that it is no wonder those groups experience high unemployment . 
   well if and when their asylum application is accepted they move to standard welfare . 
  i.e government pays housing , free money per month etc. 
  that only makes sense . 
  they 're now residents of the country and thus the rules apply to them as they do to everyone . 
   basically living on welfare is more or less the norm in the immigrant groups where most of these asylum seekers belong to . 
  in the long term it 's not sustainable of course and everyone with a brain realizes this . 
  the taxes ca n't keep going up indefinitely so the only solution is to cut the welfare which will probably happen in like 10-20 years , and these cuts will apply to all , finns and refugees alike . 
  then the logical thing to do , is to make sure the immigrant groups become more productive . 
  instead of increasing taxes/cutting benefits . 
  i 'm always surprised by this dichotomy . 
  there are more roads leading to rome , besides cutting benefits ( for all or for select groups ) or raising taxes . 
   generous benefits the allowance for asylumseekers is 92,30 euro 's per month if they choose to have free meals at the refugee centers and if they are a parents . 
  for non-parents it is 76,01 euros and for minors 59,72 . 
  if you choose to not stay at a refugee center and prepare your own meals , it is 314,91 per month at most ( single parent ) . 
  in a week that is 72,67 . 
  a finnish citizen , a parent with one child , gets at it 's lowest ( labour market subsidy ) which is 189,75 . 
  i would n't consider it ` generous ' if the money that is given to you freely is 2.5 times less than what then the lowest any other person would get . 
  but fair enough , that does n't make it any less ` free ' . 
  however just simply describing it as ` free money ' is not that nuanced when you consider that there are requirements : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/finland/12040552/finland-says-asylum-seekers-should-work-for-free-and-learn-about-womens-rights.html, 
   europe 's free money for all comers policy . 
  brilliant nuance . 
  also : australia speaks english and is more foreigner friendly . 
  japan ? 
  no refugee/migrants wants to go to japan . 
  the economy although big is not really that easy to get into when compared to western countries . 
  the language is a huge barrier , why go to japan when there are places like australia just a right turn away ? 
  japan is nearly not as foreigner friendly when it comes to middle-eastern people compared to western countries . 
  japan is probably one of the worst developed nation you could go to as a middle-eastern refugee/migrant . 
  we 're talking about the same quote and the same context . 
   check out what he said about islam  yeah those quotes struck me as a bit funny at first but then i saw the founder of modern singapore saying the same thing , so i guess there were historical problems that we have failed to realise . 
  i found it funny that they both did n't call it `` islam '' , but rather `` mohammedism '' . 
  now there 's only one quote in which he referred to islam as mohammedanism ( he did n't , he called a certain extreme group within islam ` mohammedanism ' . ),
