  i 'm also pretty militaristic when it comes to foreign policy . 
  i think sanctions should be much tougher on russia , we should have given some support to ukraine or tried to use more force more directly . 
  i am really disappointed in the decision to not send any military personnel to the mh17 crash site . 
  i also think we should pressure a lot more on the northern coast of africa . 
  maybe a un-mandate kind of something in libya and possibly other north-african countries . 
  we get some control of your country and we 'll prevent illegal immigration over the mediterranean and use your deserts for example for solar power . 
  in exchange will help stabilize the country and help you out economically . 
  i really hate the ` we should n't let things escalate ' opinion . 
  sometimes things need to escalate . 
  that 's what i miss a bit about pre-ww2 europe . 
  take more action instead of trying to solve everything diplomatically . 
  not saying we should actively practice war here in europe though . 
   journalists shabinin says that some younger kaliningrad residents began viewing themselves as `` prussians rather than russians . '', 
  whether or not you think trying to ` resurrect ' ` prussia ' is a viable thing . 
  i actually think this is kind of fascinating . 
  i think most younger kaliningrad residents are of russian origin , not prussian . 
   of course , if you 're the kind of person who feels threatened and insecure by reason , to the point of mocking it like you did in this paragraph , there 's no way you 're going to understand your inflammatory comments just remove credibility to the side you think you 're supporting by posting them . 
  of course i feel threathened . 
  the past few months more and more subreddits have been getting more pro-russian . 
  i do n't want this happening to subreddits i visit . 
   there 's no way you 're going to understand your inflammatory comments just remove credibility to the side you think you 're supporting by posting them . 
  i do n't care if they remove my credibility . 
  as long as this subreddit does n't become the billionth subreddit to lose it 's ` somewhat ' neutrality , i do n't care how much credit you think i have . 
   from my neutral perspective ahaha . 
   for one would rather not have any trolls from any venue . 
  me neither , but pro-russian trolls have sadly made it a necessity . 
   while you 're just contributing for this sub to become infested with pro-eu trolls instead . 
  that solves nothing . 
  it does solve something if it prevents it getting infested by pro-kremlin trolls . 
   that just makes this sub equally inadequate for intelligent debate . 
  no , what 's making this sub inadequate for intelligent debate is the increase in pro-russian rhetoric . 
  there 's a lot of bullshit in favor of the kremlin flying around the internet these days . 
  banning it is more free speech than allowing it . 
  this is a european subreddit , banning non-european opinions will always be preferable to european opinions being banned . 
  the best way to prevent this subreddit from swinging to the russian side , is by preventing russian trolls form spewing their propaganda around here . 
  you might think that banning anything will result in one sides debate , but it 's actually the fact that we 're allowing russian bullshit that 's threatening reasonable debate . 
   if indeed you want to make this sub a better place , you should always fight inflammatory discussions with reason , not with more inflammatory comments . 
  i have my doubts those are your intentions though . 
  it 's very obvious that all you want is to turn this sub into a pro-eu echo chamber/circlejerk where everyone agrees with you and makes you feel safe . 
  intelligent debate is the opposite , it takes you out of your comfort zone . 
  learn to not be a troll when you 're uncomfortable . 
  than you 're mistaking . 
  i want to allow every single opinion . 
  but what i do not support is russian propaganda . 
  i 'd rather have this be a pro-eu cirle-jerk than the next subreddit to be taken over by russian trolls . 
  what you and another mate of yours are doing is spreading russian propaganda . 
  so do n't act all innocent talking about allowing opinions . 
  what you 've been saying here are n't innocent opinions , they 're propaganda . 
   it 's very sad that you ca n't see that any form of propaganda is bad and the fact that you agree with one type of propaganda is part of the problem . 
  it breeds your type of behavior . 
  you 're fine with an agenda or propaganda as long as it makes you think you feel safe . 
  indeed any form of propaganda is bad , that 's what i 'm doing . 
  i am cancelling out pro-kremlin propaganda by reacting to those pro-kremlin propaganda comments with eu propaganda . 
   i do n't want you to stop . 
  you 're free to do as you please . 
  you say that in a debate that 's basically all about me being inflammatory . 
  if you do n't want to prove me wrong : do n't debate me . 
  it 's funny how much inaccurate conclusions you pull about me from one comment thread . 
  i have actually debated opinions here completely opposite of mine . 
  when the other was being reasonable , so was i , i am willing to debate anyone fairly . 
  i never really downvote or anything because of opinion . 
  but if you 're downright lying , propagandising , making bullshit excuses and coming up with other dumb rhetoric , i do not owe you any ` intelligent ' debate . 
  intelligent debate will be answered with intelligent debate . 
  propaganda will be answered with propaganda . 
  non-serious bullshit , will be answered with non-serious bullshit . 
   the inflammatory accusations continue , i see . 
  but this time you 're being very specific , so allow me to demand a quote proving your accusations that i support russian propaganda . 
  in failing to do so , i hope you realize what being neutral means , and i hope you may rid yourself of your petty need to rush into blindly supporting a side just to feel safe . 
  alright let 's roll . 
   your two comments in this thread are exclusively inflammatory ( ad hominem on the first comment ) and focused on derailing the conversation ( op did n't say anything about this `` change '' you mention absurdly in your second comment ) . 
  you 're not here to have a conversation with people who would rather remain skeptical of the intentions from both sides of this story . 
  you 're here just to add to the echo chamber others want to comment in . 
  you 're defending a pro-russian troll here at all costs . 
  i was making fun of someone spewing propaganda . 
  now you may say : but he was just giving his opinion !, 
  you 're spreading pro-eu propaganda !, 
  let 's run his comment down :  i 'd argued the us intelligence services are just as much culpable if this sort of illogical blame-game is being played by childish propaganda . 
  this is as serious as when the eu was warned about the damage escalation of geopolitical wargames would cause before the ukraine crisis started . 
  and so it has come to pass . 
  since then / r/europe has been overwhelmingly a hotbed of propaganda supporting the eu against russia . 
  this is the latest absurd bias in embracing an unreality that has spiralled out of control and become extermely dangerous causing innocent loss of life . 
  the only thing he does is talking about how western powers are conspiring against russia . 
  making up stuff , being biased and not getting in touch with reality . 
  he gives zero proof of this , while there is tons of prove that it 's russia that 's spreading propaganda . 
  i am not denying the west does n't have propaganda , but thinking western propaganda is actually less closer to reality is incredible . 
  there is tons of proof that both sides use propaganda , but russia 's propaganda is completely spiralling out of control . 
  i could agree to the statement that everyone uses propaganda , but russia is going wild with it . 
  what 's completely backwards is the statement that western propaganda is actually larger than russian propaganda . 
  i know the west uses it , but you literally have to be retarded to think that the russian propaganda is actually less than western propaganda . 
  op of the original comment is being far from neutral , i am responding to this by being far from neutral myself . 
  if op was actually neutral it could 've been a nice debate , but instead he acts as if russia is completely innocent . 
  and you are defending it . 
  if you are actually such an example of neutrality , attack/defend both sides or neither , not like you do now defend one side in a full blown tirade about ` open discussion ' . 
  you 're not appealing to good-sense . 
  you act as if you 're some wise guy that knows that we most be open minded , allow discussion and etcetera . 
  but behind it you 're just helping other people push more pro-russian bullshit . 
  maybe you mean it well , but you 're being everything except neutral right now . 
  you pushing ` good debates ' is n't showing very much in this thread . 
  that 's not irony . 
  i am indeed being inflammatory like a petty troll , but it 's for a good goal : keeping this subreddit one of the few that has n't been largely taken over by pro-kremlin trolls .
