   `` be worry because this contradicts previous economic agreements , and we will take action - which will hurt you economically '' instead they took military action . 
  that is a menace . 
  that 's a fallacy . 
  so yes , i want to compare them . 
  i know . 
  that 's one of the reasons i know you 're a fascist . 
   maybe you should have stayed in school a bit ? 
  maybe you should have . 
  maybe you would n't have been such a fascist if you did . 
  f ; dr. fascist ; did n't read . 
  of course you do n't . 
  you 're one yourself  . 
  being the symbol of a state and being the symbol of the crimes that state commits are not the same thing . 
  but as i said in my other comment : i do n't debate fascists . 
  yes , iran does those things . 
  it 's not an israel apologist technique . 
  it 's called paying attention . 
  i never said i supported israel , i only said that there are countries ( like iran ) in this world that are just as worse as israel , yet whose people are bashed a lot less than jews . 
  more arabs murder christians/jews than israelis kill arabs . 
  it 's retarded to think only the jews are too blame . 
  very much disliking israel is not anti-semitic . 
  thinking the jews are the only people who commit apartheid , war crimes and racism is anti-semitism . 
  but you 're fascist , so i 'm done talking to you . 
  dude come on . 
  oh how gullible you are . 
  let me ask : in iran many human rights are also broken . 
  in saudi-arabia too . 
  how many times has someone been beaten with iron pipes here in europe for flying the iranian or the arabian flag ? 
  desmond tutu called what israel was doing apartheid , but he never said that it 's flag is a symbol of apartheid , racism and crimes against humanity . 
  desmond tutu has nothing relevant for this discussion . 
  i do n't think it was a stupid ruling at all . 
  it is n't going to help celebrities cover up embarrassing things or misdeeds , because they 're celebrities . 
  if a celebrity does something , most people will find out without google . 
  on news websites or gossip sites they follow . 
  even if google removed the search results of a celebrity , things involving them would still spread . 
  non-celebrities on the other hand can be helped by this . 
   who is stopping europeans from creating their own digital enterprises ? 
  you have cern yet you have not a single person with the creativity and talent to author a web crawler , and database software to create a better search engine interface than google 's ? 
  it 's not about who is better at making software , it 's who is first with making a good one . 
  this whole monopoly problem is a marketing/economic problem , software quality only plays a part . 
  even if europe made it 's own search engine that 's better ( but not much ) than google , the main problem is making it popular without forcing people to use it ( european institutions are very much unable to do this ) . 
  the united states were lucky that they were the place where the digital revolution started , just like the industrial revolution started in the uk . 
  after google was created , a european counterpart was n't needed , every european was already using google . 
  now that the ( main ) digital revolution is over , europe could very well make it 's own version of google . 
  but google has a monopoly , and a monopoly is hard to break in an open market , especially if that monopoly is held by a company from a different country . 
   but specifically selecting and singling out american companies as the ones that need to be dealt with and i read that as controlled and mildly tolerated or eliminated , is a huge affront to the idea of the internet itself , and the concepts of free trade and openness . 
  do you want to know what 's also a huge affront to the idea of the internet itself , and the concepts of free trade and openness ? 
  establishing monopolies using them and abusing people 's right and privacy . 
  if you 're going to complain about american companies being controlled/eliminated , start solving the main problem first : them slowly controlling all information with monopolies and abusing that control . 
  yes , and you want to replace those databases with different databases . 
  it wo n't help . 
  right , so instead of 1 second it takes them 2 seconds to access your data . 
  and for this , you want to spend billions building an entire internet . 
  yes , and a closed off european internet is n't going to fix any of that . 
  what makes you think this . 
  chinese and russians are also in the databases . 
  http://www.france24.com/en/20140217-european-internet-plans-nsa-spying/  in an interview with german broadcaster ard earlier this year , snowden said that attempts to create walled-off national internets would do little to stop the nsa . 
   `` the nsa goes where the data is . 
  if the nsa can pull text messages out of telecommunication networks in china , they can probably manage to get facebook messages out of germany , '' he said . 
   snowden also warned that us surveillance organisations can access european data through their close ties with other intelligence agencies . 
   `` the german services and the us services are in bed together , '' he told ard . 
  `` they not only share information -- the reporting of results from intelligence -- but they actually share the tools and the infrastructure when they work together against joint targets and services . '', 
  i do n't think the title is misleading . 
  europe is n't liking how us companies all have monopolies . 
  they do n't care if they 're all american . 
  if there was a good alternative to google , the eu could say : we will work with the one that does n't give information to the nsa . 
  the company that then stops giving information to the nsa will win ground in european countries . 
  basically , if there 's competition the eu can cause some companies to listen to it more closely , while the ones that do n't can be cast aside . 
  now it ca n't do that , because there are no good alternatives to google , facebook etcetera . 
  the eu is ` waging war ' with these companies , in order to promote competition , so that the european governments can get a grip on what happens in european internet . 
   ask haha . 
  states in the us , like texas , ca n't legally secede from the union on itself . 
  wiki :  in texas v. white , the united states supreme court ruled unilateral secession unconstitutional , while commenting that revolution or consent of the states could lead to a successful secession . 
  basically , you can only secede from the us , if the us itself agrees to it or if you revolt . 
  so even if 90 % of for example texans would want independence , the other states would need to approve it or texas will have to fight for it . 
  we 've known that for a while . 
  nothing you can do about it really , just keep expressing your opinion . 
  so am i. i always learnt that the allies blocked our shipyards in the first world war because thanks to our neutrality we traded with them , and that this caused food shortages . 
  one of the reasons we eventually built flevoland . 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  but after they and the nethelands win tonight 's match , the dutch are going to own belgium . 
  we do actually . 
  people here are not as offended by swearing as other countries . 
  he never was emperor . 
  his adopted son augustus became rome 's first emperor 13 years after caesar 's death . 
  from augustus ' wikipage :  after the demise of the second triumvirate , augustus restored the outward facade of the free republic , with governmental power vested in the roman senate , the executive magistrates , and the legislative assemblies . 
  in reality , however , he retained his autocratic power over the republic as a military dictator . 
  by law , augustus held a collection of powers granted to him for life by the senate , including supreme military command , and those of tribune and censor . 
  it took several years for augustus to develop the framework within which a formally republican state could be led under his sole rule . 
  he rejected monarchical titles , and instead called himself princeps civitatis ( `` first citizen '' ) . 
  the resulting constitutional framework became known as the principate , the first phase of the roman empire . 
   destroyed the roman republic caesar did n't destroy it . 
  the romans had dictators that did n't follow the republic rules that limited power , many years before caesar entered the scene . 
  it was in the civil war following his assassination , that the republic became an official empire with an emperor . 
  like this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_partnership ? 
  no , we did not . 
  one judge decided he was a ` negative stereotype ' . 
  most dutch do not support this . 
  they do exist . 
  we build them all in the netherlands .
