  it did n't have much support . 
  one of the reasons the party disappeared in 2001 . 
  up until 2001 there was a party in kaliningrad that wanted to become independent and name it ` prussia ' again . 
  it 's going to be a huge setback if all the nuclear powerplants close . 
  afro-eurasia : world 's biggest island . 
  definitely take the train to the mainland . 
  the british isles are n't everything :p, 
  also :  but a journalist who was aboard the bus during the shooting told mashable an alternative story , saying that while the incident was tragic , the event `` felt like theater . ''  the journalist , who is russian , spoke on condition of anonymity , because he feared reprisals from colleagues and separatist militiamen for telling a story that contradicted the one presented by russian state media . 
   `` during the ride i asked some of the mothers about their sons , and they seemed not know anything about their own boys , '' he said . 
  moreover , he alleged that the whole thing was `` probably a provocation '' to inflame moscow and heighten tensions between the kremlin and kiev . 
  i do , thank you very much . 
  none . 
  the money they have should be enough . 
  the real terrorist threat began around 2001 , with 9/11 and the events that caused it . 
  the fear of terrorism only really caught on then . 
  which explains the rapid increase in aivd budget after 1997/1998 . 
  we can assume that a lot of the 150.000.000 increase was in order to deal with terrorism . 
  now they want 25.000.000 more for a few dozen more ` probable ' terrorists ( not necessarily everyone on a jihad in the middle-east will return with the intention to do harm ) . 
  a few dozen more terrorists should fit into the 150.000.000 budget increase they got since 9/11 . 
  it 's like a different version of ` the boy who cried wolf ' . 
  people have been getting suspicious of intelligence agencies , and all of the sudden there 's a new threat that needs an additional 25.000.000 euro 's . 
  not really . 
  in the past decade , the amount of money spent on the aivd doubled http://sargasso.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/jaaruitgaven_aivd_infl.png between 2004 and 2012 they got 100.000.000 euro 's more . 
  the increase in budget should be enough to cover the search for islamist radicals . 
  and they got it . 
  first off : youtube comments are retarded and are the worst representations of actual opinion . 
  secondly : the guy is obviously a white supremacist , and those are not common here . 
  in fact most european education does a lot against this . 
  more than a lot of other regions . 
  i have no idea . 
  all sources say the exact same thing : carbid shooting has it 's origins from the germanic yule tradition . 
  how carbid shooting actually connects to it is not explained . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/easter_fire  it is a saxon , pre-christian tradition , that is still performed each year . 
  there are several explanations of the meaning of these fires . 
  the saxons probably believed that around the time of easter , spring becomes victorious over winter . 
  the fires were supposed to help chase the darkness and winter away . 
  it was also a symbol of fertility , which works in a literal sense in that the ashes were scattered over the meadows and thereby fertilized the soil . 
  easter is a germanic pagan ritual that was absorbed by christianity . 
  the same happened to many traditions in north-west europe . 
  it made it easier for christianity to spread , if the indigenous people were allowed to keep their traditions . 
  i have no idea , but officially the tradition of carbid schieten has it 's origin in the germanic yule . 
  around easter we build gigantic fires and around new years we shoot carbid . 
  a bit of water and carbid is done in a churn , and a chemical reaction creates an explosive gas . 
  the opening of the churn is stuffed with something ( a lid or a football ) . 
  then the gas is ignited and the ball is shot away with a huge bang . 
  example of paasvuur : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h40bamjvkty example of carbid schieten ( which does n't always go as planned ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnnwixr6jzk, 
  i know , i already read about their preference for central europe and croatia is only 49 % located on the balkan peninsula so i moved them to central europe . 
  i had croatia in one of them , but i wanted to move it to a different group so i removed croatia but forgot to add it to the other group ... ugh, 
  til the netherlands are not europe . 
  western europe : ireland , uk , france , belgium , luxembourg , switzerland , liechtenstein , the netherlands . 
  southern europe : spain , portugal , italy , vatican city , monaco , andorra . 
  northern europe : sweden , denmark , norway , finland , estonia , iceland , greenland . 
  central europe : germany , austria , poland , czech republic , hungary , slovenia , slovakia . 
  eastern europe : russia , latvia , lithuania , belarus , ukraine , moldova , romania . 
  balkan : albania , bosnia and herzegovina , bulgaria , greece , macedonia , montenegro , serbia , kosovo . 
  the caucasus and turkey : turkey , georgia , azerbaijan , armenia . 
  six regions because you ca n't simplify this . 
  so , are you genuinely worried about this ? 
  do you expect it to get worse ? 
  putin is n't immortal , so once he leaves his post , would opinion change again ? 
  i know , but if he did n't die the war may have started much later . 
  maybe if he implemented the above later , he was able to prevent much of the tension in austria-hungary which might have changed the course of the war . 
  i always ask myself this when i see a russian flair here talking like that : are most of you living outside russia , or are you one of few in russia that do n't believe russian media and politicians ? 
  yeah ... reeks a bit of white power . 
  with lyrics like :  i 'm a judeo-christian morality with a greco-roman intellect not really the best theme song you could have ... 
  we we 're never really pulled into ww1 luckily . 
  so it does n't really live here ... 
  there are some stories about people standing at the border to watch the mayhem in belgium , just a few hundred metres away . 
  if franz-ferdinand had lived ... 
  no , i mean : i posted the exact same topic 15 hours before this one . 
  yet mine does n't even reach the front-page ... 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/298mds/athena_europe_plans_huge_xray_space_telescope_the/ why ... ? 
  that 's most dubbing i hear from different news channels all around the world . 
  euronews does it too . 
  here in the netherlands we subtitle though , so ... 
  two different voices in two different languages on top of each other is confusing/annoying . 
  they 're using r\u00f6ntgen , just like chandra , but this is n't a chandra successor . 
   do n't be surprised when retarded people want to continue this discussion despite their being no point in it . 
  a very bad one . 
  that does n't make him any less stupid . 
  if you 're going to do sarcasm on the internet , do n't be surprised when people answer seriously . 
  there 's a point in limited free speech . 
  your subreddit is currently moving into the direction of an anti-immigration circle-jerk . 
  you need to keep both sites of the argument in check . 
  the anti-immigration people should n't scare the other away and pro-immigration people should n't scare the other . 
  because of you allow everything , the side with most supporters will slowly cause the other side to leave , and eventually dominate the subreddit . 
   visit the new european free speech subreddit / r/european where nothing gets censored . 
  visited it , hated it . 
  it 's basically a subreddit for anti-immigration people , not a mainly european one . 
  no european shouts around how the communists are going to invade . 
  i 've only heard americans and one british-canadian guy do that . 
  afraid of communist = most likely american . 
  gods you guys are sometimes so predictable . 
  i loved clinton . 
  why did you capitalize every word in the title ? 
  for a moment i thought this was about doctor who ... 
   the countries that are willing to be a member of the eu will not automatically agree to being members of a european federation !, 
  you ca n't just equate the two and say that you 've proven your point . 
  yes i can . 
  if you 're an eu member , integration is inevitable .
