  the difficulty might vary depending on your native tongue ( either germanic , romance or slavic ) but it 's not harder for europeans than a lot of other languages . 
  it 's just as hard for a swedish guy to learn latin , as it is for an italian guy to learn swedish . 
  learning chinese or japanese is a lot harder for europeans than latin . 
  people have this impression of latin being reeeaally hard for a lot of people because it is taught to a select few in school , while the other must learn other languages ( like german or french here ) . 
  this impression however , is false , because it is n't taught to most students because it 's hard , but because they 've got better things to learn . 
  believe me , if you want to speak conversational latin , it 's not harder than studying a lot of other languages . 
  what 's happening ? 
  has the shit hit the fan ? 
  most countries have their own . 
  for example : here in the netherlands marktplaats.nl is very popular to sell your stuff or buy stuff . 
  why not latin ? 
  make latin the language of it . 
  everyone can post in their languages , but latin is encouraged . 
  there are americans that speak latin , but not enough to overrun it . 
  the site could offer free latin lessons . 
  there are some great youtube channels that teach latin . 
  also a factor might be that doctors wo n't go to the us , because if they get old and sick there , they 'll have to use their system instead of the european one . 
  it basically means : the spread of a people . 
  so for example chinese diaspora = the spread of chinese through the world, 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's a perfectly normal word for me . 
  i have family in new zealand and austria . 
  one side of my family also has residents in the us . 
  i have also heard something vague about family in australia . 
  relationship is pretty neutral . 
  have n't seen my cousin who moved to austria for years . 
  never met my new zealand/australian family . 
  agreed . 
  my minority language is disappearing as well ( netherlands ) . 
  schools are allowed to teach it in the region , but the rules are n't strict so it 's basically nothing they teach :\\ . 
   the environment agency follows a number of eu rules to avoid that we can manage the rivers as we have done for centuries when it comes , for example , dredge the rivers . 
  we , the dutch , are n't flooding even though we 're largely under water so obviously you can manage the rivers under eu rule . 
  souls do n't exist . 
  they 're fictional . 
  we do n't share that much with giraffes . 
   but something like this is a problem for people like me who love animals and want to be good people !, 
  no , it 's not . 
  how is a giraffe being killed in denmark , just like hundreds of giraffes are killed in nature , affecting a bulgarian vegan/vegetarian ? 
  it does not . 
   oh , sorry , there was no point to answer to you , just noticed your flag . 
  do n't expect for you to have another position , but btw a lot of people from copenhagen and not only started a petition to support my opinion , just so you know - happy that not all of the people there share your thoughts . 
  if you want to judge people based on flags , start judging your own first . 
  bulgarians are more of a bother to the world than danish people ( no offence to bulgarians that actually do good . ), 
  i 'm relevant . 
  do n't worry , he was part of the previous coalition which failed horribly . 
  his party is the kind of party that is n't very compatible with other parties , making a lasting coalition improbable . 
  in other words , what i said was correct . 
  dikes and water-management are part of the ministry of traffic and water . 
  we do not have a separate ministry for it :p, 
  that 's the dutch accent : filled with nasal sounds . 
  it sounds like you 're speaking with your nose closed xd . 
  first off : annoyed does n't mean angry . 
  it means annoyed . 
  secondly : christmas i am not annoyed by because it 's a holiday i celebrate as well . 
  so this is not comparable in any sense . 
   it 's natural that people would want to talk about it . 
  yes it is , but that does n't make it any less annoying . 
  it 's also a natural thing for people to kill each other , yet we 're pretty annoyed when someone in our community get 's killed , right ? 
  i understand people talking about it , i 'm just saying that it 's annoying . 
  i have n't got the slightest idea how you pulled the idea out of your ass , that i 'm angry at people for talking about sports or any other major event . 
  no responsibilities , all the rights . 
  and ? 
  if the amount of scoring compared to the time span of a match is an indicator of the fun than 90 % of a sports would be boring . 
  i do n't think people would agree with you . 
  i 've never really seen any internet hysteria about the world cup . 
  a few posts about weird moments such as de jong 's karate kick last time , but no , i 've never seen a flood and it most definitely has never appeared in conversations in games i played . 
   i 'm fairly confident that my english is correct . 
  oh it 's correct , just not the best . 
  indeed  this is exactly the criticism most americans have for your football , or soccer . 
  you probably did n't really phrase it right . 
   in the end it 's just a game . 
  i do n't see why people get so angry at what other people like to watch over their weekends . 
  it 's just annoying that we 're flooded by it as well . 
  not only are sites we visit stuffed the super bowl , americans on the internet are constantly talking about it as well . 
  i was playing minecraft today and i tried to talk to someone about something and they immediately began about some player doing some stupid thing . 
  i ai n't talking about any european football players doing shit either . 
  in fact , i rarely see it anywhere in games or on reddit etcetera . 
  it 's super bowl season and whoops , it 's everywhere . 
   this is exactly the criticism most americans have for your football , or soccer . 
  this referring to :  but nothing happens in the game of football if you 're a fan of football , you will know that far from nothing happens there . 
  it 's mostly playing . 
  really ? 
  never seen it ... 
   this is exactly the criticism most americans have for your football , or soccer . 
  have you ever seen a football match ? 
  the vast majority of the time is playing . 
  i never even noticed a survey . _ . 
  you guys are like the us of europe . 
  [ geert wilders ] ( http://images.retecool.com/uploads/reet-geert-wilders1.jpg ) look at his hair . 
  look at it !, 
  [ latin version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnkfravhyhw ) is best version . 
  look up , you might see the joke flying above over your head . 
  they were n't opposition activists , but i bet they are now !, 
  perhaps , but a chemical rocket is still much more powerful . 
  you 'll need a lot more thrusters which consume a lot more power . 
  the most powerful thruster in use produces around 5000 mn and consumes 200 kw . 
  a space shuttle engine produces 14.000.000.000 mn in vacuum . 
  so in order to produce as much thrust as the space shuttle you 'll need 2800000 plasma thrusters a.k.a 560 giga watts . 
  i am not a scientists so i do not know how correct my calculations are though . 
  much more powerful and efficient thrusters are in development .
