  many thinks that are relatively new , based upon earlier things use the ` neo ' preffix : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special:prefixindex/neo, 
  says the swede . 
  oh some people ( me as well sometimes ) believe that if robotics and automation advance far enough , they will eventually be able to do everything . 
  and once everything can be done by robots , almost any product will become completely free . 
  if pretty much anything is free , anyone can have loads of almost everything they need . 
  food will be free , housing will be free , transportation would be free . 
  if everything is free , you no longer need currency in order to get it . 
  luckily automation and robots will destroy currency and with it replace * neoliberalism * with : ** glorious techno-communism **, 
  except for that one old guy : no no i feex, 
   but it 's clearly that saying that the outcome of the referendum is manipulated is the plan of the government . 
   except that the term spain also include catalonia , so it 's not the correct term . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  examine the following sentence : `` the entire stadium went wild after the famous barcelona football player scored a goal . '', 
  who is ` the entire stadium ' ? 
  so am i. 
  the right to self-determination is above the constitution . 
  this is n't like trying to do a referendum on the legalization of human trafficking , it 's like trying to do a referendum the ban on human trafficking . 
  a basic human right  constitutional rights . 
  if a constitution does not allow for a basic human right , then the constitution should be ignored . 
  i know , that 's why they should n't decide over things like independence referenda . 
  those are big political things , and decisions on it should n't be made by representatives of any of the two parties , the catalans and the spanish government . 
  if spain wants to block this through legal action , they 'll have to go higher than their own supreme court . 
  of course they would be biased . 
  but if the government decides who the judges are , the overall bias of the court is ten-folded , no , hundred-folded . 
   that right belongs to all the spanish , `` catalans '' in particular do n't have this right more than one neighborhood of barcelona , one town of extremadura , or one region of spain . 
  sorry franco . 
  it 's a non-binding referendum . 
  which means that doing the referendum does n't automatically result in secession . 
   well , i do n't know , i do n't work for the government , but what i know is that artur mas has only threaten with secession and has not discussed nor proposed any constitutional change . 
  thinking mas can change the constitution has as much chance of happening as the chance of you being able to negotiate a suicide bomber to give you money and turn himself in . 
  bomber : i 'm going to bomb this place unless i get a million euros you : how about you give us a hundred euros and you turn yourself in ? 
  bomber : okay . 
  the court and spanish government wo n't let go , no matter what , and there 's nothing legal mas can do . 
  the only thing possible would be to step to the un and accuse spain of not giving the catalans a basic human right . 
  self-determination , i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
   no , the government will just let them vote and then say that the results are fake and manipulated , is just that easy , and then what ? 
  another referendum ? 
  and the catalans will not accept this and say that spain is refusing them their right to self determination , and the referendum outcome will only make stuff worse . 
  you 're gullible if you think the spanish government can just say ` no ' and see all it 's problems disappear . 
   but just one thing , can we stop saying spain ? 
  it 's the correct term . 
  so no . 
  do you also believe it when a pop up tells you there are hot chicks living nearby ? 
   it 's a court , they can not vote depending of the guy who put them in charge guess what ? 
  they can and they will . 
  they were already anti-independence , so they would vote anti-independence even if the constitution allowed it . 
  yes . 
  because the way they are chosen , immediately affects the way the court votes . 
  because when a government that 's mainly anti-independence chooses the members , the members will most likely never vote in favour of the catalans . 
  no matter what , the judges will never approve this referendum . 
  this comes as no surprise , we already expected this . 
  so everything i had in mind already accounted for this happening . 
  it does n't change much , the catalans knew this would happen , they are n't going to give up now . 
  they will try and do this referendum , spain will have to stop it as it happens . 
  catalans will probably go through with it anyway . 
  now it 's waiting for the spanish reaction on that . 
  are they going to let them ? 
  how are they going to stop them ? 
  well the sooner the better . 
  i 'd like to do a test first , so i 'd be great if we had a team ready a week or two before the referendum ( 9th november ) basically we 're looking for : * spanish/catalan people in order to find articles , watch sources and translate them . 
  they post the links to the live thread and they inform the others of their information . 
  we need enough to cover the entire referendum . 
  * people that want to help organize a livestream ( we need people with decent microphones and access to either skype or teamspeak ) * a couple people that can keep an eye on the irc chat and the frontpage and keep the rest informed . 
  so , what do you say obraka ? 
  could you discuss with the other mods about a possible sticky post soon ? 
  definitely one of the reasons i bring it up now . 
  we have a month to find enough people that can provide translations . 
  can one of the mods make a sticky post for this in a couple days ? 
  that was what i was thinking : a livestream that discusses the information and articles that come in , in general , and other kinds of general discussion . 
  ( maybe even a debate between supporters and non-supporters ) the reddit livestream where people can find the links and if they want to , they can follow them to the original source and read it in depth . 
  this reddit livestream can also function as an archive , where people can look up what 's happened . 
  plus the irc chat to give feedback to both streams . 
  we basically need a team of 2 or 3 people organizing the livestream , a team of contributors to the reddit livestream ( who also pass their information to the other livestream ) and someone to follow the chat in order to give the others feedback to what they 're doing . 
  if we try ( put on emphasis on try , because it will most likely fail ) to organize this , depending on how it turns out it might be either really great and we could do it again sometime , or it turns out to be very bad and we just continue like we did previously with the experience we got . 
  it would be pretty fun ( and hard ) to pull this off , i think . 
  that 's why i was thinking of something additional , to make it better than the last time . 
  a small group of people that pays attention to what links and new information come in and keep everything a little in check so that people following do not get spammed with false information , doubled up articles , and other stuff . 
  i also had the idea of perhaps making a twitch , u or other service livestream to help do this , but that 's a very raw idea and i 'll have to think it through further before really putting it up for debate here . 
  it seems that it 's business as usual . 
  i know that the government wanted to stop it , but counties with a lot of drug tourism did n't want to comply . 
  i do n't know the situation either , that 's the latest news i got . 
  we 'll have to wait and see how that will turn out . 
  if the day of the referendum comes and spain is trying to disrupt it , it 's going to be a hectic day anyway . 
  might be fit enough for a live coverage . 
  indeed . 
  any plans on how to select/screen people ? 
  i guess we could make a separate sticky post for people to apply to and then via private messages screen the people that sound like they could contribute well enough . 
  the government is banning drugs sale to tourists ( but fails to do this successfully ) . 
  that was the joke i was making . 
  not for foreigners . 
  come to the netherlands , we have windmills . 
  and windmills , and windmills , and ... 
  lavrov has also stated today that russia will ` modernize ' its nuclear weapons . 
   pro ukrainian protester is frightened , had 2 co-protesters `` disappear '' and yet she is openly saying she is pro-ukrainian in public and on camera with nothing happening to her . 
  paranoia much ? 
  that 's not paranoia , we call it logic . 
  just because she has n't ` disappeared ' yet does n't mean she never will . 
  i 'm wondering how the russians would plan to cause a ukraine situation in armenia . 
  armenia and russia do n't share a border and there are n't huge concentrations of russian ethnicities in armenia . 
  swing for europe !,
