  for example : we can use english to communicate , but if we need to name something ( for example we want one name for the european parliament ) we should give it either a indo-european name or a latin name . 
  * deal with russia . 
  do not accept any claim on any territory in europe . 
  if russia takes something , either completely isolate russia with sanctions or war . 
  even if russia does nothing we need to drastically stop using gas . 
  * esa should be part of the federation and it 's funding should increase . 
  we must immediately catch up , engineer our own human spaceflight capable launchers and land on the moon plus start our own asteroid mining missions . 
  currently the only asteroid mining companies are american owned , we need european rivals . 
  * have the caucasus nations and turkey join and help bring an independent kurdistan in syria and iraq . 
  together with kurdistan , turkey and possible other allies , destroy any terrorist cell in the region bordering the european south east . 
  as a robotics engineering student : i feel you . 
  if someone tried to ban our local language here they 'd get riots . 
  also to add to your point : the majority of derry inhabitants call it derry . 
  i did n't even know it existed ... 
  vodka ? 
  once again a mainstream newspaper abuses the word ` technocrat ' . 
  haha !, 
  putin fucked up . 
  you need to burn the neck right after cutting the head off or it will grow two in it 's place . 
  i 'd rather have the exact opposite . 
  yes , but it 's not the swiss , the germans , the finnish or the icelanders i was talking about . 
  i know ireland is very much pro-life , i am not arguing against you . 
  it 's the french we 're talking about . 
  they 've legalized abortion , but they 're not legalizing surrogacy ? 
  that 's what i think is hypocrite . 
   one reason is putting another woman through pregnancy , who wo n't be able to keep the child . 
  yes , but that 's the surrogate mother 's own choice . 
  if you 're not banning abortion , do n't ban surrogacy . 
  the woman decides what happens to her body , whether that is aborting a child or volunteering to carry one for someone who ca n't . 
   another reason is because there are so many children out there in need of a loving home , and the world is overpopulated enough as it is , so opponents of surrogacy feel that couples should give a child in need a loving family . 
  once again , if more women aborted we 'd have less children in need of a home . 
  it seems very hypocrite to me to allow abortion , but not surrogacy . 
  no , sorry . 
  the testing facilities closed earlier than the rest . 
  i had to choose between seeing it and hearing rosetta 's mission leader and andr\u00e9 kuipers giving a presentation . 
  kuipers ' presentation was a bit longer than intended so i did n't make it there in time . 
  i really have no idea why you would be against surrogacy if you 're not religious . 
  basically pooping goes into a metal toilet with a bag under it , peeing also goes in bags . 
  the toilets use flowing air instead of water . 
  puking is done in bags similar as in air planes , although you need to quickly close it before it floats right back out again . 
   still not a citation . 
  i 'm sure that google has complied with national laws as required , just like they 've complied with the eu 's silly right to be forgotten law . 
  does n't necessarily make them an accomplice in the nsa 's missions . 
  i did n't mean to give a citation . 
  if you really need a citation look it up . 
   i 'm sure that google has complied with national laws as required , just like they 've complied with the eu 's silly right to be forgotten law . 
  does n't necessarily make them an accomplice in the nsa 's missions . 
  [ citation needed ] i said that google was one of the foremost suppliers of data to the nsa , i am not saying they crossed any laws whatsoever . 
  are you going to make the same mistake as the other guy ? 
  i am not talking about legality . 
   perhaps . 
  this is an antitrust argument though and the case law is extremely well-developed on the matter . 
  apparently it is not because google supplied the nsa with data and only stopped once the public found out . 
   basically , do n't worry about google being a big bad company that takes over the world . 
  there are much more worrisome things out there right now . 
  if you really are n't going to read my comments : bye . 
   for nearly half a century the western world had been tranquil and had seemed safe . 
  only a few middle-aged men and aging people in france had had any practical experience of warfare . 
  funny similarities with nowadays . 
  we too also have had a big time of relative peace and only ageing people had really experienced a war in europe . 
  ( excluding the yugoslavia wars here ), 
   [ citation needed ] unless you 've been paying attention . 
  it has been all over the news the entire nsa scandal , you should have hardly missed it . 
   once again , where 's your proof ? 
  just because they have their hands in a lot of jars does n't mean that they are evil . 
  they are an advertising company , not an evil villain/mastermind . 
  of course not , but simply because google does n't have to be a evil mastermind , does n't mean we should just trust any big company . 
  if it was facebook that was getting so big , i 'd be talking about facebook here . 
  it does n't harm ( it can even benefit ) us if companies like google split into multiple companies are stayed small . 
  if keeping companies from getting too big is n't going to harm any of us , why risk having a company that will actually use it 's power for something we would n't like . 
  the whole question here is n't really about google being evil . 
  simply put it 's more about being pre-cautious . 
  better safe than sorry , because i genuinely think ( all though this point is of course debatable ) that as technology advances , it will become harder and harder to stop big/powerful companies from invading for example our privacy . 
  so the sooner we start making sure companies ca n't become too big , the better we 'll be off in the future . 
   look who 's sinking low . 
  i 'm just getting down to your level , it makes it easier . 
   you can tell the stupidity by the number of likes this post has got . 
  indeed , they 're a good representation of the amount of braincells you have . 
  if you came here to insult , i have no interest . 
  do n't accuse me of stuff . 
  do n't sink so low . 
   i ca n't even explain this to you ... there are so many variables involved . 
  you do n't need to explain . 
  i understand what you said and i understand that it is dumb . 
  do you realize what you 're saying ? 
  al right how can i explain this to you ... 
  so if someone is wrong wrong , the government ca n't make any laws that make those things legally wrong ? 
  since that someone is n't crossing any current laws . 
  i am not talking about legally wrong . 
  i am talking about wrong wrong . 
  google is n't doing anything ** legally ** wrong , that 's exactly the concern . 
   i get your concern , but they 're doing nothing wrong i know you get my concern , but i am arguing that they are doing things wrong . 
  you said : they are doing nothing wrong . 
  i am making clear that that 's not true . 
  no point in you getting my concern if you believe my concern to be false . 
   why would we want this ? 
  google is one of the nsa 's largest supplies of data . 
  you do not want a company like that controlling more and more aspects of everyday life . 
  if they did nothing wrong i 'd ( almost ) be okay with them becoming so big , but google is no angel . 
  no company should have that much power .
