  lodewijk napoleon actually abdicated because he thought it might safe some of the dutch independence , but napoleon annexed it anyway . 
  well for example , i 'm pretty sure buckingham palace would be visited a lot less if their was no royalty there . 
  palaces generate more tourism if they 're actually occupied . 
  we also have some castles where no royalties live , but they 're not exactly tourism centres . 
   and i 'm not buying the personality argument . 
  i do n't see how a president would n't have the same effects . 
  a president changes every 4 years . 
  a monarch remains his whole life on his/her position , which gives the ( fake ) impression of stability , which gives the country a better image for for example foreign investors . 
  a trade mission done by royalty also pays more off , due to for example this stability impression , than a president . 
  a monarch is not only trained his/her whole life to deal with media , a monarch radiates more magic due to his lineage . 
  there 's something about monarchs that make them more impressive than presidents . 
  would meeting the president of the uk really be the same sensational thing as meeting the queen ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it would n't . 
  depending on the popularity of the monarch . 
  an unpopular/unknown monarch of course would n't have this benefit . 
  the monarchy is cool . 
  it 's beneficial economically and the republic days were n't really to be proud of politically . 
  in fact , our ` republic ' , was pretty much an oligarchy . 
  ignore gingor lol . 
  the main benefits of monarchies is that they create tourism and give the country more of a personality/face , which radiates stability which is better for investments . 
  well the translation was n't the goal of this post . 
  i just found it interesting because from what i 've gathered this has something to do with the sanctions russia has imposed . 
  they 'd better hurry up then because currently kiev 's forces are winning . 
  i did n't know you could know someone 's sexuality and to what degree they feel that way from someone 's looks . 
  7.10 mb/s and 0.86 mb/s ... 
   we 're going to pillage our own tiles , so the enemy ca n't !, 
  that 's what i love about esa . 
  all those accents :d, 
  our government is doing the exact opposite . 
  they 've been restricting cannabis for the past few months . 
  god , we would n't be in this situation if our government did n't have such a stick in their asses . 
  what i find funny is that whenever you called someone , who was ranting about how israel is evil and the palestinians are completely innocent , anti-semitic , you 'd get called names and said how ` anti-semitic ' is always so misused . 
  but now that palestinian supporters are shouting ` death to the jews ' and actually attacking jews and synagogues you suddenly no longer here there people . 
  indeed . 
  that 's what the article said . 
  a political union with the kremlin being basically in control . 
   that 's my point , why should my individual freedoms be at the whim of the majority ? 
  this is more of a question of principle for me , either you let the majority decide for the rest what 's okay and what is n't , or you have a base set of rights that not even the majority can affect , no matter how much they hate it . 
  we have a base set of rights not even the majority can effect . 
  displaying isis flags is n't one of those . 
   displaying an isis flag is legally and logically not a death threat , and saying that it is kind of a death threat since isis are extremists is not a proper motivation . 
  we think it is proper motivation . 
   the problem is also that you assume that there 's always an easy answer to what is extremism and what is n't . 
  no , i do n't . 
  that 's your assumption . 
   and what if we turn the scenario around , and nationalist hardliners all across europe gain more ground and they start deciding what is extremism and what 's not ? 
  i would be against it , but if the majority is truly in favour of those nationalist hard-liners there 's little i can do . 
  in a perfect world , the majority will never have the last say . 
  but sadly this world is n't perfect . 
  every political thing , will somewhat be influenced by the majority , whether you like it or not . 
   and will it stop there ? 
  how do we know that the definition of `` extremism '' wo n't start to creep into the political mainstream ? 
  now you 're just creating scenario 's that would never happen anyway and call upon them as arguments . 
  extremism is a subjective word . 
  it 's meaning can thus only be decided by the majority . 
  so if we 're talking about words like ` extremism ' , the majority will always have the final say . 
   are n't the social democrats of sweden extremists in the eyes of nationalists because of their vigorous defense of a liberal immigration policy and opinion that nationality and ethnicity are nothing but social constructs ? 
  no , they are n't . 
   that 's funny because you assume they think like you . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i know they do n't think like me . 
  that 's one of the reasons to ban the isis flag . 
  unlike us , they agree with the mass killing isis does . 
  so no , i do n't assume they think like me . 
  i assume they like isis . 
   besides , i 'd say waving any symbol i 'd like is freedom of speech . 
  and we 'd say it 's not . 
   ... one could also easily reason that the suppression of their rights to express themselves will further radicalize them and make them paranoid , increasing the risk of terrorist attempts by them . 
  that 's funny because none of their rights is being suppressed . 
  because external displays of opinions persuade some to join that opinion . 
  swastika 's for example are n't just ` cosmetic ' . 
  they are the very idea they represent . 
  same with the isis flag . 
  it is n't just a cosmetic something . 
  the flag is isis . 
   democracy is n't supposed to be convenient or comfortable for the masses , that 's easy to do . 
  most societies in the world accept differing opinions within a certain spectrum . 
  indeed . 
  and displaying isis flags whilst shouting ` death to the jews ' is not within our spectrum . 
   go back 70 years , do you think most people in the netherlands would want public displays of homosexual love ? 
  what would give the majority 70 years ago the right to diminish the individual freedoms of homosexuals ? 
  short answer : yes and no one . 
  long answer : homosexuality was once socially unacceptable and thus it was punishable . 
  it became socially unacceptable due to multiple reasons and thus it was no longer punishable . 
  if displaying isis flags becomes socially acceptable , it will be allowed . 
  but guess what , displaying isis flags is not socially acceptable . 
  so , individual rights should be guarded and protected . 
  why are n't you protecting/guarding my right to threaten someone with death ? 
  there 's a boundary of individual freedom that should be guarded , and that boundary stops at displaying isis flags . 
  that 's not true . 
  the monarchists were given the best spots because it was a coronation . 
  why would you put the republicans in front of the balcony of the royal palace on a coronation day ? 
  it would be like putting atheists in churches during christmas . 
  the republicans in return got squared to demonstrate on . 
  actual amsterdam city squares , not ` fields ' . 
   two individuals chose to hold up a sign somewhere in the crowd . 
  and with it potentially starting a fight . 
  i think you 're partially right . 
  i think the police should have let them stand there and should have waited for it to escalate . 
  maybe those two idiots would 've realised what a stupid idea it was .
