  no , but europe has . 
  greece included . 
   so do we actually . 
  i 'm neither serious nor joking . 
  i am / u/thebyzantinedragon , it says so right above my comment , next to the flair and the upvotes/downvotes . 
  except we did n't . 
   do we , in the eu want an united foreign policy ? 
  do we share the same goals ? 
  obviously not . 
  we obviously do . 
  a safe and developed europe without armed conflict , is the goal of european foreign policy , which is locally based or in common interest . 
  appeasing an aggressive state invading an independent european country does not contribute . 
  you can have different goals and your own foreign policy , but it should n't conflict with european policy . 
   there are no actual ground to deny greece right to have it 's own foreign policy . 
  there is . 
  you agreed that greek foreign policy would be subjugated to european foreign policy when you guys joined . 
  no longer having 100 % sovereignty over your foreign policy was one of the terms . 
  if you do not agree to that , you 'll have to get out of the union . 
  getting a bit of mixed signals here . 
  than that 's stupid of germany . 
  luckily that is not the only deal posible for germany , there is certainly negotiation possible . 
  sadly tsipras likes to spend time in moscow and talk about ww2 war reparations than actually try to make a deal . 
  it wo n't help them against russia though . 
  the russians have enough themselves as well . 
  same . 
  there was some negativity towards tsipras when he got elected , i was pretty positive , thinking it might break the status quo of constant austerity and start a new try at using investing and radical changes to help solve the crisis . 
  now the plans they 're trying to make to solve it are being tardy and he 's messing about with foreign policy issues . 
  tsipras , make a deal with the eu , launch the offensive against corruption and tax evasion . 
  stop messing about with things that do n't matter . 
  ` forget the past ' . 
  dude , the shit we 're sanctioning them for is still happening . 
   im not saying that germany is doing that on purpose to hurt greece i never said you did , i only stated the reasoning behind the argument . 
  are there ? 
  what would you rather do than sanctioning ? 
  military intervention ? 
   greece vs the rest of the eu and we 're disrupting unity ? 
  except it is not greece vs the rest of the eu . 
  that 's made up . 
  stop pretending germany and the eu are some evil force trying to eat greek baby 's . 
  the methods used to ` help ' greece might have the opposite effect or be unpopular in greece , but they are n't done with massive ill intend like people here on / r/europe recently started to pretend it is . 
  it is also both completely different issues . 
  the crisis in greece and the eu 's attitude to it is an internal eu affair and i am not saying you guys disrupt unity there , the eu 's foreign policies is were tsipras ' recent policies have disrupted unity . 
  internal conflict is n't unhealthy , it would be stupid of greece to put up with everything . 
  but if we want effective foreign policy , we need unity on applying it . 
  so i am criticising greece for disrupting unity in foreign policy , not in other stuff . 
   not to mention that syriza did vote for the extension of the sanctions in february even though they claimed they would n't . . 
  i would n't see tsipras ' calls as nothing more than the attempt of pm of a indebted state to gain some advantages in a tough situation . . 
  i know , that 's what we 'll have to wait and see for . 
  right now syriza is saying they wo n't support the sanctions any more and we 'll have to believe them and hope that they will pull back on it later one . 
  i know it has , but it shows that germany is n't doing this for some weird reason as to ` punish ' greece or something . 
  we all agreed to sanction russia , some might be hurt more than others , but the whole point was to look beyond that and focus on the goal at hand : preventing the shit to go down in the ukraine and calming russian aggression . 
  the sanctions are unrelated to the troika 's treatment of greece , so it 's stupid for greeks to blame countries like germany for obstructing greece recovery , because they are disappointed greece 's government chooses to appease russia . 
   i seriously doubt that greece has the diplomatic leverage to convince the majority of the eu to lift the bans on the next council . 
  no one really thinks greece would be capable of it , but they 're still heavily denouncing these sanctions and helping disrupt unity in sanctioning russia . 
   do you want the money or not ? 
  if you do let us sell those god damn peaches . 
  if they wanted money , they would n't have sanctioned russia . 
  they want to solve the crisis in europe ( even though the methods , austerity and etc are questionable ) , but they also want to help ukraine . 
  that way they expect you to recover without abandoning the sanctions . 
  the germans sacrificed their own trade with russia as well , as did many other european countries . 
  they want the money , but not thanks to the appeasement of another war in europe and the invasion of an independent european state . 
  stop playing the victim , we 're all in the same boat against russia . 
   aaaand we 're the fifth column already . 
  no one is saying you 're the fifth column . 
  tsipras is the fifth column and he is the fifth column , not because of a few friendly words and a meeting , but for specifically stating that the just sanctions on an aggressor state should be ended . 
   i do n't blame him either . 
  it 's good that russia wants to help greece . 
  you do realize that russia does n't want to ` help ' greece for the sake of helping , right ? 
  they obviously have an agenda behind it . 
  the same reason why they seem so glad to ` help ' anti-euro and populist parties . 
  why the hell is she living in the heart of neo-nazi land ? 
  / s edit : / s for the thick people among us . 
   maybe one day russia get 's so sick of putin , they make him leave and join the eu . 
  i doubt it . 
  he will either retire or die in his function . 
  his popularity is at an high . 
  do n't worry , i agree with you that the greek are n't being opressed by the ` evil ' troika . 
  hahaha , stereotypically the ` sorry ' i enormous xd, 
  you forget to add the astericks to ` bailed ' : `` if your economy is so affected you go bankrupt you will be bailed ******** out ! '', 
  hhhm weird . 
  i remember reading an article in which iran said the exact opposite . 
  i could be wrong though . 
   russia has some science but way behind west and the best and brightest leave . 
  russian rocket engines are widespread and are considered to be among the best . 
  wtf are you rambling about . 
  i think iran already said that they would n't agree to such a deal in exchange for lifting of the sanctions . 
  besides , by the time the pipeline gets finished , the conflict with russia is already over or we 're most done with russian gas anyway . 
  well it makes a very clear grave : the bottom of the sea . 
   funny how it seems that northerners are complaining about what goes on in italy far more than southerners . 
   following one of the previous boat crashes , local italians actually went and brought food and warm clothes for the rescued refugees , so as you can see they actually have opened their hearts . 
  because they all end up here in the end . 
  the refugees are a nuisance for italy , but north-western europe is their goal . 
   also , it should n't even be necessary to say this , but let me point out that refugees are not a threat to the whole country and the union , whereas russia is perceived to be exactly that . 
  they are in part . 
  illegal immigration has to be toned down and people that do illegally cross the borders need to be evenly distributed over the union . 
  anti-euro parties thrive on this disproportionate inflow of illegal immigrants . 
  and in the end , the anti-euro parties in some countries have a better chance of dis-unifying the union than russia ( partially with russian help of course ), 
  but , executivemonkey ... saudi arabia does n't border israel either ... 
  everyone agrees to this unless it is about immigrants . 
  up to the end of february , the article in which i read it was growing is younger .
