   bow before our charisma !, 
  i know , what i mean is : this shows that there is n't a vast majority on the russian side as they claim . 
  maybe a majority , but it 's debatable . 
  in the name of frisia : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv695jn1_jy, 
  most people in the east support russia my ass . 
  yes . 
  at first i put russia a little under the us in terms of likeability . 
  now there is a huge gap and i dislike the russian state much more than the american . 
  ( note : the state , not necessarily the people . 
  that depends on the man/women in question . ), 
  burkhalter looks pissed . 
  americans are less likely to be baised against americans . 
  it still an opinion , but you ca n't say they 're biased because their european because they are n't european . 
  they can be biased of course but not in ` european biased against the us ' kind of sense . 
  this is an american blog :\\, 
   separatists will claim that kiev stars a war and opposite from kiev . 
  it 's the un 's job to come to an objective conclusion . 
  the conclusion is pretty obvious that the separatists in no way project the actual will of the local people . 
   i do n't recall a single operation where un was involved in an anti-terrorists activities , one man 's terrorists is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  the un 's laws do n't allow for a minority group to declare a separate region . 
  a majority of people must support it and use their right to self determination . 
  i ca n't declare my village an independent region just because 5 of my friends agree with me . 
  they are one man 's freedom fighter , but sadly , that one man is all alone . 
   peacekeepers keep peace , not starting a war . 
  would n't fighting people that want to start a war be equal to keeping peace ? 
  if there 's a group in a country that wants to destabilize everything and make it escalate in armed conflict , destroying that group might create more peace than simply ` peacekeeping ' . 
  with a trump . 
  meanwhile in europe : more and more people blame the west for the ukrainian situation . 
  * sigh *, 
  russia is mordor . 
  norway , sweden and denmark are the elves . 
  centra/west europe is gondor and south-east europe is rohan . 
  i 'm beginning to think that the best thing to do really is to just declare war  _ , 
  it says in my flair . 
  it took the uk 10 years to increase the muslim population with 1,7 % . 
  non-religious population increased with 7,9 % during the same period . 
  for every increase of 1 % of islam , 4,6 % increase in non-religious . 
  what 's happening in the west is a secularization , not an islamification . 
  i put it in a graph and if it continues like this , by the time every british citizen is either non-religious or muslim , 83 % are non-religious and 17 % are muslim . 
  this point is reached in 2021 . 
  those numbers are a reliable approximation . 
  a notable size but hardly a problem . 
  especially when the 17 % is the total muslim population and not the total criminal or extremist muslim population . 
  secularism is more likely to gnaw of the muslim percentage than the other way around . 
  so if everything keeps going like it is ( it wo n't , it 'll slow down ) the percentage of muslims will never increase above 17 % . 
  germany is aragorn , france is legolas and italy is gimli . 
  the netherlands , belgium , luxemburg and liechtenstein are the hobbits and the uk is boromir . 
  ukip are the nazg\u00fbls and farage is the witch king . 
   that said , the share of the muslim population will still go up drastically it went down here ... the largest point was reach in 2005 when the muslim population almost reached 6 % . 
  in 2012 it was 4,9 % . 
  islamification is a myth . 
   nato is clearly trying to encircle and intimidate russia + it 's operations in the last 15 years have been extremely questionable . 
  i find it funny that you think the nato trying to intimidate/work against russia . 
  because that was nato 's main goal when it was founded . 
  it was an initiative against the soviet union and the warsaw pact . 
  thinking nato 's actions are questionable is like saying :  the communist party might be socialist . 
  their view on social policies have been extremely questionable . 
  the ` communist ' part in the party 's name did n't gave it away ? 
  maybe . 
  a lot of people say : `` none would benefit from it '' or `` putin would n't be so stupid '' . 
  but not everything is predictable . 
  putin is still human and he could actually make a mistake and cause something like this . 
  i do n't think it 's likely , but i do not think you can simply state ` no ' . 
  he who loves peace , prepare for war . 
  well obviously if a personal hobby is important besides political opinion germany would be a better choice ( depending on what that hobby is ), 
  well if i 'd had to choose between those i 'd say scandinavia . 
  their education is very good , lots of nature , they 're also the happiest countries . 
  i 'd only choose germany if it was vital for my job or if i was a real germany fan . 
   ( i 'm a far left liberalist who would like nothing better than to see the glorious socialist united states of europe , so bear that in mind ! ), 
  scandinavia . 
  the internet is the name of the network that all computers form . 
  the www is the thing that allows you to navigate that network . 
  basically the us made the internet and cern made the first web browser . 
  the americans created the internet . 
  cern created the world wide web . 
  yes but the main infrastructure was built in the us and that is all that really matters here . 
  the amount of people affected by a measure like this are a result of your government 's actions . 
  you ca n't blame us for this . 
  if your government would 've never spied on us this would 've never been necessary . 
  the internet was created in the us , that 's why all the most basic infrastructure is located there . 
  people never bothered to change it because it was n't needed , until now . 
  no , he does n't but this is not the case here . 
  a ` schengen cloud ' will not be at the expense of us citizens . 
  it will only be damage a part of the industry . 
  but that 's what you get for damaging our 's . 
  especially in the north-west roads are really well maintained . 
  no you did not . 
  there is actual proof that channels like rtr are state controlled . 
  there is no indication that channels like cnn and fox are state controlled . 
  that is what makes cnn and fox righteously biased and rtr non-righteously biased . 
   well it is true , but heck , it already happened . 
  no way back . 
  that 's a really bad excuse and you know it . 
  cnn and fox news are independent . 
  they might be biased as shit , but that biased shit is still their own opinion and they are not forced to have it . 
   also , it is still free speech to listen to other ' opinion , even if it is putin 's , obama 's , merkel 's or whoever yes , it is free speech to voice someone else 's opinion but it is not free speech if you are forced to voice it . 
  this does n't happen in obama 's or merkel 's case . 
  it does happen in putin 's case . 
  rtr is not free speech , what they show on that channel is not their opinion . 
  it 's putin 's opinion .
