   look at you , you pathetic piece of work . 
  already did , i am awesome . 
   stop supporting who , my parents ? 
  you idiot ? 
  no , racists and neo-fascists . 
   no , you are making false accusations against me of being a racist , a white supremacist and a neo-nazi based on nothing but your stupid paranoid suspicions . 
  no , i am basing it on your actions . 
   you are a fool , a knave and you have no right to be moralizing . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  zero value coming from a fascist . 
  i think the whole point of an unilateral declaration of independence is to ignore the constitution on the matter . 
  no , the subreddit has boomed , with tons of new people coming in . 
  brigading from places like / r/european has also become more common the past few months . 
  they are right to be paranoid , the thread here is an example of what 's actually coming here . 
  no , brigading . 
  i hope it is taking off . 
  the more white supremacists are divided , the better . 
  oh and it makes a convenient place for me to tag neo-nazis , 
  if you think that was better , fine with me . 
  do n't get annoyed when you get banned here , like most white supremacists . 
  just so people know , this guy browses multiple white supremacist subreddits more than / r/europe . 
  take a look at / r/european to see what happens when a subreddit vows to ditch all rules . 
  if it takes off , remind me in a few months . 
  it will be a circlejerk . 
  if you moderate it , you lose . 
  yep , with a founder like that the subreddit will definitely be a circlejerk :d . 
  yeah , because the mods here were ` repressing ' anti-immigration comments , so he mad a subreddit ` without ' any moderation over the comments , except when you insult the subreddit itself . 
  the result is that more and more extremist views swallowed the whole thing . 
   but i gladly reserve the space just in case anybody wants to liberate themselves from power abuse . 
  that 's what i am saying . 
  what you 're proposing is exactly how / r/european got made . 
  `` we will make our own subreddit without oppressing mods and with free speech ! '', 
  * a couple weeks later * anti-foreigner circlejerk and stormfront subreddit . 
  yep . 
  i 've tagged a shitload of / r/european redditors with the ` neo-nazi ' tag , i see a lot more of them here than in usual threads . 
  wtf is happening in this thread ? 
  mods , no mercy . 
  a.k.a / r/european 2.0 ? 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted sly , have some upvotes on me . 
  i think they do n't mean things like that . 
  making jokes like that is still possible in the comments , but keep it from becoming a dank meme fest . 
  i am sure i do . 
  the queen is not a demand when being like canada . 
  some former british places have already got rid of the queen , and i think some island are also currently busy with getting rid of her . 
   i 'm looking at it from a different perspective . 
  to think we suddenly changed our ways in 1945 is just foolish . 
  i know . 
  you 're looking at it from the stereotypical redneck perspective . 
  i 'm looking at it from the more popular perspective . 
   i agree with you . 
  no you do n't , because i do n't think those things were errors . 
  the hague . 
   and we could have been if we focused more on ourselves and not our ridiculous global alliances . 
  what global alliances ? 
  america did n't start this shit until the later part of it 's history . 
  you guys only really became dicks to the rest of the world after ww2 , therefore there was almost no american hegemony at all or fancy nato-esque alliances . 
  hell , shortly before ww2 ( or was it ww1 ? ), 
  you guys made plans for another war with the uk . 
  i see this guy a lot here . 
  all european governments are corrupt , we 're all going to die etcetera . 
   i think if i would emmigrate i would choose your seemingly less radical northern neighbor though . 
  exactly , canada is what america should 've been :p, 
  20 million in a country of 143,5 million is a few . 
  it 's only about 16 % of the population . 
  16 % of a population is few , does n't matter whether i 'm chinese or andorran . 
   sorry , ca n't let you take the easy way out this time . 
  this sub really needs to confront its demons and make decisions about how to handle them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we 're confronting you . 
  the article is written by anonymous and deleted by the independent self . 
  thus it has no source no matter how many google caches you have . 
   i 'm sorry but what ? 
  one website writes an idiotic article and every bigot on the internet takes it as proof that they 're oppressed and that they are right in their views . 
  do you honestly want to support this thing ? 
  i only said the article was straight out racist . 
  i did not say anything besides that , nor did i express any views on who i think is ` oppressed ' or ins ` t. 
  the only thing here is an article blaming one race for something . 
  that 's racist . 
  it was deleted because it is straight out racist . 
  tl ; dr for everyone : students get fucked over because universities are ruled by white men . 
  partially agree . 
  putin and the russian government are popular in russia . 
  i only feel sorry for the few who do not like them . 
  and ? 
  it 's a sub about europe , half of it talks about ukraine . 
  ukraine is in europe is n't it ? 
   all i asked is why poland is butthurt ? 
  i 've got a much better question : why are you so butthurt about this sub ? 
  d'aww . 
  it 's like esti who wants to be nordic, 
  goddamn it denmark , lose some weight . 
   i see you 're from friesland , currently living in overrijsel , no offense , but it does n't surprise me you did n't hear complaints until recently , since very few colored people live in these provinces . 
  oh al right , hahaha . 
  okay . 
  i see you 've got nothing of worth to add . 
  while we 're at it , no offence but it does n't surprise me you do n't know anything about dutch tradition and are a social justice warrior . 
  you 're just little spoiled brat from the randstad . 
  explains a lot lol . 
   if that was true , there would n't have been an increasingly agressive discussion about zwarte piet in the netherlands for the last two years . 
  not true .
