  let me ask you this . 
  the 1,7 billion . 
  who pays it ? 
   i do n't think i said that 1.7 billion is not equal to 1.7 billion . 
  no , but you said a lot of stuff with it that did n't matter . 
  i filtered the only important information out of it . 
   and comparing the two on nominal terms does n't make sense . 
  yes it does . 
  the uk needs to pay an extra 1,7 billion to the eu . 
  now how much is this for the uk ? 
  for the uk it is , 1,7 billion . 
  the uk wanted it 's people to pay an extra 1,07 billion to them . 
  now how much is this for the uk ? 
  for the uk it is , 1,07 billion . 
  the eu 's budget does n't matter since we 're comparing to things in the uk budget . 
  1,7 billion for the uk , is 1,7 billion . 
  whether the eu budget is 1 euro or a 500 trillion euro . 
  the size of the eu budget does n't matter . 
  1,7 billion = 1,7 billion no matter how big the total is . 
  i do n't think so seeing as the colour changes . 
  when the blue is darker , so is the yellow . 
  pretty sure that 's not really doable with paint . 
   they are declaring independence tomorrow they already have . 
  i think it 's meant to look stitched . 
  lol when i visited in istanbul my phone used the provider ` turkcell ' and on our way to the city was saw a restaurant called ` burgerturk ' . 
  welcome to novorossiya . 
  we 're not involved . 
  - europe, 
  i speak german . 
  is that enough ? 
  not sure if joking ... or actually offended . 
  we love the asians . 
  unlike the middle-easterners , turks and the like they keep themselves to themselves . 
  the stereotypical person from the middle-east , turkey is involved with crime . 
  the stereotypical asian is someone who does n't get involved with anything and either gets a high skilled job after graduating university or works as a cook in an oriental restaurant ... 
   your data is 7 years old . 
  in spain in 7 years we went from `` emerging power '' to `` poor man of europe '' than it is still only 6 million . 
  it will still not benefit the economy because more land becomes available . 
   but there will be more arable land , more beaches , better housing , more fishes and more energy ( both hydro/solar/whatever hydrocarbons we have ) . 
  completely exaggerated . 
  a declining population will result in more land and resources for us . 
  but , our population is only going to decline a few million . 
  in 2060 the eu 's population will be about 3 million people larger than it is now . 
  so you wo n't notice any positive effects in the form of more resources , land and beaches . 
  the decline is simply too tiny ( and even non-existent compared to now ) to have any noticeable effects on this kind of thing . 
  we start talking about more land and resources once we get dramatic decline , [ like a large part of our society dying of a disease . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consequences_of_the_black_death#social.2c_environmental.2c_and_economic_effects )  spain 's population will go down 6 millions in 50 years according to our always too optimistic government . 
  according to projections done by [ europe ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_stat-08-119_en.htm ) , the eu 's population will grow to 520 million in 2035 and then lower the 505 million in 2060 . 
  so a population decline of 15 million people in 25 years is what i would call , ` couple million ' . 
  yes , but europe is not the cause of it . 
  if europe would not shrink , but stabilize it 's population in the future , the global population peak will still barely change . 
  it will remain 11 billion . 
  it might get a couple million less , but it 's still about 4 billion more people than now . 
  so global population should n't really be taken into account when we 're discussing population decline in europe . 
   if those babies were born today in 6 years they 'll be 6 , so they would n't be able to solve your problem . 
  not all baby boomers were born in 1955 . 
  a new spurt of growth will solve the problem , but it will not prevent it . 
  i know it wo n't prevent it , but an ageing population is n't a one time event . 
  once the population ages severely ( baby boomers start retiring and/or start needing additional healthcare ) it will lasts for years . 
  the last baby boomers start going above the 65 threshold 16 years from now and the economic effects will last for years after that because the baby boomers are going to need more healthcare as the first baby boomers starting going in their late 70 's when the last ones enter retirement . 
  then they need to start getting in their 80 's before they start massively dying . 
  21 years from now , the first baby boomers will reach the age of 80 + . 
  so if we start increasing birthrates now , those children will reach adulthood in the midst of the ageing problem and that will help get rid of the problem and shorten the economic setback . 
   i simply disagree with the idea of keeping the population stable , both for egotistical reasons ( more for me ) and for ecological/social ones . 
  wo n't happen . 
  there will not be more for you , because everything is going to lower . 
  less people = less customers . 
  less customers means that companies that produce wares are going to lose profits . 
  if they want to keep their profits , they must either lower production and with it production costs , or they must make their prices higher . 
  so if the population shrinks , companies will produce less and/or prices will go up . 
  you wo n't benefit from it . 
  the ecological effects are also negligible . 
  the population in europe might lower , but in africa and some parts of asia the population is booming right now . 
  africa is going to grow with 3 billion people within the next 86 years , europe 's population is going to shrink a couple million . 
  so whatever benefit the ecosystem gets from us curbing growth is destroyed by that of africa . 
  the little effect it has is n't going to matter . 
  it is a much smarter idea to invest in green energy , better isolation , transport , urbanisation and restoring nature through reservation , than to shrink the population . 
  those things are going to benefit our ecosystem and climate more than any population shrink we could have in europe . 
  in order to decrease work hours , we must increase worker pay . 
  in order to do this we need enormous automation . 
  even though this automation is coming and i agree it is the solution , it is not ready yet . 
  currently the oldest baby boomers here ( born in 1955 , youngest baby boomers born in 1965 ) are 59 . 
  they 're going to start crossing the 65 threshold within 6 years . 
  6 years is way too short . 
  the only short term solutions is increasing birthrates to 2,1 or just above it and/or immigration . 
  the ideal solution of automation is going to take decades . 
   such hypocrites , we should bring in euthanasia instead of immigrants and see how they like that  i mean euthanasia in that old people should be allowed to end their lives when they see fit and not killing them just because ... we already have that ...  i still think it 's pretty disingenuous and a slap in the face to the young europeans who are unemployed that this generation who are in power keep importing more immigrants when they ca n't provide jobs for their own kids that 's a totally different issue . 
  current immigration has nothing to do with the oncoming ageing population . 
  the solution is trying to get birthrates to approximation 2,1 . 
  it may differ by country and by period , but something around 2,1 keeps a population stable . 
  disease , accidents , crime and ( im ) migration included ) . 
   i mean they say we need immigration for some impending age crisis while all the time youth unemployment is like 25 % the key word is ` impending ' . 
  it 's coming , but it 's not here yet , because the baby bloomers are n't massively retiring or in need of special care , they 're now entering their sixties here in the netherlands and retirement age is 65/67 . 
  youth unemployment is 16,2 % here . 
  after the crisis is over and youth unemployment starts dropping , the first effects of the ageing population would come from people retiring . 
  later on there are going to be new effects from the baby boomers getting older and needing healthcare . 
  just because youth unemployment is high now , does not mean that it wo n't be low in the future . 
  in fact actual predictions point out that especially western europe would be going to same direction as japan . 
  look up how japan 's ageing population is affecting it 's economy . 
   such hypocrites , we should bring in euthanasia instead of immigrants and see how they like that one involved allowing people to live in your country , the other one is killing people .
