  i totally agree , but i 'd still make a difference between parts of the religions , because they 're diverse and throwing all believers ( unintentionally ) on one heap will only cause more problems . 
  you are a bit . 
  if you 're going to say islam is a hateful ` ideology ' , you also say something ( indirectly and most likely also without really meaning it ) about the people that follow islam but are liberal and progressive . 
  there 's no point in hating an ` ideology ' if it is so diverse . 
  it is much better and much more valid to say that fundamental islamic ideology is evil , because then you are obviously excluding the muslims that are good . 
  it 's a bit like when people here on / r/europe say : i hate russia . 
  who do they hate ? 
  the people ? 
  the country ? 
  the government ? 
  hating the entire russian population is insane , but hating the russian government is a valid opinion . 
   just because a significant amount of people are too stupid to understand basic concepts does not mean that we should redefine them . 
  actually , we do that constantly . 
  like did you know that dictionaries now also often list ` intensifier ' as a usage of the word ` literally ' . 
  it 's a good example of how common use shapes fact . 
   targeting people on the other hand should not . 
  this also means you ca n't generalize . 
  i have no problems with people hating on certain beliefs and traditions in islam like a lot of stuff from sharia law , but it does n't mean you have to hate islam all together . 
  because that is when you stop hating on ideology and start hating on the people associated with it . 
  well yeah that makes sense when you 're talking about numbers , but here we 're talking about a rate . 
  weird colour choice though , i associate red with decrease and blue with increase . 
  i think he might not mean russians in general , but the russia state . 
  that seems to be true a little though . 
  putin recently used people from the caucasus to blame the murder of nemtsov on . 
  a ) it 's pretty hard to ignore it , since russia has a veto in the un security council . 
  if this thing is to be approved by the un , russia should n't oppose . 
  if they do ... 
   you implied that eu has authority over poland , which is not true . 
  except it is . 
   eu is just a set of treaties between some countries . 
  except it is n't . 
   i would really love religious tolerance would be two way street . 
  so would i , imagine if muslims could promote religious tolerance without people talking it down . 
  i ` love ' this . 
  muslims do something evil : why is islam so intolerant ? 
  muslims do something good : why is islam so intolerant ? 
  a non-muslim does something good that involves islam : why is islam so intolerant ? 
  if people want to promote good values , perhaps we should do them the favour of praising them , instead of waving it off with stereotyping . 
  for someone who argues that the other party is so intolerant , you seem to be very much intolerant yourself . 
  the guy who started this is n't even muslim himself . 
  we do n't know . 
  neither did we know anyone was going to genocide jews in the 1930 's . 
  yes , so if the polish prime-minister does not veto it ( this does not in anyway contradict my earlier statement ) , poland will have to agree . 
  whether a majority of poles want it or not . 
  that is how it works . 
  totally agree . 
  most of europe is already ( starting with ) recovering from the crisis , including the uk , which will heighten the positivity about the eu . 
  the pro-eu side will also gets a bonus at the end as just like the scottish referendum , there will be a lot of people deciding to vote for the status quo at the last moment . 
  also add the fact that pretty much all major parties would campaign for staying in . 
  i 'm looking positively towards the referendum , as it will most likely solidify the uk as part of the eu . 
  we could , but then we should n't whine when international law suddenly does n't protect us anymore too . 
  if the european member states agreed that everyone should immediately adopt the euro , poland will adopt it , leave the eu or be massively fined . 
   why would you reject it ? 
  i would . 
  if i were in stalin 's position and came from the ussr i would n't . 
  this does n't excuse anything . 
   both parties knew the war was inevitable and both wanted to buy some time to prepare . 
  it was a huge gamble that did n't ultimately pay off for either side . 
  yes , and ussr made the gamble that included invading and annexing multiple european countries . 
  again : no excuse . 
   he was not racist . 
  he was . 
  if he want to not look like one , he should n't word his comments like one . 
   amsterdam is 50 % immigrants already . 
  only 30 non western but still gets close to a majority . 
  completely bogus . 
  50 % immigrants . 
  immigrants of what degree ? 
  if they have dutch citizenship , they 're dutch . 
  even if their grandparents moved here from africa or the middle-east . 
  the whole notion that ` europeans ' are going to become a minority , completely conflicts with reality . 
  it has been decided with statistics time and time again . 
  even if immigrants keep coming at the current rate , even if immigrants birthrates remain the same ( in the netherlands immigrant birthrates are lowering ) they wo n't become a majority . 
  the only ones currently endorsing this view are people that want to believe they will , so they can excuse their backward worldviews . 
   slowly giving away europe to africans and muslims until europeans become a minority is not a good idea . 
  europeans becoming a minority is a scenario almost always endorsed by white supremacists . 
   pim fortuin he was a politician , he can advocate whatever he wants , but here at / r/europe we have standards . 
  which means you can criticize immigration , as long as it stays away from being racist . 
   i oppose you , therefore my opinions do not matter . 
  no , your opinions are based on outdated ideas of what the west is and does , without any connection to reality . 
  that is why they do not matter . 
   only you , one of the worthy , have seen the mysterious westerner strategy . 
  so have many eastern europeans , but you 're not one of them . 
   but i bet it did n't come as a surprise . 
  betting is a horrible way to discuss history ...  however , i would 've backstabbed hitler in 1939 had i a guarantee of france and britain opening a second front . 
  you would do that , but you would never be the leader of the ussr . 
  if you had been the leader of the ussr , you would n't have known what you know now , and there is 0 guarantee that you would know any better of what hitler would do than stalin . 
  the only reason you 're saying now that you would 've backstabbed hitler , is because you know that hitler backstabbed and what the result was . 
  had you been in stalin 's position , you would n't have known . 
  there is no defending the ribbentrop-molotov pact . 
   and i do n't your country to tell my country what to do that 's fine , but if the eu decides it will , your country will . 
  no , but neither was anyone genociding jews in the 1930 's . 
  the mods have become incredibly lazy . 
  hopefully the fact that they 're taking a lot of mod applicants means the mods are preparing an offensive ( lol ) . 
  there really needs to be a massive clean up on / r/europe . 
  how the fuck is this shit on 7 points . 
  mods do your fucking jobs for once . 
   evil ? 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  where did i ever say something like that .
