  what has slavery got to do with this ? 
  potato europe . 
  electricity is a basic need , cutting it will most likely be seen as a casus belli by russia , an act that justifies war . 
  i 'm not that into tulips but i do know they do n't bloom all year . 
  `` why is sweden a developed country ? '', 
  haha . 
  take that you kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f6ds . 
  no shit . 
  text with better translation :  it is a growing problem among russian world leaders : anorexia nervosa . 
  the conquest disorder affects mostly leaders with low self-esteem and fear of loss of geopolitical influence . 
   the main symptoms are the incorporation of peninsulas , occupying sovereign states and organizing winter games . 
  some patients put punk singers trapped in siberia . 
   lyudmila putina ( 56 ) experienced the disorder first hand . 
  she was married to an anorexic patient until she filed for a divorce last year : `` in the beginning i did not notice , but at one point he started to attack georgian republics . 
  i should have already been suspicious . '', 
   lyudmila came more than once in embarrassing situations : `` if we somehow were eating in a restaurant , he could recognize from scratch the independence of abkhazia . 
  then of course i saw the glances towards our table and i could sink through the floor . '', 
   igor tirmanov is a psychiatrist in st. petersburg . 
  according to him , there is little knowledge of the causes of anorexia in the international community : `` many conquest disorders result from a traumatic childhood experience , such as the disintegration of a communist empire or losing a cold war . '', 
   the treatment options are limited . 
  `` with economic sanctions and the freezing of funds , we can at most slow down the symptoms . 
  a real cure for anorexia is still far away . 
  much more awareness and research is needed . 
  however , it is currently in the process of testing the new anti-oppressiva . '', 
   the international community organizes support groups like the g8 , where annexeriapati\u00ebnten can lose their threatening language . 
  this always makes for not understanding the problem of many annexeriapati\u00ebnten is not recognizing peers . 
  because a rural place has n't got anything ? 
  if i were a university professor for example , i would n't live in a small town hours away from the nearest university , i 'd live in a university city . 
  independence here , independence there . 
  the efa would probably do well in the coming elections . 
  [ tulip fields !, 
  ] ( http://www.thisiscolossal.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/tulips-9.jpg ), 
  at first i thought you were making a sarcastic remark by calling him that . 
  then i looked at his username . 
  lol . 
  irish is one of the last languages you have to worry about . 
  a language is one of the most important things that shapes your identity and cultural heritage . 
  when a group of people wants to be viewed separately from another group , they 'll look at language . 
  it is n't bad economically speaking . 
  but so is art . 
  just because there is n't a clear benefit , it should n't be maintained . 
  i remember seeing this article a couple of months ago . 
  or did he simply do it a second time ? 
  not really . 
  all of them have at least one or two idiots that shout for independence ... 
  i think that is its purpose : to show all the separatist movements and the territory they claim . 
  belgian minister president came with the intercity from brussels and arrived at amsterdam central lol . 
  from now on , i 'll be a belgian nationalist in the netherlands . 
  i know you were . 
  they might be good systems , but a majority of europeans do n't even know they exist . 
  if you 're going to convince people to drop microsoft , they 'll go to apple . 
  that 's kind of the problem . 
  the other real choice is apple , but i do n't see them doing any better :\\ . 
  during the opening ceremony of the olympics , they showed each country projected on the floor . 
  when the polish team came up , the russians projected poland on the floor with kalinin being a part of it . 
  ronald makes me cringe ... 
  do n't you remember the joke ? 
  does anyone else having this thought in the back of their head that says : `` i hope something bad happens , would make for some interesting tv . '', 
  the russians gave it to poland . 
  i 'm dutch . 
  expect everything we say to be direct . 
  airport busses do n't go into space . 
  it 's closer to the space shuttle than to an airport bus . 
  weird comparison . 
  and an ex-pm of norway is likely to become nato chef . 
  people are assholes :\\, 
  i have no idea why we 're both getting downvotes . 
  k , thanks . 
  question : why is the nato supreme allied commander europe always an american and never an european ? 
   pro-western coup in kiev does your tv have rt or do you watch it online ? 
  these were n't so bad . 
  the smart people got the most recommendations . 
  really ? 
  four already . 
  i guess i only paid attention to the national party . 
  this is actually the second colleague that quit over the chant . 
   hy is de messiah fan de gouden troan en wy syn z 'n trouwe astro-slaven . 
  like that ? 
  it 's a joke video . 
   that 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  pearl harbor was a surprise attack on us . 
  the french did n't see the german invasion of poland coming either . 
   the french had a mobilization timeline drawn out in the franco-polish defense treaty and they failed to uphold that timeline . 
  the franco-polish defense treaty :  3 . 
  if , notwithstanding the sincerely peaceful views and intentions of the two contracting states , either or both of them should be attacked without giving provocation , the two governments shall take concerted measures for the defence of their territory and the protection of their legitimate interests within the limits specified in the preamble . 
  wikipedia :  in case of aggression on poland , the french would keep the communication lines free , and keep germany in check , but was not required to send their troops or to declare war . 
  [ 1 ] a.k.a the french already did what the treaty required them to do without invading germany . 
  the unofficial treaty that france should invade germany was only made official 4 days after the invasion of poland . 
  the humour in this sub sometimes astounds me . 
  the french were n't prepared for a full blown invasion . 
  it 's like saying that the americans are blind for not attacking japan before pearl harbour happened . 
   while the german border on the other side was basically unguarded . 
  actually the french did attack germany ... 
  have you also been in the hague , rotterdam etc ? 
  amsterdam is n't the only city here . 
  you 're really going to challenge a dutch guy in a contest who knows most of amsterdam ? 
  morrocans have always been his focus . 
  they are so confusing ... 
   they did remove the bad men from governmental positions in iraq and pakistan this has n't been such a succes . 
  de friese taal in nederland wordt ook ` west-fries ' genoemd .
