  but if you can get it up even by a little , that 's good . 
  you could implement a similar system for national companies and citizens , but setting up such a tribunal is also more expensive than a normal case for a court . 
  so then the debate becomes , who pays ? 
  do individuals pay themselves ? 
  then you create a system where the rich can settle their cases at a little more objective tribunals , whilst the poor have to use normal courts . 
  does the state pay ? 
  how will the state finance that ? 
  more taxes ? 
  international companies can afford it . 
  besides , as i said the institutional bias is very small . 
  the added objectivisme is n't the goal , because it is so tiny . 
  the goal is to make investors more confident when they know they can use ( a little ) more objective tribunals . 
  this increases investment which increases trade . 
   do you really think anti-romanian bias is a legitimate problem in american courts ? 
  no , i believe it lowers a very little bit of bias that might be there , but it would make romanian investors more confident to invest in american and vice versa . 
   romanian company doing business operating a subsidiary internationally ( in america ) = international us law . 
  it still is international business , however you phrase it . 
   only under the presumption that national courts are not independent or fair , which clearly is n't the case for the west . 
  no , under the presumption that national courts are n't perfect . 
  even in the west innocent people get sometimes locked up . 
  that 's because even the best judges are still human . 
  by making sure that instead of a judge , a group that is split 50/50 between complaining company and state adds that little bit more objectivity , which bolsters investor confidence . 
   we do n't have multilateral courts for e.g. 
  extradition procedures no money involved here . 
  if a person is n't extradited to a country , that country does n't have any loss that needs to be compensated . 
  the main thing here is the morality difference between the country extraditing and the country that wants the extradition . 
   all international arbitration does is undermine national sovereignty in an attempt to win foreign companies preferential treatment over domestic ones and shield them from oversight in the jurisdictions in which they operate . 
  except the state wins 42 % of cases , companies 31 % en 27 % do n't even get to the point where one party wins . 
   a ) that 's called the cost of doing business . 
  no , that 's obstruction to doing business . 
  do you really think corruption/bias of legal institutions is the cost of doing business ? 
  making a wrong guess on where markets go or on how prices develop is the cost of business , which is n't covered by arbitrage tribunals . 
   if i am an american investor in the us , do i want romanian investors to have access to legal remedies to which my own company does not ? 
  american company doing business in america = american law . 
  romanian company doing business in romania = romanian law . 
  american company doing business internationally ( in romania ) = international laws romanian company doing business internationally ( in america ) = international law . 
  it makes sense . 
  international laws to govern international trade , national laws to govern national trade . 
  an company doing business in it 's country of origin has no fear of a judge ruling in favour of the party from a different country , companies doing business internationally do . 
  national companies have neither advantage or disadvantage from international arbitrage tribunals , it will be business as usual for them , having acces would not increase business as it does n't help judiciary decisions become more objective in any way . 
  in fact , an arbitrage tribunal would be more expensive , and thus be disadvantageous for countries that do no business in foreign countries . 
   this is n't a question of what investors want , it 's a question of what 's fair and just . 
  exactly , and investors want to be treated fair and just when doing business abroad . 
  international arbitrage does that better than national judiciary systems . 
   investor protection sort of makes sense if you 're dealing with unstable countries with autocratic governments , not in functioning democracies . 
  judges are n't immune to bias even in the west . 
  it is n't surprising if a judge rules in favour of his country of residence if the company making a claim is from the other side of the globe , even if the majority might not do that . 
  it allows foreign investors to settle disputes with the host country through international arbitration , which investors and countries can trust to be less biased . 
  you 're right , in europe and the us judges are very objective , but you ca n't read the mind of a judge . 
  international arbitration guarantees that the decision is objective . 
  because the tribunal consists of three persons : 1 appointed by the company/state making the complaint , 1 by the company/state receiving the complaint and 1 that is negotiated by both parties . 
  this ensures objectivity a lot better than just having a national judge decide . 
  consider a romanian company seeking arbitrage in the us . 
  the us being very nationalistic , would you really trust an american judge to make the decision if you were a romanian investor ? 
  or would you rather have a tribunal decide in which you can pick 50 % of the judges and the other party can pick 50 % ? 
  because it 's fair to companies . 
  a government can decide to for example give a grant , a license or something else to a company ( for example a license to drill for oil in a certain area ) and then the company starts investing in it . 
  then all of the sudden an election brings forth a new government that then retracts the grant or license . 
  the company has now invested money for nothing , which is pretty annoying . 
  so the investor protection basically says : governments can retract licenses , grant or whatever , but the company that got it should be compensated for the loss . 
  governments do not lose the ability to change laws or do stuff , but they are simply forced to compensate companies that were led to believe by the government that that would n't happen . 
  like a other user in this thread said , a good example :  japan used to change regulations as a form of protectionism . 
  japanese companies were always informed ahead of time and well prepared and importers were always screwed . 
  basically the investor protection prevents eu and canadian governments from pulling this stunt , as well as ensuring that if they do it , the disadvantaged companies get compensated . 
  this ensures more certainty and thus more investment . 
  it 's like a citizen getting a license to build a garage , only to have that license changed when half the garage had already been built . 
  you would like compensation for it , and a some people would n't built garages if something like that could happen . 
  schiaparelli has landed , but signal was lost during the last moment of the decent . 
  this is not entirely unexpected , however in order to see whether the landing has succeeded or not we have to wait on data from the mars express and trace gas orbiter , which might take 90 minutes . 
  because hollande is such a role model . 
  oh right , no that 's more serious . 
  i think a police officer can shoot in a case like this . 
  but i 'd rather call it `` attempted murder '' rather than assault . 
  which is basically what it is . 
  it is , but that is n't happening in these neighbourhoods . 
  in fact , the most recent attack with a molotov cocktail here in the netherlands , was not against the police by north africans from a problematic neighbourhood , but against a mosque . 
  the suspects are now being charged with terrorism . 
  which is not surprising really . 
  i can see an african immigrant integrate here and become a part of society , but japanese society can be hard to integrate into even for other east-asians :p, 
   i also doubt that tokyo or seoul for instance have such places , though i 'm not an expert on the subject . 
  they do . 
  recently saw a program on dutch tv about fraud in countries abroad . 
  japanese police actively warn tourists of neighbourhoods in tokyo , going as far as putting signs up that ban huddling together to speak in the street . 
  or police in riot gear to casually walk around . 
   so only when there are lots of sharia patrols should we worry ? 
  no , only then should we worry about the ` problems ' right-wingers like to pretend are existent right now . 
   the problem is that the idea that immigration is good and the issues are always exaggerated is pretty mainstream on the left . 
  as is the impulse to cover up reality when it interrupts their word view - rotherdam , sweden , cologne are just 3 high-profile examples . 
  lol . 
  a sentence before you 're trying to make it seem like you do n't think the sides should caricature each other , next two sentences you literally do that . 
  no , those are n't mainstream on the left . 
  what is mainstream on the left is : there are problems , but not the problems that the right thinks there is . 
  there are 100 % certainly problems with immigrants , but the left thinks these problems are caused by the circumstances these immigrants live in , the right thinks these problems are caused by the ethnicity of the immigrants . 
  yes , there is a problem with mainly north-african people . 
  is it because they 're north-african ? 
  no , it 's because they 're poor and not highly educated , which heightens crime in any ethnicity or group and north-african immigrants tend to be poorer and less educated than many other groups . 
  that is the ideology the left follows . 
  leftists do n't downplay cologne , they criticise right-wing accusations that these incidents are rooted in the ethnicity of the perpetrators rather than then the other variables in their life . 
  of course you 're going to accuse people of `` downplaying the problem '' if you believe the problem is rooted in immigrants ' genes and the other people do not . 
  take a step back and reflect .
