  good advice sweden . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/366o04/girl_12_beaten_by_classmate_for_wearing_crucifix/ fourth comment from the top , all your comments there got deleted . 
  please , atleast pretend to make an effort . 
  actually a former jihadist ( now an author and politician ) said that having them return is a much safer option , since they can be easily monitored and perhaps even rehabilitated when they 're in the uk . 
  holy shit you 've put effort in this ha . 
  you should make a regular feature here in which you criticize european songs . 
   if you would mix conchita wurst and susan boyle , you 'd hey serbia 's act this year . 
   very boring ballad about useless conflicts , which is n't a bad subject but a bit standard ( do n't get why they put ebola on the background though )  i can assure you , there are n't any worse songs than this one this year . 
  this is the definition of awful . 
  the best thing about this punk song is that it 's the shortest song ever in eurovision : only 90 seconds long , so if you want to do a toilet pause you got to be quick . 
   this song , written by 2013 participant anouk , could be best described as ` medium ' . 
  that 's what i thought when i read the title before reading the article.i thought it was a stunt gone wrong . 
  [ a much better design than i usually see . 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=earth+flags&amp;es_sm=122&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=8mtavyaxa-s07gak9icida&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=799#tbm=isch&amp;q=earth+flag ), 
  trianon is joke to you !? 
  how about i take your little comment and smash it . 
   sorry but no , rape in sweden is reaching epidemic proportions , most of my friends have been harassed at some point , immigrant driven crime in general is beyond control . 
  having lived here for 6 years i have been a victim of crime 8 times , 3 sexual assaults ( luckily not rape ) , 3 burglaries , 2 physical assaults and a violent mugging . 
  all but one was committed by an immigrant . 
  i used to be so liberal but this has changed my perspective on the world completely . 
  personal accounts are n't arguments . 
  i 've never been a victim of crime , conclusion : there is no crime in the netherlands . 
  rape in sweden is nowhere near epidemic proportions . 
  take the graph in the top comment . 
  an increase of rape by 4.500 cases in 30 years in a country of a couple million is barely an epidemic . 
   for example the us dollar have very nice bills oh no us bills are fugly . 
  [ eurobills are so much fancier ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/euro-banknotes-five-up-to-five-hundred-1270341.jpg ), 
  what is the view in saudi arabia and egypt ( where you said you were from ) on the immigrants trying to cross the mediterranean ? 
  hhmm , i assumed it was scandinavia because the whole thing about ` welfare and diversity officer ' seemed pretty swedish to me . 
  ... am i the racist ... ? 
   it should not be acceptable to violently assault someone and get a slap on the wrist . 
  right , because it should be acceptable to prosecute children as if they were adults . 
  do n't see how a thing that happened in scandinavia that involved skin colour , is relevant to something in italy that involved religion ? 
   civilwarineurope.com ... what ? 
  do n't think euronews is all good though . 
  they often repeat the same news all day long . 
  [ it is a repost though . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2x8knt/italstellar_a_brilliant_interstellar_parody_about/ ), 
  nevermind that upvote i guess . 
  well this is certainly an interesting turn of events . 
  rare these days . 
  upvotes for the american . 
   instead we need to insist on differentiating people from ideology which will never happen . 
  people will always be associated with their ideology . 
  the best we can do is make differentiating the various ideologies and their subgroups . 
   civil society does n't work if ideologies are n't scrutinized as harshly as possible , on all levels . 
  civil society also does n't work if people are being discriminated against or attacked . 
  nor does civil society work if the followers of an ideology are all lumped together , especially if it is an ideology with more than a billion adherents . 
   it ( criticism ) 's necessary in order to have an open market place of ideas and democracy . 
  and it ( protecting people , not ideas ) is necessary in order to maintain social peace . 
  you keep going on about how i 'm protecting an idea . 
  i am not protecting an idea , i am protecting the right of people to have an idea without people lumping all different ideas together and call it by one name . 
  you can criticize the idea , you ca n't put them all together and hate the group . 
   i 'm an anti theist and i think superstition ( which religion has no monopoly on ) , especially institutionalized superstition , and especially if it comes with a tribal identity based on a bronze age book , should always be rejected . 
  so am i , but you need to realize that attacking all institutionalized superstition is absolutely going to add nothing to our society . 
  it does n't matter whether someone who is progressive believes in a fairy tale or not , what does matter if there are fairy tail believers that are conservative and hating . 
  the whole notion of ` let 's attack all of religion ' is a very nice idea , but it is much better for society to help the moderate parts of religion and fight the fundamentalist part . 
  religion in general is not a threat , fundamentalist religion is . 
  not making a difference between moderate and fundamentalist adherents does not help this , instead it hinders it . 
  if someone believes gays should be equal , that there are no races and that we should live in free , open democracies , them believing an invisible spirit is not a problem , nor does helping get rid of that believe help in anyway . 
  the important thing in this is political ideas . 
   moderates only serve as a shield for fundamentalists , and that 's why even moderate ignorance should n't be defended . 
  as previously said , attacking the moderates is the same as helping the fundamentalist . 
  attacking the moderates adds nothing , yet it does help as we encourage people towards fundamentalism , which is a much bigger threat . 
  a world with a majority of good believers , is preferable to a world with a majority of believers , some of which are fundamental . 
  i say this not to be rude but to make people realize that they are already not following the religion . 
  if you can do nonchantalty disregard a part of the religious text which you espouse to be sacred maybe it 's time to leave the religion  . 
  i actually agree , but it is a bit of a non-realistic/theoretical approach to it . 
  people who do not follow certain scriptures will count themselves as part of the religion , so will many people outside of the religion , so it 's best to just do them the favour and count them as an adherent to that religion anyway . 
   but i see your point should i be saying that i dislike a certain interpretation then ? 
  no , of course not :p . then you 'll be doing we call ` mierenneuken ' in dutch . 
  it literally translates to ` ant fucking ' aka , being way too precise . 
  just use the more general word ` fundamentalist/extremist islam ' . 
  it is broad enough to include any ` unlikeable ' group within islam , but it is narrow enough to exclude people that , people who dislike islamic ideology , generally do not mind . 
   but we are n't talking about muslims , but about islam , the ideology . 
  i am very much talking about muslims . 
  that 's my whole point in this entire thread : when you say you hate islam , you unintentionally ( i hope ) , include all the moderate muslims . 
  you 're attacking the ideology , which is fine , but you 're making moderate muslims the collateral damage . 
  changing from attacking the ideology of islam , to attacking the ideology of fundamentalist islam ( the same way we attack the ideology of fundamentalist christianity , but leave christianity as a whole be for the most part ) prevents this even though you still make the exact same point . 
  that 's the whole thing i am saying . 
   i do n't think islam is quite as broad as people tend to think . 
  nor do i think it is as narrow as people tend to think . 
  the whole quote you posted is downright wrong . 
  yes , religious moderation is the product of secular knowledge ( not scriptural ignorance , in fact it is knowing about certain scriptures that makes people turn their back on them ) , but it does n't mean we should target the moderates of a religion just as hard as the fundamentalist . 
  it is true , that if religions have moderates that go against the stricter groups of followers , there is something inherently wrong with the religion . 
  but this does not excuse attacking all the members of a religion at the same time , with the same ferocity . 
  btw , what do you mean with this :  they imagine that the path to peace will be paved once each of us has learned to respect the unjustified beliefs of others . 
  that religious moderates believe we should respect the fundamentalist ? 
  or does the author of that piece of text use ` unjustified beliefs of others ' to refer to the faith of the moderates ? 
   well i dislike the quran and many of the ideas in it . 
  but if you 're a muslim you follow the quran as it 's the literal word of god for you . 
  so , when a muslim has a belief that differs from what the quran literally says , he 's no longer a muslim ... ? 
  a.k.a someone has to hate people like gays if they are to be real muslims ? 
   try switching that with other ideologies ( take social darwinism , stalinism , even nazism or fascism ) and see if you come to the same conclusion . 
  i did and it does n't work the same because : those mentioned things are all very narrow , where as islam is not . 
  like , nazism hates jews and it is impossible to find a real nazi that does n't hate jews . 
  ` islam ' hates gays , but it is compltely possible to find muslims that do not hate gays . 
  try switching it with broader ideologies for a fair comparison like : socialism , capitalism , liberalism . 
  obviously those things are not necessarily evil , even though people following them can be evil . 
   i do n't think ( any ) religion ( as in religious doctrine , institutionalized superstition , religious ideology ) ought to be respected and i do n't think it should be defended , and people should n't be pressured into accepting it .
