   `` it is the fact that russia is in a war state against ukraine . 
  that means it is in a state of war against a country which would like to be closely integrated with the eu . 
  practically russia is in a state of war against europe , '' that 's not an analogy . 
  it 's a statement . 
  an analogy is comparing situation a , by telling it as if it were situation b which looks like it , to get across a point . 
  for example niels bohr 's analogy between the model of the atom and the model of the solar system : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:bohr_atom_model_english.svg he compared the atom to the solar system even though they 're completely different things that looked a bit like each other in order to get his point across of what an atom is . 
  simply saying : russia fights ukraine , ukraine wants to join the eu , thus russia is fighting the eu . 
  is not using an analogy . 
  you 're simply stating something . 
   military assistance is not helping from the side my friend , it 's blowing past security in the atrium , ignoring the secretary saying he 's not in and going to speak directly with the ceo . 
  you imagine that we could just send in a couple of pieces of equipment and that would be it , but the truth is that to have a meaningful impact we 'd have to send in advanced equipment and trainers to teach the ukranians how to use it , since modern weapon systems are not exactly point-and-shoot , nor is their maintenance trivial . 
  if you 're just going to assume things about me , let 's terminate this conversation . 
   and probably designed to attract clicks . 
  no way : o that 's what every single title is supposed to do . 
  they are meant to encourage you reading the article , that 's their whole purpose . 
   you should say that to the lithuanian president , i merely replicated the absurdity of what he said . 
  in the article she does n't use an analogy . 
   sure thing boss , but that does n't mean i 'm going in to speak with her managers and try to find a solution . 
  of course not , but you should back her up and assist from the side . 
  :p  especially because she decided to marry me only when her job situation started to get shaky . 
  she ca n't help that her managers get upset because she decided to marry you , because you 've been stealing their friends lately . 
  well to play the devil 's advocate : there 's a lot of tundra . 
  both cold and hot tundra 's in the north and south . 
  also : the most widespread map type ( mercator ) makes countries that are further away from the equater look bigger . 
  so this might make russia look larger than it is . 
  ( still largest country in the world , though ), 
   sure , just as i am effectively an employee of sancorp because my wife works for them . 
  what a dumb analogy . 
  you ca n't just make up an analogy and use it as an argument . 
  you 're not an employee of sancorp , but your wife 's position is important to keep a stable relationship/life . 
  especially if you have children . 
  seeing as she earns a part of the total income . 
  so if your wife is at risk of losing her position , it is of importance to you . 
  when my dad was asked by a company to go work for them , he also discussed it with my mother to see if he should accept the offer . 
  just because you do n't work at your wife 's job , does n't mean it has nothing to do with you . 
  the title is a direct quote from the lithuanian president . 
  countries involved at present include denmark , latvia , estonia , lithuania , norway and the netherlands . 
  canada has also expressed an interest in taking part . 
  no one complains about japan getting to organize it . 
  do n't pretend you 're more stupid than you 're actually are . 
  you know very well what he means . 
  battleships and other naval vessels have more capabilities than patrol boats . 
  they can also stay on sea longer , where as patrol boats need to return to harbour after a given amount of time . 
  i love renzi . 
  i do n't know , but he 's so goofy . 
  / r/european . 
  a.k.a / r/antiimmigration, 
  in space industry terms , that 's just a moment ago . 
  you 're the only one talking about shooting them . 
  i never mentioned it . 
  first off : we 're not talking about the police . 
  we 're talking about the navy . 
  secondly : we 're not talking about coast patrols but actual sea blockades . 
  and thirdly : you 're making it seem like a bigger problem than it is . 
  9,999 illegal migrants do n't get in , but 1 does because he managed to find a corrupt sailor . 
  that 's still a success . 
  there is corruption , but not nearly enough for it to be an actual deal . 
   plus , there 's the risk of corruption of course you 're just making up problems now . 
   i am sure they will be smart enough to change the route . 
  and then will change the location of the blockade . 
   anyway , prepare yourself for the next wave of romanians , and our fellow bulgarians - we are coming !, 
  what has that got to do with illegal immigrants coming to europe from northern africa . 
  eu as a whole obviously . 
  the migrants enter via italy and spain ( also via the border of greece and turkey ) but aim for all kinds of european countries . 
  you do n't need to make a blockade the entire length of the mediterranean , you only need to blockade their most important landing places , lampedusa and granada . 
   is there an ` equivalent ' to building a wall ? 
  a blockade of battleships ? 
  was n't born yet , haha . 
  because crimea , with it 's semi-autonomy and large russian population , getting annexed by ' local militias ' for russia is a lot more plausible than it is happening in eastern-ukraine . 
  it 's less of a surprise . 
  biggest gun a civilian can legally buy in the us is a ww2 german anti-aircraft artillery piece . 
  [ occupation . 
  ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6htxbro5abi/ustdhiuyivi/aaaaaaaabvu/cdi4jrw9rlu/s1600/that-word-means.gif ) occupation : the seizure and control of an area by military forces , especially foreign territory . 
  the russian military seized and controls crimea ( which was foreign territory ) which makes it an occupied area . 
  are you saying that russia did n't seize/control it , or are you saying that russia did n't use it 's military ? 
  non-russian crimea is ** way ** older than russian crimea . 
  58,5 % of crimeans is russian , most of these russians moved there in soviet times , percentage of russian ethnicities in crimea was 49,6 % in 1939 . 
   it 's not `` occupied poland '' . 
  it 's prussia - adolf hitler , 1939 . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  what i 'm talking about right now is the idea that the constitution can withhold anything , while obviously things can and sometimes will slip through . 
  the constitution is n't flawless , and people should n't act like it is . 
  if people kept that more in mind , it might actually have people look at governments a bit more suspicious . 
  it will stop most things , but it will depend on a lot of other things . 
  there are things the us government does ( the us government is n't alone in this ) that should n't be allowed by the constitution , but still happen because a lot of people do n't seem to care or because it gets no attention at all . 
  the boston bombings might be a bad example , because due to the attention the whole thing obviously got , it would be hard to dodge the constitution . 
  minor war crimes are a better example . 
  if the us government wants something to happen , for example covering up a minor war crime , it can let it happen if the conditions are right without judges saying much about it . 
  once again that depends on multiple factors . 
  if a war crime gets a lot of attention , for example a us soldier that shot multiple civilians in afghanistan , the us government ca n't cover it up or does n't even want to cover it up due to the attention . 
  but if something happens which gets no attention or coverage , it can disappear . 
  i never said it should be abolished . 
  what i meant is that it should n't be seen as some wonder weapon that destroys any attempt at doing unlawful stuff . 
  there are a lot of cases were the constitution is dodged . 
  the case with the boston bombings could 've gone the same way . 
  the u.s supreme court is n't preventing current laws from ignoring multiple amendments . 
  i 'm not talking about changing the constitution , i 'm talking about dodging it . 
  the us constitution is a joke . 
  after the boston bombings , a lot of ( especially republican ) politicians suggested doing things that go against at least 4 or 5 amendments . 
  if they had a majority in congress , i would n't be surprised they 'd actually do it , like they ignore some now .
