  are you retarded ? 
  occurred = !, 
  allowed to continue . 
  thank you , 
  yeah , the only source in this article are the russian un representatives themselves . 
  not the un in general . 
  i think most people just looked at the title and upvoted . 
  the link does n't open . 
   given that the un is not some kind of international leviathan , the un 's opinion means shit . 
  nope . 
  because the opinion of the un on whether a state exists represents how it 's members think if it exists . 
  if alot of the members in the un do n't recognize you , you ca n't enter relations . 
   how so ? 
  the donetzk republic very well is able to enter relations with other states . 
  just as northern-cyprus , south ossetia ( even recognized by a few un member states ) , abkhazia and all the others - even like kosovo or taiwan - do . 
  the moment a government ( or a group of people calling themselves a government ) can pick up a phone and dial the number of a consulate or foreign office anywhere , they have `` the ability to enter relations with other sovereign states '' - if the state which was called does n't answer that call , that 's not a problem of the de-facto-regime . 
  you succeed as a state on this point if you can have relations with at least a large part of the already official states . 
  only being able to enter relations with other non-recognized states and one recognized state is not enough . 
   just as northern-cyprus , south ossetia ( even recognized by a few un member states ) , abkhazia and all the others northern-cyprus is officially occupied territory of cyprus . 
  other countries do not form ` relations ' with other countries , only turkey does . 
  relations mean : having each other 's embassy 's , trade agreements etcetera . 
  countries only negotiate with northern-cyprus ( mostly on the topic of potential re-unification ) because for them , they 're negotiating with an occupier , not a state . 
  abkhazia has similar problems . 
  all of the relations are either between abkhazia and other un-recognized states or russia . 
  almost all other countries do not form relations with abkhazia . 
   even like kosovo or taiwan - do . 
  kosovo is a recognized state : a majority of un members recognize it . 
  it can have relations with dozens of other recognized states . 
  even the state that originally claimed kosovo , serbia , is slowly beginning to form relations with kosovo not related to unification . 
  taiwan is an incredible isolated exception . 
  taiwan is not comparable to anything . 
  i 'll let this explain taiwan : http://youtu.be/4aiveqmfppk?t=2m51s in other words : most countries secretly recognize taiwan . 
  from taiwan 's wiki :  since the roc lost its united nations seat as `` china '' in 1971 ( replaced by the prc ) , most sovereign states have switched their diplomatic recognition to the prc , recognizing or acknowledging the prc to be the sole legitimate representative of all china , though many deliberately avoid stating clearly what territories they believe china includes . 
  as of 2013 , the roc maintains official diplomatic relations with 21 un member states and the holy see , [ 1 ] although informal relations are maintained with nearly all others . 
  agencies of foreign governments such as the american institute in taiwan operate as de facto embassies of their home countries in taiwan , and taiwan operates similar de facto embassies and consulates in most countries under such names as `` taipei representative office '' ( tro ) or `` taipei economic and cultural ( representative ) office '' ( teco )  so , you now officially granted south-ossetia official-state-status ? 
  after all , they are recognized by at least nicaragua , venezuela , and a few other un-recognized states i do n't recall right now . 
   `` but those were bought by evil russia '' , you might protest . 
  well , so the eu bought belarus which was about to recognize south ossetia , but was given visa-free entry for some top officials to the schengen area for stopping the recognition process . 
   the rules you state are very open by necessity . 
  for instance , by your rules , if you do n't extend statehood to south ossetia , kosovo would n't be a state either ( it is n't recognized by all - or even a majority of un member states ) - nor would either of the roc/prc be . 
  nope . 
  south-ossetia only has 6 un members recognize it . 
  kosovo has a majority ( 55,4 % to be exact ) . 
  the rules are indeed open , but not in the case with abkhazia , south ossetia , kosovo and the donetzk republic . 
  no it 's not . 
  that is a completely different logic . 
  i said :  thing x causes both a and b , so it 's difficult to say whether x is in favour of a or b. 
  your analogy of antibiotics wants to show the ( supposed ) following bad logic in my argument :  thing x can prevent a , but not b thus thing x is useless . 
  what you 're suggesting i said is something completely different from what i said . 
   just like a doctor who `` allows countless patients to dies from cancer '' . 
  so , i am understanding you correctly that you want to abolish hospitals then ? 
  the funny thing is : you can prove/disprove anything with an analogy . 
  no because : * 1 ) the security council allows for many deaths because their veto 's often prevent intervention . 
  a hospital does n't allow for deaths because their chairmen prevent doctors from doing their work . 
  if someone dies in the hospital , it 's not because the hospital 's policy that prevents doctors from saving someone 's life , it 's because the doctor 's ca n't do anything or make a mistake . 
  * 2 ) hospitals safe/help more people than they ` allow to die ' . 
  whether the security council saved/helped more people than it allowed to die is up to debate . 
   the veto is not something the unsc invented . 
  it is just a reflection of reality . 
  because if a large power could not veto a decision with a diplomatic instrument , they may well subsequently `` veto '' it with a military instrument . 
  no shit , this however does not make veto 's a good system , because whether countries would ` veto ' with military action if they could n't veto diplomatically is up to debate . 
   self determination is awarded to the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois ( caucasian ) in canada , basque ( caucasian ) in spain , south sudanese ( black ) i 'm going to be the devil 's lawyer here : only quebec was formed by colonists . 
  you can hardly compare orania and the afrikaner with the basques and south-sudanese . 
  whether the veto 's helped prevent nuclear war is debatable . 
  i do n't really think a nuclear war was ever stopped with a veto . 
   he ability for the unsc to veto each other means they do n't piss each other off you could also say that the veto 's also get countries pissed off , since they see things vetoed by enemies . 
  all in all , as i said , it cuts both ways and you ca n't really see how sharp each side is . 
   international law defines sovereign states as having a permanent population , one government , and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states jellinek is nice , but the un does n't give a shit . 
  this is the official international definition . 
  a permanent population , one government and the ability to enter relations with other sovereign states . 
  the donetzk republic fails at full-filling the last one . 
  just like northern-cyprus , south-ossetia , abkhazia , nagorno-karabakh , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_unrecognized_states if only russia and a couple other non-recognized states recognize a state , it does not count as an official state and thus will be regarding as part of another state , in this case ukraine . 
  and also allowed countless wars to continue and kill many millions of lives in the past seven decades . 
  the veto really cuts both ways . 
  depends . 
  there are quite a few jews that do not circumcise , the secular jews for example . 
  the orthodox/conservative jews of course very much dislike this . 
  so do n't be surprised if they are discriminated . 
  i do n't like wine either , sorry . 
  as / u/theactualawdev said : i 'll bring some frisian beerenburg . 
  our version of j\u00e4germeister . 
  i have to admit : i do n't like beer . 
   utepils i am going to guess wildly here : ute = outside pils = a beer, 
   german and nordic languages have that feature , yes . 
  why does everyone always forget us ; _ ;, 
  some of these are just compound words ... a lot of compound words exist in other languages , the only difference is that they 're written in one-piece . 
  ` waldeinsamkeit ' for example : wood loneliness . 
  if you 're going to count that as ` non-translatable ' i could create thousands of them . 
  indeed . 
  thus armenia was n't told that because we do n't want it to have relations with russia , but because the eurasian union is incompatible with the european union . 
  the crimea invasion is only one part of your military action in ukraine . 
  no , they do n't . 
  the eu is also pretty friendly with belarus , even though belarus is very much on the russian side . 
  for all the eu cares it can keep it 's ties with russia . 
  the military action in ukraine that you just admitted . 
  the military action in ukraine you just admitted . 
  read your quote again :  `` be worry because this contradicts previous economic agreements , and we will take action - which will hurt you economically '' how that a menace ? 
  basically you 're saying : what 's so bad about taking economic action ? 
  but it 's not the economic action we 're talking about , it 's the military action . 
  probably not any time soon .
