  so , they need to have a say on what their country looks like . 
  you 're also assuming that only `` pure bred '' ( whatever that is ) catalonians live in catalonia . 
  no i do n't . 
  any citizen of catalonia can vote , so all spanish people in catalonia ca n't vote . 
  both spanish and catalan people not living in catalonia ca n't vote . 
  that 's how a referendum works , why do i need to explain it ? 
  why are you even asking this if you should know the answer ? 
   as i have written/posted before , i am not against the question being asked , and i am not personally invested in catalonia 's status ( independent/part of spain , it 's all the same to me ) . 
  i am just critical of it not being asked to everybody it affects . 
  catalonia becoming independent also affects me , does n't mean i have the right to decide over it . 
  it 's a ridiculous argument that it affects non-catalan people , thus non-catalan people must also vote . 
   neither does ours , and as it allows its reform then anything that 's agreed by the spanish people can be on it . 
  yes , it does . 
  it bans unilateral independence . 
  if a referendum is held about catalonian independence , only the catalan people should vote . 
  if the constitution does n't allow this , it does n't allow secession . 
  if all of spain has to decide , it is n't a secession , it 's a split . 
  the difference between a split and a secession is that a secession is done unilateral . 
  so even if the constitution allows a split , it does not allow secession . 
   [ citation needed ] citation is both the dutch and spanish constitutions . 
  read them . 
  http://www.government.nl/files/documents-and-publications/regulations/2012/10/18/the-constitution-of-the-kingdom-of-the-netherlands-2008/the-constitution-of-the-kingdom-of-the-netherlands-2008.pdf as you can see , it does not forbid secession . 
  but the spanish constitution : on 25 march 2014 , the spanish constitutional court finally ruled that the sovereignty part of the `` declaration of sovereignty and of the right to decide of the catalan people '' was `` unconstitutional and null '' , and therefore did not allow a self-determination referendum to be held in catalonia . 
  http://www.ara.cat/politica/tribunal_constitucional-tc-declaracio_de_sobirania_0_1108089373.html http://www.abc.es/espana/20140325/abci-declaracion-soberanista-201403251818.html  clearly i 'm a doofus , and only you are the bringer of light if you misinterpret one 's arguments but still think you 're in a position to discuss something , then yes . 
   again , 51 % of what population ? 
  the catalan population . 
  do not create problems where there are none . 
  i know exactly what you 're going to say : ` but what about the french catalans or the ( insert type of catalans here ) ' . 
  this referendum will show the majority vote of the region it talks about . 
  a region that wants to secede holds the referendum and follow it , a region that does not want to secede does not hold the referendum . 
  in this case a majority of spanish catalans want a vote , but not a majority of french catalans . 
  thus this referendum will only be hold in the spanish catalan regions and it will only say anything about that region , and not the french catalan regions . 
   a true democracy also needs safeguards to protect minorities , and checks and balances to prevent abuses of power . 
  unilateral independence is not in conflict with that . 
  a true democracy protects it 's minorities , but this does not mean that a democracy favours minorities over majorities . 
  democracies also are n't minority ruled . 
  it all depends on the type of thing . 
  some things do not require a majority , some do . 
  an independence vote requires a majority in the region it is hold . 
  so if the catalans vote for independence , it is not against democracy . 
  the catalan people as a whole . 
  the catalans themselves decide which of the catalan people . 
  if the french catalans say they do not want to join an independent catalonia and the spanish catalans accept that ( they most likely will ) then only the spanish catalans wil vote and maybe become independent . 
  it is not a hard question to answer . 
  you know how such a referendum works . 
  the spanish catalans will decide on independence , the french catalans and possibly valencia and the balearics decide themselves whether to follow or not . 
  at least one . 
  not necessarily one . 
  ( learn to read ), 
  a democracy that does not respect law is a mob rule that offers no protection towards minorities . 
  in theory it does . 
  if a political majority created a referendum to make slavery legal and a majority voted for a constitution change , slavery will become legal on a national level . 
  ( international level ignored , because international law is more supportive of independence referenda than it is against it ) international law is also a subject to majority rule . 
  indeed , sometimes things are done against the wishes of the majority , but this does not mean law stands above democracy . 
  we see more occasions of democracy above law , than the opposite . 
   it was n't `` catalonia '' that said `` yes '' , it was its individual citizens . 
  than those individuals said ` yes ' back then , they 're saying ` no ' right now . 
  it does n't change anything . 
   what if part of catalonia wants to secede in turn ? 
  where do you stop ? 
  you stop at a cultural level . 
  if a part of catalonia has a noticeably different culture from the rest , they should and can legally secede too . 
  if you have a culture that is not noticeably different ( like you and a couple of your neighbours ) than you can not legally secede . 
  the right of self-determination is for peoples . 
  if you are not a people , you do not have the right of self-determination . 
  the catalans are a people that can distinguish themselves from the rest of spain , so they have the rights . 
  as does basque country , as does scotland , as does the sampi . 
   form the moment that you accept that a subset may decide to set their own rules , you get trouble . 
  no , you do n't . 
  we seceded from the spanish empire . 
  is that trouble ? 
  the dutch decided to make their own rules and that means trouble ? 
  i think not . 
  trouble starts when people start making their own rules without having the right to do so . 
  the catalans have that right . 
   there is actually a lot of discussion in spain about amending the constitution : a lot of people question the monarchy , the electoral system , how power is shared between different administrative layers , etc. 
  so it would be altogether possible to start a constitutional convention to thoroughly revamp the constitution , and the conditions under which secession could happen would certainly be a major point of discussion : there has been much talk of a `` clarity law '' as in canada . 
  this is no guarantee that the constitution will start to allow secession . 
  i know it is possible a lot of spanish do not support the monarchy , the electoral system or the power share between legislative powers , but this does not mean they also want the constitution to allow secession . 
   thing is , the current catalan government has no interest whatsoever in revamping the spanish constitution , never mind a `` clarity law '' that would force them to ask the referendum question in a clear and unbiased manner . 
  and they do n't need to . 
  it 's hardly an argument , so they do not want to become independent on your terms ? 
  bad luck for you . 
  the same could be said for the catalans . 
  do the catalans have no say in what their country looks like ? 
  if they want their lands to be independent , someone from andalusia should 've just as much say in it as i have . 
  none . 
  basically you 're now letting spanish vote over the shape of a region they do not live in . 
  the argument is neither supportive of independence or anti-independence . 
  you could say that this argues in non-support of secession as spanish should have a say about their country , but you could also say that this argues in support for secession because you 're giving people power over a different region than they live in . 
  so the argument ` the rest of spain has no say in what spain looks like ? ', 
  can be dropped all together . 
  the majority . 
  so that is 3,78.5 million people . 
  do you understand what i 'm saying , or are you going to misinterpret this comment as well ? 
  i said that completely banning secession is a crime unless the people that have separatist tendencies agree it 's not . 
  the dutch constitution does n't explicitly say that secession is possible . 
  but the dutch constitution does n't say it 's illegal . 
  a major difference from the spanish constitution that does say it 's illegal to secede . 
  i never said any country is a crime .
