  we also have a sever problem of overpopulation . 
  expanding across the solar system can help that problem and can get us resources that are getting scarcer . 
  on the subreddit about space they downvote and flame war at everything mars one related . 
  today they started a indiegogo trying to get 400k , i already donated :p it 's to sponsor the first satellite together with lockheed martin and sstl . 
  it would be funny , mars one is founded by dutch people . 
  if they succeed , technically it would n't be the us , russia , esa or china to put the first man on mars , but the netherlands . 
  this has also turned into a demonstration against russia and the old ussr . 
  demolishing the statues of the founder of the ussr is a logic step . 
  because that 's the german flag ... ? 
  they 're called aso 's here in the netherlands . 
  it 's an abbreviation of asocialen, 
  km/h divided by 3,6 is m/s . 
  so 140/3 ,6 = 38,889 m/s, 
  not irrelevant . 
  hitler wanted to study art/painting . 
  from his wikipage :  he worked as a casual labourer and eventually as a painter , selling watercolours . 
  the academy of fine arts vienna rejected him twice , in 1907 and 1908 , because of his `` unfitness for painting '' . 
  the director recommended that hitler study architecture , [ 34 ] but he lacked the academic credentials . 
  [ 35 ] on 21 december 1907 , his mother died aged 47 . 
  after the academy 's second rejection , hitler ran out of money . 
  in 1909 he lived in a homeless shelter , and by 1910 , he had settled into a house for poor working men on meldemannstra\u00dfe . 
  [ 36 ] this might 've contributed to his hate and eventual rise to power . 
  well , we 're in a crisis crisis , deflation etcetera and we 're making fun of people who want to study art here on the internet . 
  oh god and we 're making fun of art graduates , it 's exactly like the pre-war era . _ . 
  you ca n't solve problems by running away from them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  kingdom is an object , rather than a name . 
  that 's because the netherlands is plural . 
  that would seem logical . 
  the article is often used with regions . 
  ukraine used to be a region of the soviet-union , it 's understandable they want to get rid of it . 
  at the 0:05 mark you can see him nod . 
   `` hmm , yes , this is a nice pen . '', 
  from the comments :  indiana jones : ukrainian riot edition, 
  that 's a really weird linguistic thing . 
  both are correct . 
  simply using ukraine is having the upper hand though . 
  many countries in the past had an article but lost it . 
  we no longer say , the congo , the libanon , the sudan . 
  ` the ' is often used with regions . 
  the ukraine used to be a region , so the ` the ' made sense , but now that it become a sovereign nation it has lost that sense . 
  i still prefer using the article . 
  they still do not have the majority then . 
   that 's actually a good point but it 's not what you said earlier . 
   why do you say that ? 
  what part of your comment did i misunderstand ? 
  i expressed an opinion , never said it was a fact that it was n't an evil thing . 
   my argument demonstrated that you it 's folly to say `` x ca n't be bad because he would never do it so overtly '' if the government wanted to restrict your freedom like this they would do it with a backstab , not by running at you with a knife shouting , because it 's bound to fail . 
  the government restricting freedom of the people so blatantly is a like mugger running up to a medium trained martial artist with a knife from a far . 
  the martial artist does nothing until the mugger tries to take a stab , which the martial artist will easily deflect . 
  i do n't always make kung fu analogies in a political discussion , but when i do ...  i only claimed that it is not proof enough to claim that it is not bad . 
  indeed , as said : this is no indication for bad or good intention , so people should n't act as if the new world order has arrived . 
  the government does something that can not be said of whether it 's good or bad but everyone here is already assuming it 's super evil . 
   anyway , please take the time to read other people 's comments and think your arguments through do n't tell other people how to do things when you do n't do them the same way . 
   there are perfectly legal and reasonable reasons to maintain personal information ( like political affiliation ) private . 
  yet you fail at giving them . 
   `` european union position on ukraine '' what does he mean with this ? 
  european union position on ukraine what why where ? 
   `` only people planning on doing something illegal want privacy in their emails . '', 
  do n't be a dick and misinterpret other people 's arguments . 
  that kind of argument in the nsa discussion is not comparable with this . 
   maybe i do n't want my family or friends to know that i went to some political demonstration . 
  if your family has something against you expressing your opinion , you 're in need of a new family . 
   maybe i do n't want my employer seeing me demonstrating against something he supports . 
  it 's illegal for your boss to fire or demote you based on political opinion . 
  so , since so many people seem to believe this is an act against democracy , that makes it not . 
  the more they believe , the bigger the lie . 
  words are hollow if you do not live by them yourself . 
  i am certain it 's not . 
  that would be way too noticeable . 
  well i think it 's a good thing . 
  every political system should have a strong far-right block once in a while as long as it does n't get way too big . 
  1/3 of the parliaments sounds right . 
  better rename / r/unitedkingdom to / r/eurocockblocker then . 
   in the latest disturbing news from a desperate power structure , the conservative government in spain has passed an orwellian bill titled the citizens ' security law , which allows for fines of up to 600,000 euros ( $ 816,000 ) for `` unauthorized '' street protests , and a 30,000 fine for merely having signs with `` offensive '' slogans against spain or for wearing a mask . 
  in many countries it has been the law for years that you ca n't just demonstrate whenever and wherever you feel like . 
  this does n't make demonstrating itself illegal . 
  offensive slogans against spain ? 
  why would you even offend your country ? 
  would n't your goal be to offend the government and not the country ? 
  also , why is being offensive considered a must in demonstrating ? 
  you can demonstrate perfectly fine without offending anyone . 
  banning masks is logical . 
  only people planning on rioting and neckbears wear masks during protests . 
  you can demonstrate easily without masks . 
  masks are only okay when you need to avoid recognition in a country where demonstrating itself is illegal , this is n't the case in spain nor japan . 
  this link is nothing but sensation . 
  yes . 
  the environment can handle it . 
  the german people no longer want nuclear energy , therefore nuclear energy must be annihilated . 
  closing nuclear power plants and starting up coal for a couple of years while you 're working on making your country more green is still a better plan than keeping nuclear power plants whilst working on making the country greener . 
  it 's not like the world will be destroyed a couple decades earlier thanks to the reopening of some coal power plants . 
  that 's why it 's going in small steps , like the green parties want . 
   you need operational reserves ( baseload power ) , and you need methods to quickly eat up excess electricity produced on high wind/solar days or risk having the electricity grid collapse . 
  and you think they do n't know that ? 
  electricity storage in germany is on the rise . 
  all green energy will be stored inside batteries in storages . 
  when germany produces too much green energy it gives it away for free . 
   to tackle climate change , you need to use all the tools at your disposal . 
  germany shut down nuclear power plants that could have provided emissions free ( and cheap for consumers ! ),
