   for how effective it was and quick we provided it , yes it did . 
  there 's no denying this . 
  because we had to supply and support european militaries in libya , which are bases in europe ... you know ... given the fact we were supporting european militaries in a region directly adjacent to europe ... were pretty god damn essential in enabling . 
  that 's a whole other thing . 
  we aksed for help , but we rather have slow help from your own bases , than quick help from your bases on our soil . 
   there were n't many americans in mali , but i would n't in the least be surprised if they came from pre-positioned forces at bases in europe and in africa . 
  wrong . 
  the few americans in mali were moved there directly from the united states . 
   what i can gurantee is the transport aircraft and refueling planes which we provided , which if you have n't realized , are both essential for power projection , did utilize our bases in europe heavily , and i would n't be surprised if they were originally fielded from pre-positioned air force units based out of europe . 
  we 're happy to have some refueling planes and transport aircraft . 
  we do n't want ground troops , jet fighters and tanks . 
  you 're refueling and transport aircraft can easily be stationed at european bases , with european ground forces . 
  the need for any forces and bases in europe is unnecessary since we can provide that . 
  if logistics is the big factor here , the us would be far more off using our bases . 
   if they were n't important , than there would n't be an active peacekeeping force there , would it ? 
  that they are n't important does n't mean we must encourage a new war . 
  american peacekeeping forces are unnecessary , there are enough european forces and the balkan wars are n't important into defense policy since it only plays a small role . 
  as long as the small european force is stationed there , nothing happens . 
   size is not the end-all . 
  you do n't understand just how handicapped european power projection is . 
  and given the fact that france and the united kingdom , the only two other nations in nato which actually possess some form of power projection , are making major cuts , you 'll only see this become that much more evident . 
  the backbone of that power projection , the lynchpin of it , is cemented by the bases we have through-out the world . 
  the ones we have in europe are essential for operations in north africa , which are usually in support of european endeavors . 
  and exactly who do we need to use this power projection against ? 
  the russians are no threat ( nor militarily nor politically , even in eastern-europe . ), 
  and there are no real targets anywhere . 
  iran is an american antagonist , not a threat . 
  china ? 
  really ? 
   you have n't provided any sources . 
  at all . 
  and you did n't reply to my other comment you have n't provided any sources either . 
   and you did n't reply to my other comment what other comment ? 
  the comments i see here have all been replied to by me . 
   and i made my kosovo argument clear . 
  after srebrinca , the united states was essential in the bombing campaign which stopped the serbian offensive and the bosnian genocide , and the reason why the peacekeepers there today can actually keep the peace . 
  source please . 
  it 's only shouting and shouting . 
   the only other threat i can think of is russia , and let 's be honest , m.a.d. 
  ensures that 's not going to happen thanks to the french , british and american nukes , which we would use given article 5 of nato . 
  but the conventional american military might which also backs nato , while more than likely never going to see war on the european continent , does give the european union leverage through subsidized hard power when at the negotiating table with russia over the fate of eastern europe . 
  you 're exaggerating this . 
  the us is n't the major power projection force that makes eastern-europe swing to the western side . 
   it 's no more disrespectful than you saying that it can never happen again on the continent and that it 's relevance is the same as that of a war which happened more than a century-and-a-half-ago . 
  that 's not disrespectful . 
  that 's called being optimistic . 
  most people are happy when they hear it 's unlikely for another war to start . 
  and it 's still relevant , just not to this discussion . 
  maybe if this discussion was held in 2000 , but it 's 2014 . 
   and like i pointed out before , there were also dutch peacekeepers at srebrinca , but that did n't stop the massacre of 8,000 bosniaks from still occurring . 
  the fact that you simplify it like that is disrespectful to the victims of the massacre and show that you do n't know shit about the kosovo wars . 
  if a military failure like this means an entire continent is bad at defending itself , the us would be nothing . 
   it was mainly called for and instigated by european countries . 
  yes it was , but that the nato intervention did n't require american base sin europe . 
   you do n't quite understand how a logistical network operates , do you ? 
  or the principles which power projection are founded on ? 
  or why the logistical capability of the united states , which is cemented by bases in europe & around the world , was so essential to the operations in mali & libya ? 
  it 's you who is not understanding things . 
  the americans in mali , where did they come from ? 
  the bases stationed in the us or in europe . 
   did ... did you just say that a conflict that happen less than twenty-years , and which still has a peacekeeping force deployed in the region , is just as relevant as a war which happened more than a century-and-a-half ago ? 
  lulz seriously ? 
  obviously that was sarcastic . 
  the mexico-us war is no longer important , neither are the balkan wars . 
   and as i pointed out , it 's odd that the operation which got those peacekeepers in the door in kosovo relied on major u.s. support and power projection , is n't it ? 
  sure there 's no connection there ... 
  there is a connection . 
  we are grateful for the us helping us out with kosovo , but the war is over so they can fuck off . 
   and if europe does n't want us in europe , than the democratic governments of europe should ask us to leave . 
  europe wants you , europeans do n't want you . 
  there is a difference . 
  there is a reason europeans are n't happy with the current government and a big shift is coming in 2014 with the coming eu elections . 
   they should n't call for and instigate interventions like that of libya & mali , than expect the united states to provide major , and in libya 's case , critical support . 
  which is usually logistically , and our logistical network , which enables our power projection , is cemented through military bases like those in europe and around the world . 
  in addition , they should also not use us as a hedge against russia , or allow/encourage us to develop a abm shield like we 're doing in hungary . 
  the main force was french/british . 
  most aircraft flew from european bases and the majority of us ships was n't stationed in us owned naval bases in europe . 
  there would 've been little difference . 
   odd though , a lot of the things you 're bringing up i answered , and quite thoroughly sourced , in my reply to your other comment ... which you 've conveniently avoided mentioning or acknowledging . 
  odd tough , a lot of the thing you 're bring up i answered and quite thoroughly sourced , in my reply to your other comment ... which you 've conveniently avoided mentioning or acknowledging . 
  you still have not named one potential threat to europe and you 've stopped replying to the kosovo argument . 
   jesus man , why are you not a god damn politician ? 
  you 're foresight is revolutionary . 
  a serious waste for you not to be in office . 
   because i 'm aware of the facts . 
  you would be a better candidate : completely oblivious to the world around you . 
  american politics at its best . 
  the threat of shooting down satellites was a rumor , not an actual statement made by the us government . 
  shooting down a rival gps system is not in the best interest of the us . 
  the libyan war was not started by europe . 
   the united states was able to get help to mali like it did because we 're stationed in europe . 
  us troops in mali came from the us mainland , not europe . 
  really smart of you . 
  insulting me because you do n't know anything about the mali mission . 
   but . . wait ... do you specifically decide this ? 
  if your fellow citizens vote for a government which want us soldiers and no eu military then that is everybody 's choice , not just yours . 
  our people do n't want us troops in europe . 
  the government wants it , but nobody here agrees with the government . 
   well good thing that europe thinks it will never , ever rain again . 
  and good thing europe has n't tried to bring it 's own rain to libya , mali , kosovo , car or the ivory coast .
