  any name will be shortened to one or two names :p, 
  i know , that 's what i 'm advocating . 
   but nobody can say that 's as a result of any sort of democratic mandate , because he has none from the country that cameron leads . 
  my country voted mainly liberal , but you do n't hear us about how juncker has got no democratic mandate . 
   that 's fine , i was just pointing out that he does n't have a single direct or indirect vote from the uk , nor a mechanism to do so , so the argument that he has democratic legitimacy in that country ( and others i imagine ) is moot . 
  he does n't have any democratic legitimacy in the uk , but he has in the eu and the uk is part of the eu . 
  so basically the entire eu needs to give up the person they voted for , in favour of the uk just because the british parties decided they do not want to be part of the winning faction ? 
  europe put the epp at # 1 , whether the uk voted for it or not , they are the winning faction . 
  his faction became the biggest . 
  in almost all european democracies , the leader of the largest party is the first one to try and form a coalition . 
  nobody voted directly for him , but in the eu we do n't vote for the president directly ( we should ) . 
  indirectly most people voted for him . 
  most of the time , yes . 
  with a few exceptions though , usually non-european countries i happen to like or because it 's boring to root for the european country , that 's why i always support japan and iran :p, 
   i do n't even own leather pants . 
  well that seals it , does n't it ? 
  a classical example of ` the pot calls the kettle black . ', 
  yes they asked it , that is what makes the comparison even weirder . 
   the truth of the matter is we have a decade or two left to get greenhouse gases under control before it becomes too late to stop catastrophic climate change and billions of humans along with most species of plant and animals die off . 
  greenhouse gases are the most important contributor . 
  yeah and your idea is to replace those green house gasses with slightly less green house gasses instead of none . 
  indeed . 
  shale gas is a way to leech more gas out of the earth than you actually should . 
  if you need shale gas in order to meet demands , it 's obviously time for greener stuff . 
   compare it to the ` frisian ' language ( which is awfully annoying to listen too and just any girl speaking it makes your dick fall off ) which is an offical language in the netherlands . 
  * clears throat * excuse me ? 
  :p no , seriously though . 
  if you want to whine , you need to do it in frisian . 
  two houses next of me there lives a completely frisian family and when their little daughter whines , oh my god . 
   meeeeeemmm ? 
  the polish thing was just an example to illustrate how bad an idea this is . 
  and i 've just shown you that the example is incorrect , and you 've just proved that to me . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  and austria was part of the third reich once , so having an austrian flair is like having a swastika flair right ? 
  ( sarcasm ) are you a nazi ? 
  yes , scotland is part of it . 
  but let 's imagine the uk government banned the scottish flag , would it be accepted by the scots ? 
  that 's what this is about . 
  a ( britain ) does not want b ( france ) to fly flag x ( eu flag ) . 
  this is a comparable situation to the situation i sketched above . 
  a ( the uk government ) does not want b ( scotland ) to fly flag x ( the scottish flag ) . 
  stepp simply phrased it completely wrong . 
  britain telling the french they ca n't fly a flag of their choice during a ceremony in france , is like britain telling the scots they ca n't fly a flag of their choice in scotland . 
  britain is switching it around . 
  they compare the ceremony to their wimbledon , and then compare the french flying the eu flag to the scots flying the scottish flag . 
  but this is not their ceremony . 
  basically britain acts as if their ceremony is getting ruined by an outsider , but they are the outsiders in this situation . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you 're saying that : flying the flag of a fascist/war-criminal dictatorship on a commemoration of those that helped fight it , is somehow related to flying the flag of an international political/economic union on a commemoration of those that have nothing to do with it ? 
  right . 
  that 's not for the reasons you think it is . 
   multinational companies are unethically exploiting the plant genetic resources of developing countries . 
  had to do a double take there . 
  a lot of people probably assume the municipality of reykjav\u00edk covers almost all of \u00cdsland . 
  he 's overestimating their empire a bit . 
  [ because ... ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/t1.0-9/1902733_10154085305745483_7357703005472529926_n.jpg ), 
  serb party here in the comments :p, 
  do n't forgot the [ s\u00fbkerb\u00f4le . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suikerbrood ), 
  that 's the weirdest combo i 've seen since a broodje kaassoufl\u00e9 met ui en sla . 
  it 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  what i said comes down to : most of what we call ` eastern europe ' nowadays is actually eastern , except for the more central european countries , which should be made popular under that name . 
  this is in no way comparable to what you said . 
  no it is n't . 
  if they really want to compete , they need to put much more research into re-using their spacecraft . 
  i 've already seen that map . 
  it 's a lot closer to how it should be . 
  with a few changes it 's perfect . 
  if you 're not going to pay attention to what i 'm saying , then do n't discuss . 
  i already do . 
  it 's you guys doing the weird stuff now . 
  that makes a lot more sense . 
  this is exactly the example of what you should n't base the names on . 
  you do n't take all the extreme points , calculate the exact centre and then split up europe accordingly . 
  it should n't be based upon things like ostrov rodulfa . 
  instead you should look at for example the capitals . 
  most south-eastern capital is baku , most north-eastern capital is either helsinki or moscow , most north-western capital is reykjavik and most south-western capital is lisbon . 
  with moscow it puts the middle point in poland , with helsinki it puts it in germany . 
  or you could take the most extreme parts of the mainland ( with iceland ) in order to decide the center . 
  those options make more sense than involving artic islands . 
   i accepted the term `` eastern european '' because there are lots of westerners like you who refuse to accept us in the `` cool club '' and also because i do n't really care all that much . 
  fuck you . 
  those are your words not mine . 
  what ` cool club ' are you even talking about ? 
  western europe ? 
  yes , i know . 
  but ukraine and russia are also orthdox , so the fact that they 're not in the same group with south-eastern europe and greece means that religion was n't a factor . 
  as far as i know only belarus comes close to being communist . 
  i do n't think so . 
  if religion was a big factor the map would look completely different . 
  russia and ukraine are also countries that i know of that are orthodox . 
  so if orthodox is the defining factor here , should n't greece and south-eastern europe be grouped with ukraine and russia ? 
  i know , but people should n't act as if there 's no such thing as ` east ' . 
  geographically and culturally speaking there is an ` eastern europe ' , just like there is a northern , central , western and southern europe . 
  there will be no petition , but the eu should just promote the usage of the correct terms . 
  if they 're taught in european schools , the grouping together of all countries east of germany will stop . 
  that would be much better than to just act as if there 's no such thing called ` east ' . 
  well that map also makes some grave mistakes . 
  and entire subdivision for spain and portugal ? 
  and the baltics grouped with all of eastern europe .
