  you ca n't choose a way so that everyone supporting independence is happy and everyone who does not want to be independent is happy . 
  you have to choose . 
   and what about the catalans that are against ? 
  because they are certainly at least a large minority , and certainly a majority in some areas of catalonia . 
  are they overruled ? 
  yes , they are overruled . 
  sometimes the majority can not do something against the will of a minority . 
  in the case of independence it can . 
  this is how it works . 
  a democracy protects the minorities , but this does not mean that the minorities can govern the country . 
  then you get a minority democracy ( like iraq , where a shi'a government is ruling a mostly sunni country ) which is not better ( even worse i 'd argue ) . 
  sometimes we must choose between the majority and minority . 
  independence is such a big thing , and since there is no real middle way between catalonia as a autonomous region and an independent state , we must choose the option that agrees with the most people an that is the majority . 
   anyway , the proposed referendum lacks the most basic democratic guarantees : no independent supervision , no valid electoral census , and the question is horrendously slanted . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  we ca n't disagree on a fact . 
  the right to self-determination only applies to the people in question . 
  this is a fact . 
  sorry if you think it 's unfair , but if you want to change it , go ahead . 
  and convince half of all the un members to redefine the right to self-determination . 
  let us agree that that you do not want to recognize a fact or simply fail to understand the fact . 
  that is a lot closer to the truth . 
   i am afraid the rest of spain disagrees . 
  and i can see why . 
  their opinion is irrelevant in this matter . 
  they can disagree all they want , the right of self-determination can only by exercised by the people living in the region that wants to secede . 
  read what i posted before . 
  yes . 
  this is the right to self-determination . 
  maybe you think it 's unfair , but it 's the way the world turns . 
  the right of self-determination only applies to catalonia , the opinions of the rest of spain are irrelevant . 
   democracy at its best . 
  indeed . 
  this is how it works whether you like it or not . 
  secession is a thing only the people of the region that wants to secede get a say in . 
   no , and please stop the blatant attempts to throw strawmen at the argument , which is very simple : it 's every spanish person 's country , the referendum would affect the country quite dramatically and perhaps irrevocably , every citizen and resident of said country should have a say . 
  ca n't put it any clearer and simpler than that . 
  the argument is very very very simple indeed . 
  and very wrong . 
  it 's every spanish person 's country , it is indeed , but catalonia is not every spanish person 's region . 
  and that is your mistake . 
  when discussing secession the region is above the state . 
  the rights of a people about their region is above that of any other region . 
  no matter how affected the rest of the country is , a region with a distinct people can vote on independence without the rest of the country having a say about it . 
  this is the right to self-determination . 
  maybe you think it 's unfair , but it 's the way the world turns . 
  if you still can not understand the basic principles of the self-determination . 
  look it up . 
  then you already have a state . 
  the only thing you have to do is migrate back to it . 
  if i live in spain , the netherlands is still the country of my people . 
  my people therefore have already expressed their right to self-determination and there 's thus no need or legal basis to exercise that right in a different location . 
   no i do n't . 
  any citizen of catalonia can vote , so all spanish people in catalonia ca n't vote . 
  both spanish and catalan people not living in catalonia ca n't vote . 
  first ` ca n't ' should be a ` can ' . 
   i 'm sorry you see it that way . 
  it affects everybody that is a spanish citizen , in my view . 
  if the spanish government does something , i am also affected , does this mean i can vote in spanish elections without speaking a word spanish , without living in spain and without having ever lived in spain or have any relatives in spain ? 
  no i can not vote . 
  of course it affects every spanish citizen , this does not give the spanish people a vote in the matter . 
  everyone living in catalonia should vote no matter their background , everyone not living in catalonia should vote . 
  you can not vote on what happens in china , even though it affects you . 
  as i said : it 's a ridiculous argument . 
  being affected = !, 
  right to have a say in it . 
  bp 's policy also affects me , does n't mean i can get wander into their ceo meeting and influence policy . 
  if you really ca n't come up with something stronger why do you even bother . 
   soo , you present no proof at all . 
  i have presented proof . 
  you 're just not able to see it . 
  i mean if you must claim to be a law grad in order to make an argument , you must make some shitty arguments . 
  good luck doing spanish law . 
  you 're going to need it if you 're this handicapped . 
   thank you for your time . 
  no need to thank me , outperforming ` spanish law grad students ' takes no time at all apparently . 
  if they 're like you at least . 
  ( for the sake of spain 's future , i hope so ) by the way , if you want to be sassy and sarcastic , do n't bother . 
  that 's i fight i win even easier than this one . 
  does your city/neighbourhood consists out of a people that differ from the rest of the world/country ? 
  then it is not okay . 
  the whole neighbourhood argument is the least effective and most childish argument you can possibly come up with . 
  it does n't take much brainpower to figure out what 's the difference between catalonia and basque country and your neighbourhood . 
  the right to self-determination is reserved to people . 
  so unless your neighbourhood can argue that it is a separate people , it can not use the right of self-determination . 
  the definition of people is as following : the entire body of persons who constitute a community , tribe , nation , or other group by virtue of a common culture , history , religion , or the like . 
  for example : the people of australia ; the jewish people . 
  no , where did i say that ? 
  i have no problems with my constitution . 
  my constitution does not ban secession . 
   i 'm a spanish law grad and i am the spanish prime minster . 
  congratulations , strangers on the internet can lie . 
  degrees do n't matter if no one can verify it here . 
  i suppose as a spanish law grad you are better known with the constitution than the spanish constitutional court is ? 
  the court has already said that secession is unconstitutional . 
  so apparently according to them this clause most like does apply to catalonia . 
  i 'm going to take their word for your 's . 
   also , you are probably the only frisian person who understands catalonian . 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
   at present , every spanish person can live wherever he/she pleases within the confines of the current borders of spain .
