  but the passengers do n't know the ship got a distress signal ... 
  do n't argue with nazi 's . 
   your logic is fucked . 
  how the hell can you make such a comparision . 
  does erogan run concentration ? 
  my logic is n't fucked . 
  i never compared erdogan to hitler or stalin . 
  i only said that evil people are evil people , no matter how evil they are . 
   the problem with people like is that you do n't see the value of the life for non-westerners unless they adopt western culture and values . 
  the people who died because of ataturk and his ideology are considered nessecary to `` modernise '' . 
  people like me ? 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's your kind of people that gassed the jews . 
  who are your kind of people ? 
  people that think morality is 100 % based on culture and values . 
  if i created a religion that made it okay to molest children and i molested children , would you defend me ? 
  no you would not . 
  a lot of moralities should n't be pushed on other cultures . 
  however , there are a limited amount of moralities that are universal . 
  i do n't care what traditions or beliefs non-westerners have . 
  i do however expect them to not molest children , murder other ethnicies etcetera . 
   then you fucking whine when people refuse your `` enlightened ideas . '', 
  as opposed to your enlightened ideas of : ` gas the jews if it 's part of your culture and values . ', 
  ` not gassing jews is an ` enlightened idea ' pushed on the nazi 's by the americans ' , ` molest children as much as you like , as long as it is part of your culture ' . 
  that 's how you sound to everyone else here . 
  and i 'm not going to discuss anything further with massmurder or child molesting supporters . 
  confirmation confirmed . 
  say sorry to eesti right now . 
   `` cry me a river america -- preferably a great european river like the rhine or the ouse . '' i 'm definitely going to start using that one . 
  i have to say though that i made a mistake as / u/trolls _ brigade pointed out : the contrast was n't increased . 
  ( even if it was , it wouldn `` t reveal colours . ), 
  the photo 's have been edited using other methods to reveal the colour . 
   stop copying me  there 's nothing to copy . 
  the only thing you post is bullshit . 
   as far as i know esa did n't release any filter information attached to the pictures , hence me asking what is the source of the photos . 
  they may do it in the future , but they did n't so far . 
  the esa has posted information about the comet 's looks multiple times . 
  one thing that was posted en masse was ` the comet is as black as charcoal ' which was interesting because they expected something different . 
   frankly , your entire argument sounds like it 's coming from a 14 year old . 
  it helps if you stop interpreting it as a 14 year old  because unlike you , i do make arguments . 
  like :  [ no , it does n't ] oh wow , your arguments are so much better [ no , they 're not ] really , do n't accuse someone of arguing like a 14 year old , when one of your own arguments came down to :  no , it does n't edit : the people who made these images can have access to the data . 
  the esa does n't make them public , but does share it with scientists and the like for purposes like this . 
  as someone on / r/space basically said : it looks like someone took a picture of a mountain and photoshopped the sky completely black . 
   actually no , it does n't . 
  you can put an object in a vacuum chamber and it will look the same `` once generated , light is emitted from a source , typically , in all directions . 
  the energy in a light beam travels in a straight line at a fixed speed so long as it is in vacuum ( as in space ) . 
  when traveling through most gases , such as those found in our air , light propagates in the same way as in a vacuum -- in a straight line at the speed of light ( about 186,000 miles per second ) . 
  when it encounters some forms of matter , light can be reflected , absorbed , or scattered . 
  most objects reflect light from their surface in all directions , no matter what direction the light originates from . 
  however , some objects , like polished glass or the calm surface of water , have special reflective properties that allow an image to form . 
  in most cases , only part of the light is reflected , while some is absorbed by the object . 
  the idea that light travels in straight lines conflicts with our everyday experience on earth because we are surrounded by reflecting and scattering objects . 
  indoors , walls reflect light so that light produced by a source will in fact be impinging on us from all directions . 
  outdoors , the daytime sky is not dark because impurities in the atmosphere scatter light . 
  this makes it difficult to understand why , for example , the moon glows so brightly in the nighttime sky , when it appears to be just a rocky ball in the daytime sky . '', 
  whether you like it or not , light behaves different in the vacuum of space than it does on planets with atmospheres . 
  the comet is also isolated , there are n't many objects near it that reflect light . 
  in your vacuum chamber example , there 's still 6 walls on all sides which reflects light towards all directions . 
  that does n't happen in the comet 's case . 
  your vacuum chamber is also very tiny , which gives the light little time to diverge/bend . 
   title mistake , the contrast in the picture is n't increased [ the entire title is a big fail ] i love how you think you claim to know more about the science , yet this sentence alone radiates retardation . 
  did i get the wrong comet ? 
  did i have the wrong name ? 
  were n't the original photo 's enhanced ? 
  just because you can ( wrongly ) point out a mistake in a title does n't mean it 's completely wrong . 
   which makes objects in space look very high in contrast and in black and white . 
  [ the picture is b&w because camera is b&w ] i was wrong about the black and white indeed , but not so much about the contrast . 
   because here on earth , the atmosphere diffuses some of the light , which causes light to hit objects from more directions . 
  [ actually reflection causes the light to come from multiple directions , not diffusion ] it 's a combined effect . 
  i did n't mention it because it 's trivial , my point remains : colours are different in space . 
  it depends on multiple factors , like objects close together could bounce of enough light in order to create the close to same kind of contrast we have here on earth , but this is n't the case with a lonely asteroid/comet . 
   the vacuum of space does n't have this . 
  [ there are reflections in the vacuum of space . 
  that 's why you see the moon ] reflection does happen in space , but not as much as it happens here on earth , because there 's little to reflect off in the nothingness of space . 
   the pictures were photoshopped to re-create this atmosphere effect [ why would you even want an ` atmosphere effect ' on a comet ] in order to give people a picture of what the comet would look like of it was right here in front of there noses . 
  why would n't you want it ? 
  it 's interesting and beautiful . 
   what you see in the picture is how the comet would look if you 'd see it as you see most objects . 
  this way it reveals the ` actual ' colours . 
  [ no , it does n't ] no argument = no point made . 
   the colours you see depend on multiple factors [ while your eyes may trick you , a black & white camera is designed to capture only shades of grey ] no shit . 
  that does n't change the facts that different circumstances can change the colours of something . 
   so no real picture can claim that it shows the ` actual ' colours [ you ca n't recover color information from a b&w picture ] you can if you have additional information of the comets . 
  quoted directly from the esa website : `` osiris ( optical , spectroscopic , and infrared remote imaging system ) is a dual camera imaging system operating in the visible , near infrared and near ultraviolet wavelength ranges . 
  osiris consists of two independent camera systems sharing common electronics . 
  the narrow angle camera is designed to produce high spatial resolution images of the nucleus of the target comet . 
  the wide angle camera has a wide field of view and high straylight rejection to image the dust and gas directly above the surface of the nucleus of the target comet . 
  each camera is equipped with filter wheels to allow selection of imaging wavelengths for various purposes . 
  the spectroscopic and wider band infrared imaging capabilities originally proposed and incorporated in the instrument name were descoped during development . '', 
  with the information of different spectra you can accurately recover the colour combined with the black and white image . 
  i could tell you , but i 'm not going to repeat myself . 
  read my previous comment you goof . 
  haha , just noticed his flair says ` netherlands ' . 
  more accurately : the majority of / r/europe users . 
  of course they are photoshopped . 
  being in a vacuum affects the way objects look ( title mistake , the contrast in the picture is n't increased ) which makes objects in space look very high in contrast and in black and white . 
  because here on earth , the atmosphere diffuses some of the light , which causes light to hit objects from more directions . 
  the vacuum of space does n't have this . 
  the pictures were photoshopped to re-create this atmosphere effect . 
  what you see in the picture is how the comet would look if you 'd see it as you see most objects . 
  this way it reveals the ` actual ' colours .
