  who are you talking to ? 
  you basically said in your comment that russia 's hostility is valid because ukraine has debts . 
  however i am saying it is not because of international law . 
  nowhere have i stated whether russia would agree or listen to international law , i am only saying that no matter what : this is unwarranted aggression by international law , irrelevant whether ukraine has a debt with russia or not . 
   is this a joke ? 
  are you ? 
  international law does n't work that way . 
   all [ un ] members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state , or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the united nations . 
  the only way for a nation to legally declare war is with permission of the security council . 
   the us is n't asking germany to let said people in . 
  no , but the situation it has created certainly has forced germany to make a decision of conscience . 
   and there 's a pretty extended causal chain there . 
  the us attacks iraq . 
  government gets elected . 
  government asks the us to leave . 
  us leaves . 
  sans us support , rebels take significant swaths of iraq . 
  iraq asks for us air support in retaking chunks of country , which is being provided . 
  rebels support syrian expansion . 
  really wrong summary of the whole situation . 
  iraq was a sunnite minority dictatorship under hussein . 
  the sunnites were less numerous than the shias but held most of the power , discriminating shias . 
  after the invasion of iraq the mainly sunnite army that served under hussein was disbanded and a democratic government was formed . 
  as the shias are the majority in the population , the sunnites lost a lot of their powerful positions . 
  so a shitload of former politicians and people with a military background saw their favourable positions and wealth disappear and even experienced being discriminated . 
  many top brass of isis even met in us prisoner camps . 
  this of course led to dissatisfaction in sunnite dominated areas , concentrated around the rivers of mesopotamia : the euphrates and the tigris . 
  is used this dissatisfaction to seize control in these areas , which is why the [ area directly along the two rivers forms the heartland of is held territory ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1d/territorial_control_of_the_isis_ve.png ) . 
  ( this was the situation in 2014 )  if you 're going to adopt a generous citizenship policy , not detain people who illegally immigrate for years , continue to be wealthy , and so forth , you 're gon na get this every time there 's unrest somewhere in the poor parts of the world . 
  please american , educate me on how our migration system works . 
  as far as i know , getting citizenship in an european country is harder than in the us . 
  and we do detain people that illegally immigrate , we also deport them if international law allows it . 
  the main reason many refugees were n't obstructed on their way north was because of the giant unexpected amounts of them . 
   you want your problem to end , you 're gon na have to clamp down on immigration . 
  and the us ca n't do that for you . 
  sorry , but that 's the reality of things . 
  never said the us should or could do anything . 
  i 'm only saying this whole ordeal is an example of why atlanticism is a terrible idea and why the us has no right to complain about bearing the brunt of nato 's expenditure . 
  the european part of nato does n't do military adventures . 
   it 's always a sign of a lack of knowledge or dishonesty . 
  then proceeds to say :  hitler was a fascist who wanted to dominate the world like , really ? 
  hitler 's plans are a lot more like putin 's than you believe . 
  hitler never wanted to dominate the world , he wanted a big german empire as one of the world 's major powers with many countries around it as satellite states . 
  putin wants a big russia as one of the world 's major powers with countries as satellite states around it . 
  indeed . 
  one of the reasons i am firmly against [ atlanticism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlanticism ) . 
  american politicians and right-wing personas keep complaining about them carrying the nato , even though the united states is also the biggest agressor/arsonist in the alliance . 
  if they want to make a mess in middle-east , do n't complain about the expense of cleaning it up ... like this whole refugee deal . 
  germany was expecting 800.000 . 
  how many are the us letting in ? 
  bit of a false dichotomy though . 
  war with russia is n't the alternative to being friends with russia . 
  and ? 
  they 're no longer a colony , but a part of france and they like to be part of france . 
  i think that is pretty sufficient a high horse to stand on when you look at what israel 's doing . 
  but it is n't occupied . 
  the french guianeans ( or whatever you call them ) have their own assembly : assembl\u00e9e de guyane . 
  and they vote in french elections , having deputies in both the french assembly and in the senate . 
  you can hardly call it being occupied when the natives are fine with you being there ... 
  the eiffel tower is n't built on occupied homeless people 's land ... 
  again : wat, 
   since they are a first world country ( for now ) wat, 
  as opposed as remembering one from before 756bc ? 
  still a bad way to back your case when arguing with a native to the country you 're talking about . 
  yeah , and remember which of the two still exists . 
  right , so you base your stance on an assumption ? 
   i 'm not sure about france , but in america ... starts a discussion with a frenchman about what you 're ( not ) allowed to do in france  _ , 
  humans commonly do it when authorities do n't keep them under control . 
  who are you quoting there buddy ? 
  like the english sentence : mass sexual harassment ? 
  how dare they have a word for that ... 
  yeah i mean , the initial news that a majority of scots favoured independence now , came very shortly after the referendum . 
  we 're now in this phase where there 's been a decision in favour of brexit , but brexit itself has n't happened yet . 
  making it seem as nothing big has happened ( just a change of government in london ) . 
  it does if you 're advocating mass genocide though . 
  yes , in recent history . 
  you realise that before the '80s , islamic terrorism virtually did n't exist as it does now ? 
  the first big covered terrorist act by a fundamental muslim group was in 1983 during the lebanon civil war . 
  therefore it was just considered a conservative religion . 
   and then boil it 's cause down to `` its motivated by the wests military action '' . 
  because it basically is . 
  before the gulf wars , no islamic terrorism against the west . 
  it all started when the united states wanted to kick iraq out of kuwait . 
  for the operation they requested their saudi allies to allow a few american military bases on saudi soil in order to aid in the liberation . 
  osama bin laden , a guy who became a miljonair thanks to the family construction company , despised this decision as the bases should n't be built on what he called holy ground of islam . 
  he then used his money to kickstart modern jihadism . 
   gender equality , gay marriage , free porn ( first in the world ) , world exporter of bacon , irreligious / atheists , freedom of speech , alcohol , democracy , love dogs . 
  not exactly hallmarks of islam ? 
  nor hallmarks of christianity or judaism . 
  people believe in fundamental ideas because they believe in fundamental ideas . 
  turns out the abrahamic religions are all batshit conservative and incompatible with western society . 
  we 've just simply decided to ignore religion when it comes to structuring our society whilst they have n't in some muslim countries . 
  the fact that history has shown that islam is no more inherently violent than christianity ? 
  well i do n't think that really makes europe an exception . 
  yes , in a short period things have gone to shit in europe , but that 's only been about 8 years . 
  eventually we will rebound from the economic crisis and continue with the upwards trend ( we 're already recovering aka going up ) , eventually we will stop being targeted by islamic terrorists and crime/deaths will once again keep on a trend down like it used to do . 
  that 's the thing really , you ca n't bomb out extremism or try to out it with violence . 
  most anti-terrorism policies are highly ineffective . 
  the only way is to just wait it out . 
  eventually terrorist groups give up .
