  lol . 
  this is the internet . 
  what did you expect ? 
  that 's not entirely true in our case . 
  most people here on / r/europe are in favour of increasing our defence budgets . 
  our idealism does n't mean we 're blind to actual problems our idealism faces . 
  exactly . 
  the ec has ordered 3 new expendable launchers to be build . 
  the esa does n't build launchers unless they are needed . 
  the fact that the ec has ordered 3 new launchers thus means that the ec wants the esa to use them to launch something . 
  in this case galileo satellites . 
  new launcher order = new mission or a mission change . 
  op does n't say that the ariane 5 is a new launcher . 
  op is saying that the esa is making another batch of expendable launchers . 
  in this case , the mission change is that the satellites will be launched with an ariane 5 , instead of a soyuz . 
  because we control them , instead of the americans . 
  if you 're going to want a good defence , do n't rely on your defence completely done by someone else . 
  if there 's going to be nukes in our countries , our countries should own those nukes . 
  so , when i buy a ` new ' computer from the store and it does n't have the latest processors or operating system , it 's not new ? 
  sorry , did n't read . 
   that 's it . 
  no , it is n't . 
  sorry , did n't read . 
  not my opinion , but both in canada and in the eu there has been serious consideration . 
   you shouldnt be wasting your time on here then . 
  how do i stop wasting my time here ? 
  you could show me how to by stopping yourself wasting time here . 
   the eu is not a place for backwards countries which build gold statues of their dictator and have cults of personality . 
  obviously if kazakhstan joins it would have to meet certain criterias . 
  i think the question should n't be :  could kazakhstan be allowed to join ? 
  the question should be :  could kazakhstan be allowed to join once they meet the right criteria ? 
  cyprus has no territory in europe and denmark also has more landmass outside of europe than it has in europe ( greenland ) . 
  by your definition , neither denmark nor cyprus could apply to membership , yet they are members . 
  you do n't know kazakhstan , but you do n't want them in , so you desperately try to think of as many reasons as possible to argue they should n't be allowed in . 
  kazakhstan also plays in european league football , not in the asian league . 
   no , if you look at a map , you see a clear natural border . 
  no , i do n't . 
  the most clear natural border are the ural mountains . 
  kazakhstan has territory west of them . 
  so , they 're a special case that must be looked upon individually . 
   because they are not european . 
  they are actually european . 
  russia , belarus and ukraine are just as much a candidate for eu membership as kazakhstan . 
  denying membership purely because most of the country is n't within a geographic border , even thought culturally it 's close to europe , is n't a very good reason . 
   if we take them , we 'd have to admit you aussies too . 
  and the ` muricans . 
  might as well take south korea too while we are at it . 
  that 's the same argument anti-gay people use : `` if we allow gay marriage , what 's next ? 
  marrying dogs ? '', 
   if we take them , we 'd have to admit ... no , we do n't have to . 
  canada is actually a serious candidate for membership ... 
  i guess we look a bit like each other . 
  and for you , since it means you can come out !, 
  that 's exactly what a gay person still in the closet would say . 
   not my scene . 
  no need to hide it . 
  this is a european subreddit , gay people are tolerated here . 
  come on . 
  you would still need multiple more laps . 
  getting 1 lap closer would n't hurt anybody . 
  that does n't really show . 
  try harder . 
  it 's not fun if your opponent is several leagues below you . 
  oh here we go . 
   it 's always funny to see how you can get people like you so low . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  the only thing you need to do is correct their grammar and people are already comparing you to actual nazi 's . 
  come on . 
  i 'm waiting for something better . 
  is that really all you have ? 
  you 're * i 'm * you 're you learned 3 things right there . 
  sorry , my understanding of bullshit has n't gotten any better . 
  i 'm sure someone so expert in bullshit as you could explain how it works . 
  sorry , i do n't understand bullshit . 
  i 've heard talks on the internet , that transnistria might actually try and help the ukrainian separatists by attacking ukraine and going for odessa . 
  that would be a severe game changing move . 
  let 's hope this is not the case . 
   theres nothing in christianity about black rights . 
  some argue there are . 
  just because you think the kkk is doing christianity wrong , does n't mean they are n't christians . 
   theres a difference between being homophobic and acting homophobic . 
  doesnt make them necessarily pro or anti gay . 
  i once talked to a banana , it came up with smarter stuff . 
  we are not talking about ` acting ' homophobic . 
  what you said in your previous comment comes down to this : homophobic people that act a bit homo , are n't homophobic . 
  yes , they are . 
  blazing homosexuals can be homophobic . 
  it 's not a matter of your sexuality . 
  it 's like saying i ca n't be pro-gay because i 'm straight . 
  i can be pro-gay although i 'm straight , just as much as a gay person can be anti-gay . 
   and homophobic doesnt mean christian . 
  and it also doesnt even necessarily mean truly anti gay . 
  translated :  and gay hating is n't christian . 
  and it also is n't necessarily anti-gay . 
  i 'm not saying they are all evil . 
  my point is : if you disagree with nazism they way hitler said it , you 're not a nazi . 
  the people you are talking about were n't real nazi 's . 
  they were simple people . 
  but that does n't make nazism any more innocent . 
  posting links to two studies is n't going to prove much if you ca n't even get your head around what we 're talking about .
