  is it just me or has there been a lot more comments complaining about greece bashing on here than actual greece bashing ? 
  nah , i am done with this . 
  it is impossible to trust anything you write since you edit them long after i 've responded and add entire paragraphs . 
  i have absolutely no way to tell now whether you 've changed anything to adapt them to my arguments so i look like an ass . 
   are a social and political movement ? 
  do you understand that ` culture ' and ` social and political movement ' are not the same thing ? 
  i was saying the taliban is n't a ' [ culture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture ) ' , why are you now suddenly accusing me of denying that they are a [ social and political movement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_movement ) ? 
   so why are you accommodating to fat people ? 
  i 'm not accommodating to fat people . 
  just because people do not want to fuck over fat people , does n't mean people want to change society to accommodate fat people . 
  i think our society should accommodate everyone as it is . 
  i am not going to change it in favour of any group . 
   naturally , the taliban would disagree . 
  good on the taliban , but words do not change their meaning based on what one group thinks . 
  in the english dictionary they do not fit the word ` culture ' , so in english they are not a culture . 
   and that did come with rules for how they think society should look like . 
  if far left activists perform a couple of terrorist acts , you do n't call them a culture even though they are driven by the idea of what society should be like . 
  same here . 
  if a radical islamist group performs terrorist acts , you do not call them a culture even though they want society to adopt a certain culture . 
   if you say that there is no such thing as taliban society i said that there is no such thing as taliban ` culture ' . 
  ps : do n't downvote people over something as stupid as the right use of the word ` culture ' . 
  you 're a subtle one . 
   we ca n't agree that the taliban are objectively less good than more western influenced societies ? 
  because the taliban is not a society , it is a terrorist group . 
  it is better to replace ` culture ' with ` ethnicity ' because some cultures are factually better than others . 
  i would always think a culture that for example promotes paedophilia ( i am not accusing any culture of doing this ) is worse than one that does n't . 
  but , i would never think an ethnicity is factually better than others . 
  so culture is a bad word to use when we 're talking about racism and the like . 
  people can switch and edit cultures , people ca n't switch or ` change ' their ethnicity . 
  yes . 
   smoking does not cause cancer in 100 % of cases . 
  neither does running down pedestrians with a car always result in death , but i would n't allow driving down the wrong way . 
   does n't discriminate between fat percentage and muscle , so a very fit but muscular person could be seen as more overweight according to their bmi than a `` skinny fat '' person who does n't exercise much . 
  yeah , but that is pretty irrelevant when looking at larger populations . 
  i 'm 100 % sure the us and europe are n't getting more ripped , so an increasing average bmi would indicate overweight by fat . 
   who throw around buzzwords not that long ago i got called an ` ethno-fascist ' . 
  because they are terrorists . 
  why not ? 
  true , but at the same time , the line  ` pro-immigration ' people call everyone who does n't agree with them a racist has become like an anti-immigration godwin . 
  even some people who clearly make racist remarks ( see this guy below linking to a site that talks about ` former white countries ' and the like ) now use ` you guys call everyone a racist ' in order to wave off people calling them out . 
  from the ` about ' page of that website :  all of the former white countries are facing the same threats of mass immigration , liberalism , feminism and the atomization of the family -- but sweden has taken on the leading role regarding these matters . 
  therefore we find it important to communicate the many times bizarre and almost always frightening development in the country once known for social security , ethnic homogeneity and spirit of work and ingenuity . 
  ...  all of the former white countries  the country once known for social security , ethnic homogeneity and spirit of work and ingenuity . 
   i try to agree with you and connect with your experience . 
  only response i get is a low quality reply , right after you condemned useless and hostile posts . 
  read my comment again , if you look hard enough you might find yourself a sense of humor . 
  `` their soldiers have taken a few days off and now depend on their guinea pigs to defend ukraine , now is our chance ! '', 
  what is your problem all of the sudden ? 
  [ ` you , who has very opposite opinions compared to mine ' ] ( http://tardis1.tinygrab.com/grabs/596be162b5f3cabb3cd6dad1fa0e98428fd395bd31.png ), 
   really ? 
  it feels like you 've been here a lot longer . 
  nope . 
  my account was created in september 2013 . 
  so i 've been here for about 1\u00a03/4 th year . 
   are you sure the content 's actually gone down , or are you just remembering the past fondly ? 
  do n't think so . 
  i used to write comments that were gigantic in discussions . 
  now they 're usually much more smaller and the discussions also contain a lot more hostility . 
  not necessarily any bad stuff , but just more hostile . 
  probably also partly my fault , it seems i 've been getting more agitated ever since the beginning of the ukraine crisis . 
  i should probably learn to just walk away at some points . 
  only a few months ago i successfully walked away from a discussion right before it really turned hostile , felt good man . 
   secondly , which sort of low content do you mean ? 
  lots of people have different views on this and i 'd be interested to know which types of content you have in mind . 
  i just think certain threads and/or comment chains could be a lot less hostile and that it would help if they could be put to a halt before they really turn sour , and just wait for people to cool off . 
   the brigading thing sucks , but it 's easy enough to downvote obvious racism i do n't think downvoting is going to be enough . 
  i see a lot of obviously brigaded comments that remain in the positives for hours and hours on end . 
  the rules should n't get stricter , the mod team needs to be bigger to counter the growth of the subreddit , and more focused . 
   in any specific way or are you just fondly remembering `` the good old days '' which probably did n't really exist and are just a byproduct of you not being able to remember all the things which annoyed you even back then . 
  i 've been here for only a year ( a little more ) and in that short time i 've seen what sarmatae and other people described too . 
  there needs to be a much bigger hunt on low quality comments and posts . 
  lot of russian shills in these comments haha . 
  the subreddit you 're looking for is / r/european edit : sorry / r/european , i forget you guys own this subreddit . 
  should n't make degenerate comments about / r/europe 's overlords here . 
  fuck this subreddit has taken a nosedive downwards . 
   oh , that 's good . 
  so tsipras visiting moscow for the proposed gas stream , that will benefit greece is bad ? 
  if it was only for the proposed gas stream , no . 
  but that is not the case . 
   many eu leaders outright refuse to visit moscow for the victory day celebrations , merkel going shows there is not much solidarity within the eu . 
  completely different logic.merkel does not refuse because she has a duty as the leader of the country that started the entire war to attend . 
  i 'd agree with you if merkel was the leader of random european country x , but she is n't . 
  she is the leader of germany . 
   i wonder where these same people who were saying this about tsipras and greece are now merkel will be visiting . 
  they are right here . 
   but when tsipras visited moscow because he visited moscow solemnly for the reason of cuddling up with russia . 
  merkel is visiting moscow to pay respect the dead of the war her country started . 
   it 's the way you treat everybody like an idiot whilst you do it . 
  there 's no need for it . 
  all it does is make this encounter quite unpleasurable which is why i am disinclined to continue it . 
  i only ` treat ' people as idiots if they 're being idiots . 
  there were two guys who made big assumptions without reading the article . 
  two of them . 
  one of them is now bringing up actual good points , the other is still trolling . 
  i do n't know where you get this idea from . 
   then it would be pretty important to focus on him specifically . 
  not if you ignore the other 85 % and pretend the hamburger can not function without 15 % of it 's market . 
   they 're also european like i am , and the story centres around the future head of that european space agency . 
  yes , but you were making a point about a global something . 
  if you want to use european affairs as arguments , use them for european subjects , not international subjects .
