  last election he was predicted to win seats . 
  he lost seats . 
  it is . 
  that 's what i was attacking . 
  his analogy , comparing international and nation states to a freeway is stupid . 
  a freeway has police patrolling it , international politicis has n't . 
  what a dumb analogy . 
  your analogy assumes a lot of things . 
  first off : is there no police in this universe of yours ? 
  if there is police : then obviously you would n't hit the brakes , you hope he will be handled by the law . 
  if no : anarchism , that suv would n't be the only one driving recklessly . 
  or everyone would depend on freeway users taking down the suv voluntarily , in which case you try to drive him off the road if you have the skills and the balls or do n't if you hope someone else will do it . 
  no idea how can you relate this analogy to the real world . 
  i assume russia is the suv . 
  then who is the police ? 
  the un ? 
  they ca n't force russia to do anything they do not want . 
  the us ? 
  neither can they . 
  so obviously in other for this analogy to work , you must assume this freeway exists in an anarchistic universe where there is no police patrolling or checking the freeway in any way . 
  this means we would either allow the suv to drive recklessly and endanger everyone , or we would depend on other drivers ( other countries ) to stop the suv from doing it . 
  so your solution with your analogy is : do n't drive reckless because someone else does it . 
  just continue driving like you do . 
  but your analogy actually shows , because there is no police , everyone depends on other drivers voluntarily stopping reckless drivers . 
  in which case the solution is not to just act as if nothing is happening . 
  the solution is that the countries that are able to and dare to , should drive reckless as well to try and stop the suv and make the freeway safer then there is another problem . 
  you assume that the other drivers , trying to stop the suv lose control of their car if they do and hurt other drivers around . 
  so if a country tries to use dirty tactics , they endanger others ? 
  if brazil would kidnap a russian spy , who would they endanger ? 
  argentina ? 
  what ? 
  my parents always watch this tv show about finding houses for british people somewhere in the uk . 
  it baffles us that british people would pay that much for such shitty houses . 
  they 're often small , old , claustrophobic , kitsch . 
  well not that true . 
  the referendum was on whether they should accept the demands of the troika in the deal that was on the table then . 
  by the time the referendum was held , that deal was already gone . 
  there was never a referendum about austerity . 
  my mom is now a fan of tusk , because she heard him make the ` agreekment ' joke on the radio . 
  but do n't you get it rarehero ? 
  germany is literally hitler !, 
  i would be disappointed if they were . 
  because the referendum was completely nuts . 
  the deal the greeks were voting yes or no to was already off the table days before the greek even voted . 
  they did not vote against anything the greek government is doing now . 
  there was no referendum on whether austerity should be scrapped , there was no referendum on how many requests greece should accept , only about whether greece should accept the deal that was on the table at that time , which it already was n't anymore . 
  you mean athens is really small ? 
   oh c'mon ... it 's everywhere !, 
  almost on every report about the crisis . 
  even die welt had an article about it today . 
  google is your friend . 
  :d yes , i also have a citation for the fact that you 're an ass : google is your friend . 
  once people start to defend their points by not even bothering to link google results , but by actually referring to google itself , you know those people have no idea . 
   you give me too much credit mate !, 
  i cant point to a third way myself . 
  i do , i thought your english to be better and i thought you 'd read my comment correctly . 
  i said you pointed to the existence of a third way , not the third way itself . 
   every single economist around the world , nobel prize holders included and lately the imf itself point on the 3rd way : aka the necessity of a debt relief else the math doesnt add . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  it is all about what you or everyone else is thinking . 
  the greek government 's inability to realise the reality is what is keeping this crisis from being solved . 
   it mathematics . 
  yes and the mathematics do not point to the existence of a third way , whilst you and syriza keep insisting there is . 
  sorry , you have to choose . 
  a third way , a.k.a going straight against the offers of the troika will result in the first choice . 
  greek people and syriza need to stop thinking there is some third way they could pick . 
  there is n't any , sorry . 
  i do n't see why we should offer them better terms . 
  spain seems to be recovering now ( its gdp grew with 2,8 % in 2014 and [ unemployment seems to be going down ] ( http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/servlet/quickviewchart?series_key=132.sts.m.es.s.uneh.rtt000.4.000 ) ) and so does italy ( its gdp grew with 0,3 % in the first quarter of 2015 , [ unemployment ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/og.png?url=/italy/unemployment-rate ) ), 
   but ffs at least lets make them pay for their part of the responsibility and stop pointing fingers to nations . 
  what would you rather have ? 
  a collapsing greece and a bank that pays it 's part of the collapse , or a non-collapsing greece with a bank that pays little of the damage ? 
  if your answer is the first one , you 're not thinking with your brain . 
  1/3rd of british people said they would want it , as did 1/3rd french people . 
  the resistance against it is n't that big . 
  you can really see that the person who wrote it is used to writing greek . 
   i mean , this all seems a bit contradictory to me it is n't . 
  just like germany banning stuff related to national-socialism is not undermining their democracy . 
   and your solution to the opinions of clearly a very significant group of people that visit / r/europe [ 1 ] , is to shame them and to silence them . 
  this is very clear . 
  you are clearly arguing against the free exchange of ideas when they dissent from your own world-view . 
  you are right , i am . 
  this subreddit has rules that should protect it from extremist opinions . 
  if that means a significant group of / r/europe visitors fall into that category , so be it . 
  i 'd rather have a free subreddit for moderate opinions , then a free subreddit for extreme opinions . 
  i am for freedom of speech for people that are not extremists . 
  i am against freedom of speech for people that are extremists . 
   you say ` ruined ' . 
  yet you only use that word because you disagree with a lot of posts here . 
  no , i use that word because the far right has gotten a grip on this subreddit and any incentive from the mods or other users to fight it is met by incredible hostility . 
  ( which just shows how big that grip actually is )  and where are the death threats ? 
  i have yet to see any death threats on / r/europe [ 1 ] . 
  please provide sources , because i really think you 're being dishonest here . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b86ws/mods_of_reurope_stop_sweeping_islamist_violence/csjwagb https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b86ws/mods_of_reurope_stop_sweeping_islamist_violence/csju1lo honestly , i think most people here are dishonest . 
  they 're shouting that they 're being repressed , even though there is absolutely no repression going on . 
  most people complaining just dislike that their opinions and posts are against the rules and getting removed . 
  they 're mad because the mods are properly taking care of the house rules of the subreddit . 
  and most people that shout oppression , are n't even aware of the fact of a lot of features / r/europe has that allows users to view what the mods are doing . 
  they 're just shouting oppression because they want to break the rules . 
   again , you 're complaining and accusing people of being ` uneducated ' .
