  liechtenstein might be interesting . 
  do tv 's actually receive euronews ? 
  i have no idea about the actual numbers . 
  i do know that stereo-typically america is often seen as an non-immigrant friendly country . 
   what debate ? 
  what rules ? 
  i simply think anti-immigration means against all immigration . 
  we basically see eye to eye with what the ukip is doing , but interpret the results differently . 
  it 's not about you think that anti-immigration means . 
  there is a standard definition for the word anti-immigration . 
  also , this is about what the ukip is doing , not it 's interpretation . 
   not every comment thread is a debate . 
  sometimes , comments are just that . 
  comments . 
  discussion . 
  noun an act or instance of discussing ; consideration or examination by argument , comment , etc. , especially to explore solutions ; informal debate . 
  it 's pretty clear that this is a discussion/informal debate . 
  a comment is saying something about something . 
  a debate is arguing with people about a stance or other . 
   i just said that our definitions were different , so there is no point in continuing . 
  there was no need for this . 
  i agree there is no point in continuing . 
  i do not debate people who think they can change the rules in their favor . 
  definition is not something that can change depending on person , maybe with more subjective/vaguer words . 
  the dictionary is clear enough for this one . 
   in any case , it 's very debatable whether stricter immigration is a bad thing . 
  i never said it 's a bad thing . 
  i said that it is hypocrite to whine about jobs getting taking by foreigners , only to give one to a foreigner . 
   they 're directly from the party 's website . 
  if they 're not solid arguments , then the ukip is lying . 
  of course i 'm going to base my argument based on what i 've read of their literature . 
  they want to control the immigration . 
  a.k.a they want to slow it down , severely . 
  anti-immigration does n't necessarily mean getting rid of all immigration . 
  as i said : ukip is anti-immigration . 
  they want to lower the immigration . 
  here 's a quote from their website :  \u2022 regain control of our borders and of immigration - only possible by leaving the eu . 
  do you think they want to control the immigration to keep it like it is ? 
  or to increase it ? 
  no , they want to ` regain ' control of it in order to curb immigration . 
   what opinion you have , is n't an argument . 
  his posters are over the top , and very clearly targetted at a specific group of people . 
  this is neither here nor there , though . 
  then you need to learn how to read correctly as i was n't referring to myself as proof . 
  i said that i think they 're anti-immigration because of the same reasons you think they 're not . 
  me thinking is n't the argument , the reason i 'm thinking it is the argument . 
   yeah , a green card is hard to obtain , but in any case , therein lies the rub . 
  we have different definitions of anti-immigration . 
  i use the dictionary definition . 
  what definition do you use then ? 
   carry on . 
  i 'll decide that for myself . 
   whether or not this is a bad thing is up to debate -- for example , there 's lot 's of literature about america imposing limits on who can enter and who ca n't , but hardly anyone would say america is against giving `` outsiders '' jobs . 
  so , while his party 's posters are over the top , let 's not pretend farage 's party is completely anti-immigration , because it 's not . 
  you base this on what you 've read and heard . 
  those are n't solid arguments . 
  i 'd say he is strictly anti-immigration . 
  he sure as hell does n't pay attention to who 's immigrating by the look of his posters . 
  i do see america as anti-immigration as well . 
  i 've heard a lot of americans complain about mexican immigrants . 
  it 's a bit of a american stereotype . 
  no , it does not . 
  his entire campaign focuses on stopping non-british people from getting jobs in the uk . 
  the fact that he personally employs a non-uk woman is hypocritical , whether it 's his wife or not . 
  if someone else had an immigrant wife ? 
  would farage support her having a job ? 
  i do n't know , but i have my doubts . 
  ukip got 37 % for me . 
  ` extremist ' is a bit over the top . 
  i am in no way in favor of independence or anything similar . 
  i like the way things are . 
  just proud of the heritage . 
  yep . 
  i 'm planning on learning friisk and seeltersk at some point . 
  europe comes first , frisia comes second and the netherlands come third . 
  well ... fuck . 
  a spanish guy making fun of italians . 
  shame on you . 
  it does . 
  you might not think like this , but a lot of others do . 
  either consciously or unconsciously . 
  what could be called ` european ' is highly disputed . 
  where the border is drawn depends on who you ask . 
  a lot of people see the ural mountains , the black sea , the caucasus and the mediterranean as the border . 
  you 'll run into a few problems : * the ural mountains extend into kazakhstan . 
  * the caucasus runs through azerbaijan , georgia and armenia . 
  * the black sea and the mediterranean cut turkey in half . 
  if turkey qualifies as a european country , i think we could call azerbaijan , georgia and armenia european as well . 
  some . 
  some use the fact that the eu has no power against people like putin , in order to prove that the eu is a bad idea . 
   refuses to give eu more power  complains eu has no power come on europeans . 
  a polish friend of mine said it was n't so funny because he said that in poland the same sort of stuff happens . 
  does it also happen in ukraine ? 
  article 5 did n't help with this whole ukraine situation because ukraine is n't a nato member . 
  if it were , the annexation of crimea would 've never happened . 
  because controversy sells . 
  or else nothing . 
  do you know what the word ` please ' means ? 
  please , do n't use the eu flag as a flair . 
  i mean as in demonstrating .
