  if they came here , they did n't bother to improve their living conditions there . 
  it is more likely to suggest that they tried but could n't , which is why they need our help . 
  but we refuse to help so their only option is to come here . 
   yea , we developed ourselves . 
  which is the key . 
  no amount of money and food send to africa from feel good europeans will systematically improve their living conditions on the long term . 
  the first sentences completely ignores what i said . 
  we developed ourselves in a different world than the current world . 
  ` if we could develop ourselves , than africans can do it too ' is comparing apples to oranges , was my point . 
  you did not address it . 
  the second part is another one of your assumptions without any arguments or evidence as to why and how . ', 
  start giving arguments instead of empty statements . 
   i disagree . 
  you 're welcome to proof the opposit though . 
  no , you 're the one claiming running away fixes problems . 
  you 're the one to proof how running away fixes problems . 
   one of the reasons we face these huge immigration problems is because europe fucked up libya , as it did with so many countries . 
  and now europe is gone with its tail between its legs howling in brussels as if they do n't know what happened that triggered this business . 
  exactly , and you are advocating it goes with its tail even further between its legs . 
  the eu knows very well what happened , politicians are too lazy to take action and people like you want to keep it that way . 
   since i 'm just as well a citizen i can advocate that my/our government does n't help on my behalf , thank you very much . 
  you can , but with this argument :  whatever you want to do is up to you , but do it in your spare time with your own savings . 
  you 're suggesting as if his opinion is invalid . 
  he is treating your opinion and the point you 're advocating as valid , so why are n't you respecting his ? 
   africa is a mess partly because of us , that 's why i want us gone there . 
  africa will really improve once europe leaves for good . 
  so , the best way to fix a problem after you 've caused it is to run away ? 
  africa is a mess because we made it a mess on purpose . 
  refusing to help fix the mess is n't going to help it get fixed any faster . 
  there are no reasons to believe it works like that . 
   they do . 
  that 's why we should treat them as equals , and not as sub-humans like we 've done the past decades/centuries . 
  we should cooperate , not ` help ' them . 
  we should establish trade , not dump goods . 
  we should give them a plough , not a bag of grain . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  since when is helping someone the same as treating someone as a sub-human ? 
  how in heavens can you come to the conclusion that helping = looking down on someone . 
  it is especially weird because giving them a plough is also helping . 
  why is giving grain to africans the same as treating them as sub-humans whilst giving them a plough and telling them to fix their own problems is n't ? 
  indeed , and it only needs to happen to one country : libya . 
  it is pretty much anarchy in libya , and 2/3rd of all immigrants embarking on the mediterranean do that in libya . 
  having a government there that can actually guard it 's borders will decrease boat immigrants enormously . 
  there is a democratic government in libya , nato and the eu need to help consolidate that government 's power militarily . 
  because people love populist , gut-feeling , no deep thinking needed answers . 
  simply arguing that denying everyone entrance is going to work is easier than actually coming up with and advocating a viable solution . 
   whatever you want to do is up to you , but do it in your spare time with your own savings . 
  what is this for an argument ? 
   these people need to intensify efforts to improve their living conditions in the places they live in . 
  what makes you think they are n't already making effort to improve their living conditions ? 
   they should theoretically be capable of the same thing as europeans . 
  this is a big mistake . 
  do you realize what ` we ' europeans did in order to get where we are now ? 
  the world we developed in is completely different from the world africa is currently developing in . 
   the less we help them , the better they will be of . 
  completely wrong assumption ( which it is , you have no arguments that support this ) . 
  poverty ca n't simply fix it itself if given enough time . 
   it seems again ` seems ' is not good enough , it is once again basing policy on empty air . 
  the solution to the problem is easy . 
  increase rescue attempts and fish as many immigrants out of the water , take them to europe , decide whether they can stay . 
  if yes , they stay , if not they 'll be boarded on the next plane home . 
  if they it ca n't be determined where they need to return to , you house them in refugee camps ( most obviously in northern africa . ), 
  no large influx of immigrants staying in europe , no people dying . 
  that is all you have to do . 
   if we try it and it does n't work then of course we should reconsider . 
  the worst reasoning for making policy is to ` try ' and see if it works . 
  if it does n't work you 've got the blood of thousands of people on your hand . 
  it might be obvious , but you ca n't sell it as a fact without evidence . 
  a lot of obvious things turn out to be untrue if you look at the facts . 
  as long as australia can not prove that their methods actually deter people from embarking on the journey , they ca n't claim it does . 
  no , of course not , it is pretty hard to blackmail someone with the fact that they 're giving piano lessons , is n't it ? 
  the fact that it was the job of sex worker that she did n't disclose of course counts . 
  the safezones are easier to defend . 
  if you guard the border of the safezone extremely well and turn down people at the gates if it 's too full will still prevent a lot of people from crossing the sea . 
  if we can simply do the asylum request there , we can put people that are denied asylum outside , send people that do get asylum to europe and allow new people to enter as people leave . 
   am i dumb reading this as a populism at its best ? 
  i would see them saying that the immigrants must go back to their own countries as more populist . 
   on other clay we all want more clay . 
  indeed . 
  i am especially angry with the un . 
  they saying we are n't doing enough ( they do have a point though ) , yet i do n't see any un help either . 
  this is your maintask un , get at it . 
  first order needs to return to libya . 
  second , build refugee camps on the north african coasts . 
  then give a lot of boats to north african countries with a european crew and have them fish up migrants that have embarked on the mediterranean and bring them to those refugee camps . 
  the reason for this is that if we rescue them with european boats , we need to bring them to europe . 
  once they 're on a european boat , they ca n't be brought to a country outside of europe . 
  so have north african boats bring them to north african refugee camps build with european funding . 
  in those refugee camp you give people the opportunity to learn a skill and a european language , if they are deemed fit to enter europe ( not extremist etc ) , give them asylum and/or a visa . 
  also , you should n't use ` a ' or ` an ' at all . 
  ` martial arts ' is plural , you only use ` a/an ' when it is singular . 
  they are a far-right sub . 
  the founder did n't like that his nazi ideas were banned here , so he create a sub without ` oppresion ' . 
  it is a breeding place for extremists . 
  people admiting they are proud of being nazis are being upvoted there . 
  :p edit : [ here you go ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/2zx5vw/former_french_soldier_who_volunteered_to_fight/cpow6kx ), 
   maybe this will get you guys riled up haha i remember when that happened . 
   comments are kind of ... tame . 
  we have a lot of self-knowledge , unlike u ` muricans . 
  is that okay ?
