  also , is cyprus really middle-eastern ? 
  that 's more like it . 
  the only thing i do not get is why greece is n't considered south europe . 
  and the colours mean ? 
  as i said in earlier comments i made here , countries like for example the czech republic or poland could be called central , like we do with time zones . 
  my main point is that abolishing the word ` eastern europe ' is weird since there are more than enough countries that are actually located in the east of europe . 
  well here is the official map : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/european_sub-regions_%28according_to_eurovoc%2c_the_thesaurus_of_the_eu%29.png the czech republic and such could be exceptions and added to the new central europe , but most countries are definitely eastern . 
  i agree there should be change to make things more clear , but it 's weird to just abolish the complete term ` eastern europe ' . 
  well i guess countries like the czech republic and croatia etcetera could be exceptions , but most of the countries east of central europe are actually east . 
  no need to abolish the whole word ` eastern europe ' . 
  this is the official eu definition : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/european_sub-regions_%28according_to_eurovoc%2c_the_thesaurus_of_the_eu%29.png green = west europe red = east europe blue = north europe yellow = south europe it 's named because of the cold war yes , but there 's no real reason to change it now , eastern europe is actually east . 
  edit : with the exception of the central european countries, 
  i know , but we 're not changing geographical names because of the things people associate with it . 
  eastern europe is doing fine . 
  eventually the name will be rid of poverty and such things associated with it . 
  [ fuckin ' ] ( http://youtu.be/wfye4uicove?t=59s ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  eastern europe is called eastern europe because it 's the eastern part of europe . 
  while we 're at it , scrap western , northern and southern europe . 
  and no , it 's not a weird name . 
  finland and greece are n't located in the west , that 's why we say they respectively are located in northern europe and southern europe . 
  so the article uses the wrong word ? 
  you do n't get the question . 
  the article clearly says ` public schools ' but i 'm told here that the article is actually talking about ` state schools ' . 
  so i wonder why the article says ` public schools ' and wondered if perhaps the english arbitrarily use the world ` public school ' to refer to both . 
  no need to downvote me for being confused . 
  wait . 
  so state schools and public schools are all called ` public schools ' ... ? 
  well , religion was/is actually an occurring thing in uk public schools . 
  i saw a documentary once a few years back , and attending the chapel was something that you were pretty much obliged to do . 
  i do n't know about the actual teaching , but i 'm sure some schools had the possibility of creationist lectures . 
  in addition from wiki :  the majority of public schools are affiliated with , or were established by , a christian denomination , principally the church of england , but including in some cases the roman catholic and methodist churches ; or else identify themselves as `` non-denominational christian '' . 
  a small number are inherently secular , most notably oswestry school . 
  no , 99,99 % of the time when people shout ad hominem , it 's to try and make themselves look like the superior intellect in the discussion . 
  they notice a slight ad hominem and immediately use it to discredit the opponent . 
  i 'm not saying that you 're part of that group , but pointing out some ad hominem fallacies is pretty much pointless on the internet . 
  there is n't some judge here that punishes those that use the slightest bit of crudeness in a discussion , so acting all hurt when i say something about you is n't going to get you shit in this discussion . 
  even if i did make use of a fallacy ( because i did n't ) . 
  i only said that an brit like you would n't understand , but i 'm not using that as an argument . 
  it 's a sneering remark , not a fallacy . 
  not polite , but if you 're looking for politeness you 'll be disappointed on the internet . 
   before we continue , can we stop with the ad hominem attacks ? 
  yes i 'm british , but that 's irrelevant . 
  i also speak french and german and am very happy i do , but that 's irrelevant . 
  i no longer take people seriously once they pull the ad hominem card . 
   now , i 'm not arguing for the abolish of already existing languages . 
  i 'm just arguing for the creation or resurrection of already dead languages . 
  then you need to rethink your opinion because earlier you said that if languages need maintenance they might as well get abolished . 
  living languages also need maintenance , not only dead languages . 
  and than it 's still weird that you bring it up here , since irish has never died . 
  it 's simply getting popular again . 
   but cultures which already exist fine l , like in wales , england , scotland , ireland , the usa and so on , do n't need their own languages to be arbitrarily created for them . 
  a language is not a necessity for a culture . 
  no culture will definitely die if it 's language becomes obsolete . 
  it will however be a huge blow to it . 
  on the contrary , adding a language can add to it . 
  which is the case with scotland , ireland and wales . 
  those places would be much more themselves if they all still spoke their celtic languages . 
  they do n't need them , but that does n't mean they 're useless . 
   you should n't try and erect arbitrary language barriers if you are already part of a language community that facilitates in global discussions and awareness . 
  you are merely forcing people to undertake a serious burden on their time which could be spent doing other , more useful things , for no gain other than to become a nation which will have more individuals who are incapable of participating in a global discussion due to a lack of language skills . 
  not true . 
  if my language died out , i 'd jump off a bridge . 
  you act as if it has no gain , only disadvantages , but it has . 
  but you as a british man would n't get it of course . 
  while we 're at it : let 's abolish everything that 's not useful . 
  if you want to live in a world where everything is sacrificed in the name of productivity , get off reddit and do something productive instead of shouting around that how other languages are a waste of time . 
  you 're wasting your time that could be spent on more useful things . 
  utilitarianism only really works up to a certain point . 
  the point at which we destroy an entire people 's identity is way over the line . 
  well a good thing this is n't the case with irish then . 
   if you have to actively try to maintain a spoken language it 's time to let it go . 
  all languages die and all languages have to be maintained . 
  without proper care every language is at risk . 
  language is almost always directly linked to an ethnicity or a culture . 
  just allowing a language to die is like stomping an ethnicity and/or culture in the face . 
  and no , it does n't mean it 's time to let go . 
  hebrew is doing very well right now , even though the language had to be pushed . 
  you can , but you 'll probably go down with your target . 
  also because you do n't really have the ground to make speed ( plus heavy armour ) so a tackle might not always result in you taking people down . 
  it 's called botn : battle of the nations . 
  you ` die ' if anything except your feet touches the ground . 
  the last team standing wins . 
  addition : lebensraum is a term from ww2 , translating to ` living space ' , used by the nazi regime . 
  lebensrauch literally translates to : ` living smoke ' . 
  we 'd love to , but then all of the sudden ` local militia ' ( cough russians cough ) begin revolting ( invading cough cough ) . 
   a hugging friend nato is just an extension of hitler 's policy of lebenrauch . 
  [ oh god . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnsrk6p9qvi ) wir brauchen lebenrauch !, 
  well the topic was about something completely else . 
  my nephew told us about a customer he got that would n't shut up about ww2 . 
  so my granddad said that he never talked about it and then my nephew asked the question above . 
  my nephew once asked granddad :  so you have no interesting war stories to tell ? 
  granddad :  mwoah , i shot a couple of people . 
  i was part of a firing squad . 
  nephew :  were you bothered by that ? 
  granddad :  i was n't particularly fond of it at the start ... but i really do n't give a shit anymore . 
  edit : and with ` once ' i mean : 6 days ago . 
  the tables have turned . _ . 
  dutch india .
