  they realise they 're not gaining anything or that they 're even losing , or that there are more lucrative ways to do it . 
  see the ira , the basque eta , the colombian farc . 
  islamic terrorism is a phase , just like left-wing and separatist terrorism was . 
  the trend will continue after this gap . 
   as for guns , i think too much of gun violence is committed with illegal and illegally acquired firearms for us to consider it beneficial to ban it more guns in legal circulation made for an increased supply for black market guns . 
   even sweden has no restriction in regards to semi or full auto ??? 
  sweden has gun laws so i do n't see what you mean ... 
   however , when you have people with guns present , they tend to do a decent job . 
   the obvious solution would be to make sure as many people as possible can defend them selves , but you would rather make it harder . 
  lol , those people are n't going to stop shit . 
  you will never reach an american level of gun use in europe and even in american the amount of people having a gun has n't icnreased safety . 
  it has decreased safety . 
  you 're policy would increase both criminal and civilian weapons , resulting in more bloodshed and more crime . 
  good citizens wo n't stop shootings . 
  more guns wo n't increase safety . 
   what exactly do you think stricter legislation is going to do ? 
  no , really , tell me how you would phrase a law that would have stopped this kid from getting his illegal gun ? 
   how would you write legislation that stops terrorists from getting their weapons , because if you ca n't what 's the point ? 
  you really think people make gun laws so they can prevent criminals having guns ? 
  of course not . 
  the whole point of gun restrictive laws is so you can arrest and prosecute people that acquire or own guns and making it easier to prosecute criminals by adding possession of a gun to the list of crimes he 'll be trialled for . 
  more guns wo n't prevent crimes , less guns wo n't prevent crimes . 
  however , less guns will mean less bloodshed . 
  anyway i 'm tired . 
  if you want to turn europe into america , go move to america :p, 
  ah yes , and how many mass shootings happen in the us every year ? 
  multiple . 
  they have more gun liberty than us , and more mass shootings . 
  the logic holds up . 
  your link is an exception , rather than the rule . 
   guess when you only listen to what you want to hear , you tend to miss stuff . 
  indeed , you 're so obsessed proving guns are good for public safety , you ignore most mass shootings . 
  shame really . 
  and yet whenever an 18 year old shoots dozens of kids in a school in america the ` good citizen ' with a gun is suddenly nowhere to be found . 
  or are american gun also too restrictive ? 
  give me a break . 
  countries with more liberty regarding guns experience more shootings and gun related deaths . 
  fact . 
  the idea of the ` good citizen with a gun ' stopping a criminal is a myth . 
  good citizens with guns do not stop mass shootings . 
  they do n't in america , they do n't here . 
   you 're showing a clear ignorance in the idea that personal liberties should not be taking away with security as an excuse , it has never made people happier nor content , and only gives more power to those willing to abuse it oh okay . 
  give everybody some radioactive material . 
  i mean , taking people 's liberty to have it with security as an excuse is bad right ? 
  if it does n't benefit civilians , but it severely hurts people . 
  ban it . 
  i agree that you ca n't always ban things in trade of security , but for things like guns that 's not correct . 
  ah yes , the good ol' `` well you ca n't understand me , so that just means you 're wrong '' . 
  pretty sure i did n't understand because your second point is ... weird ? 
  you 're talking gibberish . 
  no , they do n't . 
   this event happened in europe . 
  and i 'm speaking on this event . 
  is that a problem ? 
  it is when you start having a discussion as if it was the united states . 
  these are not the united states . 
  100 % of mass shootings her are ended by the police/army and 0 by civilians . 
  whether or not it 's different in the united states is utterly irrelevant . 
  if you want to discuss the american situation : go to / r/america or / r/politics . 
   why are you trying to silence me ? 
  are you that afraid of different opinions ? 
  i think you 're afraid of different opinions . 
  you ca n't stand that people here in europe might look at a situation differently than americans , so you try to make it an america-focused debate to make yourself more comfortable :p . 
  so making balcony man less armed will have no effect , whatsoever . 
  we do n't have a right to arms here in europe . 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's a european focused subreddit , so the discussion is europe focused . 
   last year gun manufacturing made 7 billion for germany , it 's a commodity , and a rather profitable one at that a lot of it is not sold for civilian use . 
  and 7 billion is small when compared to the economic benefit of automated vehicles . 
   once self driving cars becomes a standard utility in cars politicians will push for a ban on manual driving , with public security as their argument , cars do kill a hundred times more than guns , and then the only people who will have full control of their car will be criminals how is this a bad thing ? 
   and then the only people who will have full control of their car will be criminals wat, 
  such as ? 
  so why is banning this a bad thing ? 
  balcony man is already rarely armed . 
  no mass shooter in western europe is afraid of balcony man anyway . 
  correction : police/military guns end mass shootings . 
  civilian guns do n't . 
  also if you believe they wo n't get rid of them . 
  still a very good agenda . 
   this always seems to happen , i recall the eu trying to push through some legislation to ban semi-automatics following the charlie hebdo attack , despite the weapons being used in that attack being fully-automatic black market weapons . 
  i do n't see why this is a bad thing ? 
  what would you even need a semi-automatic weapon for ? 
  if the truck did n't have any other uses besides killing like a gun , than yes , france would 've much tighter laws for trucks . 
  tighter gun control is a wonderful agenda . 
  the criminal is the problem , the gun is the thing that helps them . 
  get rid of both . 
   talking increased gun control is about as useful as blaming videogames . 
  not it is n't . 
  videogames ca n't be used as tools to kill people ( unless you 're beating someone to death with a cartridge ) , a gun can . 
  trucks and cars in commercial/civilian hands have significant economic benefit . 
  guns do not . 
  if the truck could n't carry goods or transport anything in anyway , then yeah it would need to banned . 
  the palestinians lived in the lands and the british controlled it with a un mandate . 
  under british rule , jews began migrating to the land . 
  when the british left , both the jews and the palestinians declared their independence over the same territory . 
  the resulting war was won by the israelis . 
  we ca n't expel the israelis anymore , so we ca n't undo 1948 . 
  we can undo israeli colonialism . 
  yet when it would 've been the story of a victim , you would 've believed it . 
  azerbaijan has no islamic terrorist attacks as well .
