  a real argument ? 
  you 're on the internet mate . 
  what makes you think me and him could ever be a ` real ' arument . 
  i responded like a child , because serious discussion would 've ended in childish arguing anyway . 
  so do n't act like he 's being the civil guy , i am just giving us a piece of what happens to civil people when an internet debate drags on long enough . 
   `` putin-huilo '' is not helping you against the putin , for fucks sake , it only helps discredit those who is honestly trying to do something about him . 
  right , because saying sensible stuff on an internet forum is helping against putin ( it 's not ) . 
  it 's already clear who 's side you are on when it comes down to putin . 
  no one here is interested in another ` heated ' ( a.k.a we will never agree to anything and eventually slip down into being assholes to each other ) debate . 
   in russia that is a real problem . 
  for every sane and adequate person to oppose putin we have a dozen of these morons who only spit hate and make normal opposition look like angry teenagers . 
  probably because most sane and adequate opposition supporters are jailed or killed . 
  old enough to see that seriously arguing with a putin supporter as kwonza is pointless and a waste of everybody 's time . 
  so putin khuilo . 
  we come up with enough stuff , just not in your face because it 's pointless and it 's funnier this way . 
  yeah , this will definitely cause a bit of an uproar on the independence side . 
  i love this da'esh thing we 've got going on . 
  man , fuck da'esh . 
  ( and erdogan ), 
  of course you do n't kistoul . 
  they can be part of both europe and asia . 
  they have a valid claim on being part of both ( or either ) continents . 
  they choose to be ` european ' in the football world because they could get more out of the europa league than the asian league . 
   i really wonder if the type of person you are referring to can be found in large numbers within the confines of this subreddit . 
  not every reddit user is the same as you know , so please let us not just throw r/worldnews for example on the same pile as r/europe . 
  maybe you 're right about this subreddit in particular , but i 'm not so sure . 
  to be honest , in earlier threads my pro-nuclear comments were n't so happily received here . 
  and to be fair : no redditor is the same indeed , but we all know that people of a certain political opinion ( progressive ) are much more attracted to using media like reddit . 
  of course , but it 's certainly not a good sign . 
   maybe she just really enjoys food and hates exercise . 
  that 's even worse . 
  if you have doctor that is giving advice , you expect them to follow that advice themselves too , not do the exact opposite . 
  she is the minister of health . 
  if she voluntarily does n't want to be healthy , she 's not fit for the job . 
  one of the big health problems western societies are facing is the rise of obesity . 
  you really want someone who knows how to tackle getting too fat on such a position , not someone who does n't know how tackle getting too fat . 
  also : natuurkunde = physics . 
  of course it 's democracy . 
  as i said : i did n't say the rise of populist parties was a bad thing . 
  of course , sometimes new parties can become major parties . 
  our sp ( socialist party ) is also a pretty young party compared to the others , but the older ones are certainly still the biggest . 
  my point is that those parties rise pretty rarely . 
  populist parties like ukip , pvv or front national , have an easier time arising in times of political unhappiness than standard parties , which is n't necessarily a favourable thing . 
  i did n't really mean it in a bad way . 
  it just is n't a surprise that people vote populist if they 're upset with the mainstream parties , since that 's the whole thing about populist parties . 
  i am talking more about normal parties . 
  ukip is pretty populist . 
  no one who is unhappy with the main parties really vote for other non-populist parties . 
  indeed . 
  everyone has this mentality of ` all our current politicians are shit and thieves , but all small parties/politicians are pathetic ' . 
  everyone is mad at the main parties , yet no one is willing to vote for the non-main parties . 
  yeah i was alreadt expecting this xd . 
  come on you know what i mean , do n't fuck around :p edit : [ made me think of this ... ] ( http://youtu.be/s0sdesqapcu?t=26s ) eidt2 : [ or this ... ] ( http://youtu.be/s0sdesqapcu?t=3m13s ), 
  well you wo n't be shooting actual people , but you will be shooting things that behave and look like humans . 
  difference is : at 17 years of age , you will never be deployed and you 'll never ` shoot someone ' . 
  i think a lot of coalitions in the past have been including liberals and christian democrats . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/hoofdbrug_oosterwolde.jpg ) the bridge across the canal running through our town is unique in the world . 
  it 's the only vertical lift bridge with two pylons entirely made out of composite . 
  well if you look at the actual line in the year 2010 , things were going in the right direction then . 
  perhaps the people who estimated gdp growth in 2010 assumed this growth would continue and would eventually catch up with the 2010 line they drew . 
  but then again this does n't explain line 2012 en line 2014 ... 
   to an extent i agree , specifically if the institution is an original name , though it comes off as a little pretentious . 
  latin is primarily used in science and fantasy i do n't think it comes off as pretentious at all . 
  a lot of official stuff like weapon motto 's of countries are in latin , or the motto 's of army divisions . 
  that latin is the language of science is also a an argument for using latin . 
  as for the fantasy thing ... latin is often used for witchcraft/wizardry ( i.e. 
  harry potter ) most likely because witchcraft/wizadry in fantasy mostly originate from the middle ages/late roman period . 
  during the middle ages latin was the lingua franca . 
  everything that was written down ( such as spellbooks ) were in latin , scholars used latin en masse . 
   if you do n't understand what it means , it makes little sense to have as a name . 
  that 's not so bad . 
  half of the latin i read i do n't understand for fuck :d but i still think it 's beautiful to see . 
   you simply wo n't get people on board with it well , i am not arguing the entire public should use the latin name . 
  i was talking more in official documents , signs etcetera . 
  a funny thing would be to have a map of europe in the parliament , with all the names and terms in latin/indo-european . 
   clearly i am bias though . 
  lol , no shit . 
  i have a teacher that keeps saying stuff in english and every time he does it he says ` in common dutch ' straight after it . 
   we need to use terms that are common globally not necessarily . 
  if chinese are talking about the european parliament , they 'd say it in chinese . 
  ( \u6b27\u6d32\u8bae\u4f1a ) if we 're going to name things , giving them english names are n't going to be used globally . 
  other countries are going to translate them anyway . 
  we might as well give them non-english names , simply for the sake of beauty , history and tradition . 
  giving bodies like the european parliament a latin name is a great thing to do . 
  [ the ep 's own logo already has the name in latin on it ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/europarl_logo.svg )  it allows ease of communication with north america and many other states . 
  again , you 're not making a difference between communication and naming . 
  communicating in english is fine , giving things latin/indo-european names is n't going to change this . 
  this just hurts physically ... 
  \u0100la !, 
  wl\u0113jesi ? 
  eur\u014dp\u0101j\u00f3m didksk\u014d . 
  * federalize on foreign policy , justice and politcally . 
  * create a single organ that has control over all the member states ' fiscal policy . 
  * split the euro in two , because southern europe needs a different kind of euro than northern europe , we need to split the euro into a weak euro and a strong euro . 
  the member states that need a strong euro go in the strong eurozone , the member states that need a weak euro go in the weak eurozone . 
  the central fiscal policy makers should create separate policies for each member state to follow . 
  if a weak eurozone country stops needing a weak euro , but instead starts requiring a strong euro , they switch over groups . 
  eventually the policies of the weak eurozone member states should push all those countries towards needing a strong euro . 
  then we can all have one strong euro and complete total federalization . 
  * english as common language , but i 'd propose to either use indo-european or latin words for controversial things .
