  free speech = voicing your opinion free speech = !, 
  voicing someone else 's opinion because they ( partially ) oblige you to . 
  if rtr was an independent channel i 'd say this was really bad . 
  but rtr is n't . 
  the national guard are reserves , not militia . 
  i thought it was used pretty good . 
  not in the best way , but better than usual when non-internet people try to use memes . 
  euronews has n't got any comment sections as far as i know . 
   if one is that worried about privacy now , why are you on the internet anyway ? 
  i do n't know . 
  let me ask a related question : if you do n't want to be murdered , why do you live the first place ? 
  if you live , it means it is possible for someone to murder you , just like if you use the internet it is possible for someone to spy on you . 
  it 's the same stupid logic . 
  just because there 's a chance you can get murdered , you should n't kill yourself . 
  there should not be spying if using the internet instead of the other way around . 
  our part of the nato ? 
  we are fulfilling the most important part : not being the dicks of the nato . 
   civil war . 
  yes , technically there were no trenches , but it had gruesome battles with hundreds of thousands of casualties . 
  it had infantry charging at gatling guns . 
  the civil war is not comparable with ww1 or ww2 . 
  it did not happen 69 or 96 years ago , it happened 149 years ago . 
  modern americans do n't know shit about war at home , because they nor their parents have witnessed it . 
  the last civil war veteran died in 1956 . 
  in countries like serbia you could ask your dad about the yugoslavia war and it 's massacres . 
  can you ask your dad how it was to see indians get slaughtered in the near woods or about the time he saw slaves getting branded and sold ? 
  can you ask your dad or your granddad how it was to storm a gatling gun near the local shopping centre ? 
  they can possibly only tell you how they stormed a beach somewhere in france , but this is not relatable to defending your house against a foreign 21st century invader . 
  slavery was also something most people did not interact with . 
  most brutalities done to the slaves were done by a low amount of people compared to the total population . 
  seeing someone getting beaten = !, 
   but the south got razed by sherman during the civil war . 
  which is not really comparable to for example dresden or many other cities . 
   we can own light machine guns , assault rifles , sniper rifles , combat shotguns , flamethrowers , and miniguns . 
  also , many americans are veterans . 
  veterans in foreign wars . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  you do n't know shit about wars at home . 
  the people that actually could died . 
  fighting a foreign invader with the guns americans have stored in their homes will kill more americans than it will foreign invaders . 
  machine guns would n't have saved the people of for example rotterdam . 
  because that 's what happens in a foreign invasion of the us : enemy soldiers are n't going to march into your town with rifles . 
  they 're going to bomb them and besiege them with armored units . 
  unless most americans have anti-air and anti-armour weapons in their homes that are up to modern day fighter jets and tanks , your militia is going to get massacred . 
  prosperous does n't necessarily mean rich in money . 
  the early us were prosperous in that their citizens never got caught in international drama 's , had more than enough space for themselves with natural resources etcetera . 
  there were never ww1 like trenches in the us , there 's never been widespread genocides , washington d.c has never been bombed . 
  it 's also the reason many americans believe keeping weapons is the best way to protect their home or themselves against foreign invaders or the government . 
  their home has never been attacked or besieged , they do n't know shit . 
  you would n't suspect that just by looking at the name , ey ? 
  oh god the comments . 
   if we want out and there is a majority vote , nothing will stop us !, 
  stick your eu where the sun does n't shine !, 
  if you think it would be like that , you do n't understand article 50 . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  article 50 will be at it 's worst when you pull out without negotiations , and at it 's best if you pull out with negotiations . 
  just pulling out will be worse . 
  ` ataka ( attack ) party ' . 
  subtle ... 
   poland is still using coal to such a large degree because they have chosen not to invest in alternatives . 
  [ except they have . 
  ] ( http://www.paiz.gov.pl/sectors/renewable_energy ), 
  yes . 
  you do n't need to stop polluting energy production 100 % in order to defeat climate change . 
  that 's why the countries that can afford to stop using coal , must stop using coal . 
  but countries that can not afford to stop using coal , must n't stop using coal . 
  if sweden still relied on coal , would you be in favor of banning it ? 
  it 's easy to say ` yes ' now , but in reality you would say ` no ' . 
   how is battling climate change stupid ? 
  how can contributing to it , a lot , on purpose , not be idiotic ? 
  we have knowns about this for ages btw . 
  one nation 's ( relatively small ) contribution to climate change  energy for europeans ? 
   there 's loss on distances . 
  but that 's still less than just losing it directly by not using it . 
   and we already sell/buy leftover energy . 
  and that 's the thing we want to prevent . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  south-korea and japan thank their success to industrialization . 
  we did that in the 18th century . 
  after their industrialization ( already happening to japan ) they 'll become more like our economies . 
  i do n't really think we 're dead yet , we 're just having a bad time , something that happens to every region . 
  first it was the eastern mediterranean , middle-east , after that it was southern europe that lead the world , then it was china , the middle east , then it was western europe and now it 's the usa . 
  europe is a good candidate for a world leader . 
  we 've got a bigger population than the united states , the gdp 's of member states combined is the largest in the world . 
  china is definitely going to take # 1 in the coming decades , but there 's no reason to think europe could never be 2nd or 3rd . 
  the crisis hit hard here which is why the us are growing again and we are n't , but crisis never last forever . 
  so what flag does frysl\u00e2n have ? 
  [ jokes , ladies and gentlemen . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ficv8baawim&amp;list=pl6ej8y-cu_wntnljotbl_mw5mg3zwonuj ), 
  that 's a fallacy . 
   the more barbaric kind of chattel slavery is a more recent invention . 
  source please . 
  that depends . 
  that 's debatable . 
  forced labor is not necessarily slave work . 
  the finnish army ca n't sell the children of their men . 
  that 's one of the things that defines slavery . 
  slavery = owning humans and their offspring , and making them work . 
  the compulsory conscription lacks the first requirement . 
  that 's partially correct but how is this relevant to compulsory military service ?
