  we have self-driving cars now and you think a robot ca n't deal with empty , desolate planets on its own . 
  self-driving cars do not operate in hostile environments , they operate in pre-planned , artificial environments . 
  also the only thing your self-driving car does is drive . 
  in order to research and mine on other planets you need a lot more skills than just being able to drive around . 
   apparently your `` humans '' can last years just on energy from solar panels or radioisotope thermoelectric battery . 
  humans can last decades if food , water and energy is available . 
  this might even turn into centuries in the future . 
  it sounds so posh , how you 're explaining it xd . 
  it is a perfect analogy , if you understand it . 
  it 's not like sea travel in the dark ages , we 're are comparing mind set and how to could 've stopped things that have had a large influence in world history . 
  well the similarity between frisian and english is mostly phonetically . 
  written frisian is heavily influenced by dutch and it has consonant combinations that are impossible in english . 
  a nice sample phrase is ( which is partially understood written ) :  b\u00fbtter , brea en griene tsiis , is goed engelsk en goed frysk . 
  \u00db is pronounced like a german \u00dc . ea is pronounced as how you would in english . 
  the g is just like in english . 
  ie is pronounced like a double ee in english and so is ii . 
  oe is pronounced like the english oo . 
   i can barely see any resemblance to english . 
  and even looking at a frisian dictionary it all seems a lot closer to dutch/german than english . 
  that is because frisian is in fact closer to dutch then it is to english . 
  frisian language has been repressed since the renaissance when the lowland became one republic , and afterwards a kingdom . 
  dutch was the language for civilized men , frisian was for farmers . 
  this heavily influenced frisian it was n't until the late 1900 's and 20th century that frisian became prominent again and only since a few decades it is taught in schools . 
  thanks to this , frisian is much closer to dutch , than it is to english but it 's still more like english than any other language . 
  ( except for scots , but scots comes from english ), 
   the reverse is true . 
  building in zero-g is ridiculously easier , but most importantly , importing and exporting resources is energetically cheaper by orders of magnitude . 
  who did you accuse of not having basic knowledge again ? 
  building in -0 g is not easy . 
  it tooks astronauts/cosmonauts years to build mir and iss . 
  human on a surface with gravity do it much easier , with much less costs . 
  also , not building such a space station , but making it right is the hard part . 
  building a space station is not hard , building a space station with artificial gravity is . 
  read this : http://www.dvandom.com/coriolis/spacestation.html it explains why building a station with artificial gravity simulated by centrifugal forces is almost impossible to do . 
   if for some weird reason mining from another planets makes economical sense , it 's going to be done by robots . 
  yes , but humans need to be there . 
  to control the robots , to repair them , to manage them etcetera . 
   it 's perfectly valid english . 
  no it is n't , and that is coming from a native english speaker . 
  you use the word ` but ' correctly . 
  it 's the clause `` atmosphere toxic to humans or something like that . '', 
  that is wrong . 
  how does `` atmosphere toxic to humans or something like that . '', 
  relate to `` domes would make sense on a planet with life '' ? 
   the only knowledge gained from human space flights is related to effects on space flight on humans . 
  perhaps useful , but it 's enough to research this on earth 's orbit . 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
  you first said :  you spend billions to put a few humans in space , they perhaps wave some flag , then they get back . 
  nothing actually gets achieved . 
  now you 're suddenly saying :  the only knowledge gained from human space flights is related to effects on space flight on humans . 
  perhaps useful , but it 's enough to research this on earth 's orbit . 
  you are saying here that human spaceflight is useful and thus it does n't say anything against my point . 
   it may be the goal , but there 's no technology for it to make sense , yet . 
  again , you 're speaking in riddles . 
  to make sense of what ? 
  colonization , human spaceflight ? 
  and how does this related in anything to what you 're saying ? 
   people and companies will develop new technology if it makes economic sense . 
  something that does n't have a social sense , will never have economic sense . 
  if nobody wants vacuum cleaners , developing vacuum cleaners has no economic sense and thus vacuum cleaner technology will not develop . 
   great , except there 's absolutely no need for humans there . 
  yes it there is . 
  so ... if i avoid not making jokes , thus making jokes , it is more likely that i am not a good person ? 
  is n't that using a double negative ? 
  if i avoid making jokes , i 'm likely to be a good person ? 
  no matter how a mission ends up , it still gives us scientific data . 
  by looking at what goes wrong in a mission , we can help another mission on it 's way . 
  for example a satellite crashing into the surface of a planet because one guy was using a different system of measurement than the rest of the crew . 
  the satellite is lost , along with the money put into it . 
  but thanks to this mission , much more attention is now used to make sure we do n't confuse systems of measurements when working in space . 
  if we had n't crashed that satellite , we would n't have paid more attention to it and the chance of a much more important mission crashing thanks to the same mistakes would 've been larger . 
  this helps us by shaking us up and forcing us to pay attention to things that could accidentally go wrong . 
  another way it might help us is in that it encourages research . 
  maybe an engineer working on the project comes with a great idea while building for example the rover , this idea could greatly help other missions and or everyday life , even if the project fails . 
  if the project never existed , the engineer might 've never gotten the idea . 
  he ( or someone else ) might 've gotten the idea , but would 've got it later . 
   french basically is an evolution of latin yes it is , and english is an evolution of germanic/latin . 
  latin and french are related , but not as closely related as you suggest . 
  thus you can not count latin derived words as french derived words . 
   i can have serious discussion but i do n't want to lose my time . 
  so yeah , as you want buddy . 
  why are you being such an asshole ? 
  you now lost the discussion since you made an ad hominem argument . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lists_of_english_loanwords_by_country_or_language_of_origin http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:origins_of_english_piechart.svg those include science specific words and those should n't be counted as they did n't evolve , they were invented . 
  and it only matters if you 're learning posh english or scientific english , not standard english . 
   nation , political , party , film , castle , commodore are words borroweds from ... french . 
  none of them are germanic . 
  some of these words do n't come from french but okay . 
  here are some more germanic words . 
  antiaircraft , aback , anvil , astride , asunder , atheling , lung , aftermath , boardwalk , backyard , brotherhood , bleacher , betrothed , commingle , commonwealth , network , luscious , latticework , inflight , inkling . 
   i send you back to the previous link in the first part of my post . 
  26 % for germanic language , 29 % for french language and 29 % from latin ( and french being so close to latin ... well you understand . ), 
  your source by the way , agrees with me . 
  your source states that the majority of the words come from germanic . 
  scientific , mathematical and philosophical words come from latin and greek . 
  french is more used in advanced conversations . 
  germanic words are the most used words . 
  if we look at the percentage of words a person uses , the vast majority is germanic . 
   and 29 % from latin ( and french being so close to latin ... well you understand . ), 
  latin is not close to french .
