  what are you even supposed to do with fucking golden bread ? 
  from an article online :  in a recession , with periods of deflation , it is possible to increase the money supply without causing inflation . 
   this is because the money supply depends not just on monetary base , but also velocity of circulation . 
  for example , if there is a sharp fall in transactions ( velocity of circulation ) then it may be necessary to print money to avoid deflation ( see : example of us and increasing money supply )  in the liquidity trap of 2008-2012 , the bank of england pursued quantitative easing ( increasing the monetary base ) but this only had a minimal impact on underlying inflation . 
  this is because although banks saw an increase in their reserves , they were reluctant to increase bank lending . 
   however , if a central bank pursued quantitative easing ( increasing money supply ) during a normal period of economic activity then it would cause inflation . 
  i do n't know if this explains it , but it 's all i could find . 
  so basically if there is a sharp fall in transactions , a lot of money must be printed in order to stop deflation thus we can conclude that if we print money during such a moment , the amount of money will increase without inflation . 
  it apparently has been done before . 
  my guess would be that it is n't the right moment now because there is n't a sharp decrease in transactions . 
  still a guess though . 
  they have no reason to be here , my country is not threatened by anything . 
  maybe a couple decades ago , but the cold war is long gone . 
  that 's because the older generation in west ukraine grew up in a much more western/european society than east ukrainians . 
  that 's because the youths have more connections with others in further away places thanks to the computer , mobile phone and game console . 
  internet is a great example . 
  the older generation has ties much closer to the local area based much more on oral communication . 
  fill them with anthrax :p, 
   are you gon na counter this with more generalizations about my nationality , huh dumbfuck ? 
  i do n't have to because you just did . 
  brilliant , well done . 
  good jaab !, 
   is n't this thread just beautiful demonstration of european hypocrisy ? 
  not at all . 
  frisian looks a lot like modern english and old english looks nothing like modern english . 
  if we 're doing something like that i 'd suggest old english . 
  i do n't see russia becoming powerful enough to topple the west and their allies anytime soon . 
  the west and it 's allies are more developed than russia and it 's allies . 
  by the time they catch up , a lot of them will be on a much more western-friendly policy than now . 
  yes you 're fueling it , but you 're fueling it indirectly . 
  actively fueling conflict = direct involvement . 
  passively fueling conflict = indirect involvement . 
  that 's still indirect . 
  doing it yourself is direct . 
  ` donations ' are not direct because you 're not fueling the conflict , you 're fueling the people that are fueling the conflict . 
  unless russian citizens and soldiers are fighting in the protests and unless russian politicians have direct power over what happens in the ukraine , it 's indirect . 
  it becomes direct when russia actually start deciding stuff and/or assisting the berkut with men and weaponry . 
  so does esperanto . 
  i speak esperanto and it really is a romance language with germanic/slavic influences . 
  i think esperanto gives more of an advantage to romance languages because it 's closer to the modern romance languages , whilst latin is further away from the modern romance languages and closer to their older versions or parent languages . 
  no shit . 
  because if one country 's influence on an affair makes a thing external , everything would be external . 
  something is external when two or more countries are directly involved . 
  russia is indirectly involved . 
   i said large and not 87 books : / and as far as i 've seen , there are only 2 parts of the harry potter series in latin . 
  it 's not large , but enough . 
   that 's boring . 
  boring but effective . 
  the ` fun ' ways will take you a couple times longer . 
  you 'll get more people to speak it by having them do the boring stuff than the fun stuff . 
   including the possibility to just go to that country for a weekend and talk to people on the internet you 're using writing language . 
  there is no point in learn to speak it . 
  you do n't learn to write a language by going to the country that speaks it , you only learn to speak it . 
   might as well learn esperanto . 
  sure , why not ? 
  if people would rather do esperanto than latin . 
  you 'd be surprised by how many people would choose latin over esperanto . 
   since such a project will most likely start here , i think encouraging people to use any language but english might be a better idea than encouraging people to use latin , a language almost nobody speaks or writes fluently and that has not much more practical use than french or spanish . 
  because it gives others an advantage . 
  it 's better to choose a language that is n't the official language of a state as a lingua franca in an online community . 
  why not french ? 
  because it would benefit french people . 
  why not spanish ? 
  because it would benefit spanish people . 
  you need a language that has no majority of speakers in a single country . 
  that 's either latin or esperanto . 
  my vote goes to latin . 
   well , all besides spain , portugal and greece ... and honestly back in those times they were pretty insignificant in a geopolitical sense . 
  what ? 
  no you 're missing the point . 
  ww2 only helped bring democracy in germany and italy , all other except for spain and a bit greece were already democracy . 
  ww2 brought democracy to 2 countries . 
  latin case system is indeed complicated , so it is harder for a swedish/french guy to learn the latin case system than the german one , but it is n't nearly as hard as people make it look . 
  hard ? 
  yes . 
  too hard ? 
  the harder case system adds a couple of weeks to the time you need to learn it , which is relatively looking not too much for the common man to learn . 
   same with books . 
  i can even buy french books on the german amazon . 
  try to find a large selection of latin books that are not old and/or boring . 
  a lot of hobbyists translate modern works into latin . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_latin_translations_of_modern_literature examples : the harry potter series , dozens asterix comic books , the hobbit , green eggs and ham etcetera . 
  there is also a finnish radio station bringing news in latin . 
  the only thing missing is movies , there are some but they are pretty bad , cheesy etcetera . 
  this is however no problem , books and radio make up for it , in fact a lot of people learn languages without movies . 
   world war ii brought peace and democracy to all of western europe not so sure about that . 
  many countries were already a democracy , they were merely occupied . 
  the non-democracy countries were germany , spain and italy . 
  greece has also had a recent history of non-democracy . 
  hardly all of western europe . 
   split ukraine in half , give east part to russia and west to poland ? 
  yeah you would like that , would n't you ? 
  russia would never invade any european country because russia has nothing to gain from a war with the west . 
  this is a battle behind the scenes and there it will stay , apart from the clashes between berkut and protesters . 
  the russian government ca n't afford an actual war with the west . 
  putin might invade ukraine , if putin wants to destroy russia . 
  but we all know putin does n't . 
  it 's a war that no one will win , thus no one dares to start . 
  not the west , not the east . 
  latin is not harder than learning any language .
