  we sunk for your signals . 
  what happened to georgia ? 
   i 'm not just copy-pasting a definition i found to prove a point , that really is the definition i accept and use . 
  but not the definition the law uses . 
   adding a deity to an ideology does not make it special . 
  yes , historically and culturally such ideologies ( i.e. 
  religions ) have had their special place , and yes , they often enjoy special protections under the law . 
  my point , and what i think many other commenters are arguing is that they should n't . 
  that 's nothing to do with alt-right - it 's called secularism . 
  except that 's not what were arguing about ? 
  i do n't care what you want the law to be like . 
  my whole point is that the law does n't list religions as an ideology so it 's idiotic to suddenly start calling them that in a debate about the very same law . 
  as well as pointing out the trick to call islam an ideology , but not christianity , which is what the user i responded to was doing . 
   that 's nothing to do with alt-right - it 's called secularism . 
  we were n't debating secularism or how religion should be named in the law . 
  you responded to my comment , which was responding to a person who was making an alt-right statement . 
   i 'd still insist that certain strains of particularly islam ( but also christianity , at least in the past ) are ( or used to be ) political movements under the cover of religion and push an agenda in the so called `` west '' nobody denies that . 
   only islam is a religion , a culture and a political view . 
  and under the umbrella of religion various political and cultural ( oppressive ) ideas get a free pass , because ... religion . 
  islam is n't , neither is christianity . 
  do all muslims/christians have the same political and cultural views ? 
  they do n't . 
  islam and christianity are religions : they are belief systems and are not political views . 
  political views based on christianity is ` christian-democratic ' . 
  political views based on islam is ` islamism ' . 
  you can be a christian , without voting an a christian party , just as much as you can be muslim without voting for a muslim party . 
  being a follower of the religion , does n't make you a follower of the political movement that associates itself with that religion . 
  religions are n't political movements . 
   is there any law in the netherlands that openly forbids celebrating or propagating ideologies such as nazism or communism ? 
  ( in poland we have a law against nazism and communism ) communism is entirely allowed . 
  nazism is allowed but with limitation . 
  swastika 's are forbidden to be shown in public . 
  you also ca n't ` incite hate ' so publicly talking about nazi-related ideals can be forbidden , based on what it is you 're saying exactly or the context . 
  i never said religions should be privileged , i only gave you the reason why we should stick to calling islam a religion instead of an ideology as long as the law treats both differently . 
  if you want to change the ban on dicrimination , that 's a different discussion entirely . 
   why should religion be privileged ? 
  is there any reason at all ? 
  they should n't , but by law they are . 
  not my idea or opinion , but usually when you look up anti-discrimination laws they often list ` religion ' separate from ` ideology ' because both words bring out different emotions . 
  it makes sense that when we debate legal cases ( like someone being persecuted for refusing service ) that we stick to definitions as the law defines them . 
  some laws ban discrimination of ` religion ' but do allow discrimination of ` ideology ' . 
  so making the distinction can be important in debates . 
  translated  all those we find themselves in the netherlands , will be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination of religion , conviction , political views , race , gender or anything else , is not allowed . 
  it lists ` religion ' separate from ` political views ' ( which are also ideological ) . 
  in this case the law prohibits discrimination of both , but they are seen separately . 
  the wordt ideology in this discussion is never meant as the general term ` ideology ' but rather as ` political ideology ' . 
  alt-right frequently calls islam an ideology , because they think islam is inherently political : muslims want to enforce things like sharia , want to undermine democracy etc. 
  they want islam to be seen as a political movement instead of a religion . 
  because they know people see religion and ideology as separate things . 
   so yes , a religion is an ideology , specifically one that involves a deity . 
  is true by definition , but it all depends on how people use/react to the word . 
  most people when they read/hear ideology , do n't associate the word with religions , they associate it with political movements . 
  people are much more open to discrimination against a political movement than they are against a religion . 
  christianity almost never gets called an ideology , whilst islam is called an ideology frequently . 
  this is done because of what i said earlier : by framing one as an ideology ( which reminds people of political movements rather religions ) you can open up the way too more discrimination against it . 
  the law treats religions differently than political ideologies , so it would make sense that when we have a debate about legal stuff ( like someone being persecuted for discrimination against a religion ) we do so as well , instead of grabbing dictionaries and copy pasting the rigid definition we find . 
   she is taking a stance against an oppressive ideology the hairdresser is the one with the oppresive ideology . 
  the other woman has a religion . 
  religion = !, 
  communism and fascism are ideologies , islam and buddhism are religions . 
   so he was n't elected by citizens directly , but by the parties . 
  as happens with most national parties too . 
  the citizens do n't directly chose the party top . 
   not by the people he was n't . 
  yes he was . 
  did you vote on a christian-democratic party during the eu parliament elections ? 
  then you voted for juncker . 
  juncker was the party leader of the european people 's party ( epp ) during the eu elections in 2014 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_people%27s_party_group#membership if you 've voted on any of these parties , you 've voted for juncker . 
   command of military force equals sovereignty . 
  no command of military = no power = no democracy . 
  except you 're forgetting something : this ` eu army ' is not going to replace national armies . 
  this ` eu army ' would probably one of the smallest militaries in the eu , with several member states ( if not most ) having larger militaries . 
   juncker or some other unelected buerocrat ? 
  most likely the european commission aka juncker and his comissioners ( eu equivalent of a cabinet ) . 
  juncker has been democratically elected by the way . 
   in public has a lower homicide rate than germany . 
  wow . 
  an individual example . 
  nevermind any argument , you ` be obviously one since you compared two countries . 
  if we 're going to post individual examples : japan is one of the countries with the most strict gun laws in the world . 
  japan has a lower homicide rate than the czech republic . 
  but never mind , i 've already won the discussion , if you think it was necessary to call me a retard . 
  apologise and i might consider continuing the debate . 
   that means the ban did n't do shit you fucking retard . 
  nice . 
   firearm and overall homicide rates rose in the uk after the handgun ban . 
  so why do you post a graph that proves i 'm right hahaha . 
  as you can see in your graph . 
  homocide rate is now lower than it was before the ban . 
  the second graph is even more useful for me . 
   you do not need to be in the military or have served to own a gun in switzerland . 
  no , but military service is compulsory . 
   swiss males grow up expecting to undergo basic military training , usually at age 20 in the recruit school , the basic-training camp , after which swiss men remain part of the `` militia '' in reserve capacity until age 30 ( age 34 for officers ) . 
  ipso facto : all swiss gun owners will undergo military training . 
   you 're clueless . 
  says the guy who does n't pay attention to his own sources before posting . 
  whatever floats your boat buddy . 
  because that 's hammurabi 's law , which is as barbaric as it gets . 
  i do n't , but if that 's what you want to believe to help reinforce the believe that people who disagree with you simply are ignorant .
