  eurasia = europe and asia . 
  thus every country in europe and asia is eurasian . 
  thus by your definition i can answer belgium to this question , since they 're not european , they 're eurasian . 
  you either split europe or asia , or you call both eurasia . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you ca n't say both , australia and oceania are continents . 
  you either say ` australia ' or you say ` oceania ' . 
  if russia is eurasian , it 's european and asian , because asia and europe are eurasia . 
  eurasian = european and asian . 
  take away the european and it 's asian , take away the asian and it 's european . 
  if it 's eurasian , it 's european and it 's asian . 
  if it 's neither of the two , it is n't eurasian . 
  that 's what we call africans , americans and australians . 
  i never said ` or ' . 
  russia is eurasian thus russia is both european and asian . 
  russia is thus a european country . 
  ( as well as an asian country ), 
  belarus . 
  so?russia is both european and asian . 
  russia is thus european , and thus russia does n't count in this question . 
  time for a second referendum in a few weeks . 
  see if they 'll promise the same thing twice . 
  when we say ` east frisia ' we almost always mean saterland . 
  ostfriesland is much more low-saxon than frisian . 
  red beard was dutch . 
  grutte pier was a frisian warrior who also lead a pirate fleet on the zuider zee to attack/raid dutch coastal towns . 
  depends on what you call east frisia . 
  ostfriesland or saterland ? 
  i got home 15 minutes ago , i 'm getting it tomorrow :p, 
  frisians rally to me !, 
  it was pretty fun . 
  we should do it more often . 
  maybe we could even create something like a podcast in which we get a few redditors here and discuss the news with them . 
  could be fun . 
  no ... is it ? 
  i ca n't phantom such a big win for no in a yes stronghold . 
  i can understand no winning , but so big ? 
  it has happened . 
   these allegations , as i understand it , relate to 10 votes . 
  the technical term for the allegation is `` personation '' . 
  this is where somebody claiming to be joe bloggs turns up at a polling station and votes . 
  then maybe several hours later when the real joe bloggs finishes work and turns up to vote there is a problem . 
  ` i 'm sorry sir you have already voted ' . 
   if it 's something like 51-49 or 52-48 then we 'll just have another referendum in 10 years where the exact same debate with the exact same arguments will be played out . 
  i do n't see how 51-49 makes another referendum more likely . 
  if 54-46 is the result , i am certain sometime in the future it will be tried again as well . 
   `` it is a huge turnout . 
  particularly in some of the rural areas . 
  in one of the boxes 100 % of the people who have been available to vote have done so . '', 
  david mundell conservative mp from dumfries . 
  i do n't think he 's worried about deliberate bias . 
  i think he means more that unconsciously the poll would favour one side . 
  i was 17 . 
  it was the first time so when buying tickets i panicked and bought the wrong station . 
  i am too awkward to tell the ticket-salesman that so i just went along and made a detour ... 
  i ended up underestimating the costs so i ran out of cash and had to use my banking card ( which i never use , so i did n't remember the code . 
  i know i must memorize it , i have memorized it now that i 'm using it a lot ) but my mom send my the wrong code twice . 
  post about bad english ? 
  [ mandatory shish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh0cszdhwg0 ), 
  the government pays for my chipkaart and all the trips i take because i 'm a student . 
  but i have n't got it yet , i can activate it next month . 
  so i have to do this month without it . 
  3 weeks younger than i am now ... 
  both . 
  it was also my first time on a train . 
  after classes i also have to take a long train trip to my parents . 
  the last time i took the train , i completely fucked up . 
  short story : i got off the train at multiple wrong stops and bought wrong tickets . 
  also forgot my laptop on the seat twice . 
  ran out of money , used 2 of my 3 tries on my bankcard . 
  i 'm playing safe this time . 
  i also kind of want to sniff a bit off the first results . 
  so i 'm probably going to split it . 
  well , one could also argue that many of the doubters would swing to ` yes ' now that the time has come . 
  i 'm not really going to draw conclusions until tomorrow . 
  weird . 
  if my region could become independent i would n't let other people vote . 
  it seems really bizarre to me to give votes to people that are n't citizens of the region . 
  so , are you a scottish citizen now and that 's why you can vote , or some other reason ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out how much of the counting i want to follow . 
  i 've got school at 1:30 pm . 
  should i go to bed now and wake up before the results are out ? 
  or should i sleep until 3 am , then stay awake for the results , and go back to sleep until 11:30 am ? 
  decisions , decisions . 
  this comment section is pretty accurate with the polls . 
  17 nay and 19 yay . 
  also a couple ' i do n't knows ' some of which could be nay so it 's pretty much almost a split . 
  god i 'm nervous . 
  i bet my mom a milka bar that ` yes ' wins . 
  estimated turnout is 80 % and higher . 
  i 've also placed a bet . 
  i 'm betting my mother 1 milka chocolate bar . 
  i win if the ` yes ' vote wins . 
   also , could we please change northern ireland 's name to `` north ireland '' ? 
  sounds so much better . 
  norn iron . 
  16 million people , with our population probably maxing out at 17 million within a few decades . 
  we frisians wo n't join . 
  time for italy to reclaim all of rome . 
  * or is liechtenstein smaller than the vatican ?
