  it does not solve the problem or make it go away , however it will prevent populists and racist from creating more problems . 
  if we 're going to solve this problem by blaming the entire muslim community , you 're not going to solve it . 
  you 're going to make it worse . 
  thanks for your contribution / r/european regular . 
  the figure is not a muslim problem . 
   those figures are way too low to be considered acceptable for western society . 
  they are , that 's why we should blame the extremists for making those figures so high !, 
   every single country in the world has a policies in place which impact fertility , including maternity legislation , child benefit payments and so forth . 
  discussing what these policies should be is not eugenistic the difference is that no civilized country makes these policies with the goal of preventing a certain ethnic group to be dominant . 
  civilized countries make policies that impact fertility of the entire population , or only for certain ethnic groups as a side effect . 
  policies involving fertility based on ethnic purity are eugenicist . 
   people should care more about isis radicals being bred in their countries and less about muh discrimination . 
  decadent and removed from reality . 
  people do care , people simply do not agree with discrimination and racism . 
  it is racism and discrimination that breed isis radicals . 
  there 's no decline in cohesion . 
  / r/worldnews and / r/european redditors always jump on these kind of threads very quickly . 
  give it a while , the balance in comments usually changes when the post is a while old . 
  you always have to take into accout that people from for example / r/european brigade this kind of threads . 
  i 'm not saying his opinion is bad or anything . 
  i 'm just warning people that his numbers and conclusions should be taken with a generous scoop of salt , seeing he 's a member of / r/european . 
   but this is almost a witch hunt . 
  as long as racists are going to say racist things , calling them out will never be a bad thing . 
  what you 're saying is : * 89 % of british muslims do not agree with the statement that organisations which publish images of the prophet mohammed deserve to be attacked * 76 % of british muslims do not disagree with the statement that acts of violence against those who publish images of the prophet mohammed can never be justified * 83 % of british muslims have not agreed that it is appropriate for muslims who convert to other religions to be cut off from their family i think these numbers are indicative of a problem , not with muslims , but with extremists . 
  / r/european regular above . 
  indeed . 
  civic nationalism  ethnic nationalism . 
  35 years `` great problem '', 
  actually , a nuclear war will almost certainly get the us involved . 
  even if no nuclear weapons strike the us , most victims of the weapons will be people dying all over the world the years/decades after the war . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_winter  in a regional nuclear conflict scenario where two opposing nations in the subtropics would each use 50 hiroshima-sized nuclear weapons ( about 15 kiloton each ) on major populated centres , the researchers estimated as much as five million tons of soot would be released , which would produce a cooling of several degrees over large areas of north america and eurasia , including most of the grain-growing regions . 
  the cooling would last for years , and according to the research could be `` catastrophic '' about , what was it ... 5 or 4 degrees colder already results in an ice age . 
  a cooling of several degrees is a disastrous climate change . 
  someone visited / r/polandball today ... 
  you only showed me right be spouting more bullshit . 
  i 'm bigoted against the false truth . 
  anyway , i am not replying any more . 
  there is no discussion with / r/europeans . 
   you are bigoted against greece . 
  that 's for certain . 
  you 're an / r/european , that 's for certain . 
  and just like can be expected of an / r/european : an entire comment of lies . 
  you 're bigoted against the world mate . 
   i can still spot hypocrites and bigots though . 
  not very good . 
   irrelevant ? 
  yes , because we were talking about the sanctions . 
  those countries that trade with russia are willing to diminish that trade with more sanctions . 
  the only country vowing to not do that so far is greece . 
  so yes , it is not hypocritical . 
   are you that bigoted against greece ? 
  open your eyes and see the reality . 
  i was one of the first here to be glad tsipras came to power . 
  not anymore . 
  open your eyes and see reality , greece ca n't expect to receive free money . 
   different opinions does not equal `` troll '' no , but blaming ukraine for the ukraine crisis is simply the same shit a russian troll would spout . 
  and i am not arguing with them . 
  i am stopping because of your opinion about greece , i am stopping because of your russian propaganda . 
   except for the fact thanks to the eu `` gifts '' and the debt servicing that comes along with it greece needs more money to pay back the money they borrowed yesterday . 
  greece would n't be better off bankrupt . 
   i thought the eu had hedged it 's greek debt elsewhere and they ca n't have any affect , at least that 's what bild told me greece going bankrupt whilst the eu is trying to prevent that , will hurt the eu in one way or another . 
   it 's not greece 's fault either that ukraine decided to self implode like a powder keg , those people rioting on midan were offered fresh elections in six months and the old president would resign but they just had to riot and stage a coup anyway . 
  greece does n't have moral responsibility for their own actions and they do n't have a responsibility for cleaning up their mess either . 
  i am done . 
  no arguing with a russian troll . 
  your list is irrelevant , because all those european countries with the exception of belarus and perhaps ukraine actually follow the sanctions . 
  unlike greece . 
  if you 're not using your brain when looking at it , yes . 
   according to people on here thinking in terms of spheres of influence is so 19th century . 
  you mean russia ? 
  invading a country in order to ` protect ' speakers of your language is so 19th century . 
  sadly , 19th century attacks and tactics , require 19th century answers . 
   i see no reason they should be some sort of loyal subject of the eu and syriza are the first party in decades who actually care about the well being of the people who actually elected them . 
  because the eu provides money for greece , and we 're not giving it to them for free . 
  if greece wants to gamble it 's money away it can , but not eu money . 
  if you think the eu is being oppressive by demanding greece does n't gamble the eu 's money away , than you 're gullible . 
  syriza 's intentions might be good towards the greek people , their policies are n't . 
  policies like this will fuck the rest of the eu over , without real gain for the greek people , all the while giving ukraine a huge slap in the face . 
  man , where are all these kremlin trolls coming from ? 
   then the eu acts all shocked and offended when greece turns to countries who appear to actually be willing to help them . 
  i really hope people are n't as stupid to believe that . 
   `` either you voluntarily destroy your economy and sacrifice the most vulnerable in your society or we allow your entire country to collapse . 
  do n't attempt to stand up to us . '', 
  ... what ... ? 
  the eu is as weak as it 's weakest link . 
  that link is greece , and aslong greece is in this situation , they 're hurting us more in the eu than out of it . 
  wtf is wrong with people here ? 
  debt colonization ? 
  get that bullshit back to / r/worldnews . 
  if you think greece can receive billions of euros from us for free and gamble it all away , why do n't you say so ? 
  it would clear a lot of things up . 
  if greece wants our money , they can spend it how we want or they can leave . 
  they ca n't handle money . 
   i take it that when you say ` every member of the eu has a veto ' you are referring to individual member states their influence in terms of sanctions . 
  yes , as far as i know further sanctions requires unanimity . 
   and all russian businesses and citizens are to blame for the invasion of ukraine , right ? 
  edit : no , seriously , what point are you trying to make ? 
  two republicans stood in the middle of a huge crowd of monarchists holding signs , instead of their designated places . 
  the police removed them for disturbing the peace , since the thing could 've escalated . 
  the police later apologized .
