  this integration will increase and increase until at some point you might as well be a federation . 
   the uk is already about to exit the eu , and i strongly doubt that they would ever want to be a part of a european federation . 
  the uk exit is a different situations . 
  you 're suggesting that the uk is going to leave , but this has n't been decided yet . 
  even if they leave , they 'll come back eventually . 
   you also jumped over russia ... which makes up 40 % of europe 's landmass and is the continent 's most populous country . 
  as i said :  almost the entire continent if you assume the smallest accepted europe ( where europe ends is debatable ) some people do n't include russia because like turkey , it has most of it 's land outside europe . 
  but even then , russia is bound to integrate at some point . 
  do n't you know almost all people in europe are already imposed a language ? 
  i choose modern indo-european over high valyrian because it 's a european lanuage . 
  yes , but excluding russia , a european federation would cover pretty much the entirely continent . 
  it would leave only 2 or even 1 country on the continent that is not part of the federation . 
  that 's not a nice thing to say . 
  i realise that , but really ? 
  are we going to talk about ` common fucking sense ' in this discussion here ? 
  you know what kind of connotations it has . 
  anyway , my point is that english still is n't spoken commonly in a lot of places . 
  i actually had trouble communicating on last year 's vacation in spain . 
  i put my bike somewhere and a security guard started talking to me in spanish , gesturing at the bike . 
  i tried to ask in english what was with my bike and he had to grab it and move it to the place where he wanted me to park it ( spain is doing relatively bad with english levels ) . 
  i 'd say that we can really say that english is the language of the eu , once you can travel anywhere in the eu without having incidents like that . 
  here in the netherlands with our  80 % speakers of english it 's unlikely to happen but especially countries like spain or russia still have this commonly . 
  the only very very long term exception is switzerland , if they join it 's a very long time in the future . 
  * norwegian oil is n't infinite . 
  * iceland is n't that negative of the eu and the chance is actually pretty big that at some point in the future it joins . 
  * the former yugoslav countries will most likely join at some point too , they already on their way to become potential candidates and the eu has stated that the western-balkan is one of its priorities . 
  * albania has just become a candidate . 
  that leaves moldova , belarus and ukraine . 
  * moldova and ukraine are already on their way to become potential members . 
  that leaves belarus . 
  belarus wo n't join until the autocracy is gone , but that autocracy is assumed to disappear over time . 
  the eu has the eastern partnership organisation which aims to improve relations with moldova , belarus , ukraine and the caucasus countries . 
  if belarus and switzerland are left out , the federation covers almost the entire continent if you assume the smallest accepted europe ( where europe ends is debatable ) and your statement :  no . 
  large parts of europe will never be a part of a european federation . 
  will not be true . 
  calm down first please . 
  not really . 
  those links showed nothing . 
  where does it say that english is the language of europe ? 
  also , most people learning english in schools is not because the eu said so , but because those individual countries said so . 
  that barely proves that english is the language of europe . 
  working knowledge of english is still very low in some countries , it 's still going to take a lot of time before english can really say that it 's the language of europe . 
  the biggest power of english lies in the fact that it is widespread , not in the total number of speakers . 
   my point is that we 're far too different to agree with a common system . 
  you 're already doing that , you 're in the eu . 
  also a federation will change the swedish system barely , because as i said : the federation will only make very basic policy , where upon the members can add . 
  you 're social laws will be the same . 
   swedes discuss every single matter there is , regarding of how trivial or big . 
  swedes love meetings which italians hate . 
  swedes take turns when they speak to each other so everyone can give their input , which italians never do . 
  again , this bares no problem . 
  you just take two different cultural things and immediately assume they 're going to cause problem . 
  there 's no reason to think this will cause problems , and you 've provided none . 
   it 's too early to make a federation when we can just cooperate financially and military . 
  in the future when we have integrated more and more we could try , but it 's going to take time no one here is saying we 're doing it soon . 
  the most quickest expectations of federalisation are still decades away . 
   we have different systems which all countries deem superior . 
  changing them would require a compromise , which is difficult to make and will probably make it worse for the citizens . 
  who 's talking about changing your system ? 
   no , but if it 's a right to have siestas it would be a big problem . 
  then the solution is simple : the siesta will not be right in sweden . 
  where 's the problem ? 
   the siesta bit or wanting to be a country ? 
  the fact that you think that federalisation means that swedish laws are going to be heavily changed . 
  getting into a federation with italy , will not make your laws become more italian like . 
  i know , but that 's because english as i said is the most common spoken international language , which does n't necessarily mean it 's the common tongue of europe . 
  especially if you look at english levels , in some european countries the amount of people that can speak english can be pretty low . 
  right now english is mostly the common tongue for north-western europe . 
   look at all the flairs on here , then look at the language everyone is typing . 
  most likely because we 're on an american website , on a subreddit that was made in english . 
  if this site was dutch and this subreddit was made in german , we 'd see little english here . 
  english is n't the lingua franca here because europe decided that english is to be it 's language , it 's the lingua franca here because english is the lingua franca of the internet . 
  english is used in worldwide international communication , whether that 's in asia or europe . 
  not because english is the language of asia , but because it 's the international language . 
   so what are federations for ? 
  just same fiscal policies ? 
  perhaps an army or two ? 
  a federation 's purpose is to advance the cooperation between regions . 
  in the constitution it is decided how . 
  the federation will most likely : adopt a single foreign policy , a single fiscal policy , a single military , a single social policy and a single justice policy . 
  this whole siesta thing is a social question , so let 's look at social policy . 
  the federal government sets basic worker rights , a possible minimum wage etcetera . 
  the local governments than build upon it . 
  for example : the federal government says that every employee has the right on breaks . 
  the local government in for example catalonia would then decide that workers have a 1,5 hour break in the middle of the day and call it siesta , whilst the local government in sweden would give the workers smaller but multiple breaks at different times during their shift . 
  a ten minute coffee-break for example whilst a colleague of your 's takes over as example . 
  the federal government makes basic laws so the countries are more compatible with each other and act more like a unit , but gives enough power to the regions so they can add their own ideas to those basic laws . 
  take a look at german politics or those of the us , germany and the us are federations . 
   policy differences . 
  swedes are n't going to tolerate businesses having power over the workers in such a way that they can decide about siestas . 
  sweden has very strict laws regarding employment and stuff . 
  a lot of unions regulating what is good and what is bad . 
  al right , then those unions will decide whether siesta is possible or not . 
   the crash comes when people have rights to take siestas . 
  obvious not all are going to , but a lot of people are going to slowly take their rights to have a siesta and then it 'll be trouble , both for companies and the peope . 
   well we are n't in a federation yet . 
  if swedes want the eu to be run in one way , why not just let them have their own country run as they wish ? 
  because in the end the country/region with highest population density is going to decide what are good laws and what are bad laws . 
  this is so stupid . 
  i ca n't help but facepalm .
