  i 'll make a separate post for my idea . 
  standardized latin exists . 
  i was actually thinking , it might be a funny experiment . 
  weekly eu news in latin and latin lessons here on / r/europe . 
  we could try that out for like 2/3 months and extend it if it 's liked . 
  i was actually thinking , it might be a funny experiment . 
  weekly eu news in latin and latin lessons here on / r/europe . 
  we could try that out for like 2/3 months and extend it if it 's liked . 
   neither basque nor catalan are dead . 
  there are more people speaking basque ( 720.000 ) than people speaking montenegrin , frisian , luxembourgish or icelandic . 
  there are more people speaking catalan ( 7 million ) than many other state-official languages . 
  if icelandic is not dead , neither is it basque . 
  those language are dead as well . 
  do you know what i mean when i say ` is dead ' ? 
  it means that in the future it will eventually go extinct . 
   basque has been around sice pre-roman times . 
  all the languages that surround us have been and are bigger and more `` powerful '' ( usefulness is relative , for me basque is much more useful than french , for example ) , and basque has resisted . 
  as long as we defend our culture and our language , basque will still be around , as it has for over a millennium . 
  yeah no . 
  i do n't know if you have noticed but this is a completely different world . 
  basque survived because most people never travelled outside basque land . 
  nowadays we communicate with people on the other side of the globe . 
  it is a scientific fact that minority language are going to disappear in the age of technology . 
  in the year 2050 , 50 % of all the modern day 's language will go extinct . 
   it might be happening there , which is not something neither to be suprised about nor something that can be extended to everywhere else . 
  dutch ( and the rest of germanic languages ) are very closely related to english . 
  here no one says `` computer '' , neither in spanish ( ordenador ) nor in basque ( ordenagailua ) , not even in the most informal of cases . 
  here no one says awesome , or cool , we use our own words . 
  it is also happening in south and east europe . 
  you guys are merely behind us . 
  it will happen only more slowly . 
   maybe people are willing to adopt english more and more . 
  but ask about how many people want it to fully replace their own language . 
  how many dutch want their language to be replaced ? 
  coexistence is possible , imposition is not . 
  if you there are not trying to defend your language ( and i 'm talking about frisian now ) , well , shame , but we will fight for our language , as we have before . 
  it happens against your will . 
  a majority of frisians does n't want frisian to die and neither do the dutch yet it is happening anyway . 
  minority language can not and will not survive in the future . 
  whether the speakers of that language like it or not . 
   i will not support further european integration if it involves the disappearence of the basque language and culture . 
  that 's not enough . 
  if you want basque to remain , you must abolish spanish and english from all your schools and leave the eu . 
  also , stop communicating with the internet , it promotes non-basque . 
  only this will be enough to preserve basque in the future and it has 0 chance of happening . 
   it is not realistic to believe that a society ( in this case , the basque people ) will all learn three languages and have a `` as native '' level in the three of them . 
  one of the three languages will find itself on a disadvantage , and it will obviously be the one that is already weaker than the other two , the basque language . 
  that 's going to happen anyway . 
  it all moves into the direction of one language . 
  languages such as basque and catalan are death and whatever it is people are doing to revive them now , it 's merely a delay . 
   one thing is to promote the learning of english in all schools across the eu , which already happens but should be improved , and i fully support that . 
  but quite another is to expect english to become an everyday language inside every region , at the same level their own languages are now . 
  that 's hardly going to happen , and if it does , it will be forced and in detriment of less favored languages . 
  there are multiple reasons for a language to die , one of them is the presence of a more bigger , powerful , useful language . 
  if english spreads across europe , it will at some point replace other languages , even without force . 
  you can already see it in the north-west . 
  people are using english more and more in daily life . 
  my dutch teacher actually used an english proverb out of nowhere today . 
  other european languages have completely adopted entire english word groups . 
  for example : the computer . 
  everyone calls it a ` computer ' , everbody says ` harddrive ' , ` software ' , ` hardware ' . 
  monitor screens are measured in inches etcetera . 
  and not only that , a lot of new words enter from english . 
  the dutch now use the word ` lol ' completely different . 
  dutch children say things like ` awesome ' and ` cool ' . 
  i study in english and more and more classes are given in english a couple of days ago a couple of dutch schools started with being 50 % english and the plans are to eventually have all dutch schools work 50 % of their time in english if you 're using english as a lingua france it will replace other languages given enough time . 
  exactly , it 's a beautiful language with a history and i 'd support anything that makes the americans do shit as well . 
  if we 're all talking in english it contributes to their sometimes egoistic view of us . 
  let them learn our language for a chance . 
  actually people can have multiple native languages . 
  you could give your child 6 native languages if you 'd wanted . 
  modern indo european :p . 
  one language for europe : latin !, 
  yes there has been no vote so there is no complete picture . 
  but the protests are our only picture so that 's the one we use when judging . 
  we might look at percentage of people that voted when we 're doing an actual vote , but there is no vote . 
   reddiquette , you can disagree with what i say all you want but you oppose what i say through debate not acting like a child downvoting . 
  rediquette :  if it really is the content you have a problem with ( as opposed to the person ) , by all means vote it down when you come upon it . 
   you 've edited your comment since i began my reply , however if we 're going with your method of doing things then this is more apt : 1 % of ukrainians voted 80 % were in favour 20 % were against hm , since 99 % of the population have n't voted we 'll just go with no pro eu since it isnt a complete picture . 
  than those 99 % of people are idiots . 
  the system works like this : more people vote yay than nay ? 
  yay is the way to go . 
  if 6/10 people vote for x and 1/1000 people has voted , bad luck for the people that against x. 
   and finally , if it is you downvoting every comment of mine , please stop , it is n't the downvotes that are bad , its the attempt to silence opposition . 
  it 's not silencing an opposition . 
   you are apparently saying that 200,000 - 300,000 people protesting is enough to say that the other 45 million people in ukraine are a majority pro eu , a majority of people did not turn out to protest for either side and you cant extrapolate which side they would have supported based on the size of each protest . 
  no and no . 
  i am saying that 200,000 , 300,000 people out for 500,000 are still more right than 10 people out of 100,000,000 people since they are n't voicing their opinion . 
  more people protest pro eu = country is pro eu . 
  more people protest against eu = country is anti eu . 
  if the people that are anti eu are n't voicing it , bad luck , pro eu wins . 
  that 's how the system works . 
  not voicing your opinion = not having an opinion . 
  that 's like saying : 90 % of scots voted . 
  80 % was in favor of independence 20 % was not in favor of independence . 
  hm , 10 % of scots have n't voted so we 'll just go with no independence as it is n't the complete picture . 
  a democracy works this way : if you do not express your opinion , then do n't whine when people do n't notice that opinion . 
  if you are not doing anything against x , then do n't whine when they implement x. 
  the metric that there have been no protests that come even close to the amount of people at the pro-eu protests . 
  support there is much lower .
