  it 's the same thing they said about germany . 
   you know , just let them have those few areas . 
  it is n't like they 'll start a giant war . 
  it 's indeed true that putin most likely would n't do stupid things like that . 
  but it is ridiculous to assume it when making your policy . 
  one of the big rules from the art of war :  the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable . 
  in order to defend yourself , it 's better to assume the enemy will attack , than to assume the enemy wo n't . 
  no matter how unlikely . 
   where would we be now if peacekeeping troops had been sent to ukraine 3 months ago ? 
  probably at war . 
  a un peacekeeping mission ca n't be done and a nato peacekeeping force would be a giant provocation as ukraine is not a nato member . 
  russia would see it as a western takeover of an independent country , not a peacekeeping mission . 
  the cutting edge of german integration . 
  not for very long . 
  commercial flight will take it over in a few years anyway . 
  you miscalculated your costs . 
  alright your miss . 
  this is your plan ? 
  * change it to constantinople * join eu * change it back * leave eu net profit : nothing total costs : the bureaucratic price of economic and political reforms , joining an international political union only to leave it right away . 
  well as the capital of an european federation , you would obviously no longer have any influence over it 's name . 
  indeed a back up , but not the real thing . 
  if you 're coming in the club it will be constantinople . 
  point . 
  i would n't pick a place for capital based on how easy it is to defend . 
  washington is relatively close to the coast , why is n't the capital of the us somewhere in nebraska ? 
  ironically enough though , the eu has done a lot to protect minority languages and cultures . 
  instead of english , the language should become latin or modern indo-european . 
  i support this . 
  reminds me of [ the anthem of south korea ] ( http://youtu.be/pew4llrl66i?t=5m37s ), 
  if europe becomes a federation , frisia must become one of it 's states . 
  and copying the united states is a no no . 
  if your goal is to make a federation , you must n't merge countries together . 
  that will lead to a unitary state . 
  one country , one government . 
  first you must decide , if europe were one , how would you divide it into states ? 
   letting everyone have guns , leading to a school shooting every two weeks so if we become a federation , suddenly this becomes an existing problem ? 
  there already is gun control in most european countries , you only need to merge those laws . 
  danish at heart , with germany and austria close . 
  seems legit . 
  i 've got a cat named mew and a leonberger named zero . 
  indeed . 
  frisian is making a comeback here . 
  a couple decades ago it would 've been mostly stallingwarfs or dutch . 
  now there 's a lot more frisian . 
  let me have the honour :d, 
  pretty sure you did n't read the title correctly . 
  for some evil reason in the back of my mind i think :  yes . 
  option 1 or 2 . 
  evil eu is best eu, 
  neither . 
  it 's a low-saxon dialect . 
  it might be hard to understand when you 're not used to be it , but reading it is easy enough . 
  my dad is a fireman and their motto is in stellingwarfs :  wij goan veur jim deur et vuur, 
  in my area i 've heard people speak stellingwarfs . 
  a low-saxon dialect . 
  not really unintelligible , but it can be hard to understand when you 're not used to it . 
  notice the '' surrounding ` glory days ' . 
  one of us . 
  one of us . 
  i 've never seen the indian flag as a flair here :0, 
  damn straight . 
  i agree about keller with you . 
  her answers looked a bit too politically correct to me . 
  operation little blitzkrieg, 
  well it depends . 
  people would rather live in a world where they are part of a poor but equal group that makes up 90 % of a society whilst the other 10 % is super rich , than in a world where they are part of a poor but equal group that makes up a small percentage of a society . 
  if everyone around you is relatively equal in income to you , you 're much happier than when the guy across the street is much wealthier than you . 
  in short , it 's better to be poor with poor people around you , than poor with rich people around you . 
  the poor make up a larger percentage in eastern europe , while here in the west both the middle class and rich class is larger . 
  it compensates for being poor in general , but obviously it does n't really compete with the standard of living in north-western europe . 
  yes it is so , because i never said anything about total happiness or happiness in general . 
  egalitarian societies are relatively happy , that does n't mean that they 're happy societies . 
  equal incomes can vastly improve a country 's happiness , but the happiness gained from equal incomes is usually completely or partially lost to : * lower average income * more corruption * lower standard of living my point is that eastern europeans can be relatively happy thanks to the more equal incomes . 
  it does not make them really happy , but it make them happier than you 'd expect . 
   but let 's put it like this : all the young families ( parents in their mid 30 's ) i know in ee are healthier emotionally than most families i know in we , with only half of the income . 
  if the income is more equal in a group of people , the people become more happy regardless of the relative size of that income . 
  people are happier to live in a group where every body earns 100 euros , than when they live in a group where there is a big class distinction , like 25 % earns 50 euros , 30 % earns 75 , 40 % earns 100 and 5 % earns 200 euros . 
  people in eastern europe might be much poorer , but the wealth is relatively spread out . 
  ( i know , there are a lot of people both corrupt and not that earn much more than most people , but you have to look at the size of the people that do not , and the poor people that are more equal in income or much larger ) . 
  it explains how families in poorer countries can be just as happy as richer countries , as poorer countries are often more equal . 
  it does to me . 
  that 's the thing i guess . 
  it sounds like french-enhanced italian . 
  german , finnish and corsican . 
  corsican sounds french , but at the same time it does n't . 
  economic crisis . 
  so basically you 're saying : russians en masse on a neutral site/video about a conflict they 're involved in = circle-jerk thus europeans on a european subreddit , and understandably posting pro-european stuff ( since they 're all europeans ) = circle-jerk vague comparison . 
  no , massively circle-jerking on video 's comments about for example a political question in order to make it appear as if your side has a lot of support . 
  a lot of people on the internet going on about ` neo-nazi ukraine ' or ` mother russia ' are n't even ukrainian/russian . 
  a lot are , but a lot also are n't . 
  lately there has been a lot of this happening . 
  russian nationalist groups sometimes even making multiple accounts . 
  russian trolls . 
  good thing that the pro-ukrainian comments have the most upvotes , though . 
  i thought it was hilarious . 
  especially because it was about a 25 , - pound traffic fine . 
   it goes against the evidence . 
  that 's the case with most stereotypes . 
  i only know it from the internet :p, 
   stereo-typically,
