  nor is it in anarchy now . 
  so i have no idea why you pretend that there 's no authority keeping the streets safe ? 
  or how that suddenly changed in 2001 ? 
  okay ? 
  so , no crime or terrorism before september 11 , 2001 ... ? 
  you 're sure you 're actually in the uk ? 
   some drunk prison-looking dude threatened us until i pulled a gun from a box . 
  i got threatened , so i threatened the guy that threatened me . 
  there 's no way how that could 've escalated . 
   the authorities ca n't protect us ... how long have i been sleeping ? 
  good on you . 
  you do realise rioting does n't just mean destroying shops and streets in a group ? 
  something can also be a ` riot ' without violence . 
  a synonym for ` riot ' is ` uproar ' . 
  there is ` uproar ' over the burkini because apparently it has something to do with the islamist attacks in france ? 
  so the mayors appease the people in this ` uproar ' by enacting a totally useless ban on a piece of cloth . 
  yes , and ? 
  i 'm only saying that that the idea behind the headscarf and other islamic garments is . 
   you just display you total lack of ability to argue for your case with logical arguments . 
  i would suggest reading back then , because i did make a logical argument : as an austrian you ca n't decide what a french women likes when they 're going to the beach . 
  a person can only decide for themselves what they enjoy . 
  you ca n't read minds , it is literally impossible for you to tell someone else what they like . 
  what act of oppression ? 
  right , so you support that newspapers publish only things they approve of ? 
  you support that newspapers do n't publish anything they disagree with ? 
  i do n't know why you hate on news websites like breitbart or the guardian when you like what they do ? 
  the idea is to prevent women from being sexualised and men from being distracted by feminine beauty . 
  how much that actually helps is of course disputable and a different discussion . 
  but that 's basically the logic behind headscarfs and other covers . 
   i absolutely support this act because there is no way in hell that she has not heard about the public debate going on about burkinis . 
  and so shortly after that , it is not just the wearing of a particular kind of bathing suit , it is a message . 
  and that message is a big `` fuck you ! '', 
  to french authority . 
  so if there was a public debate going on about wearing jeans , i am suddenly a rebel against authority simply for wearing them ? 
  there 's also a public debate about the extend of freedom of speech . 
  using your freedom of speech whilst the debate is going on is n't just voicing your opinion , it is a message . 
  and that message is a big `` fuck you ! '', 
  to french authorities . 
  i absolutely support any act that supresses other people 's opinions , because there is no way in hell that a person has not heard of the public debate about free speech . 
  that was n't an article . 
  it was an opinion piece by the inventor of the burkini . 
  pretending i have just makes it easier for you to pretend you 're right , 
  so , you as an austrian are going to dictate what french women need to do in order to enjoy the beach and they 're the brainwashed ones ? 
  i think you 're just a pervert , wanting to force women to be as naked as possible . 
  i think right-wing people are brainwashed to think , feel and behave in a certain way . 
  does that make it okay for the law to ban fp\u00d6 logos on t-shirts ? 
  no it does n't . 
  especially because i am in no position to accuse others of being brainwashed . 
  not everyone whom you do n't like is brainwashed . 
  because it appeals to regressives and populists . 
  it 's an absolute meaningless gesture just to get some favour among rioting frenchmen . 
   they wear it because they must . 
  let that sink in for a moment before going on talking about how the burkini gives them freedom . 
  i love how it 's always conservative people that just know that 100 % of all women with such a piece of clothing are being forced to wear them . 
  how to become a fascist state 101 : claim everything you do is to help the poor citizens . 
  `` oh you 're wearing something we do n't want you to ? 
  well let us tell you exactly how it 's bad for you . 
  your opinion on the matter is irrelevant , because it 's obvious to us you 're not doing this out of free will . '', 
  which somehow prevents somali people from throwing grenades at people ? 
  one of those increased slightly , one of them decreased slightly and one stayed pretty much the same . 
  that 's not sloooowly getting better , that 's static . 
  but norway 's refugee per capita number is half as big as sweden 's , but no issue with grenade attacks in norway . 
  how can you imply causation , if there 's not even correlation ? 
  the unodc themselves say to not use their statistics when comparing countries . 
  no , what makes it entitlement ? 
   entitlement noun en \u00b7 ti \u00b7 tle \u00b7 ment \\ - \u02c8t\u012b-t\u0259l-m\u0259nt \\  1 ) the condition of having a right to have , do , or get something  2 ) the feeling or belief that you deserve to be given something ( such as special privileges )  3 ) a type of financial help provided by the government for members of a particular group saying that i need cigarettes is n't entitlement , nor is saying that what you have is shitty entitlement . 
  saying you deserve more than you get is entitlement . 
  the guy you 're quoting from your linked article , never indicates that he deserves more or that he 's not glad with what he 's been given . 
  okay ? 
  that 's not entitlement . 
  that 's longing . 
  longing = `` oh god i wish i had something we made back home '' entitlement = `` fuck you , i deserve better food '' . 
   `` we hav\u00e9 no choice . 
  we steal . / on n ' a pas de choix . 
  on vole . '', 
   but the fact that they thought that was acceptable said whom ? 
  your only quote is an migrant saying : we had no choice . 
  i do n't know what makes you think that they find it acceptable ? 
   you 're the one who is bringing it up . 
  yeah because you basically said that only russia gets punished for unwarranted aggression . 
   was yanukovych 's ouster constitutional ? 
  from the same article :  a majority of 328 lawmakers of the 450-seat parliament voted on february 22 to remove yanukovych from power , citing as grounds his abandoning office and the deaths of more than 80 protesters and police in the past chaotic week of violence . 
  i 'm pretty sure that in parliamentary democracies , the parliaments hold the ultimate power . 
  if the parliament impeaches a president , he 's no longer the legitimate president . 
  your quote on the yemen situation is incomplete . 
   in january 2015 , unhappy with a proposal to split the country into six federal regions , houthi fighters seized the presidential compound in sana'a . 
  the power play prompted the resignation of president abd rabbuh mansur hadi and his ministers . 
  the houthi political leadership then announced the dissolution of parliament and the formation of a revolutionary committee to govern the country on 6 february 2015 . 
  so this was n't an internationally recognised decision by the democratically elected parliament to oust hadi , it was an internationally unrecognised violent takeover of the country . 
  a different situation than in ukraine . 
  one of the reasons nobody 's sanctioning russia for their support for assad . 
   ousted president to commit war crimes against the local population ? 
  does n't make him illegitimate . 
  still internationally recognised . 
  russia 's intervention in ukraine was not invited by a recognised government . 
  okay ? 
  you mean the saudi arabian-led intervention in yemen ? 
  saudi arabia has been invited to do so by the internationally recognized yemen government . 
   that being said , i 'm yet to see other aggressors getting the same treatment . 
  well iraq got it 's butt kicked after invading kuwait ...
