  russia being so big will definitely have some influence on the name , especially because i do n't think the russians like being commanded by others so much and certainly do n't want a name forced on them . 
  i already said in another thread : world language : english pan-european language : up-to-debate national language : depends on where you live . 
  your entire argument comes down to that if we stopped speaking english , we 'd destroy our trade . 
  but no one here is advocating the banishing of english , what is being said is that we could use another language but for european affairs , whilst english stays the language for international business with countries like the us and japan . 
  not really . 
  in a lot of countries there 's already a lot of languages studies being done . 
  here in the netherlands you need to study english , french and german for a couple of years . 
  french is barely used by people from here , so it could easily be replaced by a pan-european language . 
  if you do that , your goal is complete , students will then study both the unifying languages and their own and the only you needed to change was one subject in school . 
   seems like a lot of work for no real gain . 
  as i said , that completely depends on opinion . 
  some people think it 's a lot of gain , some do n't . 
  that 's a bold statement to make , unless you know a way of knowing the future . 
  that would definitely be my choice as well . 
  all the language of the member regions official , but a second language for pan-european use . 
  my best case scenario would include that everyone learns a minimum of three languages : their own language , that of the european union and one that is widely spoken across the world ( like english is right now ), 
  multiple reasons , but whether those reasons are enough depends on your opinion : * english gives an advantage to british firms/companies * english is spoken by multiple countries across the world , adopting a non-commonly spoken language would make it more a possible united europe a lot more unique . 
  * a lot of people want europe to act independent . 
  having the same language as the usa would not help . 
  adopting english as the common tongue would boost relations with the rest of the anglo-sphere and other countries because it 's spread over the whole world . 
  whether that weighs up against the disadvantages is a matter of opinion . 
  i would n't like it to be english myself . 
  english does n't feel quite right , possibly because it 's spoken so wide across the globe . 
  i think the best case scenario would be that we adopt two languages : one as the common european tongue and a second one that is learnt across the globe . 
  the first one could be as i said a revived version of indo-european and the second one could be english . 
   personally i think it makes sense to limit the options to those that are realistic , rather than unrealistic options . 
  i did but there was plenty of room left for more so i decided to check on other options as well . 
  ` the civilized world ' . 
  oh god i can already imagine it . 
  `` diplomats have come one step closer to bringing free trade between the united states of america and the civilized world . '', 
  `` the civilized world has put more sanctions in effect against russia . '', 
  a little spelling error , sorry !, 
  depends . 
  if germany gets to the renaissance era , their unique building can raise income with +2 gold , +25 % gold in the city in which it is built , +1 gold per trade route connecting to that city , +5 % production increase per city-state trade route . 
  you also get a merchant specialist slot . 
  a debate is not as well an indicator of what people think about a subject than a survey like this . 
  in the 9 months i 've been active here i 've seen about none surveys about this kind of stuff . 
  so i thought i 'd make one so we can put that debate into numbers . 
   but are you seriously expecting anyone to suggest that modern indo-european should be the common language of the eu ? 
  in my mind this kind of idea is somewhat fantastical , however wonderful such language might likely be . . !, 
  there are actually some that propose it . 
  i included it because i find it such an interesting thing . 
  i tried to decipher the grammar guide once but got completely overwhelmed by just how hard it is . 
  the point of a survey is to give people multiple options to choose from . 
  how do we know someone is ( or might be ) seriously interested in an option , if is n't accepted as an option ? 
  nope . 
  conlangs like esperanto and interlingua were mainly created as a common language for the entire world , not just europe . 
  alright , i have interlingua now on my list of potential languages for the possible follow-up survey . 
  i could n't add more , there 's a limit of questions :p, 
  we could , you 'll need to convince a lot of people though . 
  yes , just like i said : any name will be shortened to one or two names . 
  whether that is the first two words , the second word on it 's own or the final word of the official name . 
  ` america ' and ` the states ' are both examples of that . 
   there is no rule-book that says we need a single language . 
  sorry but i downvoted you . 
  i never said we did in fact need one and this survey is meant to discover how many people here think we need one . 
  the eu is a very special case . 
  the eu even has a special section on the wikipage of ` confederation ' :  due to its unique nature , and the political sensitivities surrounding it , there is no common or legal classification for the european union ( eu ) . 
  however , it does bear some resemblance to both a confederation ( or `` new '' type of confederation ) and a federation . 
  the eu operates common economic policies with hundreds of common laws , which enable a single economic market , open internal borders , a common currency and allow for numerous other areas where powers have been transferred and directly applicable laws are made . 
  however , unlike a federation , the eu does not have exclusive powers over foreign affairs , defence and taxation . 
  the eu right now is both . 
  we could go towards more of a federation or we could go more towards a confederation . 
  since we 're already a mix of both , a future united europe would also be a bit of both whilst calling itself a federation . 
  mostly because people know the word federation better and it sounds more powerful/cool to a lot of people . 
  so after the front post about a united states of europe , i decided to make a survey in order to gauge how peope think language might be a problem in such a federation and how to solve it . 
  in the survey i ask whether you think we need a common european language and if so , what european language or other possible common language ( i.e. 
  esperanto ) would you prefer as the common tongue ? 
  with example texts and summarized advantages/disadvantages of each language . 
  i might do another survey another time with more potential languages , if there is support for such a thing . 
  also : would people be interested that based on the results of this ( and any future ) survey , weekly threads will be made on this subreddit , where people can learn and ask questions about what people would mostly want the common eu tongue to be ? 
  ( if it is n't english ), 
   which we kinda do already , things like respecting minorities and press freedom and the such are requirements to join the eu , then there are the things we happen to agree on by chance like how the majority of the eu believes in social healthcare and avoiding armed conflict when it can . 
  indeed , the main thing federalisation would add would be that a common goal can be set for the member states more easily on stuff like foreign policy etcetera . 
  luckily the countries that pull the per capita wealth down are n't doing so bad ( with a few exceptions ) . 
  it happened 18 times , in the previous 38 years . 
  an average shut down of once per 2,11 years . 
  the united states is not the example of a federation i 'd like to see , but they show that the regions can have a lot of power . 
  the us states can determine for themselves whether they legalize for example , the death penalty . 
  in the us , the states are much more free to do what they like on those kind of fields than the german bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  for the eu we 'd have to invent a new kind of federation . 
  they can pull back some troops , but having your allies close can be useful . 
  i would like the eu to get more of a say in it though , the troops are on our continent . 
   why not latin of course , you 're romanian . 
  a better common language i think would be a revived version of indo-european , like sambahsa . 
  we should do a survey about this actually . 
  i 'm going to work on it right now . 
   it 's lasted 230 years and somehow managed to craft a strong american identity despite immigration from all different places . 
  a bit too strong . 
   the u.s. is also the wealthiest and most powerful country in the world . 
  meh , the biggest reason the us is so far ahead of western-europe in terms of total wealth and power because we had two world wars . 
  whilst they put europe into ruins , the second world war ended the great depression in the us , gave them a giant economic boost and give them a lot of influence over asia and europe . 
  you 're just lucky you do n't have germany on your continent :p, 
  ` united states ' and ` federation ' mean pretty much the same thing . 
   also we ca n't pretend that the same laws that work for the swedes work for the portuguese or the bulgarians . 
  of course a common economic , diplomatic and military policy is to be expected . 
  you have to realize that in a federation , the regions have a lot of power ? 
  the federal government only really decides common economic , diplomatic and military policy etcetera . 
  most other laws can differ per country as long as they agree with the basic principles of the federation . 
  just like people often call the us america ?
