   then the police ` accidentally ' arrested them even though they knew perfectly well they were n't allowed to do so . 
  they were n't allowed to do so , that 's why they were released . 
  yeah , no . 
  the government gave both monarchists and republicans their own spots for demonstration . 
  two republicans decided to demonstrate in the middle of giant crowd of monarchists . 
  the police arrested them and took them away because they feared things might have escalated and it was later said to be accidental because the police did n't want any annoying controversies . 
  it 's not like republicans are being repressed as you make it seem . 
  it is democratic because most people here do n't want it . 
  democracy is doing what the people want and what we want is a ban on the display of isis flags during anti-israel/jewish rally 's . 
  not too long ago a lot of people in fact would . 
  when ww1 broke out hundreds of thousands german men signed up voluntarily . 
  i would n't have been surprised at all that many germans would vote for a new war . 
  oh god would you imagine that opinion in england in 1939 :  it 's not really invading poland , it 's just the will of the german population . 
  we 're only a liberal democracy if we want to . 
  this is n't one of those times . 
  [ romans just came and conquered our lands . 
  their taxes are n't fun . 
  they raised the requirements and exacted payment , at first decimating our herds , then confiscating our land , and finally taking our wives and children . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisii#wars_with_the_romans ), 
  i wo n't be surprised if the eu has n't got much plans for a situation like this . 
  the eu has never had a trade war this big ... 
   we will survive and thrive as we always do . 
  said every destroyed civilization ever . 
  just realised i was looking on the wrong page and it indeed got very old stuff . 
  oops, 
  `` so here we 've got the monke ... '' `` where 's hitler ?! '', 
  update : pretty much none of the missions i told about , except for the ixv and the orion participation , are still in effect . 
  they all have been indefinitely delayed or cancelled . 
   _  maybe the eu could request/pay the esa to make a manned spacecraft with a possible moon mission . 
  it might be an idea to make a petition to request the eu to do that with the excuse that such a mission would strengthen the union and give people something to make them feel more as european citizens . 
  i 'd wonder if there would be any support for it here ? 
  i was talking about the falcon 9 . 
  forgot to mention the falcon heavy . 
  basically the ariane 6 will aim for the market of satellites that are too small for the falcon heavy , but too big for the falcon 9 . 
  the esa at it 's core is much more a scientific space organisation . 
  unlike roscosmos , nasa or spacex , the esa does n't focus on manned flight and exploration . 
  that is however changing . 
  from an article from 2013 :  what the europeans do not have is a shuttlelike orbiter or apollo-like crew capsule to place atop the ariane 5 . 
  but that , too , is coming . 
   as esa engineers begin building a giant cargo vessel for large loads going to and from the space station , they are also looking at how it can be adapted to carry astronauts and become europe 's first manned spacecraft . 
  the europeans are also negotiating with russia to collaborate on the clipper space plane , currently under development . 
  it is designed to carry a six-person crew to low earth orbit . 
  the esa council has recently approved the aurora program , a plan for a succession of increasingly bold expeditions , including a robotic mars sample return mission , a manned trip to the moon , and a manned voyage to mars in 2033 . 
  did you read the ` giant cargo vessel ' part ? 
  that 's the ship type in the article op has posted . 
  the atv . 
  same article :  before bush brought up the subject , europe 's position was that it was more interested in a long-term , science-based mission to mars than a return to the moon . 
  now esa is shifting its thinking and trying to leverage the technology at hand into a manned vehicle that would also prove useful for a moon mission and , conveniently , fit on top of the ariane 5 rocket . 
  the key technology is already far along in development : the automated transport vehicle , a cargo ship being designed to replace progress , russia 's archaic unmanned supply ship , as the main tool for ferrying water , food , and equipment to the space station . 
  the jules verne is the first of six transport vehicles europe expects to build . 
  it is undergoing tests at the european space research and technology center in noordwijk , a seaside resort town in the netherlands , and its maiden voyage is expected to take place next year . 
  nasa 's next module that will get astronauts to the moon and asteroids is currently being developed with a first flight in 2020 . 
  the service module part ( the part with the fuel , the engine , thrusters , electricity etc ) will be made by the esa and is based on the atv . 
  this cooperation with nasa will help us in developing our own module , the csts : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/csts, 
  spacex focuses more on reusabilty . 
  they can launch less heavy satellites , but they will are severely cheaper . 
  arianespace simply ca n't compete with spacex in the small payload market , that 's why arianespace most likely focuses on the big payload market , no competition from spacex is present there . 
  guyana 's location has n't got anything to do with it really . 
  it makes it a little easier to launch , but it 's of not much influence in these kind of decisions . 
  it would n't give arianespace an advantage over spacex . 
  we can most likely launch exomars ourselves , we simply made this deal with the russians so they could benefit from the mission and we 'd be out cheaper . 
  budget is a big problem , esa 's budget has been growing but it 's still small compared to nasa and only slightly smaller than roscosmos . 
  an esa moonlander for example was cancelled because germany was willing to pay 45 % of the mission costs , but all other members refused to pay the other 55 % . 
  we are planning the ixv though . 
  http://esamultimedia.esa.int/docs/launchers/ixv_factsheet20140714.pdf the first test launch is this september . 
  it 's a test vehicle for reusable spacecraft in the future . 
  this might be able to bring arianespace back to the smaller payload markets . 
  arianespace 's ariane 6 will be able to shoot larger satellites into orbit , so arianespace will probably focus on the market for the kind of satellites spacex ca n't launch . 
  a mars mission is part of the aurora program . 
  the aurora program has the following main goals : * exomars , unmanned orbiter and rover launched in 2016 in collaboration with roscosmos * a robotic sample return mission from mars together with the nasa ( severely delayed ) * a human space mission to be placed in 2033 exomars will be launched using russian proton rockets . 
  this information might be outdated though . 
  esa 's website is a pain in the ass to find information on . 
  yep . 
  that 's why the esa is now developing ariane 6 , which will be smaller and more flexible . 
  with the ariane 6 , ariane space is hoping to keep a strong market position . 
  the current ukrainian government has more than enough legitimacy . 
  the elections were only blocked in separatist occupied regions . 
  this is the most legitimate government possible without actually separating . 
  the first presidential elections were held and they the most legit thing we 'll get . 
   they 're asking for unpopular opinions . 
  the first one you mentioned is extremely popular . 
  they last time i stated it here i got downvoted for it . 
   you dislike their opinion but want them to be involved more ? 
  no , what i mean is that , i dislike the opinion of many british people that they do n't need to get involved . 
  i do n't necessarily dislike ukip or the whole opinion of leaving the eu , what i hate about them is that they only seem to talk about getting the uk out . 
  of course focus on their main goal : getting the uk out of the eu , but besides that they should actively do sensible stuff . 
  for example not trying to block any notion in the ep simply because you do n't like the eu . 
   cameron because he voted against juncker and did n't follow the pack , was ridiculed for it . 
  i think cameron was mostly ridiculed here because juncker was obviously a favourite here . 
  i do n't think it was because he was doing something anti-eu : a lot of people here are in favour of juncker and most are thinking that the elections showed that juncker had a legitimate claim , because his party was the biggest . 
  of course you 're going to ridicule politicians that go against that . 
  germany : we 've got to protect the german/prussian people in kaliningrad . 
  exactly . 
  it fascinates me how people from a certain background suddenly start to associate themselves with a completely different ethnicity . 
  i do n't like british opinion very much . 
  sometimes seems like they pretend to live somewhere in the middle of the atlantic instead of a viewing distance from the french coast ... 
  i would like it if they got more involved . 
  not necessarily pro-eu , but just involved . 
  people on this subreddit are okay though . 
  but that 's because any british guy that distances itself from the mainland probably would n't come here often .
