  large populations will always react hesitant and ignorant . 
  that 's a characteristic of group behavior . 
  if you plan to harm someone , would you go to the garage ? 
  there was no reason to think the intruder would want to harm them . 
  did they get harmed the first two burglaries ? 
  if the guy just kept in bed and waited for the morning to contact the police so they could use the video material to identify them . 
  the guy could feel safe knowing the intruder is being hunted for and the student would n't have been murdered . 
  the guy even left his garage open . 
  do you know what 's a better way of defending yourself than shooting someone in your house ? 
  taking the required measurements to keep them out of your house . 
   uses european flag so he can make fun of other countries without the fear of people making fun of his own your comment gets a lot more serious if you think about that . 
   oh , right ... of course it was n't . 
  `` tee hee , i 'm just gon na go about stealing shit from others and expect a slap on the wrist ! '' . 
  there is n't a country in the world where this is acceptable . 
  i do n't think they did n't know it was illegal . 
  i do expect them to think that they would n't be shot for it . 
  but alas . 
  is it ? 
  you tell me because i did n't say anything like that . 
  fuck democracy . 
  modern media and sensationalization ruin it . 
  i even heard a story of a guy running into a house to tell the owners ( who were sleeping ) that the house was on fire . 
  the owners shot him . 
  about your first link : gun control is misused there . 
  gun control can only work in one way : if it 's applied to the entire country . 
  what stops someone from buying a gun in houston , and then shooting someone with it in chicago ? 
  saying gun control does n't work because one city has gun control with a high murder rate and one without it has a low murder rate is like saying :  we 've closed 1 kilometer of border of our 100 kilometer border . 
  the amount of illegal immigrants did n't change . 
  conclusion : closing borders will have no effect on the amount of illegal immigrants . 
  which is completely bollocks . 
  for your second link , watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-hlo9wvciu, 
   okay then we send 30,000 troops to dnipropetrovsk . 
  and just say they 're tourists . 
  the only thing thats standing in our way of doing that is that neither americans or europeans want to put boots on the ground . 
  indeed . 
  you just said it : we do n't want to . 
  i have no interest in a military adventure in the ukraine . 
   hell yea , have our troops just stand by . 
  30,000 american soldiers is a formidable force . 
  like i said putin is already hesitant to send an army into ukraine because he know that even though he can beat the ukrainian military , he might get bogged down in an afghanistan-like insurgency . 
  add an american army on to that insurgency and theres no way . 
  i already said that it is obvious putin does n't want a war . 
  he wants to push us to take action . 
  he 'll just go around your troops and annex everything except the one area you 've got your men . 
  this puts you in a hard position because you can do two things : * get your men out of there or * attack the russians if you attack the russians , russia can blame everything on the us . 
  ukraine is not a member of the nato , which makes it illegal to ` defend ' the place without un permission . 
  un permission you wo n't get because the russians can veto . 
  the only way you can go with the military option is by disbanding the un , which will come with it 's own consequences . 
  you americans need to stop thinking you can just simply put your troops somewhere in the world and magically solve the diplomatic problems . 
  did n't work in vietnam , did n't work in korea , did n't work in iraq , did n't work in afghanistan . 
  there 's no reason to think it would work now . 
  that 's what you 'd expect , is n't ? 
   see you 're thinking like a westerner , we need get on their frequency . 
  that 's dumb . 
  i 'm thinking like a westerner . 
  how did you know ? 
  is it because i am a westerner ? 
  different cultures have different ways of doing something . 
  in order to win we do not need to get down on russian level . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  that we should become more like the russians ? 
  over my dead body . 
   why do n't we see this as russia provoking the west ? 
  as i already told you : we do . 
  russia is provoking the west . 
  but why do you provoke someone ? 
  to get a reaction . 
  that 's what a provocation is . 
  an action with the desired result of getting a reaction . 
  russia wants us to react , it would give them the green light for other measures and the russians would then know how far they can push us . 
  if you want to win this , you must react with unconventional means . 
  react in a way without diving right into a trap . 
  sending troops is exactly what russia expects us to do once they 've pushed us far enough . 
  sending troops will send a powerful message . 
  a message is what we 've been doing the entire time . ', 
  russia knows that the west does not want war . 
  they will know that 30.000 troops in lviv are a message and mostly not a threat . 
  30.000 troops is a relatively small defence force . 
  if the russians would invade they would invade with hundred thousands . 
  in fact in this message you effectively told them that there are x amount of western troops stationed in location y. 
  the fact that those 30.000 troops are stationed on the other side of the country does n't help either . 
   we are immensely more powerful than they are yes on paper , but victory does n't lie in numbers . 
  whether we would win a conflict in ukraine is much more dependent on how we deal with this conflict . 
  you attack when you 've already won , you do not attack in order to win . 
   yea , they have a powerful propaganda machine but all we need to do is change putins mind and the propaganda show will follow . 
  putin is n't going to change his mind anytime soon . 
  how do you even plan on changing his mind ? 
  telling him your military scheme and the location of your 30.000 troops in the country in question ? 
  i 'm sure putin will soon start propagandizing a support for the legitimate government in kiev , instead of support for separatists that fight against the illegitimate government in kiev like he has . 
   well , russia is actively manufacturing a provocation to give an excuse to intervene in ukraine ; so russia is provoked whether the west intervened or not . 
  we know , but it does n't matter what we know . 
  russia is provoking us , but the russian population is told the exact opposite . 
  they think russia is actually defending russians against fascists in the ukraine . 
  this whole thing is not about what we think of it , but what the russian population thinks of it . 
  it 's much harder to get your country to do something if the population does n't agree . 
  not impossible , but harder . 
  the whole russian propaganda machine focuses in western and russian civilians . 
  the more of those think the west is provoking , the easier for russia . 
  it 's a pretty stupid argument to say :  they would never do that , they are n't that stupid . 
  but the point is : they could .
