  was n't it a guy people often call a real american that said :  do n't half ass two things , whole ass one thing and now you 're telling me , that you guys half assed both afghanistan and korea . 
  indeed of nothing had been done in korea , all would 've gone to shit . 
  but america did lose since they did not free the entire peninsula . 
  you ca n't liberate half the country call it quits and then pat yourself on the back . 
  the taliban government is gone , but the terrorism in afghanistan sure is n't . 
  what if us forces stopped halfway through my country ( the netherlands ) and stopped ? 
  we : half our country is still under nazi occupation . 
  you : well if nothing would 've been done , all would be under nazi occupation . 
  it 's true , but your still gigantic failing assholes . 
  you guys could 've liberated it all , but you only liberated half and now call yourself heroes . 
  esa is a different space organisation than the nasa or roscosmos . 
  the esa was specifically founded for science and earth observation . 
  it 's never been the goal of esa to send astronauts to space themselves and human spaceflight certainly is n't there main focus . 
  i 'm sure they wo n't do anything stupid . 
  the thing costed 100 billion dollars , there 's no way russia would let such an investment go to complete waste . 
   it did work in korea right , because the country did n't split up into dictatorial communist state and entire families were n't ripped apart because the did n't us fail to secure the entire peninsula . 
   and it will work in afghanistan yes , you guys have won a guerrilla war in afghanistan . 
  after your troops are gone in a few years ( they will leave eventually , even if the new president approves stationing ) there surely would n't be any violence anymore ( like in iraq ), 
  population does n't matter here . 
  it 's a relative problem . 
  if gun control does n't work , it should cause a higher death toll per 1.000 citizens . 
  gun control was instated and the relative amount of gun deaths dropped . 
   gun 's do n't people , people kill people . 
  a gun is as harmless is a pillow . 
  if that 's so , then why ca n't i take a gun on a plane , but i can take a pillow on a plane ? 
  the gun is just as likely to hijack the plane as the pillow , right ? 
  according to you , it 's just as safe for me to take a machine gun on a plane , as a pillow . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  it 's like saying : `` unsafe sex does n't cause aids , hiv does !, 
  so everybody , have as much unsafe sex as you want , just make sure you do n't get hiv ! '', 
  but we all know that unsafe sex is one of the things that can get you hiv and thus aids . 
  a gun is a million times more dangerous than a pillow . 
  i ca n't kill a dozen people within a few minutes with a pillow . 
  i can do that with a sub machine gun . 
   do we blame pencils for bad grammar ? 
  no but we do blame both pencils and eye stabbers if they are specifically designed to stab people in the eye and people use them to stab people in the eyes . 
  murderers and guns should be blamed , but only guns can be controlled . 
  insane people will always exist , the only thing you can do is try to keep dangerous weaponry out of their hands . 
  gun control will never be 100 % safe , but its safer than no gun control . 
  a nice piece about it :  then there 's the whole protection issue . 
  let 's take the recent tragedy in aurora , which is obviously why i 'm writing this piece . 
  the guy who opened fire on the theater was dressed from head to toe in swat gear , armed like rambo , and had the added bonus of a gas mask ( which came in very handy when he tear-gassed the whole audience ) . 
  the yahoos out there are saying `` if there 'd been someone there with a gun , it would have been a different story . 
  so do n't go takin ' our guns away ! ''  really ? 
   first , as far as i know , colorado allows you to carry firearms with a concealed weapons permit . 
   so ... where the fuck were all those gun-toting people ?!, 
   here are two facts for you :  1 -- it is completely legal to conceal a firearm in a movie theater in colorado , as long as you have a license ( which is easy enough to obtain ) . 
   2 -- you do n't need to know how to operate a gun , or demonstrate that ability , in order to own and carry a firearm . 
   so , let 's recap . 
  the current laws allowed there to be a slew of heroes `` packing heat '' in the audience that day . 
  the fact the there were n't any proves one thing : it means fuck all to have a gun if you 're not actually going to carry the damned thing . 
  and who takes a fucking gun to a movie theater anyway ? 
  if you saw a gun tucked into someone 's belt as they were in line for the dark knight rises tomorrow , you 'd shit a brick and call the police . 
  unless you had your own gun , which could result in a shootout and two dead `` heroes . ''  but if there actually had been a hero there with a gun , he or she was outgunned and would have had no way to combat the tear gas . 
  basically , firing a gun blindfolded into a crowd in the hope of hitting the target . 
   think that would have helped ? 
   what if 10 people there had been carrying ? 
  oh the joy of all those bullets going back and forth in a crowded place filled with innocent families . 
  maybe james holmes would have been hit , but how many others would have been shot in the process . 
   tell me i 'm wrong on any of that . 
  tell me you , with your gun , if you 'd been there , would have made a difference . 
   liar . 
   because we also have to realize that no one , not even you mr. tough fuy , knows how they will react in that kind of situation . 
  you could be a dead shot at the range , but those paper targets do n't fire back . 
  that movie theater was a night and day situation . 
  you 're under fire , unexpectedly , and the maniac has way more ammo and armor than you . 
   he 's ready . 
  you 're not . 
   when was the last time you were at the range ? 
  when did you practice ? 
  have you ever taken a life ? 
  could you ? 
  would you freeze ? 
  you do n't know . 
  not unless you 've had real training or seen combat , in which case , you 're not an average joe anyway . 
   lets say the fed outlaws all guns , what do you do with the millions in circulation ? 
  do you make people turn them in ? 
  do you criminalize current gun possession ? 
  we 've learned this with the war on drugs and the war on alcohol prohibition is not the answer . 
  why should peaceful law abiding citizens relinquish their rights because some ass hole goes on a shooting spree . 
  a ban of guns was successfully employed by the australian government . 
  weapons were confiscated and destroyed . 
  illegal gun possession was criminalized . 
   we 've learned this with the war on drugs and the war on alcohol prohibition is not the answer . 
  do n't compare guns to alcohol or drugs . 
   why should peaceful law abiding citizens relinquish their rights because some ass hole goes on a shooting spree . 
  because the world is n't a fairy tale where we can get a solution where everybody is satisfied . 
  `` we 've introduced a law that has no disadvantages ! '', 
  if this were possible we 'd already be living in utopia . 
  sad for the law abiding citizens , but this is real life and sometimes somethings can be ruined by assholes . 
  extreme example : the name adolf was ruined by one asshole . 
  you can complain all you want , but that name is not really acceptable anymore . 
  whether you like it or not . 
  he said that he would do it again . 
  so he most likely does n't regret it . 
   work [ wurk ]  noun  1 . exertion or effort directed to produce or accomplish something ; labor ; toil . 
   adjective  12 . operating ; producing effects , results , etc. 
   verb ( used without object )  19 . to act or operate effectively  verb ( used with object )  29 . to bring about ( any result ) by or as by work or effort a government works if it accomplishes its goal , a desired result . 
  a government 's goal must be to make decisions in the best interest of the people . 
  if a government fails to make decisions or it makes decisions that are n't in the best interest of the people , the government does n't accomplish its goal and the government does n't work .
