  and thank god nato and the united states military which backs it up has absolutely no effect or benefit in the european union 's negotiation with russia over the fate of eastern europe . 
  because , you know , hard power serves absolutely no purpose what-so-ever , right ? 
  the world revolves around soft power and anything can be done with soft power ... anything . 
  that great logic . 
  and the idea that a humanitarian intervention might be needed in somewhere like the balkans , or in a region with similar circumstances ? 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  fucking loony thought right , fit only for dumb americans and fools . 
  as stated earlier : you can only bring up subjects that are n't relevant . 
  mali and libya have nothing to do with eu defense policy or us troops placed in europe . 
  the balkan wars are relevant in the same way the mexico-us war is still relevant today . 
  there are still forces in kosovo to maintain the peace , but the american contribution to it currently is unnecessary since there are 2731 european nato soldiers present and 862 european non-nato soldiers against a mere 768 us soldiers . 
  this shows that the us is not needed in order to maintain peace in the balkans . 
  this leaves 0 use for american troops in europe . 
  they are n't used for any ongoing conflicts and war is far from likely in europe . 
   although you are right about glonass and compass , however i believe this was before they were implemented . 
  the first galileo satellite was launched in 2011 , glonass was operational in 1995 . 
   and we 're not controlling our allies . 
  we 're influencing them . 
  influencing is a whole other thing . 
  convincing countries to make their infrastructure vulnerable for attack takes more than ` influence ' . 
   we 're allowed to do this given the heavy role we play in europe 's defense & military ability ( libya & the late intervention in the balkans would 've never been possible without the united states ) . 
  because libya was much of threat to europe ... and what has the balkan got to do with this ? 
  i understand you intervened in 1998 , but this is 2014 . 
  unless another war breaks out ( not going to happen ) there is no reason to keep them here . 
  the balkan wars have nothing to do with the modern situation and are not an example of what might happen in the future . 
   our assistance was also critical , although much diminished in comparison to the other two , in mali . 
  because , you see , whether you like it or not , europe can not project power against well-armed and defended foes , hence they rely on us significantly through nato for power projection . 
  mali is n't relevant here . 
  mali does n't justify us troop placement in europe . 
  in order to get us help in mali , their soldiers do n't need to be stationed in europe . 
   if you do n't like this , fine . 
  increase military spending ( even if it 's at the expense of some social benefits if you are unable to handle the debt ) and integrate further into the european union militarily , as well as convincing the member states of the e.u. 
  to adopt a common foreign and defense policy , or better than all that , create an independent e.u. 
  military . 
  if you do n't want to do that , and you do n't want to sacrifice anything for more military spending , or if you just do n't want to increase your military spending because of principle ... well ... stop bitching . 
  and you decide this ? 
  if we want no us soldiers and no eu military then that is our choice , not yours . 
   because as of this moment , you are under a security umbrella funded by the united states , hence the influence we wield . 
  an umbrella is only useful in the rain . 
  it 's completely dry here in europe and there is no chance of any rain anytime soon . 
  we do n't need your troops . 
  what 's going to happen ? 
  are the soviets planning an invasion ? 
  or are the turks forging evil plans ? 
  i 'm bitching because there is unnecessary american influence and military presence in europe . 
  you americans need to give up the believe that having an overpowered military is a solution to anything . 
  name at least one thing , we would need your military 's help against . 
  edit : see , you ca n't name a single thing . 
  it 's not understandable since ` terrorists ' ( the same excuse is used when you confront americans with the nsa scandal ) will just use glonass , a global positioning system that the americans do not control or compass . 
  it 's another bullshit excuse for america to control it 's allies . 
  a majority is a majority , it does n't matter by how much . 
   because the opinion of the people may change and so do the results . 
  then the only solution is to just ignore the 55 % and stop the referendum . 
  as i said , you either follow the majority or you follow the minority . 
  there is no in between since not following the majority automatically becomes following the minority . 
  yes , american influence is what i 'm most afraid of as well . 
  the esa wanted to make an independent european gps system called galileo . 
  it would make the eu independent from america 's gps system . 
  but under pressure of the us ( including a us diplomat talking about shooting down galileo satellites with anti-satellite missiles ) , plans changed . 
  galileo now operates on a frequency that makes it prone for american scrambling  _ , 
  minority rule is something completely different than minority respecting . 
  respecting and not ignoring a minority , does n't mean that the minority should have a last say . 
  you can either be independent or not . 
  going for independence means majority rule . 
  not going for independence means minority rule . 
  while we 're at it , we might as well make the tea party rule america , even though they do not have a single seat . 
  in a working democracy : 55 % for independence = independence . 
  only in a non-democracy , the minority decides . 
  oh god you 're right . 
  let 's make the minority all powerfull . 
  if most catalans want independence , it is normal for them to get independence . 
  why should all of catalonia give up independence , because a minority does n't want to ? 
  antwerpen would still have a clear advantage . 
  it 's closer to the german/french industry and closer to the more economically important parts of the uk . 
  only ships from canada and the us would benefit from a port on that new piece of land , all other countries would sail for antwerpen . 
  yes , and together with scotland and ireland we 'll create a union . 
  the irescutch republic , or scoutchireland . 
  well ... fuck madrid then . 
  independence anyway . 
   obviously i know that this idea would be fatal to the dutch economy , i was just kidding in my initial post . 
  ( hence the ''  '' ) sarcasm should n't be used on the internet , since it ca n't be distinguished from being completely serious . 
  that 's a one-time occasion . 
  the loss of rotterdam is much more devastating than the gains from this project are profitable . 
  spoiler : ~ ~ how do you even confuse poland and west-germany ? ~ ~, 
  a.k.a destroy the dutch economy project . 
  it is an insult . 
  not a bad insult like using severe swear words or using diseases , but it is an insult nonetheless . 
  yeah , fair point there . 
  dawkins gets quite a lot of death threats actually . 
  it 's a mistake to think that there are n't christian lunatics out there . 
  a lot of people seem to care what dawkins says . 
   you should n't take it overly serious , like a certain frisian does that is an insult , no matter in what way you twist it . 
   i knew you were gon na read it so it 's not really behind your back either is it ? 
  it 's behind someone 's back if you 're saying it to someone else . 
  whispering to the person next to you that someone is an asshole is insulting behind his back , even if he can hear it . 
  in fact , that makes it even worse . 
   look how awesome i am , i am insulting people behind their backs haha . 
  the 5 is also pretty close to 4 , that does n't mean saying 2 + 2 = 5 in informal occasions is an acceptable thing . 
   well , now i have . 
  i found a supporting source for frisia as `` land of the free . '',
