  they 're doing enough wrong . 
  google is n't an angel . 
  if one company gets too much control , than that 's bad regardless of what they do . 
  google is scaring away competition on many fields , that 's good only for google . 
  what 's so disturbing about it ? 
   he is saying that they are stupid for allowing themselves to be victims of a crime . 
  we 're talking about the users here on reddit , not g\u00fcnther oettinger . 
  you said that reddit was blaming the victims , i said most people here are n't blaming the victims . 
  so do n't come up with ` but he said ' . 
  does n't matter what he said , we are n't talking about him . 
   it is textbook victim blaming . 
  my brother got his credit card information stolen should we blame him for trusting that the stores he used it at had a secure system ? 
  once again : most reddit users do n't blame the victim . 
  blaming someone is completely different from saying someone is stupid . 
  if someone is called stupid for falling for fraude , he is n't neccesariley blamed . 
  as / u/puhtzar said : nobody here is defending the people that stole the data . 
  however we have already talked about the hackers in the media a lot , there are investigations going on . 
  if your brother gave his credit card information to an asian/african sounding male with bad english , then i do n't blame him . 
  however if your brother did that , i 'd say he 's fucking retarded . 
  no one is blaming the victim . 
  we 're saying the victim should have been cautious . 
  cool story bro . 
   you are doing the same . 
  no , i am doing the exact opposite . 
  i defend anyone that thinks different . 
  you are the one who would rather stamp out the people who have a different culture in spain , in favour of a central culture . 
   your vision of catalans , basques , galicians ... is incomplete because people moves and spain is a melting pot of cultures , traditions and ideas . 
  you , nationalists , fail to understand that . 
  the world is also a melting point . 
  conclusion : countries do n't exist . 
  it 's a stupid conclusion . 
  spain is a melting pot of different ethnicities and cultures . 
  those cultures are in fact different . 
  catalan = !, 
  basque , basque = !, 
  galician . 
  spanish = basque + catalan + galician etcetera . 
  that 's right . 
  spanish = basque = catalan = galician etcetera . 
  that 's wrong . 
  catalans and the basques and all other spanish autonomous communities are different than the spanish in general . 
  if you ca n't get that , than there 's no point in even talking to you about this . 
  so unless you do : bye !, 
  note : i am not a nationalist , you are the nationalist . 
  you deny the existence of other cultures within spain and instead want one spanish identity . 
  that is nationalist . 
  no , because we fucked them over only a few decades ago , we should n't expect them to help us . 
  no , i did not . 
  that was the old kg system . 
  it was abandoned in favour of a different system in the 20th century . 
  the new system i described below the bit that you quoted me on . 
  a source does n't make it any less a fact . 
  it 's more credible , but that does n't matter here . 
  because if i said wikipedia people would n't have believed it any more than they do already . 
  not really . 
  you would make robots that can deal with any situation whilst doing what they do . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  a robot who 's purpose it is to repair other robots wo n't start destroying us . 
   getting people to accept to give up private property even partially seems also in the realm of science fiction  private property still exists , currency is given up . 
  a quick copy from wikipedia , because they compile it nice and easily . 
  it 's indeed from wikipedia . 
  i 'm not a physicist and i am not qualified any more than g_morgan on the subject . 
  this has nothing to do with the discussion at hand . 
  because the above is a fact , no matter where i got it from . 
  i am not confronting him on his statement that 1 dm ^ 3 of water is roughly 1 kg . 
  he 's right at that point . 
  1 kg is a very good estimate mass of 1 dm ^ 3 of water , 2 grams is not that important . 
  what i 'm arguing against is him saying that 1m ^ 3 is exactly a 1000 kg , which it is not . 
  he 's off by 2 kilograms there . 
  he is right that 1 dm ^ 3 is around 1 kg of water . 
  what i 'm talking about is him saying :  1 m ^ 3 of water is exactly 1000kg ) which it is not . 
  nothing in the metric system is defined with density in mind . 
  once they figured out the length of one meter , they calculated 1 dm ^ 3 and they filled 1 dm ^ 3 with water and said that that was exactly one litre and one kg . 
  the kilogram was later based on something else . 
  the international prototype kilogram ( ipk ) . 
  the ipk is made of a platinum alloy known as `` pt\u201110ir '' , which is 90 % platinum and 10 % iridium ( by mass ) and is machined into a right-circular cylinder ( height = diameter ) of 39.17 millimeters to minimize its surface area . 
  we base the kilogram on the ipk and found out , that 1 litre of water is not exactly 1 ipk . 
  modern measurements of vienna standard mean ocean water , which is pure distilled water with an isotopic composition representative of the average of the world 's oceans , show it has a density of 0.999975 \u00b1 1 \u00d7 10 \u2212 6 kg/l at its point of maximum density ( 3.984 \u00b0 c ) under one standard atmosphere ( 760 torr ) of pressure . 
  [ 27 ] thus , a cubic decimeter of water at its point of maximum density is only 25 parts per million less massive than the ipk ; that is to say , the 25 milligram difference shows that the scientists over 215 years ago managed to make the mass of the kilogram of the archives equal that of a cubic decimeter of water at 4 \u00b0 c , with a margin of error at most within the mass of a single excess grain of rice . 
   ( 1m3 of water is exactly 1000kg ) sorry , 1 dm ^ 3 equeals 0,998 kg . 
  so 1m ^ 3 is 998kg . 
   however what incentive will there be to keep the robots running if everything is free ? 
  robots will keep them running . 
  there is no need for a few owners and production facilities . 
  the robots repair , refuel and replicate themselves without any human intervention . 
  by the time robots take over every job , they no longer need to be build anyway . 
  you do n't want to give a right to every citizen . 
  what you advocated above was the denying of a right , to some of your citizens . 
  and with it denying their existence even . 
  spain = a collection of multiple peoples . 
  the catalans , basques , galicians etcetera . 
  by saying that the right of self-determination does not belong to them , but to all of spain , you 're denying the existence of their cultures . 
  you deny the local cultures basic rights , on behalf of ` spain ' . 
  franco had a same kind of policy . 
  i 'm quite the opposite of racist : i am saying that the basic rights should belong to all people , not only to the central culture . 
  holy shit . 
  i thought i made the word up . 
  but after some googling : http://www.reddit.com/r/technocommunism/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technological_utopianism https://www.google.com/search?q=techno-communism&amp;oq=techno-communism&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0.4887j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 shit . 
  ` neo ' simply means now . 
  neoliberalism is a very recent form of liberalism .
