   and some do n't , it averages out but the difference is that dictatorships have to deal with the costs of suppression , and therefore will lose . 
  but some have and it is that what we 're focusing on . 
  you ca n't base it on what happens in some cases . 
  a dictatorship applied well is better than a failing democracy . 
  just because some dictatorships are evil , does n't mean that all dictatorships are evil . 
   the thing is , a dictatorial system does n't give a fuck about who you 'd give power to . 
  so that 's a highly self-defeating statement what you make . 
  a dictatorial system can be put in place willingly and it can be removed . 
  the difference between a democracy is that in a dictatorial system the power is given to a small group or person and that decisions ca n't be opposed . 
  only in a few cases . 
  the fact that decisions ca n't be opposed does n't mean you ca n't create a dictatorial system in which a dictator can be put in and out of office without the corruption , power abuse and behind-the-scenes planning associated with the stereotypical dictatorship . 
   again , at that point it 's too late to disagree . 
  no it 's not . 
  if you apply a trias politica you can keep it in check . 
  if you create a juridical body that can remove dictators when they use excessive violence . 
  a separate juridical body can install a dictator removing the problems with succession . 
   democracy was gradually built up since the fall of the roman empire , it 's not something that is installed overnight . 
  the date at which voting rights we 're given did n't happen over the centuries , it happened in a few decades . 
  the netherlands has been a democracy since 1848 . 
  the 3rd of november 1848 the country became a parliamentary democracy when direct voting for the second chamber was installed . 
  i completely disagree . 
  most people disagree about what they want , so in that case trust in government would be impossible . 
  to gain trust , a government has to take into account the concerns of the people . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  it 's pretty clear what people are concerned about . 
  https://www.security.nl/posting/376081/nederlanders+meest+bezorgd+over+crisis+en+cyberaanvallen?channel=rss https://www.nn.nl/pers-1/persbericht/nn-zekerheidsindex-nederlanders-nauwelijks-zeker-over-toekomst.htm it 's pretty clear what people worry about the most . 
  the government successfully tackling these issues could immensely boost government trust . 
   making different decisions with the same methods will not increase trust in government . 
  it will if those decisions actually work . 
  if you can make a decision that leads to solution of problem that works , people do n't care how you decided . 
  i do n't care whether someone guessed the right solution or did a yearlong study around it . 
  the government needs to show that it can solve the problems the dutch people face in order to increase trust . 
  because that 's what government trust is . 
  believing that your government can solve the problems you face . 
  the world 's smallest violin you [ say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raltofl9f2w ), 
   they make decisions that are popular for the people that vote for them . 
  that 's the whole problem . 
  they do not govern to do good things , they govern in order to satisfy their own supporters group . 
  you build up a group of supporters , then you convince a lot of other people to vote for you so you can get more seats and then you govern in favor of that first group of supporters , instead of everyone who voted for you . 
   even then i would argue that some decisions that seem unpopular may actually be popular . 
  it 's just that the people who like it say nothing and people who do n't like it make lots of noise causing it to appear unpopular . 
  the effect this has is highly exaggerated . 
  the more popular something the government does , the higher the trust in that government . 
  why would n't you trust someone who governs in the way you expected of them when you voted ? 
  seems like the person that will keep his political promises . 
  the fact that government trust is at an all time low , shows that governments have been making unpopular decisions election after election . 
  every time a government rules , people accuse them of not fulfilling their promises . 
  that 's because they govern in the interest of their backbone , rather than the voters which they persuaded with empty political rhetoric . 
  then the next election , the people promise themselves to choose differently this time , but the same happens again , with a different coalition . 
  i 'm not fed up with parties . 
  i 'm fed up with the way we choose parties and the way those parties govern . 
  we choose parties based on what they promise us , instead on what they can achieve . 
  a small part of the voters actually delve deep into what an effect a party 's policies will have . 
  a party once chosen will govern based on their own opinions more than on scientific fact , even though it should be the other way around . 
  political parties should govern based on scientific fact , and only on opinion when moral and ethics enter the scene . 
  i do not want big responsibilities in the hands of the people . 
  they should be in the hands of experts . 
  ikkiesvooreerlijk is a nice party , but they definitely do not govern in the way i 'm arguing for . 
  it 's not . 
  there is a clear definition of ` working ' . 
   i think it just might not work for you . 
  i 'm talking about facts . 
  not what i think works , but about what the science and numbers tell us what works . 
  i do n't care if it works for me or not . 
  if you can show me the actual science that shows a couple of solutions that all work , i will choose one of them based on opinion and ditch all others . 
  there 's a big difference between moral question and scientific questions . 
  if the science shows that solutions a , c and f work , we will not employ solutions b , d and e and the people should choose between a , c and f. for a lot of things there is n't one function solution , i 'm saying that the government should consist of people that are experienced in their respective fields , so they can choose the best solutions and then the people can choose which solution they like the most . 
  currently the people choose which solutions ` work ' and the government decides which it likes the most . 
  for example : the pvv does n't believe in global warming . 
  i 'm saying that the government should accept global warming as fact ( because it is a fact ) whether the people like it or not . 
  then the government can create solutions for global warming . 
  a us politician said that windmills were slowing down wind and thus were warming the earth up . 
  conclusion : less windmills . 
  the government should state : that is absolute bullshit and we will not see this as a proper solution because the science clearly shows that this is n't true . 
  basically : it 's the government 's to choose working solutions based on scientific research . 
  it 's the people 's job to choose the one they like most out of those solutions . 
  not an abolishment of democracy , but a restriction on democracy so bullshit does n't reach political level . 
   as if dictatorships have better solutions . 
  the problem is not the type of government , it 's that humans are fallible . 
  some dictatorships have . 
  if you 're a dictator and you 're doing really good . 
  great . 
  but dictatorships often rely on violence , repression and that the son of the dictator will become leader on day . 
  obviously that does n't work . 
  i 'd give power to the system that can solve the problems our country faces . 
  i do n't care whether they are 100 % democratic or 100 % dictatorial . 
  as long as there is no excessive violence , the government gets in place through merit , not birthright and the government can solve problems effectively , i 'm okay with it . 
  humans are indeed the problem , the thing is : the way human groups behave never really changes . 
  you can change the general opinion , but you ca n't change how the group reacts to problems or changes . 
   you have n't been in other countries and other times . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  trust in government in democratic countries is higher than ever and elsewhere . 
  i have n't indeed , but we have the numbers . 
  trust in government is something that gets surveyed in most western countries and it has for decades . 
  i 'm not saying the trust is the lowest in the world , i 'm saying it 's the lowest we 've ever gotten since the start of our democracy . 
  trust in the government would be much higher if the government acted like we wanted , which is the goal of democracy as you said . 
  the fact that the trust in government shows that democracy does n't often succeed in giving the most popular solution . 
  http://www.survey-onderzoek.nl/pics/vertrouwen-eu2.jpg http://www.edelman.com/news/trust-in-government-plunges-to-historic-low/  no , the goal is not popularity , it 's acceptance . 
  it 's perfectly possible that people accept an unpopular solution because the democratic process did convince them it was the best solution anyway , or that anything else is n't possible for any reason so resistance is n't possible .
