  they do n't care about looking decades ahead and see if the eu is a good thing in the long run . 
  they only look at the current situation and think : `` is it being fixed ? '', 
  `` blame the politicians '' . 
   they praise themselves if something turns out well and they blame the eu if something goes wrong . 
  that scapegoating results in a negative image . 
  yeah no . 
  national politicians scapegoating the eu for every mistake plays a lot less of a role than you make it seem . 
  the reality is : the eu has created the situations in which the banking crisis and refugee crisis were possible . 
  i am not saying the eu is a terrible idea , i am not saying the eu caused these problems but , euroskeptics are right on a few fronts : no refugee crisis in western europe if schengen did n't exist . 
  no banking crisis if the euro did n't exist . 
  no matter how good the eu is in the long run for europeans , people will mostly look at whether these problems would 've been here if the eu had n't been here . 
  and the truth is : they would n't be here . 
  who is the face of the euro ? 
  who is the face of the schengen area ? 
  not the local/national politicians , but the eu . 
  so why would people blame situations created by schengen and the euro on their local politicians rather than eurocrats ? 
  sure , there might have been different ( and perhaps even bigger ) problems if the eu never existed . 
  but that 's all hypothetical . 
  `` hypothetical questions get hypothetical answers . '', 
  people do n't want hypothetical answers . 
  they want solutions and results . 
  the eu is n't delivering them at the moment . 
   but those crises were n't the fault of the eu does n't matter . 
  what does matter whether the eu can solve them . 
  that 's the only thing most people look at . 
  and for years it looked like the eu could n't solve the credit crisis , when the eu did start solving it , the refugee crisis started and the eu still is n't able to solve that one . 
   it 's all due to very strong anti-eu campaigning of a few groups . 
  i do n't think these groups are necessarily the problem . 
  support for the eu basically began to drop during the financial crisis , and when the economy started stabilising , the refugee crisis started . 
  i think it 's more the shitty times we currently live in ( politically speaking ) that caused a drop in support . 
  after the refugee crisis is gone , i 'm sure it will grow again , especially becaus younger generations tend to be more pro-eu . 
   when talking about the future , you rarely know what 'll actually come of anything , hence why you have to speculate . 
  of course , you can go from historical events and statistics , but these are , first of all , often conflicting we can pretty accurately predict the effect of policies a few decades in advance . 
  extreme policies like those suggested by populist parties are even easier to predict . 
   ( the western roman empire fell partly due to heavy immigration by the germanics ( not entirely sure if that 's the right word ) , while , on the other hand , refugees from the second world war , before and after have historically implemented themselves well into society . ), 
  you ca n't be more incorrect . 
  the roman empire fell because it was an empire . 
  empires always fall once they extend outside their homeland . 
  rome was doomed to fall , the moment the romans grew out of italy . 
  this happened over the span of centuries . 
  it was simply too big . 
  the refugees in ww2 fled to countries that were very much alike . 
  a german tribal culture and roman culture were very different . 
  by ww2 , western/central europe and north america were very much alike one another . 
  and most refugees that fled , returned to their homes pretty quickly . 
  after france was defeated , some refugees had made it to england , but most stayed in occupied france and then returned to their occupied homes in belgium , luxembourg , the netherlands etc. 
  they implemented themselves into society well , because they never migrated . 
  they fled for a couple of weeks to 5 years at most . 
  v for vendetta becoming a reality . 
  nor does the right . 
  well , except for elections , then they 're pretty disappointing . 
   cases like this should n't even be examined for more than 5 minutes by the judiciary . 
  since when is the amount a jurist having to look at a case like this inversely proportional to the freedom of speech ? 
   germany 's government had the chance to stop it , they did n't . 
  which would 've been hypocritical . 
  a government telling it 's judges to or to not prosecute independent of the law is the sort of thing erdogan is doing . 
  no , i would call wilders and le pen alt-right , but it is complicated . 
  i was going to have a whole wall of text here explaining alt-right , but alt-right is pretty hard to define . 
  alt-right is more a group of ideologies , rather than a single ideology . 
  best way i can define it here quickly is : neckbeards . 
  every ideology has it 's neckbeards . 
  left and progressives have `` sjw 's '' , right and conservatives have `` alt-right '' . 
  they 're the opposite and a right-wing reaction on sjw 's . 
  anti-feminist , not really pro-gay rights , often also against transgender rights , anti-political correctness , often classical liberal , anti-immigration anti-globalist . 
  now for example wilders : he is not very progressive or politically correct and anti-immigration , but on some topics he can be leftist even . 
  for example his economic policy : he promotes himself as the representative of the working man and he is in favour of more benefits to the elderly and to tax cuts for the poor ( not the rich ) . 
  he is a viable party to vote on for alt-right people , but a lot of alt-right people want a party that 's also right-wing on all other issues . 
  that 's why these new parties are popping up , they 're filling the gap between ` normal ' right-wing parties and extreme-right like wilders . 
  which is nothing new . 
  here in the netherlands alt-right parties are starting to gain a first foothold in the parliament . 
   that is exactly what is wrong . 
  thinking saddam hussein is sovereign but treating the greek referendum with contempt greek referendum ? 
  pretty sure the legal entity in greece that holds the sovereignty is the parliament/government , which choose to ignore the referendum ( which is their right ) and accept the conditions of the troika loan . 
   brexit with hostility but we never tried to subvert brexit . 
  we campaigned against it , but now that the decision is made we respect the uk 's choice even though we do n't like it . 
  we 'll negotiate and use any legal means to make the outcome as good for us as possible , which still does n't undermine british sovereignty . 
  so , basically you 've given three examples in which we respected a country 's sovereignty , but you 're still calling us hypocrites ? 
   and the european view on world history the usa seems to be lacking any kind of view on world history ... 
   who to believe , a large organization telling us why it did n't do anything wrong , or the wronged party ? 
  the large organisation . 
  innocent until proven quilty . 
  i know , but the majority of people focused on ` yes ' vs ` no ' , without looking at the turnout . 
  i did n't even realise until today that there was a minimum turnout required . 
  or so he claims . 
  the bbc said :  `` while the government 's new charter for the bbc does set us diversity targets , we always hire presenters on merit . 
  we 'd like to thank jon holmes for his contribution , but our comedy shows are constantly evolving and it was simply time to create opportunities for new regulars who to believe ? 
  one of the most respected news aggregates in the world about their own hiring policy , or a comedian who 's being laid off because the bbc does n't see any potential in him anymore ? 
  i would n't be surprised if the comedian is just being super salty . 
  no point in going against this typically reddit circlejerk . 
  downvote and moven on :p, 
   for the referendum to be valid , just over 50 percent of the electorate must cast a valid vote . 
  haha , forgive me for laughing , but after weeks of discussion about this , and everyone being certain the hungarians would vote ` no ' with a majority , it 's the turnout that kills it . 
   eh , have you heard of excommunication ? 
  that 's how you get a split off religion . 
  out of catholicism came protestantism . 
  islam is already split heavily in shia and sunni . 
  there is no top-imam like there is a top-priest aka pope , the religion has already been split , so ex-communication is impossible . 
   ut i 've read , that the netherlands are behind neighbouring countries we are last in the eu , except for malta and luxemburg :'), 
  you only need to hit one layer . 
  meet : [ dijkring 14 ] ( http://www.vizualism.com/wp-content/uploads/still_2011_05_ringdijk_14.png ) one dike protecting all of the hague , more than half of rotterdam and amsterdam , and everything in between .
