  i do n't know your problem , but you 're just trolling here , man ... 
  slyratchet knows a lot about this too . 
  he openly said he had only trimmed it , that is why i am now discussing with him without the article . 
  he is a good guy and i 'd love to discuss stuff with him . 
  just because you are a dick that happens to agree with him , does n't mean i think he is a dick too . 
   dude , calm down . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   so no , i think it 's entirely relevant to consider the esa 's likely approach to this . 
  obviously , but this does not mean as i said you can pretend any other space agencies ' approach is irrelevant . 
  you 're acting as if the esa is going to have the spend big money in order to get this of the ground , which is completely untrue . 
   so just because they are working on these technologies does not mean the actually plan to use them . 
  it does however mean that they are considering it , knowing beforehand that the money could be spend on earth observation and deep space exploration . 
  if those last two would be such a blockage to a lunar mission like you propose , then they would n't be really bothered to start developing these technologies . 
  http://www.esa.int/spaceinvideos/videos/2015/01/destination_moon http://www.theguardian.com/science/across-the-universe/2015/jan/20/esa-favours-moon-not-mars-for-next-manned-mission http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2920878/could-humans-live-dark-moon-esa-outlines-ambitious-vision-colonies-settle-lunar-surface.html http://esamultimedia.esa.int/multimedia/publications/esa_space_exploration_strategy/ http://www.esa.int/our_activities/human_spaceflight/calling_new_partners_for_exploring_the_moon_and_mars https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/files/05-huffenbach_moon-esa_exploration_strategy.pdf  if i were to say that jeff likes hamburgs , i 'm not denying the existence of the other 7 billion human beings , nor the existence of other food types . 
  you would be , if you 'd pretend jeff 's new found dislike of hamburgers crashed the fast food market . 
  esa would not need to get any impossible funding in order to get this of the ground , because it is an international project . 
  if some esa members do not want to give as much , this does not doom the project . 
  yes , esa 's willingness to fund is important , it is however dumb to use this as conclusive reasoning for saying a thing like this is impossible . 
   there 's no need to be so defensive . 
  what 's wrong with defending my point with arguments ? 
  is n't that the whole point of this subreddit ? 
  discussing points using arguments ? 
  you have n't . 
  you can not give me any tl ; dr of this article that correctly represents the article and that supports your reasoning . 
  because you have n't read it . 
   nd therefore the moon base would have to be prioritised over any other satellite projects which they are not going to do due to the limited returns , etc , that i already mentioned . 
  except there is no sign this is actual the case . 
  multiple space agencies as i have said are planning to do this already . 
  so apparently the ` limited returns ' are not stopping it , nor are space agencies currently sacrificing lunar missions in favour of deep space probes or earth observation . 
   additionally , you have to keep in mind the international climate that the iss was built in . 
  it was first launched in 1998 against the background of the dissolution of the soviet union and the end of the cold war . 
  russia is preparing the make a lunar base themselves . 
  we do not need to cooperate with russia , cooperation with the us is only needed . 
  which we already do , we 're building half of the orion spacecraft , the spacecraft destined to return to the moon . 
   the eu itself is fighting for the survival of the euro and by extension the eu itself . 
  there 's growing distrust amongst europeans and americans , and by both against their own governments due to the surveillance programmes and legacy of military deployments . 
  again , seriously , none of this has any sign of actually happening . 
  esa 's budget is increasing , even though the euro is in crisis . 
  a grexit will not harm esa in amount that would make any cooperation like this impossible . 
  the whole spying scandal or ttip or any military deployments , have not limited eu-us cooperation in space in anyway . 
  we 're building half of one of nasa 's biggest projects as i previously said . 
   as much as i would like to see a moon base happen , i do n't think it will . 
  which is fine , but your first reasoning behind it was pretty ignorant . 
  this comment was a whole lot better . 
  apparently you do n't . 
   and it 's a very nice fairytale , just a bit expensive and useless . 
  of course , when you do n't read the articles , it would be no suprise you think everything is a fairytale , 
  then you accept that your argument :  non of the countries which pay for the esa are going to want to find it . 
  it 's too expensive , too risky and the benefits are too long term . 
  is completely irrelevant ? 
  that argument only works if you assume esa is going to be something like a main contributor . 
   i do , however , know that the esa wo n't be particularly interested . 
  then you should read more , because your knowledge is a bit off there . 
  esa is one of the few space agencies already developing lunar base technologies . 
  they are one of the more interested in a project like this . 
   i think it 's pretty fair to focus on the european aspect of this story given where we are . 
  this however does not mean you can act and argue as if any other aspect does not exist . 
  except the international community is already doing it . 
  all major space agencies have a return to the moon on their schedules for the next 10 , 20 or 30 years . 
  the thing the new esa chief is saying that he wants to work towards a joint project , like the iss . 
   but they 're probably going to prioritise money towards things like satellites around earth or deep space probes which every space agency does , but this does not block any other kind of mission , just like the iss . 
  it is n't an esa project . 
  do you have any idea what the article is actually talking about ? 
  seriously people . 
  am i the only one who read the article ? 
  what makes you think he ca n't do what he said ? 
  nothing he said is anywhere near impossible . 
  up next : north korea joins western sanctions against russia . 
  both you and the guy above mentioned the blarney stone as something that is known , yet i have never heard of it . 
  10 % of it 's territory is actually located in europe . 
  kazakhstan is also said to be 50 % asian culturally and 50 % europe . 
  in some official things ( like football ) they act as a european country . 
  http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/middle_east_and_asia/asia_southern_pol_2004.jpg it 's not really in the middle , a country like bhutan is much closer to the actual middle . 
  it can be . 
  kazakhstan considers itself european sometimes . 
  the fact that the mods have allowed this post means that that makes a big topic like this relevant enough for it to be posted and makes it a little pointless te debate on kazakhstan 's europeaness . 
  does n't matter , officially they can claim europeaness . 
  whether most people here agree or not . 
   article 5 , in theory , in completely untested theory , specifies that european powers would have to band together to protect a fellow member . 
  not completely true , the us used article 5 in order to get european help in afghanistan . 
  the fact that turkey 's history is very much intertwined with armenia ( which is officially a european country ) and the balkan . 
   i see no way at all russia could have that happen and in any way remain a military power . 
  they would be strategically defeated before any potential future war ever even began which is complete bullshit . 
  nato and the eu want friendly relations and even want to join up with russia . 
  both russia and the eu were positive of this , until very recently . 
  nato was made to keep the ussr in check and bring peace to europe . 
  the ussr is gone , which leaves bringing peace the only objective . 
  if russia does n't want to cooperate to help achieve it , they should n't complain if we do it ourselves . 
  i speak : * dutch * english * german ( broken grammar though ) * frisian ( hard to find words ) i am learning : * japanese * french i want to learn : * chinese * russian * saterfrisian and north-frisian, 
   language is not an animal , it 's a communication tool . 
  it 's a communication method , not a tool . 
  your vocal chords would be the tool . 
   would you rather use a 50 year old phone or see one in a museum ? 
  i would use a completely modern one but keep the 50 year old phone because history is amazing . 
  i would also totally keep the 50 year old phone even though i have a modern phone if it has cultural/personal value to me . 
  minority languages often have that . 
  i shit you not , i have an old rotary phone here in the hallway . 
  the cord is almost completely worn off but it still works . 
  i often receive calls on it when i am upstairs ( the modern house phone is in the kitchen and i keep my mobile downstairs during the day ) or when i ca n't find the phone fast enough . 
  i do have to talk loud though , or the sound does n't get through .
