  it has highly influenced our culture , architecture , language etcetera . 
  latin is also the language of science . 
  i do n't think that corruption increases if the population size increases . 
  here in europe there are countries that have bigger populations , yet less corruption than others . 
  for example : germany is more populous than italy , yet the italian government is more corrupt than the german . 
  by the way , a big part of the eu is already like america as in politics . 
  they only big difference is that we 're more left-winged and have a larger diversity in parties . 
  i think that a main cause for the issues with the american government , is that it has only 2 parties . 
  in europe that would never happen because our voting system does n't really allow it . 
  british people do not not learn languages because they 're bad at it , they do not learn languages because a lot of them assume everyone else speaks english . 
  if no one spoke english , much more people in the uk would speak a different language . 
  also , do n't assume that 'll stop latin . 
  the eu already has a department focussing on introducing latin to europe . 
  my vote will always go out to mie . 
  it 's a language based upon the ancestor of all european languages . 
  a example phrase i got from a tutorial : wl\u0113j\u014d , prij\u0113sna . 
  eur\u014dp\u0101j\u00f3m didksk\u014d . 
  which means : i am fine , thanks . 
  i am learning european . 
  ... what ? 
  i have to say though , that the french are pretty forwarding their language as well ... 
  it 's a good idea , but i 'd rather have a european language that no other country has , such as latin or mie . 
  if latin was the official european language or mie , that would be so awesome . 
  not only can no country claim that the eu has their language as official language ( for example america and the uk ) , languages such as latin have use and a great cultural background . 
  i 'd love to see americans learn latin or mie instead of them constantly being `` everyone already speaks english bro . '', 
  yes they are similar , the german ` du ' is simply more similar to ` do ' , then ` thou ' . 
  did you know that south-africans are actually offended by people saying that israel practices apartheid . 
  what israel does does n't come close to the apartheid ... 
  kind of . 
  if they know his location they could get someone there to for example poison him or what . 
  the us has killed for less important stuff than this ... 
  if the us knows where snowden is , he will die . 
  whether he 's on russian soil or not . 
  they are not different statements . 
  norman french came from latin . 
  anglo-saxon came from germanic . 
  anglo-saxon was located in england , norman french in france . 
  anglo-saxon and norman-french together eventually become middle-english . 
  therefore english came from both germanic and latin . 
  thanks . 
  thus english evolved from germanic through the path you just wrote down , with influence from norman french and latin . 
  i 'm not dismissing any arguments based on person . 
  i 'm saying that the person that 's going to insult the other is the loser . 
  it does n't mean he is wrong or right , just that he 's a loser . 
   we do n't classify languages about how they look or sound but rather how they developed historically . 
  i 'm not classifying anything here or am i making any statements about that . 
  i agree 100 % to what you say about the relations between languages . 
  i am merely looking at what frisian looks and sounds like . 
  frisian sounds and looks more like dutch , i 'm not saying that they 're close related . 
  it 's like the ` i ' / ` ee ', 
  i think he means that because english has been influenced by latin and norman french a lot , the language does n't 100 % fit into either germanic or romance . 
  it 's a germanic language , but it looks kind of alien because of the giant french/latin influence . 
  did n't the celtic languages that were spoken on the british isles also influence the development of english ? 
   how do you measure closeness ? 
  these words are regardlessly going to overlap in closeness to the other germanic languages . 
  if a word is close to both english and dutch , then it is probably going to be close to german and possibly to swedish -- especially if that word was a loan into swedish from low german . 
  a small percentage of words look more like german/swedish than it looks like english/dutch . 
  for example the word ` barn ' which means child . 
  i hope you can see that that word does n't look like the dutch/german ` kind ' and english ` child ' . 
   and it looks like dutch and even middle english verb conjugation . 
  you 're not understanding the point . 
  frisian has a verb conjugation that has some parts swing more to the modern german side than to the english/dutch side . 
  for example the conjugation of to have ( and the word for ` you ' . ), 
  do hast ( fry ) = you have ( en ) du hast ( de ) = you have ( en ), 
  frisian is closer related to english than it does to dutch , but dutch has severely influenced it to the point that frisian right now is mutually understood with dutch . 
  linguistically it 's right next to english as you put it . 
   what do you even mean with a little bit of german ??? 
  i 'm generalizing here for the point . 
  let 's say that 49 % of words are close to english , 49 % is close to dutch and 2 % is more closer to german/swedish . 
  also frisian grammar looks a little bit like german with some verb conjugations . 
   you realize that those sounds make different sounds in different english dialects ? 
  yes , just realized that ea can also be pronounced like ee and such . 
  english and it 's phonetics ...  nope , yet again frisian is an ingvaeonic language whilst dutch is istvaeonic . 
  it 's more related to english , but through centuries of dutch influence it has been dutchified ( is that even a word ? ) . 
  if you look at language family tree 's , frisian and english are like brothers and dutch/german are nephews . 
  so that 's right , frisian is closer to english but , frisian now looks closer to dutch . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they have a majority in some regions and they have provided one mayor in the land . 
  they also have a shared seat in the senate . 
   indeed but i think wallonia has like 1 separatist party that does n't say anything about how active they are . 
   the east cantons have no separatists that i heard of at all . 
  the separatist movements of really small minorities are often very obscure . 
  like here in frisia , the nationalist parties are pretty large , but in most part of the country people do n't know much about them . 
  well it could be that most separatists live in other nordic countries and also claim that part of norway . 
  what could also be is like my country . 
  there are some frisian groups that want more autonomous control . 
  the fryske nasjonale partij has a couple hundred members and they are present in regional politics ( they have one mayor in our province ) if i told that to someone that comes from a different part of the netherlands or the same part of frysl\u00e2n as where i come from , they chances are big they do n't know such groups even exist . 
  it 's most likely that somewhere in norway there are separatists but that they 're very obscure . 
  the map shows the pieces land they claim , not the land where they are situated . 
  they may not be in norway , but they claim a large chunk of norway as theirs . 
  so sad to see that frisia is n't on there :(, 
  not most nationalist group but most active nationalist group . 
  it 's likely you ca n't study it in london . 
  only a few schools in the world teach it because it 's rather pointless to learn , and it 's mostly literature . 
  all people in frisia speak dutch/german , but not all people in frisia speak frisian . 
  if you want to learn it you must do that via home studies over the internet but sources are scarce , or order/import lesson books and cd 's . 
  i do n't think it 'll work as i understood it . 
  not responding now , my arms are getting sleepy from the amount of typing i just did in other subreddits lol . 
   can you even code anything more complex than a `` hello world '' ? 
  this is ridiculous .
