  hitler 's grave is known though , the soviets threw his burned remains in a river ( the volga i think ) . 
  i do n't know the source , but i remember a post about it here in which an economic article wrote about it . 
   the last crumbles of their dwindling currency reserve to save them . 
  russia 's reserves are growing ... 
   nowadays the dutch ambasador is the most influent we are relevant in romania ? 
   and that 's what would have most likely happened if we did n't declare war on the nazis . 
  and if it looked like the nazis were going to end up victorious the west could have just backstabbed them from a much more comfortable and prepared position . 
  you 're making a joke right ? 
   it was n't a wager yes , it was . 
   appeasement was a geopolitical strategy which was solid . 
  i am really not wasting any more time on this daladier . 
   i do n't know who was the fool who thought it a good idea to declare war on germany because the west could have simply let germany destroy itself fighting the soviet union ... what ? 
   however , i do n't see how this part of history extends to the present . 
  it is very simple , we 've got a major power that seeks to expand territory and influence aggressively , has threatened neighbouring countries and our allies , which you then wish to abandon . 
  the same happened in the thirties and in the thirties britain and french wagered that nothing would happen . 
  they lost that wager . 
  now you wish to make the exact same wager ? 
   a rivalry with russia is the last thing we need . 
  i know , a rivalry bred by russia is the last thing we need , but if russia decides to be aggressive , the only thing we can do is defend ourselves . 
   preparing for something that 's extremely unlikely is generally not considered a wise money spending policy . 
  neither is losing a war . 
   you 're comparing the thirties with the present , that 's rich . 
  well if the russians are going to act as if it is the thirties , let 's make sure we 're not going to make the same respond as in the thirties . 
   and even back then appeasement was not unreasonable . 
  easy there daladier . 
   it 's easy to point at the mistakes after the facts . 
  it 's also easy to then not make the same mistakes again . 
  mad , the wet dream of appeasers . 
  the ` dream ' part also means it most likely is n't true . 
  if it is an consolidation : i do n't like balkan food either ... 
  he 's like a civ 5 leader . 
  multiple other civilizations have attacked you and suddenly ama_deo denounces you because of warmongering . 
  neutrality or defence treaty , appeasement is still appeasement . 
  that does n't matter . 
  nobody knows the future , i do n't , you do n't . 
  assuming someone is n't going to do something with the reason being : `` well they could n't be that stupid ... '' is retarded . 
  you know what tzu said :  the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable . 
  or the european version :  si vis pacem , para bellum . 
   your comparing two different things i 'm not comparing anything . 
  i am only saying if we 're going to ban models because they 're too thin , we should also start banning models because they 're too thick . 
   it 's about being very unhealthy , deadly unhealthy which fits in more with anorexia most models that would be banned due to this policy are not deadly anorexic . 
  so apparently it is not about being deadly unhealthy , or otherwise the threshold would 've been lower . 
   if we are going off your definitions of what should be unhealthy than anything short of arnold swcharnegger would be banned . 
  no , if we are going off your definition of what should be unhealthy , than anything short of a whale would be banned . 
  do n't put words in other people 's mouths and other people wo n't put words in your mouth . 
   why are you so opposed to this ? 
  i am not opposed to it , i am in fact so in favour of this that i am saying we need to ban more models , include models that are too fat . 
  yeah , no one is going to break belgium and dutch neutrality !, 
  i 'm sick of the warmongering of drunkards like churchill . 
  oops . 
   this is the government not a day care center , it should be the most effecient thing possible . 
  and it should do that whilst considering everyone equal as well , which a policy like this is not contributing to . 
   no it is n't to you , equality would be banning obese people and anorexic people as they are both dangerously unhealthy on each side of the spectrum , not plus sized . 
  where did i exclude obese people ? 
  i am the one saying we need to ban both . 
   but there does n't have to be a ban on obese models because people already know it 's unhealthy , society sadly needs to be told the same about anorexia . 
  people also know it 's unhealthy to be anorexic . 
  if you 're going to tell society a thing it already knows , than at least be fair and tell them on things equally . 
   18 is considered undernourished by the wto ... oh wow , i am so malnourished . 
   it is pointless to ban both when one is n't a problem it is , but pointlessness should n't be a factor here , it 's about principle . 
   it 's basi `` waaaht abouuut them ! '', 
  finger pointing no it 's not , it 's called equality . 
  and ? 
  does n't matter if there is any influence whatsoever . 
  it 's about being fair , it 's about the principle , and being fair means banning models with a weight ` problem ' on either side of the spectrum , not just one . 
  believe it or not , but plus sized models exist . 
  if we 're going to ban models for their weight , ban the modelling on both end of the spectrum . 
  that 's fair . 
  the danes gave it to the french . 
  this is symbolized by greenland now carrying the french tricolour on time zone maps . 
  as a b\u00e8ta : planned neighbourhoods look awesome . 
  yep , sorry buddy . 
  the discussion closed 3 months ago . 
  try again next time , maybe you 're on time then . 
   globalization , westernization , post-modernism and `` liberalism '' really did wonders for the peace in the arab world , as well as in south america ... and they did , simply not enough in order to prevent other causes disturbing the peace . 
  thanks bro . 
  no , not retarded enough , 
   183 days are enough to find a job . 
  and if you do not work , then you are in fact a social parasite . 
  what ... ? 
  sure . 
  lol, 
   when he is not hating on usa except 1 ) : i do not hate on the usa , i hate on idiots like you acting like american stereotypes , i 've said it many times ( even though you put finger in your ear ) there are loads of awesome americans here , sadly some of them like to act out the stereotypical ` murican . 
  i know why you say this though , you saw that one thread in which i was talking to an american about them leaving nato . 
  2 ) i rarely talk about the usa . 
  3 ) i am only accusing brigaders of brigading . 
  might be the best for both greece and for europe . 
  we 've tried the current method for years now , time for a different approach . 
  haha , i also think the remindme bot is n't working because i picked such a far away date . 
   i never said that . 
  the example i gave was the opposite of that . 
  you did through your example . 
   the other cause being islam . 
  nope . 
   like i said , there are plenty of ethnic groups that are treated incomparably worse than european muslims , yet they do n't turn to the kind of extremism that isis , al-qaeda , boko haram , al-shabaab etc. 
  there are two common denominators for this kind of extremism , one social and one religious . 
  there are also muslim groups that are treated incomparably worse than european muslims , yet they do n't turn to the kind of extremism like isi , al-qaeda , boko haram and al-shabaab . 
  your example only works if you assume all muslims are extremists , which is n't the case . 
  there is one denominator for this kind of extremism : a social one . 
   i do n't know of any significant muslim populations in any western countries who have embraced these ideals .
