  hitler 's invasion of the ussr came as a surprise . 
  if you were there and you had signed the ribbentrop , hitler would 've backstabbed you , not the other way around . 
   with everyone else waiting for nazis and bolsheviks to exhaust each other . 
  except this is what stalin tried , wait for the nazis and the west to fight it off and exhaust each other . 
  participating in the phony war is considerably better than helping germany . 
  you can call the english and french whatever you want , at least they did n't join hitler . 
   i dunno , by crushing poland and moving german border all way east ? 
  historians agree the partition of poland helped germany , since it gave germany a common border with the soviet-union they could launch operation barbarossa from . 
   so you say that there is no guarantees in life , but you are sure that coalition would have been 100 % made . 
  so nice . 
  eehhm , i am 100 % sure the coalition would win the war ... because it won the war ... 
  to be honest : we do n't . 
  military intervention because of humanitarian reasons can be justified without un backing . 
  libya 's situation is justifying enough i think . 
  the us has also done military interventions without un backing , so ... 
  yes and no . 
  if the dutch coffee shop was causing a humanitarian crisis , military intervention can actually be justified without un backing . 
   no it does n't . 
  that 's a massive fucking violation of international law . 
  you ca n't attack another country because refugees are fleeing from there . 
  in what fucking bizarro world does that make sense ? 
  actually you can . 
  nations can use military intervention without un approval if it is done in order to stop a humanitarian crisis . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humanitarian_intervention#examples_of_military_humanitarian_intervention thousands of men , women and children drowning trying to cross into europe , libya 's government without full control of the country and is getting a foothold in libya seems like a legitimate humanitarian crisis to me . 
  the worst is probably something like douwe . 
  in dutch the verb ` douwen ' means ` to push ' or ` to thrust ' . 
  this allows for a lot of euphemisms ... 
  in spoken dutch , the 'n' in ` douwen ' is a bit silent , so it is pronounced pretty much the same as ` douwe ' . 
   and i 'm not defending racists , i 'm judging haters . 
   is it okay to hate because of opinion , but not biology ? 
  right ... so , you claim to target haters in general and not defending racists . 
  yet here you defend hating on biology . 
   which means if racists start to murder people , then anti-racists will do the same . 
  lol sure . 
  keep dreaming . 
   you 're slow , ignorant and boring to discuss with . 
  you 're bot-trick is amazingly cringing and i find it difficult to believe you have friends or a future . 
  k. coming from someone who judges ` haters ' for a hobby . 
   this discussion is over . 
  have a nice day . 
  thank you , 
   are you delusional ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if you 're going to defend racists up to the point where you say that hating racists is the same logic as hating people with other skin colours , i can only asume you are in fact racist . 
   by this logic we should start killing racists then ... oh ? 
  how come ? 
   ah , so all racists are murderers now ?!, 
  no , but raist opinions can give rise to murder . 
  having a higher amount of melanine in your skin does not . 
   pff ... 
  please fuck off dear troll cunt . 
  said the self-proclaimed racist . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the first thing can gas a couple million jews , the second one ca n't do shit . 
   if / r/coontown is not a red flag on here any more , may be it is best if i retire myself from this sub . 
  : / it is , but it is irrelevant here . 
  / u/fredefup is n't here , so why is the fact that he is subsribed to / r/coontown relevant here ? 
   true , but hating someone because they hate some just seems ... odd . 
  what , as opposed to hating someone because they have a higher amount of melanine in their skin ? 
  chopski salad is serbian !, 
  sure pal . 
   do you think the british public will vote to stay or leave ? 
  lately polls have more often resulted in a majority in favour of staying and when the actual referendum happens a lot of people will most likely pick to keep the status quo anyway . 
  that also happened in the scottish referendum , on the final day the side that wanted to keep the status quo soared . 
   i 'm not saying there should be policies specifically targeting certain ethnic/religious groups ( although it might be a good idea , for instance with the counceling we 're already doing ) . 
  you are however saying that it is important to include it in the story , yet doing that influences people 's opinion and encourages people to pay more attention to the race of the suspects . 
  you 're not advocating racist policies , but you are encouraging them this way . 
  so no , race or country of origin is irrelevant . 
   your point about males does n't make sense since a ) the article already mentions they 're males and b ) we already have special male prisons among other sex based policies . 
  come on , do n't be so dense . 
  the prison thing is because of a european tradition of splitting males and females , not because the authorities want to fight the high crime rates under males in order to bring those down more to the level of that of women . 
  the point makes sense because if a policy did focus on men , it would be sexist , yet here you are encouraging policies focusing on ethnicity . 
  the article can mention that they 're males since there is a lot less incentive in our society to treat males different because of it . 
  it should n't mention ethnicity because in our society it most surely happens that some ethnicities are treated differently . 
  whether the suspect is male or not influences people 's view of the issue a lot less than whether the suspect is native danish or not . 
   muslims do have a much higher crime rate than native danes and this means that the culture is relevant to the story . 
  except it is n't . 
  focus on fighting crime everywhere and by all criminals . 
  saying that some groups have higher crime rates ( overall crime rates are at an all time low , so why does it even matter ) encourages focusing policies on certain ethnic/religious groups , which is racist . 
  just combat assholes overall , do n't focus on certain assholes . 
  and look at what naurgal says below . 
  males also have a higher crime rate than women , should we make special policies regarding men ? 
  no , of course not . 
   similar , if police officers suddenly began to be a lot more violent , you would want the public to know , right ? 
  yes , because the police officers are public figures that are supposed to protect us . 
  muslims are n't public servants , so comparing them to police men make little sense . 
  i did part of my german exam in germany through a weekend exchange program . 
  our teacher warned us for tea culture . 
  but why are your cup ears so small ? 
  they were laughing at me because i had to hold it with two hands . 
  ( hope the grammar turned out somewhat okay ), 
  oh you east frisians and your tea . 
  * someone who 's not native to the country is involved in a crime * let 's bring up multiculturalism for the xth time !, 
  maybe we should treat crimes as crimes and criminals as criminals , without bothering what skin colour the perpetrators have and hijack the discussion in order to steer it towards immigration policy . 
  think again . 
  ( obvious troll is obvious ), 
  yes , but seeing as we 're talking about an entire population this is irrelevant . 
  bmi does n't take into account muscle mass , but i 'm 100 % sure that europe is n't getting more ripped . 
  since the amount of overweight people thanks to fat instead of muscle is higher , you can state that if a country 's average bmi increases , it gets fatter , not more muscular . 
  we 've had a few ama 's ( last one i remember was a partymember of the greens/eva ) , maybe some kept their accounts ?
