  it is n't just africa 's population growing tough . 
  we 're expecting to hit anywhere between 8 billion and 12 billion people worldwide in the next century , compared to 7 billion in 2011 . 
  the fact that the majority of russians are supportive of putin , makes it no shame at all . 
  in fact , the sanctions are aimed at russian companies and the overall russian economy , not putin himself . 
  the russians are n't collateral damage , they 're the target . 
  putin can not keep his policies up if those policies damage the people and plutocrats that put him in power . 
  nope . 
  hippies are anti-materialistic and anti-establishment . 
  i am very materialistic . 
  hij is vast een hippie ! '', 
  you 're logic falters a bit there friend . 
  equality in communism is a complete equal distribution of wealth and destroying the upper classes . 
  so no , i am not a communist , since i do not desire a complete equality of wealth . 
  i do however desire equality for all ethnic groups , people , genders , religions etc. 
  and this is not a characteristic of communism . 
  being a ` patriot ' , hating minorities , racism and xenophobia are characteristics of neo-nazism however . 
  nothing happened to it . 
  i call you a neo-nazi , does n't mean i decide you are a neo-nazi . 
   i am not a neo-nazi , i am a patriot and conservative but in your little echo chamber that must totally be a nazi . 
  those are not mutually exclusive . 
  yes , you are a ` patriot ' and you are a ` conservative ' , but so are neo-nazis . 
  you make neo-nazi statements and express neo-nazi thoughts . 
  maybe you do n't see yourself as a nazi , your acts speak otherwise . 
  you 're correct again . 
  changed it to ideology . 
  the difference between you and me is mostly that you 're a neo-nazi and i am not . 
  i do n't feel insecure about my ideology , but you 're very right in that i try to turn people against the alternative ideology : nazism . 
  not all ideologies that oppose mine are bad , but all ideologies related to anti-semitism , racism , xenophobia and hate are . 
  your 's just happens to fit into that category  . 
  also , bit of self-reflection needed ? 
  apparently i am turning people against all alternative opinions to my own . 
  yet everyone who does n't agree with you must be against all other ideologies they do n't agree with . 
  yeah you have , you are right again , and i am calling you out on your shitty legal ideology that you expressed with free speech . 
  i 'm not limiting the right to free speech , i am only giving people here information here so they can decides themselves ( as is their right , do n't you agree ? ), 
  what to think of your legal ideology . 
  people do not have to listen to your opinion , and i 'm giving them what they might want to help decide . 
  you 're right again , keep it up einstein . 
  i 'm calling you out on your shit , but i am also just giving my opinion on what to call you so others can decide myself . 
  you are completely correct here . 
  neo-nazis do not fit my political narrative , nor should they fit the political narrative of anyone sane and setting up a circlejerk against people like that is exactly what i want . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/36j55d/europe_is_doomed/ ah yes , this kind of guy . 
  http://i.imgur.com/qktonpv.png just so you all know with what kind of shit you 're dealing with . 
  i would reflect on it if i would n't be downvoted simply for my opinion and if the other side treated me with respect . 
  i will put my finger in my ears , as long as i 'll be shouted down for having an opinion . 
  if you want to discuss immigration so badly , why are you here discussing with us what we should discuss ? 
  and here we see the kind of comment that destroys these immigration threads : `` everyone who disagrees with me is unreasonable and i 'm right '' and it gets upvoted . 
  if you want a good reflection of why / r/europe has gone to the drain , look no further . 
   so stop whining and participate . 
  if the right wants the left to participate , it should stop acting like the left ca n't debate . 
  the only one preventing me from participating is the fact that immigration threads always results in shitposting from the far right . 
  if the anti-immigration wants to discuss the problem so badly , they should prevent their extreme side from getting ahead . 
  people really need to stop this . 
  whenever someone downright hates against migrants/refugees from outside europe and you tell them to be more civil : `` oh , so everyone who disagrees with you is a racist ? '', 
  everyone who is a racist is a racist , and if you make a hate comment regardless topic you are one . 
  i was n't talking about it . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that you said this :  you guys are losing the argument so badly on immigration you must pretend every time users disagree with you there is some brigade going on . 
  and  its kinda funny to watch some people on this subreddit cause as soon as there is a negative comment regarding refugees/immigrants well then it must because stormfront are raiding us again . 
  i agree with you if you say : one anti-immigration comment does n't mean brigading . 
  however this guy made a blatant hate comment , so how do you know ` us guys ' pretend there is a brigade going on when someone disagrees with us . 
  to me it seems more like that ` we ' pretend there is a brigade going on when someone makes a hate comment . 
  there 's a big difference between it . 
  if he 'd make a standard anti-immigration comment i would just leave it , everyone 's opinion to themselves . 
  so i think it 's really weird you 're making assumptions about the pro-immigration side . 
  i 'd say he 's proof of something , not because he is against immigration , but because how he is against it . 
  he did n't just disagree , he made blatant extremist remakes . 
  contrary to stormfront belief , you do n't have to be pro immigration in order to be against hate . 
  you 'll be surprised by how many non-racist people are against immigration . 
  the deleted user above was n't . 
  quality posting, 
  that would n't necessarily be a bad thing . 
  the turkish-syrian border is a lot easier to control than the bosporus . 
  right now many of the eu citizens that join isis and terrorist groups in syria and iraq do so by flying to turkey first . 
  turkey inside the eu would give the eu and it 's member states the possibility to more effectively tackle this . 
  tip : you can message / u/infiltration _ bot the username of a person , and they will send you a message back with a quick overview of all the shady subreddits they visit , shortened links to their posts and comments in those subreddits and their karma on all respective subreddits . 
   i thought they were assimilated into society or deported depending on whether they 're granted asylum or not . 
  they ca n't be deported or be allowed to walk around free whilst their asylum request is being looked at . 
  so they stay in refugee centres until they hear what has been decided . 
  / r/europe quality posting right here people . 
   no , you are using the argument that as they are geographically in europe any culture they have or adapt is thereby european too , when it is n't . 
  yes and you 're using the argument that my argument is incorrect . 
  well done . 
  then what is the criteria for ` european culture ' , if ` originating from europe ' is n't one of them ? 
   and on the whole , european culture is a part of western culture says who ? 
  russian culture is european , but many people do n't see it as ` western ' . 
  you do not have to belong to the west in order to be able to call yourself european . 
  that 's what i said . 
  ` european culture ' is considered western , azerbaijani culture is n't western at all . 
  but still , ` european culture ' is culture that comes from europe . 
  if azerbaijan is in europe , it 's culture is thus from europe and thus it is european . 
  nope . 
  it is officially recognized as located in europe . 
  so officially european as in location ? 
  yes . 
  fixed it . 
  well if it changes throughout the year , you could change the country on it every month or something . 
  or perhaps you could only change the header to something like it during special events like independence days . 
  an idea for the header : maybe something like / r/thenetherlands has ? 
  it 's a wide panorama picture that changes throughout the year . 
  in this thread you can find some headers we 've had previously : http://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/2f46pw/urban_header_contest_submit_an_image_for_our/, 
  the version of officially recognized as european by the council of europe ( which represents every european country ) and many democratically elected governments in europe .
