  nope , but it is more preferable than by solving it like isis would . 
   if they die , they die , implies that no further action should be taken to protect them , but none to hurt them either . 
  that is still illegal . 
  it is illegal to not assist people in the event of an emergency . 
  turning a blind eye when people are in need of help is also manslaughter . 
   just send them back . 
  ca n't , international treaties . 
   also , no , murderers should simply be put to death . 
  have you considered joining isis ? 
  your ideologies are n't far apart . 
  they 'll have more than enough people for you to put to death there . 
   and if they die , they die . 
  oops . 
  you suggested we should indulge in manslaughter , and if manslaughter is done with intention , it is narrowly separated from murder . 
   they took the risk to come , but europe has no duty to protect murderers . 
  it has the duty to protect people , and yes , even murderers are people , just like the vast majority of refugees that are n't murderers and you want to manslaughter as well . 
   i honestly do . 
  i know you do , i was referring to us all when i said ` you 're already suggesting you want to send away as many as you can if you call it a deportation centre ' . 
  and as i said , we ca n't do make something with the intention of sending people away the moment they arrive . 
  international treaties . 
   its fine . 
  but the problem will continue . 
  and can the southern countries , already with massive employment problems , shelter the burden ? 
  irrelevant . 
  economic gain should never get above human life . 
  you are suggesting we should kill people . 
  you did n't kill anyone , but you do want to . 
  so we should n't afford human decency to you , since you do not respect humans ? 
  we 're being the good guys , what is wrong with being the good guys ? 
  treat others like you would want to be treated , no matter how they treat you . 
  that is the feeding ground for a just and peaceful society . 
   establishing a deportation center on the north african coast seems like a good idea . 
  yes and no . 
  build a refugee camp there where it can be determined whether they can enter europe , not a deportation centre . 
  by calling it a deportation centre you 're already suggesting you want to send away as many as you can , which we should n't since we have to determine for each case whether they can apply to stay . 
   but really , as long as they know europe will accept them , they will keep coming . 
  yes and as i said : not letting them in and determine whether they can say , but instead sending them away the moment they arrive is violating international treaties . 
  good on you , but as long as we abide by un treaties we can not send refugees to other countries until we 've determined they ca n't stay here . 
  period . 
  whether you disagree or not . 
  since when is everyone automatically granted citizenship once they set foot here ? 
  there 's no way they 're going to able to receive citizenship after having murdered thirteen people . 
   how can people not see that these people are just coming to europe to leech off the productivity of europeans . 
  i do n't see it because i am blind to things that are not there . 
   they do n't give a fuck about europe or the people living there what ? 
  in the same sense a lot of us do n't give a fuck about their places of origin or the people living there ? 
   why do n't we only take christian refugees and send the muslims to the wealthy gulf states ? 
  because the gulf states do not want that ? 
  you can only send people back to the countries they originate from , you ca n't send them to other countries . 
  countries like the gulf states have their own policies of allowing people in . 
  this thread . 
  let 's play spot the / r/european regular !, 
  and then in the same show he says they 're doing nothing that even comes close to restoring the empire , that they are having no intentions of such and that the americans and europeans need vassals . 
  that evens it out i guess . 
   as already said you can already study some regional languages in school and make it a plus in job market . 
  studying in schools is not the whole point . 
  speakers of the languages must be free to use it in official establishments like courts and such . 
  what is taught in school is less important . 
   the governement is not repressing languages anymore and why would he push for more uses of those languages when few are asking for it ? 
  it 's not doing anything to repair the damage either . 
  also , your democracy is fucked up if you first need to demand something before the government actually acts . 
  it is a sad thought that the french first need to be oppressed before they do anything . 
  there is , you 're simply not willing too . 
  yeah !, 
  damn modern politicians , not prepared to repair anything damaged by 19th century politicians . 
  and once again somebody decides to join a conversation whilst not even knowing what the other said . 
   i did n't say `` massively '' . 
  what do you consider ` significantly ' . 
  do n't hold people mistaking your words against them if you use very vague ones . 
   honestly i do n't think the french government would be opposed to preserve regional language if the demand was there again , you demand that there is a ` significant ' demand to begin with . 
   because meeting speakers of regional languages is just so rare that it has never happened to me in 30 years living in various places in france , and it does n't seem that the few remaining speakers are demanding anything . 
  it seems to me that the only people who are outraged about this seem to be foreigners who think regional languages in france are like in , say , italy , where you actually commonly meet people whose native language is a regional language . 
  it seems , seems , it seems . 
  stop assuming things over people you do not meet . 
  you said it yourself : meeting speakers of regional languages is rare . 
  i shall then once again refer to my point : just because you do not notice a problem , does n't mean there is n't . 
  just because you do not hear people cry for a solution to a problem , does n't mean you should n't find a solution . 
   it seems to me that the only people who are outraged about this seem to be foreigners who think regional languages in france are like in , say , italy , where you actually commonly meet people whose native language is a regional language . 
  yes , because they 're the only ones you have contact with . 
  speak to a couple thousand bretons , see if foreigners are the only ones having an opinion on this . 
  this is a multinational/multilingual subreddit , most people here care about diversity . 
  you 've spoken to more people here than you have spoken to members of language minorities , of course you 're going to hear more about it from foreigners . 
   but we are way beyond a minority here , which is what i do n't really think you understand . 
  there are probably way more speakers of arabic or italian than there are native speakers of regional languages in france . 
  there are way more chinese speakers in the world than french . 
  let 's abandon french ? 
  does n't matter how many immigrants take their languages with them to france , the countries they came from make more than enough effort to protect the languages in question and offer a place for speakers of a language to return to . 
  the same luxury is n't there for people speaking native languages in europe . 
  comparing your native minorities to foreign minorities is insane , the foreign minorities do n't have to worry about their heritage . 
  there are entire governments dedicated to preserving their languages , those people have sovereignty somewhere . 
  the native minorities here are completely dependent on a state/government that is not dedicated to them . 
   what do you plan we do ? 
  teach kids about languages that have n't been natively spoken by anyone they 'll ever meet , in an attempt to `` preserve '' languages ? 
  do you really think you can recreate a culture artificially like that ? 
  do you really think local people want that ? 
  most laws regarding the protection of minority languages , do not involve schools at all . 
  most laws made in order to protect them create opportunities for the language to be used . 
  for example , frisians have the right to speak frisian at official establishments ( in court for example ) and that establishment is required to provide a translator . 
  wales is doing the same , making sure welsh speaking people can do their business at the town hall in welsh by requiring that there is at least someone available that can understand welsh . 
  that is what local people want .
