  you can click on it and add german to it . 
  if you select german , ; becomes \u00f6 , ' becomes \u00e4 , [ becomes \u00fc and - becomes \u00df . beware though . 
  changing it to german turns the y into a z and the z into a y. 
  otherwise zou will be talking like this . 
  in the early days of the democracy of the netherlands , a tramp ( called cornelis de gelder , nickname : ` had-je-me-maar ' ) started his own program : drinks for everybody in amsterdam and legal hunting/fishing in the local park . 
  they got 1 seat in the local council . 
  he never did anything , he was arrested for public drunkenness not long after the elections . 
  his second-in-command took over . 
  the stories say that this guy never did anything in the council except asking if the window could be shut , because it was draughty . 
  in a lot of places copyright extends well beyond the life of the original creator . 
  star wars is copyrighted until 2072 . 
  george lucas will be 128 years old then :p, 
   in this difficult situation , germany would like to emphasize the urgency of its appeal to hold the world cup 2006 in germany . 
   let me come straight to the point : in appreciation of your support we would like to offer you a small gift for your vote in favor of germany : a fine basket with specialties from the black forest , including some really good sausages , ham and -- hold on to your seat -- a wonderful kukuclock !, 
  and a beer mug , too !, 
  do we leave you any choice ? 
   we trust in the wisdom of your decision tomorrow , sincerely yours  martin sonneborn secretary tdes i 'm crying . 
  edit : my god , this is on their website :  was die etablierten parteien jetzt tun m\u00fcssen :  * aufpassen , da\u00df sie nicht unter die r\u00e4der kommen  * europa im auge behalten  * sich neu erfinden  * polarisieren , ohne dem extremismus in die h\u00e4nde zu spielen  * schnellstens die flinte ins korn werfen  * papst franziskus erw\u00fcrgen translated :  what the established parties should do now :  * making sure that they are not trampled  * keeping their e yes on europe  * inventing themselves again . 
   * polarizing without giving the extremists opportunities  * strangling pope francis oh my god . 
  i wanted to comment about how germany seemed to move towards a two-party system , but then i noticed you had to start at the bottom  _ , 
   but why is the opinion of the people who changed their minds worth more than that of those that voted the same ? 
  because it shows that the people believe less in the losing party and more in the winning party . 
  if a loses voters and b wins voters , it shows that the voters agree more with b than they did before . 
  thus is it shows that the people agreed less with a than they did before . 
  because it shows how the opinion of the people has changed since last elections , which shows what they want and thus it shows how politicians might govern europa coming 5 years . 
  polandball saves the day : [ derp ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131229103851/polandball/images/b/be/switzerland_comic.png ) [ herp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xgou228.png ), 
  i was actually suprised when i was watching euronews and saw communist symbols in the logo 's of parties from for example cyprus . 
  i never knew communism was still such a big deal . 
  that 's not my problem . 
   i dunno , even if we had 40 ford class carriers i doubt we ( dutch/west-europeans ) would care enough about ukraine to intervene . 
  putin knows we do n't care . 
  intervention would n't necessarily be necessary , even sending a couple ships to the black sea would have an effect . 
  even if we did n't , having ships and willfully not using them would still be preferable over not using them simply because you do n't have them . 
   there were no enemy ships and russian ships can always cross our waters . 
  not escorting the barely serviceable kuznetzov also sends a message of course . 
  russians ships are most definitely enemies . 
  not a direct ` we-are-at-war ' kind of enemy , but they are n't friendly and that ship did n't pass the waters for a neutral mission . 
  the ship was assisting the annexation of territory of a country that we were trying to back . 
  a hostile move . 
  this ship was n't just passing through for an average patrol . 
  we allowed a warship through our waters , of our biggest rival , on it 's way on a hostile mission . 
   not escorting the barely serviceable kuznetzov also sends a message of course . 
  well , there 's a big difference between : * not sending ships because you do n't want to and * not sending ships because you ca n't in the first case it would 've sent the message : we really do n't give a shit . 
  the second case sends the message : we would like to give a shit , but we ca n't . 
  are you suggesting there 's no free trade ? 
   well , fortunately , enemy ships did not pass through your waters . 
  russia 's not your enemy . 
  the netherlands does n't have any real enemies . 
  russia is hostile enough to be called enemy . 
  they 're not our friends and they are n't neutral either . 
  sending a ship through our waters in order to assist in an illegal infiltration of a country we back is neither friendly or neutral , it 's hostile . 
  the only reason there 's been no war whatsoever is because of mad , economic reasons and/or the fact that the russian army is n't capable of winning a war with the nato . 
   even so , no one 's going to touch a nato country . 
  no one will but that 's not the point . 
  it 's never a good idea to let other hostile countries cross your waters without having any ships near . 
  if the us did that it would be an absolute disgrace . 
   your government instead invests money into its people . 
  i 'd be happy that your government has essentially a `` free defense force '' financed by other countries . 
  funding our military a little more will have no serious effect on the state of the people . 
  do you even have the slightest idea of how underfunded our military is ? 
  even a budget increase of 0,0001 % would do miracles . 
   who cares whether they are `` in sight '' ? 
  there are at least two diesel-subs in range at all times that can sink that entire flotilla if it misbehaves . 
  would shadowing it with a p-3 be ok with you ? 
  still no ship in sight , but at least we are listening right ? 
  this is n't about defending ourselves . 
  i have no doubt we could defend ourselves against a single aircraft carrier , but this is about sending a message . 
  why was putin pushing so far ? 
  because he knows that the west has no balls . 
  if enemy ships can simply cross your waters , it will send out a very bad message . 
  our military is already regarded as a joke , we do n't need more damage to our status . 
  yet russian warships pass our waters without a single dutch ship in sight . 
  that 's not patrolling your own waters , whether the coastguard boarded your yacht or not . 
   there was a time when the eu was a free-trade area . 
  it still is . 
  i never said it 's a threat . 
  i said that it 's a really bad sign if enemy ships can cross our waters without even one escort ship . 
  if your budget results in you not being able to patrol your own waters , there 's obviously something wrong with your budget . 
   front national : 25 % ouch . 
  this whole military budget cutting is really getting out of hand . 
  you know things are shit when enemy warships can simply pass through you waters . 
  at the time the article was written that was n't really known yet . 
  slightly . 
  i know nothing about austria . 
  the only things i know : the capital is wien . 
  they speak german . 
  i know stuff about the roles of the landstag from german classes and thanks to a recent article about a russian official saying :  we should 've stayed in austria . 
  i knew one of the questions and the marshall plan obviously . 
  all else was guessing . 
   critics : in favor of eu , powers should stay at national government ( ergo , no federation ) so the eu should stay ` small ' . 
  a ridiculous idea . 
  criticizing the eu does n't necessarily mean you want it to stay ` small ' . 
  indeed . 
  it 's a way too ambiguous word . 
  both pro- and anti-europeans can be critical . 
   eu critics : favor of eu , but less powerful eu that 's the problem . 
  being eu critic does n't mean you want to give less power to the eu , it only means that you 're critical about the functioning of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure that he 's compared to hitler based , not on his opinion , but on the way he brings it out . 
  saying you want fewer morrocans is a lot less hitlery than chanting that you want them gone . 
  what does ` down ' and ` up ' stand for ?
