  when i hear hochdeutsch , my best guess is that it 's a very short roll . 
  it 's not an english soft r , but it is n't a spanish rolling r either . 
  it 's a a bit in between . 
  dutch and frisian roll it a little more . 
  i know that one man at euronews radio deutsch speaks with such an ` r ' . 
  but i ca n't identify the accent , my german knowledge is n't good enough . 
   i 've heard a pretty bizarre version in some german speech most likely southern . 
  i 've only heard it a few times . 
  http://www.allepeilingen.com/ right now they 've lost the lead , but they left a large gap behind them in the beginning of the year . 
  based on the latest polls ( 1 day ago ) d'66 and vvd have catched up . 
  the nos polled vvd and d'66 at first place with 25 seats and the pvv third with 22,91 . 
  de hond polled d'66 and pvv to be tied with 24 seats and the vvd to come third with 22 seats . 
  so i 've averaged it : * vvd estimated 23,5 seats . 
  * d'66 estimated 24,5 seats . 
  * pvv estimated 23,455 seats . 
  this means that the pvv will probably be one of 3 biggest parties and perhaps the biggest one ( seeing as this is a european election , not a national election ), 
  going to vote for ikkiesvooreerlijk.eu . 
  they 're the greens without the hippy part . 
  his party is leading the polls . 
  he can really mess up shit . 
  `` the subreddit might go bankrupt , but i 'm sure all will be fine . '', 
   they fought and died to keep britain free from foreign invasion and control by foreign powers . 
  do n't let their sacrifice be in vain . 
  i 'm sure the germans did n't want to invade and control britain in ww1 . 
  well you 're right on one thing : the 'n' does stand for ` nationale ' . 
  some downvoter is present here . 
  upvoted everyone 's comments ^_^ . 
  or the ns . 
  i never noticed that the name literally means ` black mountain ' . 
  wow . 
  african according to the bbc . 
  dutch , english , german , esperanto partially , frisian partially and a little bit of french and swedish . 
  well , why does n't the uk fuse with the us ? 
  of course . 
  sounds interesting . 
  of course he is n't impressed . 
  he does n't give a crap about the netherlands , only when it involves him hating brussels , muslims or immigrants . 
  if destroying the country economically and creating extreme social tensions in the country are a requirement in order to meet his goals , he would go through with his plans anyway . 
  no it does n't . 
  your username really makes you look like a troll :\\, 
  it was voluntary and a majority of eastern ukrainians back unity . 
  almost all of them are n't doing it because someone orders them to . 
  well he 's not wrong ... 
  one part is pretty funny though . 
  i can only imagine 21st century political terrorism : going into the night in all black , including balaclava , putting some paint on posters . 
  must be pretty annoying though if it was your party that had it 's posters demolished . 
  and obnoxious . 
  or obnoxious . 
  does every comment of yours here involve your theoretical nordic union ... ? 
  beautiful . 
  last time i looked at the wikipage it was 200 . _ . 
  east frisian has only got about 200 speakers left , but it seems like the amount of speakers is increasing . 
   the only thing i hate about the french is the difficulty in their language . 
  phonetics anyone ? 
  as someone who studies lots of languages and has taught himself a couple : you know nothing jon snow . 
  it is n't . 
  this is n't the tryzub of the ukrainian state . 
  the tryzub on the map is an edited version used by an old fascist movement in ukraine , apparantly . 
  that 's 5 out of 30 . 
  i was actually disappointed that every contestant except for the french decided to sing in english . 
  only a few years ago you 'd hear tons of languages . 
  how do you know the tolmachevy sisters do n't support this whole situation in russia ? 
  putin is failry popular . 
  learn the definitions of marching . 
  marching in this sense means : marching like a soldier . 
  do marching bands march like soldiers ? 
  they do n't . 
   for russians , the victory day is very important , we kinda lost 30m people in wwii , around 20-25m of them civilians . 
  and we kinda mostly defeated nazi germany since europe was twiddling its thumbs for all the good it did ( not to say that the french resistance was n't brave , but they did not change much ultimately ) . 
  important enough to honour a dictatorship that killed perhaps twice as many russians ? 
   that the current neo-imperialists appropriated the may victory day does n't change the fact that the date is still very important and that marching on such celebrations is not literally nazism . 
  marching is n't done by civilians . 
  not even as a celebration . 
  the last two times we saw civilians march like soldiers were during fascist parades in italy and nazi-germany . 
  i do n't think they need to . 
  the only question was : what 's the first thing that comes to mind when think about russia/russians ? 
  if the surveys are filled in , you can see what people think most of when they think about russians and it can show how people view them . 
  for example the first thing that came to my mind was : drunk . 
  if a lot of people fill that in , the survey will show that people generally associate russians with being drunk . 
  you could do that by just making a post and asking it , but a survey website nicely compiles it for you and automatically puts it in charts for you . 
  english does have compound words but they are extremely limited . 
  no english compound words can get bigger than 3 words . 
  not even words that have been put together for fun . 
  i did n't mean the way they marched , more the fact that they marched . 
  marching in parades is for military parades or fascist movements like the hitlerjugend . 
  i love how russia accuses others of nazism , yet their supporters are marching \u00e1 la hitlerjugend . 
   just because something did n't happen the 1st 2 times does n't mean it is n't a possibility this time . 
  it 's a possibility , but if it is , why did n't you lock the garage ? 
  i ca n't leave my house open , stab a burglar in the night and proclaim : i defended myself . 
  you did not defend yourself , you endangered yourself by leaving your garage open . 
  if you leave your garage open after two burglaries there are two possibilities : * you 're batshit insane * you planned on killing the burglar next time he visits . 
  tell me : if this guy really felt threatened that people would harm him and his family , why did he leave the garage open two times after someone had broken into his house . 
  answer that . 
  no matter how you lost , you still lost . 
   how is the homeowner to know that the felon/burglar/intruder is n't going to enter the home once they gain access to the garage ? 
  because the previous two times his garage was intruded , they did n't enter the house . 
  the homeowner said that he was on edge because of two intruders earlier , he knew they did n't enter the house those two times , only the garage . 
  now he left the garage open and as soon as it happened a third time he grabbed and gun and blindly fired into the garage . 
  this man was n't threatened if he did n't even bother to close his garage door after it was intruded two times . 
  if you feel threatened after there have been two burglaries , would you let your garage open ?
