   which results in which entity having the most power again ? 
  the tweede kamer , because the eerste kamer can only actively change stuff using a novelle , it can not actually make laws . 
  also , if a novelle is actually legit is determined by ... the coalition !, 
  you 're overestimating the actual power of the senate . 
   not to get all antagonistic , but come again ? 
  with pleasure . 
  political instability is not a problem , yes we have n't had much luck with governments being able to govern stable all 4 years , but it is far away from being a serious problem . 
  i do n't see fragmentation as a problem at all . 
  sure , it can be annoying , but a problem that should be solved by changing our political system and constitution by getting rid of an entire chamber ? 
   as you stated elsewhere , you seem to be believe that the senate got a rather local mandate . 
  it might be my impression , but that is not what is ruling senate politics as of 2015 nor should the provinces have much of a say as long as this country remains a decentralized unitary state . 
  not really , but it is a way for people to sound their voices better over local issues . 
  everybody knows that especially this election was dominated by national politics , but that does not mean that the provincial elections are n't an opportunity to voice concern towards a ruling coalition , which could be over local vs national interests like the gas , which is easier done by more local elections than national elections . 
  of course local issues still are n't addressed in a way that makes them more important for the provincial elections than national issues , which is why i am in favour of federalization rather than an indirectly elected senate . 
  but since federalization is most likely out of the question , the closest to giving more power to locals ( even if it is only in a really small amount ) is through a senate based on more local elections . 
   although you must simply ignore a lot of signals to consider the lack of democracy oh , right lack of democracy . 
  i guess the fact that the elections just caused an unpopular coalition to lose it 's mandate in an institution powerful enough to block it 's laws is n't democratic . 
  i 'd think you 'd like a lack of democracy , seems you seem to favour political stability than over actual democracy . 
  i see this fragmentation and falling of governments as a sign that our country does democracy well . 
  people are n't afraid to vote for the parties they like even if they are small and unlikely to make huge differences . 
  especially parties like pvdd or the osf doing well are a sign we vote because we want our opinions to be heard , even though the party we vote for might not be all that powerful . 
  hell , those small parties could actually be heard very well as the coalition might need a small party like groenlinks in order to keep it 's mandate . 
   except it does n't . 
  except it does . 
  it is obvious that the members of the provincial states vote on their party when they vote for the senate , why would n't they?but who elects those members of the provincial states ? 
  the civilians of the province , thus giving them a say in national matters through the province , giving them an opportunity to vote more based on local issues than national ones . 
   i would like to point out that some european nations have switched to a unicameral system in the past 50 years , which would not make this idea ` strange ' in any way . 
  i never said it was strange to not have an elected senate , i am saying it is n't favourable for us ( opinion , not fact ) . 
   that this does not disburb you in any way amazes me as it is a direct threat to how a proper democracy should function . 
  no , that does not disturb me , because it is n't true . 
  the senate and tweede kamer can shoot down laws , only the tweede kamer can create laws . 
  de tweede kamer has more power , because it is the body that can actually do stuff , the senate can only block stuff . 
   the senate here is n't the u.s. senate by system nor should it become such an entity . 
  first because it is n't in our tradition it wo n't be . 
  as i said , the senate here does not have any power to act , it can only block . 
  our tradition is a senate elected by the regional provinces to keep national politicians from ignoring local issues in favour of national issues . 
  the whole groningen gas debate for example , where the hague clearly favours national benefit from gas income over regional issues . 
  the hague only started really taking groningen 's views into account ( especially the opposition , the ruling coalition party vvd is one of the only parties in the senate that still does not want to decrease gas output ) after a couple scandals . 
  and guess what ? 
  the coalition lost votes in groningen this election and the coalition is now without majority in the senate . 
   second because it will add to the political instability that has been getting a tighter grip on this country with each passing year . 
  political instability is not a problem , yes we have n't had much luck with governments being able to govern stable all 4 years , but it is far away from being a serious problem . 
   contrary to this you are basically asking to uphold the current situation where politicians check - you guessed it - other politicians . 
  yes , politicians elected locally in order to check politicians elected nationally . 
  we started out as a federation of provinces , more centralisation is not good . 
  so you should have local powers keep in check national powers , yet you 're asking for national referenda and judges to keep in check national politicians . 
   this leads to the most weird situations : in the absence of a constitutional court , the states general could actually accept a bill that is blatantly unconstitutional as long as this does not infringe on international treaties . 
  they could , but i would like to see them try . 
  they did n't win a majority with these elections , they wo n't survive the election after that . 
   the institutional problems of this nation need to get solved in the next 10 years or everything will take an accelerated turn for the worse . 
  i do n't agree . 
  to me the institution looks healthy . 
  i would love to federalize the country like germany does in order to keep the provinces more powerful , but as long as the majority does not want federalization i 'd like to keep the senate , which comes more closer by giving the provinces more power . 
   but why do you need a political institute to check on whether the tweede kamer is acting within the law or not ? 
  that is not the only job of the senate . 
  the senaat keeps the tweede kamer in check by having a different political landscape than the tweede kamer . 
  they prevent rushed and populist policies by creating a double check on laws . 
  how do you plan on doing that ? 
  the provinces decide who 's part of the senate , it should be the provinces that check the tweede kamer 's might . 
   if there 's a time to get rid of the senate ( which gets indirectly elected by the provincial states ) , it is now . 
  no way . 
  there needs to be a body checking the tweede kamer 's might . 
  yes , negative attention . 
   viva la revolution . 
  i 'd like to see you try . 
  `` viva la revolu - '' and you 're in a concentration camp where you 'll end up looking like [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.corbisimages.com/images/corbis-u1016643inp.jpg?size=67&amp;uid=a48c6863-d35f-49b4-b54a-e1b49f43a6d3 ) ( nsfw ) i mean seriously ? 
  if those north-koreans would rise up again kim , he 'll be gone within a few moments . 
  [ it 's not like their entire families and the 2 generations after them would be put to fates getting close to holocaust levels , right ? 
  as mentioned below , a lot of time demonstrations are actually peaceful . 
  recent basque and catalan demonstration for example . 
  a lot more people than in frankfurt participating , yet no burning of police cars and throwing rocks at firemen . 
  the game is always ` rigged ' if you 're not winning it . 
  i completely agree , so why act tough and talk about pulling the plug now ? 
  i am ? 
   take the irish flag - green - republicans - white - peace - orange - loyalists did not know that . 
  in fact , i do n't know what 90 % of the world 's flags mean . 
  your other two examples are some of the most obvious ones . 
  why is our 's red-white-blue ? 
  why is germany black-red-gold ? 
  why is italy red-white-green ? 
  why do the scandinavians have those crosses ? 
  i 've heard something but nothing definitive . 
  depends ... is are they going to add 6.2 percent of their gdp ? 
  then wow.but i do not think that is the case ... 
  no fuck you . 
  which i think is most likely . 
  holland is the more international part of the country . 
  i believe in bigoted stereotypes ? 
  i am not the one stereotyping here my friend . 
  i am not saying you 're lying . 
  people can easily tough talk before something happens , but they quickly chance tone when it happens . 
  pulling out of nato might sound ` tough ' now that you 're in it , but you 're not going to be happy with doing it afterwards . 
   create an eu army , defend your continent with your own security agreement and we can finally go back home . 
  i agree , which makes the ` pull the plug out of nato ' ridiculous before we have an eu army . 
  lol , you act as if we 've already stabbed you in the back . 
  relax bro , we 're still in an alliance , nobody 's going to backstab anyone and none of your family are getting killed to protect us . 
  you were the one making the remark ` pull the plug out of ' nato because we decided we 'd like to be part of a investment bank with china , which no european power wants to replace the us with . 
  you 're the one talking about stabbing us in the back over something as ridiculous as a fucking investment bank , not the other way around . 
  you 're hypothesising about fucking us .
