  god not again . 
  a while ago i was talking about europe as a region and forgot iceland . 
  democracy is a bit more complicated than that . 
  if his analogy was true , the uk could basically do anything it wants to the scottish without the scottish being able to do anything against it , because as he said : the 5 million person tail can not wag the 60 million person dog . 
  but this is not true . 
  if the uk does something they have to take into account the minorities . 
  the scots and welsh also have their own small governments which can decide things for their region even if the uk disagrees . 
  in a real democracy , a 5 million tail can wag the 60 million dog . 
   no one would argue that and if you wish to state that again then refrain from commenting further , it 's quite useless . 
  pfff . 
  i never said anyone would argue that . 
   it 's obviously stupid to say that 1.7 billion = 12.9 billion . 
  i never said he said that 1,7 billion = 12,9 billion . 
  i said that he said that 1,7 billion is comparable to 12,9 billion , which is wrong . 
  the percentages might be correct , but this guy actually said :  a # 1.7 billion recalculation for the eu budget would be like a # 12.9 billion recalculation for the uk government budget . 
  which is wrong . 
  indeed , the eu budget 's size is only 13 % of the uk 's budget , that percentage is correct , but this does not mean the eu 's demand of the uk is comparable to a 12,9 uk demand of it 's people . 
  the uk has to pay 1,7 billion . 
  no matter what size the eu budget is , this 1,7 billion is not comparable to the uk demanding any amount from it 's people . 
  this is getting too clusterfucky . 
  so let 's start out again but simpler . 
  who does the uk pay 1 , 7 pounds to ? 
  i know what a democracy is , and that analogy is probably the worst analogy to describe democracy i have ever seen . 
  it does n't work like your saying it does . 
  if the 5 million tail does not agree with the 60 million dog , it does not mean you can not feel sorry for the tail if it wants to stay part of the dog . 
  let 's ignore the stupid dog analogy . 
  scotland voted to stay in the union because of various reasons . 
  if scotland and england have a difference of opinion , one is right to feel sorry for scotland because it has to deal with these differences because it agrees on different topics . 
  if i agree with 90 % of what a party says , and it 's the highest percentage of any other party . 
  i can still feel sorry that i will help them with the 10 % i did not agree with if i vote for them . 
  i would much rather vote on a party i agree with 100 % , but alas . 
  the same with scotland . 
  i feel sorry for scotland because it has to go in line with the uk on some topics they disagree on , because scotland agrees with many others topics . 
  i 'd rather have scotland agree 100 % , but alas . 
  scotland ca n't have that and thus will have to do things it itself does not agree with , just like i will have politicians i voted for do stuff i do n't agree with . 
  that 's what i meant with my precious comment . 
  just because it voted to join the union , does n't mean you ca n't feel sorry for scotland for having to do stuff itself does not want , but the rest of the union does . 
  buying a car and your gas bill are both expenditures . 
  these are one expenditures and one gain for the uk government . 
  the uk government 's demand is that it 's citizens pay 1,07 billion pounds , the eu 's demand is that the uk government pays 1,7 billion pounds . 
  you ca n't say that the eu 's demand of 1,7 billion equals a uk demand of 12,9 billion . 
  what the picture above is basically telling ( i am not saying anything about whether it is a proper argument , i am just saying what it is telling ) is that the 1,07 billion uk demand is a similar amount as the eu demand of 1,7 . 
  ( not the exact same number , but they are similar numbers between 1 and 2 billion ) . 
  the guy 's above observation that that is wrong because the eu 's demand = a 12,9 billion dollar uk demand is incorrect . 
  it 's the native language of a large part of the population . 
  the us is an english native country . 
  in the eu without the uk , relatively no one has english as their native language . 
   so the number stay the same . 
  i meant that both numbers are around the 1 or 2 billion , and not like the guy above says :  a # 1.7 billion recalculation for the eu budget would be like a # 12.9 billion recalculation for the uk government budget . 
   if you ca n't then do n't bother discussing uk politics , you clearly do n't get it . 
  i argued only one thing . 
  one . 
  thing . 
  i did not argue that this is fair , i did not argue this is unfair , i did not argue the uk gets as much back as it gives , i did not arue the uk government can not complain about the 1,7 billion because of the 1,07 billion thing , i did not argue that the uk government can complain about the 1,7 billion because of the 1,07 billion . 
  i am not arguing anything about uk politics . 
  i only argued one ( that is one ) thing : 1,7 billion recalculation for eu budget is not like a 12,9 billion recalculation for uk budget . 
  ~ ~ eu speaking a language that is not native to the eu ? 
  it 's like the united states using japanese as their language . ~ ~ derp . 
   it 's amazing the reaction from some brits he said ` some ' . 
  do not create problems were there are none . 
  voting to stay in the union does n't automatically mean they have to put up with everything the union does . 
  justified but timed in the worst possible way . 
   eu budget is also about 13 % of the size of the uk government budget . 
  does n't seem like a fair comparison . 
  a # 1.7 billion recalculation for the eu budget would be like a # 12.9 billion recalculation for the uk government budget . 
  i was arguing that you ca n't say that an eu budget 1,7 billion recalculation can be seen as a 12,9 billion uk recalculation . 
  the uk pays 1,7 billion pounds , but ` gets ' 1,07 billion pounds . 
  so the number stay the same . 
  i never argued that 1,07 billion pounds of taxmoney going to the uk government is the same as the 1,7 billion going to the eu . 
  merely that they are the same number and saying that it 's like 12,9 billion is not something you should do . 
  looks like i 'm right on this billion pound being comparable to the 1,07 billion . 
  thank you  was that so hard ? 
   will reduce that debt overnight . 
  the taxpayer money you pay now also does n't fund your roads and schools overnight . 
  the money you spend now to the uk government might actually spend years later . 
  that does n't make it any less useful . 
  some of the money you pay in the form of taxes does not go to things you benefit from . 
  like british troops in afghanistan . 
  so compared to things like that , this taxpayer money going to the eu benefits you more than some of the taxpayer money to your own government does . 
  no , you did not . 
  you avoided the question . 
  they are different things . 
  ' i think we 'll have to agree to disagree ' is not an entity or a person so it can not pay anything . 
  failing to answer this question results in you accepting you were wrong . 
  anyone who knows he 's right should be able to answer the question normally . 
  if you have to dodge a question , you 're must likely not even sure yourself . 
   we will never see most of that 1.7 billion again . 
  debatable . 
  the money is invested in other eu regions which will also benefit the uk . 
  so even if it is n't spend on the uk directly , the uk citizens still benefit from it 's results . 
  if you want to admit you 're wrong you could 've just been a cool guy about it and answer the question . 
  i 'm trying to have an honest discussion but if you can not accept you 're wrong and instead turn your back with the excuse ` well we disagree and we 'll leave it at that ' , why discuss it anyway ? 
  do not get into discussions , if you do not want to discuss . 
  if you 're going to start a discussion and then say ` well we disagree ' i am simply going to assume you agree but do n't have the balls to say it out loud . 
  what was your answer to the question ? 
   you 're comparing one single line item on the uk budget to the entire uk budget . 
  one line item on the budget increasing by 1.7 billion is very different from the entire budget increasing by 1.7 billion . 
  you 're comparing two budgets to one another when we 're talking about one budget . 
  i am comparing 1 thing in the uk 's budget , with another thing in the uk 's budget . 
  you 're the one comparing two things from the same budget as if they were two different budgets .
