i wonder how russia would react to nato and the like recognizing lugansk and donetsk as long as the borders are controlled by a ukraine/nato/separatist / russian force . 
  that way we might be able to prevent them from radicalising too much and make a reunification in the future more likely . 
  i doubt russia would agree though . 
  yes , but they the lon never really took of , members we 're joining and leaving steadily . 
  big countries like the us , germany and russia did n't join until much later and left shortly afterwards . 
  the us never joined at all . 
  this all happened in 26 years . 
  the european union has been getting closer and bigger for decades and so far no country has left , and the only member who really has a chance of leaving any time soon ( uk ) is not too likely to actually leave . 
  the eu and lon are unrelated . 
  one is a political/economic union for cooperation in a region with at least partially shared values , the other is a global attempt at creating peace in an immensely divided world , which was pretty much impossible . 
  yes , had one for half a century . 
  eventually . 
   i know i did n't ; it was a waste of time over a minor point . 
  are you seriously starting it all over again ? 
   do you think you ended up looking smart from this whole thing ? 
  i know i did n't ; it was a waste of time over a minor point . 
  yes , because i stopped putting effort in it very early and began doing it purely for the lulz . 
  exactly !, 
  stop being so immature by pretending to know things you know nothing about / u/meteorphoenix !, 
   you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  how bad you must be that i know nothing and you still know less . 
  just because puerto rican is n't a state does n't mean you ca n't call it american . 
  maybe i was wrong about the percentage , but it does not change anything . 
   sure , what do you want to know ? 
  why would i ask you ? 
  you do n't know either . 
   ahahahaha , fun . 
  you think you understand that referendum . 
  do you want me to explain that absolute clusterfuck of a vote , or are you just saying things ? 
  yes i do and no need . 
  i probably understand it better . 
   i got ta say , it takes a lot of balls to pretend you know more about a country than someone from it . 
  i know right ? 
  big thumbs up for you , talking about a land you know little about . 
   i know for a fact my country is small enough that , unless you specifically got educated on it , your knowledge does n't go any farther than that wikipedia page you just exited . 
  * opponent posts information i did n't know but refuse to accept * * opponent must be using wikipedia * cool story bro . 
  are you really puerto rican or are you just pretending ? 
  i 'd expect a puerto rican to know a bit more about their own and us history . 
  maybe this is why puerto rico is n't a state yet even if 54 % want ? 
  before joining the states you need enough ` murican knowledge which you apparently lack . 
  where in the constitution does it say that ? 
  you 're saying only the dutch government can allow secession , but the link you posted does not say anything about that . 
  so no , the constitution does not give secession rights solemnly to the dutch government , whereas the spanish constitution does . 
   puerto rican , actually . 
  i know , but puerto rico is owned by the states anyway . 
   it 's funny how you call american english broken , since no language is any better or worse than any other language . 
  are you really that dense or are you acting stupid on purpose ? 
   no , that 's likely because the fact was wrong to begin with . 
  or because i let myself get involved into a stupid semantic argument . 
  the fact is not wrong , so it 's not because of that . 
  i am not getting down voted , even though i am arguing semantics ( we 're not , we 're arguing you being a cunt ) . 
  so funny . 
   yup , the english most people speak ? 
  ` mericun detected . 
  just because you think the american way is the way most europeans do it , does n't mean they do . 
   i 'd bet money that absolutely nobody else was confused . 
  you lost . 
  apparently it did confuse others because your comment is at -1 without me even downvoting you . 
  so that 's already 3 people . 
   you have not quoted any , and have not even justified whether or not catalonians have the right to self-determination . 
  yes i have . 
   once you can answer those questions , then we have facts . 
  i already have . 
   right now , all we have is your parroting of the self-determination party line without any basis or concrete evidence to support it . 
  cool story bro . 
   have a nice day . 
  i most certainly will now i longer have to waste time here since you apparently do n't feel like discussing anymore . 
  your source does not prove your point . 
  the constitution does not ban secession in the way spain does . 
  no longer paying attention to the bad things they 're doing , is the first small step towards closing an eye for it . 
   even if they are the majority in some parts of catalonia ? ', 
  yes because the catalonians are one people . 
  those people that are the majority in some parts of catalonia must first be a people of their before they can exercise the right of self-determination themselves . 
   why should not those towns or districts enjoy the same right as catalonia as a whole ? 
  because they are part of the catalonian people . 
  a people decide to become independent , not a small community within a people . 
   what makes the administrative boundaries between catalonia and the rest of spain more relevant than the administrative boundaries within catalonia ? 
  the fact that within these boundaries live the same people . 
  across the boundaries with spain this is not the case . 
  i read it , but i stil need citation . 
  a member of a committee is no proof that any such referendum is automatically biased . 
  if you want to do that , come up with actual proof and not one guy 's tweet . 
  no , i do n't . 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  i 've been using legal arguments perfectly fine . 
   your arguments have no consistency ... haha , says the person who 's a different immigrant each time you speak to them . 
   with a culture different from the place i was born and want my own country here . 
  then you are in bad luck . 
  if you feel like you 're part of no people , yet you are not a people , you can not use the right . 
  if you mix your original culture with the culture of the country you live , you do not become a new people , you 'll become a mix and you can not use the right as you can live in two states that both have your people . 
  no , the right to self-determination did n't exist yet . 
  there was no international law defending secession . 
  so the northern states were legally in their right to not accept the secession . 
  abe lincoln did make clear though , that secession was possible by either a revolution or an agreement with the united states . 
  but unlike nowadays , the northern united states were not obliged to refrain from waging a war with the south over it . 
  so the united states were in their right to wage the civil war against the confederacy . 
  once again [ citation needed ] . 
  that is not a middle way , it 's still an option between independence and not . 
  there 's no middle way between independence and not . 
  you 're either independent or you 're not .
