  do you ? 
  the muslims of the balkans do n't seem to be suicide bombing that much . 
  because you 're using negative figures . 
  you could say that 11 % of muslims are bad , but this creates a more negative idea in people 's minds than saying 89 % are not bad , which is equally true as the former statement . 
  if you want to be fair , give the full numbers . 
   why are n't the middle eastern copts , assyrians , armenians etc. 
  running around raping/beheading/suicide bombing everyone around them , since these people are incomparably more persecuted than european muslims ? 
  it surprises me how many people here ca n't actually read . 
  where did i say : no racism and no discrimination = no extremism ? 
  i only said racism and discrimination breed radicals , i never said it was the sole cause . 
  i know . 
   yes , ignore the pew research polls . 
  oh , alright . 
  if that 's what you want . 
   nice bit of whataboutery there . 
  it 's not whataboutery if it is meant to show hypocrisy . 
  it is not satire , and he is being upvoted . 
  be very afraid . 
  nice source . 
  go tip your fedora there , not here please . 
   not to mention the long list of verses from the quran that this behaviour is justified from . 
  not to mention the long list of passages from the bible that justifies this behaviour . 
   you people are completely unable to judge comments based on merit . 
  i guess we are a bit like you . 
   i do recommend that you look at surveys from all the muslim majority countries before you come here to say that it 's just an extremist problem . 
  i did and surprise : there are countries where muslims are a majority and that are n't extremist . 
  so , the surveys form all the muslim majority countries show that the size of the muslim population does not guarantee a problem with extremists , showing that it is perfectly possible for a country to have large populations of muslims . 
   when 80 % + of egyptians think that you should killed for apostasy from islam , i do think it 's a problem with the religion that number might be an indication of egyptian opinions , instead of muslim opinions . 
  it shows no link between muslim and non-secular , especially when there are countries with majority muslim populations that do not show the same results . 
   not just a tiny number of `` extremists '' as i 'm sure you pretend they are . 
  where did i say the number was tiny ? 
  i 'm only saying that it is not blameable on islam , but that it is blameable on the extremists . 
   at least they can say what they want , though . 
  i can respect the mods of the sub for allowing them to say what 's truly on their mind . 
  except they ca n't . 
  go in against the circlejerk and you will be punished by the voting system . 
  silencing opinions through mob rule is no better than silencing opinions through a set of rules . 
   the opposing camps created within society are near identical on both issues , and affect each other continuously . 
  i still do n't see how the ` zwarte pieten ' issue related to growing muslim populations . 
  no , no it 's fine . 
  i upvoted you above . 
  they are n't . 
   you never once held them accountable for their actions , its always muh discrimination . 
  i did . 
  i never once held all muslims accountable for their actions . 
  doing that is discrimination . 
   discrimination does suck , but its no excuse for murdering yazidi women half way across the world . 
  i fully agree . 
   are you against all executions , no matter how heinous the crime ? 
  if hitler was to be caught , would you decline to execute him ? 
  yes . 
  in a modern european state , no one is executed for anything . 
  black pete is a dutch tradition that should be maintained , illegal and excess immigration are one of europe 's main problems , there are only two genders . 
   it 's the extreme beliefs themselves that are the problem exactly what i was saying . 
  it is the extreme beliefs that are the problem . 
  the people without these extreme beliefs are not the problem . 
   that 's why it 's a muslim and islamic problem . 
  that 's why it 's an extremist problem . 
   i 'm not in favour of policies involving fertility based on ethnic purity . 
  i never said you were , i 'm simply saying that policies involving fertility and targeting certain ethnic groups are eugenicist . 
   you absolve them of responsibility when you blame their ways on the dominant society . 
  except i did n't do that . 
  nice reading . 
   plenty of groups have suffered oppression and hardship and have not chose to live a fulfilling life of cranial decapitation . 
  you do n't say ...  jesus christ on a pogo stick . 
  it 's not some passive ideology . 
  these people are the killers of the innocent . 
  that 's why they deserve execution . 
  you 're just as radical as an isis member . 
  if you want to fight extremism in europe , start with yourself and leave . 
   which was very high in the netherlands before mass immigration . 
  based on what ? 
  is there any number indicating ` communal cohesion ' or is your view on it the only indication you have ? 
  i 'm not saying he 's mistaken , i 'm only saying his numbers should be taken with a heap of salt . 
   instead of going comment dumpster diving i did n't , i have / r/european regulars tagged . 
   stop trying to paint these raping , murdering , sex-slave holding freaks as victims of an unjust society . 
  where did i do that ? 
  i just said racism and discrimination breeds more radicals , i never said that 's the sole cause for radicals . 
   execute isis fighters who try to crawl back into your country if you want to execute people , go to the us or iran . 
  we do n't do that in europe . 
  executing people because of ideology is an isis thing to do . 
  what 's the connection between muslim populations ` decreasing our cohesion ' and the ` zwarte pieten discussie ' ? 
  as far as i know , most muslims are n't black and do n't really care about the whole zwarte pieten issue . 
   you act like he 's some card carrying member of some gang . 
  maybe he is . 
  i do n't know if he 's part of some fancy fascist group when he 's not browsing a fascist subreddit . 
   / r/european is just an alternative to / r/europe for people who do n't want to be b & because they hurt someone 's feelings . 
  yes , and the national socialist party of germany is just an alternative to standard socialist parties in germany . 
  lol . 
   i really do n't mind what word you use . 
  i am happy to use the word `` extremist '' if that makes you happy . 
  what , you would n't call them extremists ? 
   i really do n't mind what word you use . 
  i am happy to use the word `` extremist '' if that makes you happy . 
  in my mind it seems odd to claim that these extremists are not muslims if they self-identify as muslims . 
  i do not use a different word , i am blaming different people than you . 
  you 're pretending this is a muslim thing , whilst i am saying that it is muslim extremists . 
  i never said they were n't muslim . 
   it takes us nowhere nearer to solving it . 
  it does n't make the problem go away .
