  languages die out of they are not being used . 
  people could care less about what you teach children that are not interested in the language , but by making sure they can use it and have an incentive to learn it , you let the minority decide if they want to preserve it themselves . 
  once the language actually gains foothold somewhere you can start giving mandatory lessons in public schools in countries where the percentage of speakers gets high enough . 
  that 's not artificial at all , that 's natural . 
  instead , a government like france 's creates a downward spiral . 
  standardized french is encouraged , so people have less use for regional languages , which results in decline . 
  during the age of nationalism , nation states massively enforced a common language policy , often describing regional languages as ` uncivilized ' . 
  a lot of language minorities and dialects have never recovered from that . 
  that is what i 'd call artificial . 
   well if i saw significant protests and activism by these people in france i would think they have a point what ... ? 
  it is the state 's job to act in the best interest if its citizens , even if they are n't holding mass demonstrations . 
  pay attention and you will see a lot of stuff is done , not necessarily because the citizens demand it en masse . 
  does french 's government do nothing except when people demonstrate ? 
  as far as i know your government works all year long , mostly on stuff people are n't massively demonstrating for ? 
  or am i wrong and does it sit on its ass most of the year until a big demonstration happens to come along ? 
   but so far all i see is foreigners on reddit who do n't really seem to know the situation in france and whose point seem more to bash the french out of general dislike of the country than anything . 
  same goes for all minorities . 
  just because you do n't see the problem , does n't mean there actually is n't a problem . 
  to a lot of outsiders my people are close to extinction as well and that only a few are bothered by that . 
  actually investigate and you 'll find that is n't true at all . 
  close to 70 % speak it and people are generally in favour of the survival of the language , still no mass demonstrations here . 
  nice hyperbole/slippery slope . 
  of course not , modern french is a continuation of old french . 
  having allowed old french to develop into modern french = protecting old french . 
   at some point it 's just time to let go ? 
  yes , and you decide when that time has arrived , instead of the people that actually speak those languages ? 
  i do n't think he wants to alienate the english speaking world , what he suggests is only for one week afterall . 
  and then again , this subreddit is mostly in english the rest of the year anyway . 
  i tried , but my quest for the perfect translation every time i posted something became too much to handle . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's why we do n't call everyone who disagrees with us a troll . 
  we call everyone who disagrees with us , using empty statements without argument except for some whining about a circlejerk even though their account is only two months old , a troll . 
    brave new account of two months and 90 comment karma . 
   implying you are * brave * with 7000 ck.still do n't understand how is this in any way relevant if the one wants to have constructive debate here . 
  because it is a sign that you 're a russian troll . 
  combine it with empty statements in which you proclaim you 're right and everyone else is wrong and it is even more suspicious . 
  maybe , only he can tell . 
  yes , but the kind of topics they get involved in extends beyond that . 
  you 're welcome !, 
   classic dictator quote . 
  dictator quote or not , it does n't make it any less true . 
  watch out , you made the butthurt southern europeans cry . 
  it 's not russian girls wearing make up stolen from the mh17 wreck that cause an outrage in russia , it is a couple girls twirking in ` patriotic customes ' . 
  since when do we make exceptions for laws ? 
  the law is the same for everyone , does n't matter how much we like them . 
  hhhmm , so from what i 've read i think it is essentially a good thing depending on what 's going to happen with greece and/or if the new economic growth does not distract governments from structural reforming . 
  the divergence part was pretty obvious , it is the second paragraph i have issues with . 
  do n't tell an engineer what ` divergence ' means !, 
  quick google search for whether this is good or not :  divergence is when the price is moving in one direction , but an indicator or another market is moving in the opposite direction . 
  for example , if the dax was moving upwards , but the cac40 was moving downwards , these markets would be experiencing divergence . 
   divergence can be a strong indication that the direction of a market is about to change . 
  divergence is a popular trading signal for many indicators ( including the commodity channel index , the relative strength index , and momentum ) , and is therefore used as part of various different trading systems.when a divergence is created by the price and an indicator , the trading signal is in the direction of the indicator . 
  on the example chart , the cci is diverging upwards , so the entry signal would be for a long trade . 
  the result of the example divergence was a complete reversal of the eur which moved 100 ticks in the direction of the divergence , the start of which can be seen on the example chart . 
  the example chart in question : [ chart ] ( http://0.tqn.com/d/daytrading/1/s/7/2/-/-/divergence.png ) this did n't make anything any clearer to me ... any economists want to explain ? 
  sorry , i did n't realise because it was such a terrible joke . 
  japan 's real reasons is that it has its own disputed islands with china and russia , it ca n't turn a blind eye on russia annexing a peninsula because it considers it part of russia . 
  i love japan being involved . 
  `` we 're helping ! '', 
  well to be fair , there is an organisation that says humans are bad so all its members vow to not have children in order to help bring about human extinction . 
  so people hating themselves does n't seem that unlikely actually :p, 
  i 'd guess it is a simple example of a dutch saying :  wat de boer niet blieft dat eet hij niet . 
   what the peasant does n't know , he does n't eat a.k.a people tend to look more negative to things they 're not familiar with or what is new to them . 
  most people in countries with more sizeable muslim populations tend to note that although they do cause some problems , it 's not that bad . 
  it is true that muslim communities are more prime to crime , but not in such a degree that people are really confronted with it that much in everyday life . 
  as if ` barbarian ' does not have a negative connotation . 
  how about we leave the whole ` barbarian ' out ? 
  these people are refugees . 
  you must be one of the few who do not support an international subreddit celebrating their country as if it is the new kingdom . 
  you mean `` creeping east '' i suppose ? 
  i do n't think russia would mind nato going west :p, 
   staying at home with your child may seem like a wonderful option but i feel that you 'll loose track of the real world completely . 
  what ? 
  what are you suggesting with that ? 
  definitely . 
  there are also loads of these stories going around on how having children ruins your life , because now you need to spend the vast majority of your time taking care of them . 
  there was a german nazi propaganda video made shortly after the british and part of the french retreated from dunkirk , in which they filmed french colonials dancing traditional african dances . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/zmaz_dhxlds?t=25m2s ) now you do n't think the german narrator was being racist ? 
  oh fuck me , you 're dense . 
   this is not the first performer tso has booted off for lewd and unruly behaviour . 
  first time tso booted off a performer for posting stupid and insulting remark over a conflict in ukraine . 
  this is news . 
  i know , i was giving a second reason why it will never be like donbass . 
  no reason to sneak in troops , but also no means to sneak them in . 
  and ? 
  why should we stop posting something because you already saw it somewhere else ? 
  this happens to be relevant on many subreddits you happen to browse . 
  go browse / r/funny and you will see it 0 times . 
   baseball or softball are played in almost every high school pretty regularly . 
  oh fuck that shit . 
  all the way through middle school , we did almost nothing except baseball/softball . 
   we have invented flying metal birds that can carry people for about 100 years now . 
  they call them airplanes . 
  sorry could n't help with the sarcasm . 
  i know they have , but it means that russia ca n't sneak troops in the same way as what happened in donbass , planes will be noticed . 
  so that 's why i think the nk dispute with azerbaijan will never escalate to donbass levels . 
  it is also a lot harder to get russia involved since there are not as many russian minorities as there are in the donbass . 
  russia also does n't have a border with armenia , they 'd either need to go through georgia , azerbaijan or turkey . 
  ( or they could go through iran and iraq , but those scenarios are even more impossible . ), 
  everyday ?
