  i 'm pretty sure that what ever armed conflict is currently happening in ukraine , it wo n't be there in 5 years from now . 
  i 'm a bit worried . 
  the dpr seems to have recaptured a lot of territory and re-established a border with russia . 
  european  frisian  dutch, 
  i can read the whole thing . 
  i 'm not subscribed . 
  i would n't accept fox news here either . 
  lol . 
  no , but rt really crowns the cake . 
  i 'm not saying you should post western sources only , but there are loads of non-western sources that are n't rt. 
  haaretz ' story was pretty good : http://www.haaretz.com/news/world/.premium-1.610682, 
  that already looks a lot better . 
  can someone make a version without the dirt ? 
  i think the dirt really clouds what it would really look like . 
  please of investings into eastern poland . 
  ukrainian soldier : `` the russian aid has arrived at the border ! '', 
  til my city has a lenin statue . 
  they 're openly in the news about it . 
  we know all about for example , igor strelkov . 
  he is a russian citizen born moscow ( real name igor girkin ) and he has been active in the bosnia , chechen and transnistria wars . 
  just because you do n't read anything about russian soldiers in ukraine , does n't mean that they 're not there . 
  what the russians could n't do before , was sending a lot of troops into eastern ukraine at once . 
  until now only a couple russian soldiers were able to cross the border at a time , because a massive troop movement into ukraine would be suspicious . 
  now they 've got dozens of trucks that can cross the border possibly filled with troops and resources with a good excuse , namely ` humanitarian help ' . 
  it 's the perfect way to get hundreds of soldiers and equipment into ukraine in a short period of time . 
  and where there is no control on what the convoy actually carries ... 
  going through kharkov towards the surrounded cities/civilians is faster than going all the way around the country , like they 're doing now . 
  do you know how far apart rebel controlled border is from the kharkov border ? 
  there comes the monkey out of the sleeve . 
  at first i was like :  someone from iran : o but then i saw it was the flag of north rhine-westphalia . 
  i have that stamppot plate . 
  i upvoted for the video because i thought it was funny , not for the title . 
  i want [ this ] ( http://affordablehousinginstitute.org/blogs/us/wp-content/uploads/de_guindos_jean_claude_juncker-300x224.jpg ) on a t-shirt . 
  they died for afghanistan and for iraq . 
  that 's not a very good image of ' t waad . 
  http://www.terschelling-nieuws.nl/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/waddenzee.jpg http://werelderfgoed.nl/sites/default/files/images/waddenzee_34_0.jpg, 
  right . 
  but when russia nuclear bombs varna and then loses , i 'm not sure the us wants to occupy russia for a few years and pump billions into it 's economy :p . 
   if the latvian military base got surrounded , it 's not like the hundred american troops in there would try and break the blockade without an order from someone very high up the chain of command - and that order will not come within hours of an invasion because there is too much at stake . 
  and by the time a decision can be reached , the cost of acting is already higher no , of course not , but the us will take action . 
  surrounding us troops is simply too risky for any ` smart ' invasion . 
  a big part of latvia would be lost , but immediate action would be undertaken and that would lead to at least some clashes between other nato troops and russian troops disguised as ` separatists ' . 
  this is a completely different situation than what happened in crimea . 
  i do n't know . 
   a pyrrhic victory is a victory with such a devastating cost that it is tantamount to defeat . 
  the opposite could be a defeat with such a win that is is tantamount to a victory , but the opposite could also be that it 's a victory with surprisingly low cost . 
  they said :  just as the second world war was for germany an attempt at revenge for defeat in the first . 
  basically what they 're saying is : we 'll take revenge , just like hitler did . 
  so not only are they comparing their potential invasion with that of hitler 's , they are also comparing their potential invasion with the failed one of hitler 's . 
   say russia does a smart invasion . 
  they just do n't roll in with tanks out of nowhere . 
  instead they move in during mass protests , to `` protect the russian minority '' , and they quickly seize significant control of the two countries . 
  just like crimea , the largest military bases are surrounded and blockaded by armoured units , and special forces show up at strategic locations such as airports . 
  that 's already too much show . 
  at the point that military bases get surrounded and airports get taken , the russians have already gone too far . 
  there are american and other nato troops stationed in those bases . 
  what does russia want to do ? 
  capture american airbases and nato/latvian military bases without it getting seen as an invasion ? 
  impossible , you ca n't surround and capture american bases whilst expecting the us really does nothing . 
   to put it in simplest terms , piontkovsky continues , putin 's actions would be `` revenge for the defeat of the ussr in the third ( cold ) world war just as the second world war was for germany an attempt at revenge for defeat in the first . '' he does know that germany lost that war ? 
  more like germany politically . 
  too much indecisiveness right now . 
  :p i 've got a room in a souterrain . 
  a wall . 
  baquette hon hon hon. 
  capituler singes . 
  i do n't think that is circlejerky at all . 
  it 's just a little trend here to show nice albums of things that each country has . 
  i liked some of the albums because they were interested . 
  i have no idea what other countries ' highest buildings were for example . 
  it really showed that compared to for example the us , we 're not that much into tall buildings and skyscrapers . 
  the same compensation as the people in the mass graves made by the separatists . 
  i do n't think how happy i am with a political institution based on whether they 're dutch or not . 
  the first absolute monarch , lodewijk i , was pretty popular here . 
   i think you underestimate the research of foreign investers . 
  i 've actually read papers done about this very subject . 
  for example : http://www.prorepublica.info/wp-content/uploads/artikelen_img/110513_kosten_kh/document_3_de_monarchiebonus.pdf  de nederlandse monarchie kost $ 100 miljoen op jaarbasis . 
   politicians are also quite trained in how to deal with the media . 
  i do n't really experience the same vibe about the impressiveness of monarchs , but i can understand that 's a thing . 
  it 's probably not a thing for our royalties . 
  a monarch grows up with massive media attention from the moment he/she is born . 
  growing up with something like that , is incomparable to being trained . 
  someone who deals with media attention from his birth to his death , will always have an advantage over someone that has to be trained on it . 
   that 's the biggest problem of course . 
  what do you do when you have an unpopular monarch on the throne ? 
  elect another one ? 
  if a monarch becomes really unpopular , you throw him out and either put a new monarch in place or become a republic . 
  this has almost happened multiple times in dutch history . 
  the last time the monarchy was in danger was in 1979 . 
  [ the lockheed bribery scandals . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_bribery_scandals ), 
  do n't be fooled . 
  there was actually a lot more resistance to the republic than most people think . 
  it 's not like every dutchman back than was a full supporter of the republic . 
  in fact there were often clashes between staatsgezinden and orangisten . 
  the republic was mostly an oligarchy . 
  there were multiple crisis times due to this . 
  napoleon 's brother was actually very popular here as king . 
  he actually did a lot in favour of the netherlands instead of france . 
  that 's why napoleon was very unhappy with him .
