  what 1300 years ago ? 
  could also be true . 
  i 'm no expert . 
  you 're confusing west-frisia with west-friesland . 
  west-friesland is a part of north-holland . 
  west-frisia is the most western frisia region a.k.a friesland . 
  i was talking about west-frisia , not west-friesland . 
  not much . 
  a lot of students pick languages based on their use later in life . 
  preservation of local culture is a lot less of a factor for students . 
  it was 58 students in 2010 . 
  schools in friesland ( with the exception of a couple ) are obliged by law to give frisian lessons . 
  however there is no minimum so most do as little frisian as possible . 
  the average is 45 minutes a week . 
  any other language ( dutch , german , english and french ) is taught 3 hours a week . 
  * sigh *, 
  my opinion about turkey joining the eu just became a whole lot more positive . 
  i am from a bilingual area ( west-frisia ) and i have the feeling the government is n't doing enough to provide lessons in the local language . 
  schools are required to teach it but there is no minimum which results in a lot of schools neglecting it in favor of other subjects . 
  * seeing you are part of the greens/efa group . 
  what are the requirements you and other mep 's from your group would demand from schools in bilingual areas ? 
  edit : my father would also like to try and ask what you think the eu should do in the field of renewable energy in order to abstain from using russian gas ? 
  most definitely . 
  troy controlled the bosphorus . 
  pretty annoying for greece since there were greek city states around the black sea and in anatolia . 
  i do n't think he 's winning because of his ( sort of ) racist point of view . 
  his recent popularity is mostly thanks to his stance against the eu , the euro and the current coalition . 
  is the efa an actual party ? 
  i do n't see them on the poll . 
  no it does n't that 's what you make out of it . 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  yes . 
  right , get an english course . 
  because i never said anything about punishing people for not breeding . 
  limburgers . 
  no , the ageing problem would disappear . 
  having an average of 2.1 kids will stabilise the population growth , while the larger generations will eventually die, 
  right-o . 
  with overpopulation and ageing problems , the ethics of giving someone social help based on the amount of offspring do n't seem that bad . 
  in fact , i think it 's a very logical thing to do . 
  getting loads of kids only delays the aging problem ( and worsens it . ), 
  you either deal with ageing problems now or you deal with it worse in the future . 
  more education = less children . 
  lower birth rates are a result of higher education wherever we look in the world . 
   most know going in that they the company makes money as they usually look into something before applying . 
  most do n't . 
  also this does n't make a language ` available ' for free . 
  duolingo is a fun starter , but it is n't able to teach you a full language . 
  a2 level is where it gets you , or maybe b1 . 
  but you need at least b2 and most preferably c1 in order to be able to say `` i speak x '' . 
  the stuff you can learn on duolingo can already be found . 
  duolingo only makes it fun for hobbyists and starters by sorting it nicely with a fancy look and making it more like a game . 
  no i 'm dutch . 
  the myth is that the netherlands is called holland . 
  that 's because : 1 ) a lot of people are pretty ignorant in the etymology or simply do n't care . 
  2 ) hollanders are dicks :( . 
  because europe refers to the geographical continent , and since we 're leaving some countries out , it 's a bit unfair . 
  that might be , but that does n't make it any less of a dick move to make a profit out of other people 's free labor . 
  they know it 's volunteer work , but volunteer work usually means that the organisation does n't make a profit and thus relies on volunteers . 
  most people do n't even know that the company makes a profit . 
  i also applied not knowing that it was n't a for profit organisation . 
  that it 's called holland . 
  why a united states of europe ? 
  i would much rather see the bundesrepublik europa . 
  why do have to copy the americans ? 
  i thought we tried everything not to copy the americans ? 
  i think european federation or european republic might be a good name . 
  european union could work as well . 
  but yeah i 'd like it . 
  if we 'd just stop expanding we could have it now . 
  but i would first wait until all european countries ( except russia ) are in the eu and then i 'd wait for them to catch a bit up to the north-west . 
  first do some structural economic reforms like getting a similar retirement age and/or social system . 
  then federate . 
  yes , most teachers here speak with a real british accent and we focus more and british english vocabulary than american english . 
  they specifically stated that they finished it . 
  that 's the problem . 
  if you 're going to make a profit with something , people should n't be doing the work for free . 
  if you make something with profit as a goal , the contributors should share in it . 
  the fact that they call it finished even though the entire introduction page is off says something about the quality . 
  you are n't going to fuck over an entire site and then fix it thanks to people reporting mistakes . 
  you make it as good as possible and then you call it finished . 
  the mistake reporting is there to get little mistakes out that we 're over looked . 
  not to fix an entire webpage . 
  no really . 
  i looked on the dutch forums . 
  the mods there specifically said they no longer accepted people because they 're rounding things up . 
  mao *, 
  i love how you calmly state : `` a shoarma-restaurant exploded '' . 
  as if it happens every day xd, 
  and even better : they are finished with dutch . 
  i tried to apply but i did n't get accepted because they were almost finished . 
  right , ` fair ' trial . 
  a whistleblower should n't even be trailed at all . 
  it 's shit like this that makes politics so shitty . 
  even the people seem to help/support them fuck up our rights and privacy . 
  how are you even sure the us would keep their word ? 
  it 's not like they kept their word a lot the last couple of years . 
  and if they turn out to be lying about giving him a fair trial ? 
  then what ? 
  we just gave them the guy and no way any eu politician or action can bring him back .
