  ( actual between ' ' because it 's relative , the colours you see depend on multiple factors , so no real picture can claim that it shows the ` actual ' colours . ), 
  we also have ` doodstil ' ( dead silent ) , ` dubbroek ' ( dubpants ) , ` denemarken ' ( denmark ) . 
  god damnit it turkey . 
  this why no one wants you here . 
   at least erdogan was elected and has n't spent his reign massacring , deporting and gassing villagers . 
  yet . 
  your logic . 
  it fucks my mind . 
  `` stalin is so evil , he killed millions of people and killed people from all ethnic and religious backgrounds . 
  atleast hitler only killed the jews , gypsies , handicapped and homosexuals . '', 
  cool story bro , does n't change the fact that they 're both cunts . 
  sorry , but that was a hoax : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_hair#extinction_hoax, 
  the esa did have missions to the moon , but those have either been cancelled or put on hold , because germany was already funding 55 % of it and the other member states would n't fund the additional 45 % . 
  this included a manned mission . 
  this was the original proposed timeline : * 2014 -- human mission technologies demonstrator ( s ) to validate technologies for orbital assembly and docking , life support and human habitation . 
  * 2016 -- mars sample return mission with nasa . 
  * 2018 -- a technology demonstrator for aerobraking/aerocapture , solar electric propulsion and soft landing ( formerly envisaged as a smaller arrow-class mission to be launched in 2010 . ), 
  the scientific objectives include exobiological studies as well as study of the surface of mars . 
  * 2024 -- human mission to the moon . 
  * 2026 -- automatic mission to mars . 
  * 2030/2033 -- first human mission to mars , as a split mission . 
  the proposed ariane m rocket may be used for this landing . 
  but because the first european robotic moon lander is put on hold ( since 2012 ) the timeline has changed to : * 2013 -- exomars , a mars rover . 
  the scientific objectives include exobiological studies as well as study of the surface of mars . 
  -- mars sample return mission with nasa * 2018 ? 
  -- a technology demonstrator for aerobraking/aerocapture , solar electric propulsion and soft landing ( formerly envisaged as a smaller arrow-class mission to be launched in 2010 ) * 2026 ? 
  -- automatic mission to mars of course these dates have changed . 
  exomars rover is right now assumed to launch in 2016 and 2018 . 
  it 's not really a space plane . 
  it ca n't actually fly to space itself and land itself . 
  this spacecraft is meant to guide itself autonomously through the atmosphere safely and effectively , and then land with a parachute when it 's slowed down enough . 
   however this is controversial as hell and would be a serious blow to eu popularity amongst many voters ... to be honest , i think most people that are pro-european are pro-legalisation anyway . 
  53 % of british population supports legalisation . 
  i think it might boost the eu 's popularity even . 
  however , the past months/years the dutch government has made steps to make the sale of marijuana more difficult and punishable . 
  the dutch are currently going the opposite way , away from legalisation . 
  i have no examples myself . 
  british scientists in india saw these similarities and thanks to this they discovered the indo-european language family , which was one of the first major discoveries in modern linguistics . 
  a couple decades later discoveries like grimm 's law explained how the different branches ( germanic , italic , slavic etc ) split off from the proto indo-european ancestor . 
  i think he means that the video did n't really tell anything about the fact that even before ww1 there were ideas of a united europe . 
  also interesting : the languages of india like sanskrit and punjabi , have a lot of words that are similar to the germanic translations , and their grammar/syntax looks more like the italic languages . 
  so , you think that they might join the eu while the akp is in power ? 
   i really ca n't see erdoganland making it . 
  that really does sound like one shitty amusement park . 
  that explains where you guys got it from . 
  lol, 
  i 'm not an expert on the issue , there were multiple cultures/peoples living here before the indo-europeans . 
  i know that some were incorporated into the indo-europeans , but i ca n't tell you which ones . 
  once again : i 've never claimed that they were all exterminated . 
  the cultures and people before the indo-europeans were largely destroyed . 
  what remained of them interbred with the indo-europeans , and assimilated into their culture and language . 
  yes , but i 'm more talking about pan-european nationalism . 
  ` mostly destroyed ' means ` almost destroyed ' . 
  large parts of the original cultures were eradicated . 
  the few that were n't , interbred and assimilated into the indo-europeans . 
  whilst we 're talking about neo-nazi 's ... 
  does anyone know any european nationalist songs that are n't neo-nazi ? 
  if you look it up on youtube you get mostly neo-nazi stuff : /, 
   i do n't think a direct line of descent is what was was meant by ` how we got to britain ' . 
  i know , do n't worry . 
  as i was talking about the indo-europeans , i simply assumed that when he said ` we ' he meant indo-european descendants , instead of humans in general . 
  [ oh god ] ( http://img.addfunny.com/funnypictures/hodgepodge/22/infinitefacepalm51a73e569fb53.gif ) i know the map is not north-western europe , we simply call it that . 
  it 's not north-western europe , it 's just the tradition/use to call it that . 
  the north-sea is n't northern , yet we still call it northern . 
  what we call eastern europe is n't really eastern europe , because we like to lump central europe and the real eastern europe together ( a.k.a post-soviet countries in europe ) the same goes for the benelux , the british isles and germany . 
  it 's not the real north-west of europe , but we call it north-west anyway . 
  what 's wrong with talking about the indo-europeans ? 
  i simply said : ` wow , this is what it looked like before even our indo-european ancestors arrived ' . 
  not my fault that suddenly everyone here starts questioning it . 
  no , most people call germany , the benelux and the isles north-western europe . 
  when we say ` north-western ' we do n't actually mean that it 's in the top left corner of the map . 
  north western europe is n't actually north-western , but we call it that anyway . 
  yes , but those people were n't indo-europeans . 
  the people that built stonehenge were mostly destroyed , the few remaining assimilated into the indo-europeans . 
  the celtic branch of the indo-europeans conquered the isles when stonehenge was mostly finished . 
  actually , most people refer to west-germany , the benelux and the british isles as north-western europe . 
  iceland is mostly said to be northern europe together with scandinavia . 
  yes , but i was talking about our indo-european ancestors , not the [ corded ware culture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corded_ware_culture ) . 
  the people that lived here before the indo-europeans were mostly destroyed by the indo-europeans , and almost all others assimilated into the indo-europeans . 
  the first indo-europeans that populated the british isles , did so by approximately 450 bc . 
  the first indo-europeans started migrating from their ` urheimat ' approximately 5 to 4 thousand years ago . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ie_expansion.png the size of indo-european expansion up until 1000 bc . 
  there were no indo-europeans in europe 5k years ago , let alone 40k . 
  7,000 years ago . 
  our indo-european ancestors had n't even arrived back then . 
  according to my german teacher , i write in cuneiform . 
  i 'll phrase it better : now westminster seems to not keep their promises ... ... we 've still got to see what westminster is going to do exactly . 
  i already said multiple times that i never said that there are no palm trees in europe . 
  what i 'm arguing here is that you 're accusing me of saying i did . 
  i already admitted i was wrong on the palm tree issue and the issue of where the picture was taken . 
  because i 've already been told that they 're quite common in southern europe . 
  so why are you going down the ever-expanding rabbit hole and accusing me of what ever you feel like . 
   then you should n't be posting comments like that , belive it or not , there are palm trees in the mediterraneum , many in fact , it 's an species native to that coast . 
  there is nothing wrong with my comments . 
  i simply said that i thought it did n't look like europe , and then recalled that in my experience i 've never seen palm trees whenever i did visit the mediterranean . 
  and before you 're going to say :  you did n't say you ` thought ' it , you said it as if it were a fact , as an absolute statement . 
  welcome to the english language ( or natural human language in general ) , where a statement without the words ' i think ' are n't necessarily indicative of an absolute statement . 
  i said that it ` does n't look ' like europe . 
  that means that it could be europe , but i 'm not sure . 
  nor am i saying that i am absolutely right about no palm trees in europe , i am saying that i am guessing ( guessing ) it is n't europe , and i am guessing that because i 've never seen palm trees whenever i visited it .
