  electricity during low periods in the solar/wind period , and instead they spun up some new coal generators instead !, 
  do n't get me wrong , of course there are concerns about nuclear , but the luddites at the german green party have taken it all out of proportion and operate on their feelings of how scary it is , rather than any kind of actual technical knowledge or expertise on the subject . 
  you have a point but i 'm not taking it serious , because you are n't taken the other side serious . 
  `` the european greens have been highjacked by german ` green ' culture which has more basis in feelings , than facts . '', 
  that 's because this is a subject that mostly has to do with feeling . 
  we can live without green energy , but we want to . 
  `` they 're virulently anti-nuclear '' why is this a point against them ? 
  `` have little understanding of how grid capacity and electricity transmission works , and want to defund iter , a project that is pretty similar in scope to the large hadron collider on the basis that the money would be better spent on ` renewable energy ' , ignoring that german grids are nearly at capacity for renewables and the myriad innovative technological and economic benefits of pushing the limits of modern technology so far . '', 
  this is based upon your feelings and is not a fact . 
  they do n't look like terrible people ... 
  it 's a bit the opposite here in frisia . 
  almost no frisians want any kind of independence , but when the dutch government no longer wanted frisian as one of the national languages , the frisians protested massively against it . 
  in scotland people would rather have independence than their own language . 
  in frisia people would rather have their own language than independence . 
  i am not saying they should . 
  i was asking a question . 
  `` the words `` revolutionary tribunal '' are written under the kyiv city state administration plate . '', 
  we must n't jump to immediate conclusions . 
  let 's first wait and see what happens with these images ... 
  yes and ? 
  what are you trying to tell me aside from your personal opinion i 've never asked about ? 
  i would call it a failure then because these pictures/video 's have n't gone viral . 
  yeah , but their presence alone can already create dangerous situations . 
  let 's hope he leaves it at that ... 
  but then again . 
  people under pressure make bad decisions ... 
  i think this is something that needs to be taken serious . 
  if he uses this artillery/armor shit is going to hit the fan . 
  the pictures look like that indeed . 
  no soldiers on them , only tanks on a train looking pretty deserted actually . 
  but : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1pw2lmvqdk, 
  the question is about scottish language in general . 
  so both . 
  a language and it 's people are always close tied . 
  a lot of people view their languages as part of their identity . 
  if you identify yourself as scottish so much that you want independence , than you 're also probably a backer of more scots/gaelic . 
  in many other places it 's the exact opposite . 
  pretty much no one here in frisia wants independence . 
  but if you touch the frisian language , better prepare your anus . 
  uisge beatha according to the dictionary . 
  edit : does n't look like anything serious . 
  no soldiers or whatsoever . 
  let 's keep an eye out just to be sure ... 
   how do scottish people feel about having scottish language play a bigger role in everyday life next to english ? 
  next to english . 
  every scottish citizen should know both scots and english . 
  that 's what i 'm asking about , not completely getting rid of english and replacing it with scots , making english a second language . 
  they can . 
  we are . 
  there are like 6 links on the front page , more than any other country at the moment . 
  better rephrase it then : western people are politically too lazy nowadays :p, 
  it also heavily depends on whether you live in an urban or rural area i guess . 
   in the western countries we 've had 50 years to adjust to it , the ex-communist countries have only had a few decades is n't 50 years a few decades ? 
  western people are too lazy nowadays to revolt . 
  the only thing we westerners do is shout around on the internet and hold peaceful protests with sometimes short riots around them . 
  it 's going to be a cold spring then , if it 's even coming ... 
  netherlands . 
  before 3 . 
  before . 
  before, 
  as cgpgrey stated : england likes to pretend it 's somewhere in the middle of the ocean in contact with the us instead of just a couple of miles off the coast of france . 
  yeah what australian says . 
  i feel european , dutch and frisian . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.noties.nl/peil.nl/ ) the coalition is vvd-pvda and the anti-eu party is pvv . 
  in the graph . 
  this is n't the first crisis , you know ? 
  many crises have struck the west in the past . 
  they always fix themselves after a while . 
  within a few years the worst will be behind us . 
  then a couple of decades later a new crisis will strike , we recover . 
  couple decades later a new crisis strikes etcetera etcetera . 
  i still wonder . 
  is it really that hard for a country to make more money than spend it ? 
  that 's because mainly pro-eu people went to vote . 
  anti-eu people only really voted in national elections . 
  with recent years , many anti-eu people are going to vote in the european elections . 
  dutch voters are mainly going to vote for anti-eu parties . 
  the coalition parties are at a staggering low . 
  32 out of 150 seats belong to the coalition in the polls . 
  the most anti-eu party has 30 seats on its own , making them the biggest party . 
  people should n't bitch about gordon . 
  just ignore him . 
  that still leaves countless options more beneficial to the british economy . 
  then who does ? 
  the majority here does n't want the jsf . 
  buying it does n't benefit the eu governments nor the people/airforce . 
  it only benefits the americans . 
  there is no need for going for the more expensive jsf when cheaper aircraft can easily replace the f-16 . 
  the american government has a motif , it earns them money and gives them influence in foreign militaries . 
  besides , we all know the european governments cuddle with the american government ... they would buy anything if it benefits america ... 
  the typhoon will never be a success in europe . 
  america forces many of the european countries to buy the jsf . 
  do americans always react that way too words they do n't understand ? 
  when you look at maps like these you begin to realize how close for example kazakhstan and iran actually are to europe ... 
  here [ it ] ( http://www.luckymedia.nl/luckytv/2011/09/aardschok-limburg/ ) is . 
  well go away then . 
  if the free movement annoys you , step out of the eu . 
  typically the british cockblocking government . 
  europe is n't about you . 
  have n't you guys noticed yet what happened to [ limburg ?
