  they 've also shown that the population has significant support and might get a majority in a referendum . 
  in theory it is , is n't it ? 
  the right to self-determination is a human right . 
  what agreements are made between eu states and kosovo is the business of kosovo and the eu states , no matter what russia and china think of it . 
  the eu will simply add kosovo to it 's members list and countries like russia and china will simply act as if kosovo does n't even exist . 
  wtf are all these rosetta posts about it waking up ? 
  it woke up a long time ago . 
  an esa probe that 's going to orbit and land on a comet . 
  it was in hibernation in order to protect the systems during the journey . 
   i knew the downvotes would come . 
  talk shit , get shit . 
  yes , european soviet union . 
  that 's why the christian-democrats are the biggest group and not the communists . 
  because this whole union is soviet . 
  i 've never met much englishmen that liked america solemnly for speaking the same language , before ww2 england and the us sure as hell did n't like each other . 
  in fact , right before ww2 the us were planning a war with england . 
  in the caribbean there are little countries/overseas territories that speak dutch , but not much dutchmen feel ` close ' to those regions . 
  england : pretending it 's somewhere in the middle of the atlantic cuddling up with the united states instead of just a couple kilometres from the coast of france . 
  switch places with australia . 
  the australians have shown during the eurovision songcontest that they 're good enough to be europeans . 
  http://youtu.be/tusji8nksj0?t=27s 0:54 bam !, 
  fuck off britain . 
  ( ireland collateraled ), 
  well you have to say : the decrease in turn out apparently stopped . 
  maybe this is a turning point with citizens becoming more aware of the eu . 
  i do n't know about the comment . 
  to me it would seem possible that you can be so surprised/shocked by someone throwing a baby at you that before you even know it you 've been robbed . 
  it can actually happen like this o_o ? 
  the title is sarcastic . 
  hence fascist between '' . 
   i can go without shower for weeks gamer me : you merely adopted the filth . 
  i was born in it , molded by it . 
  i did n't saw a shower until i was already a man . 
  you must be new here ... 
  how strong is the support for joining with georgia again in abkhazia ? 
  addition : i do n't know if it applies to the entire country , but in my elementary school , the last 2 years we could choose two things : humanism or religion . 
  once a week we would come together with a special guest teacher to learn about our subject . 
  some people took 1 year of religion and 1 year of humanism , pretty much everyone else took 2 years of humanism . 
  pretty much none ( i think it might even be none ) choose 2 years of religion . 
  shame really . 
  i believe the demands are in fact possible . 
  they 'll just take a shitload of time to meet . 
  coalitions are often numbered . 
  for example , the current dutch coalition is called ` rutte ii ' because it 's the second time rutte functions as prime-minister . 
  germany now has merkel iv if i 'm not mistaken . 
  indeed . 
  in the us it would be very hypocrite to stop immigration , especially because the country was founded by immigrants after they slaughtered almost the entire indigenous population . 
  two words : financial crisis . 
  the crisis began in 2008 and the numbers this article uses come from after 2008 . 
  of course there 's going to be a trend during crisis times . 
  but after the crisis is over , which is n't going to take decades . 
  ( in fact , we 're beginning to recover ), 
  ukraine 2.0 incoming ? 
  and the problem is ... ? 
  i 've always had the impression most people here are not anti-immigration . 
  not specifically . 
  no , not in that way . 
  i meant :  the amount of angry pms i get form some users here is hilarious . 
  most of the time it 's not even over a comment where i intended to push it a little to the extreme . 
  no wonder with that nordic union of you all the time . 
  really ? 
  centre-right ? 
  where is that survey when you need it ... 
   i also get downvoted very often when arguing against arguments like `` there is no space left in my country for immigrants , we should kick them all out '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure that people here are n't anti-immigration . 
  the nordic union . 
  the eu has more people and more money , but the problem is that those 2 things are divide over 28 countries and some associating states , with different cultures and policies . 
  it 's not about being used to securing influence . 
  european countries have done a lot of that in the past . 
  they 're also rude to a lot of other people . 
  last time i watched them they really annoyed a russian shop owner because of the whole ukraine thing . 
  his face : :d, 
  yes , in ukraine . 
  but this is n't likely in the baltics . 
  the baltics , unlike crimea and eastern-ukraine , are not filled with supporters of russia . 
  in fact the russian minorities in the baltics have already clearly stated that they do not seek any russian help , in contrast to what happened in crimea and eastern-ukraine . 
  i 'm not talking about the eu battlegroups or the eurocorps . 
  i 'm talking about the not yet existing european military . 
   but then , otoh , we do n't want to escalate the situation , either , and moving troops like that would be rather obvious and loud sabre-rattling . 
  russia did it . 
  sending a few battalions to eastern europe would n't start a war or anything like it . 
  russian would n't like it , but then again , they 're not supposed to . 
  this does n't really mater because as you said , russia really would n't invade the baltics . 
  this is more about showing eastern europe that they are n't alone . 
  sending entire eu forces to them as defence gives off a better message than a few nato troops . 
  if we 'd have a standing european army we could 've send a couple of battalions to the eastern border . 
  the eu would be far more interested in protecting it than a lot of it 's member states . 
  only if a majority of the people living in the area agree . 
  if you ca n't proof that a majority of the people in the region you claim to be independent agrees with you , no republic for you . 
  you need to convince other states that the majority agrees , only then will they recognize your republic . 
  unless that other state has a big political quarrel with you . 
  a majority of turkish cypriots obviously supports the republic , but because most countries in the world see it as an occupation they do not recognize it . 
  so there are two ingredients : * majority support in the region you claim * no political problems with other major countries, 
  it is a fundamental right . 
   article 1 in both the international covenant on civil and political rights ( iccpr ) and the international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights ( icescr ) reads : `` all peoples have the right of self-determination . 
  by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic , social and cultural development . '', 
  yeah , in reality reports say that the repaille party actually did a lot of stuff but were seriously silenced by the media , resulting in their decline only a few years later . 
  you can change the keyboard . 
  in windows 7 there is a language sign in bottom-right . 
  it says ` nl ' for me .
