  never did that . 
   and your solution is silincing the people you disagree with . 
  i never see any content from you people . 
  no , my solution is silencing the people that have effectively ruined this subreddit . 
  people have been getting more and more far right here , and any incentive by the mods to stop it is met even with death threats . 
  the mods can be criticized , but when mods are criticized for simply being mods there is something wrong with you . 
  / r/europe is n't restrictive enough . 
  this subreddit 's threads remind me of your average idiot filled news article comment sections . 
  the / r/europe community has destroyed / r/europe , and the mods suck at stopping the community from doing it . 
   change after change , almost all of them are massively downvoted by our community . 
  i think it 's mostly because the community is pretty shit . 
  have you ever determined whether a political proposal about reforming a country in exchange for loans from other sovereign stages ? 
  what makes you think a proposal can not be rejected in 2 hours ? 
  it does n't take long to see that a proposal does n't meet you 're requirements . 
  you are making assumptions about a subject you know little about and have little experience with . 
  okay . 
  yes . 
  that 's a blatant assumption . 
  anything you have that points towards the troika never even having read the proposals ? 
  or are you just one of those types that thinks because the troika did n't like something he liked , the troika must have never given the thing a fair chance . 
  to me you and the guy below just seem so left , anyone disagreeing with the left must be out to destroy it . 
  it is , just because a country is a democratic does n't mean it can get debts without paying them and then get away without consequences . 
  it is greece 's choice if they 're going to pay it back , but greece ca n't dictate what other countries do . 
  it can not force countries to loan to them . 
  it is perfectly democratic for counties to say `` if you do not reform , we will not loan '' . 
  saying you wo n't loan to someone who is n't willing to get his economic situation back on the rails is n't blackmail , its common sense . 
  we used to invade countries that did n't pay back their debts . 
  i always wonder what will happen after 2100 . 
  obviously population will decline after hitting it 's peak , but to what degree ? 
  fertility is linked to development , but does this have a limit when confronted with a declining population ? 
  does fertility go up again , against the rule that more development equals less fertility , when the population is threatened with decline ? 
  so many questions . 
  ah , i see you are one of those people that takes every word completely literal . 
  obviously i meant human caused climate change , not natural climate change . 
   and some animals will die , that is called natural selection , previously it was nature that was the key to who survived and who did n't . 
  obviously , but it should n't be in our interest to kill beings and change our environment for the worst without real reason to do so . 
  unlike animals that undergo natural selection , we can think and steer that natural selection . 
  it would be ridiculous to accidentally steer natural selection towards an extinction event , because our excuse for fixing it is `` well it 's natural selection '' . 
  i 'd argue that man made climate change is not causing natural selection , it is causing artificial selection . 
  we choose whether animals are going to have to adapt to a worsening climate , and it would make sense for us to decide they should n't . 
   and maybe the chances of a nuclear war is very small , but you and i know that there will be atleast 1 person to push the button . 
  no matter how many people push the button , the chances of the button being pressed is so small , it is almost non-existant compared to the chance of man made climate changed causing havoc . 
  his comment is more original than your 's, 
  did you just seriously copy and paste from another comment chain ? 
  there is no threat of a nuclear war , the chance of that is incredibly small , whilst the chance on climate change is pretty much 100 %, 
  yep . 
  because climate changes has the potential to kill more humans and animals ( a lot of which will also go extinct ) than all those things combined . 
  of course , i am just saying that this video is not a sign of ` the dutch ' standing up for ` free speech ' , since it is mostly a wilders thing and most people are n't that interested in these video 's . 
  literally most dutch do n't like these video 's , not because of their content , but because wilders keeps throwing this kind of stuff around . 
  again , tell that to the people opposing it , not me . 
  tell that to the people opposed to it , not me . 
  i do n't think that would happen . 
  here in the netherlands there have been talks about getting back conscription , especially making it mandatory for young people with problems ( with the law ) and also young people with a risk of getting radicalised . 
  the big problem with people getting to agree with it , is that many people fear that we would essentially be training radicals . 
  edit : it seems people misinterpret me , i am just giving you an observation of what is going on in the debate here , and what problems the pro-conscription side is having . 
  i am not giving personal views on the issue . 
  lol . 
   so what i 'm saying is the population in africa could explode and it would n't affect us at all if we did n't want it to . 
  haha . 
   so the ` global population explosion ' is really an african population explosion . 
  not our problem . 
  correct but it is our problem , as the tens of thousands of refugees trying to get into europe already show . 
  this is the funny thing with ` let 's close all our border people ' . 
  they want to stop immigration , yet they do not want to stop immigration . 
  you can forget about it . 
  no matter how big anti-immigration parties will get , closing the borders completely is a wet dream . 
  as nice as it might seem to you , it 's fake . 
  do they look for any other solution ? 
  nope , too close minded . 
  do they have backup plan of their ` all borders closed ' solution fails ? 
  they do n't . 
  this is the problem , anti-immigration people pretend to be the only ones who realize there is a problem , but ironically they 're the people least familiar with the problem and the science behind it . 
  except i did n't . 
  and ? 
  that map argues nothing . 
  it only shows that africa is the largest contributor of the growth , but i never denied that . 
   and ... 
  if africans trash africa , that 's unfortunate because it 's a pretty place , but it only become our problem if we let it . 
  the number of people that could classify as ` refugees ' is essentially limitless . 
  and ? 
  it changes nothing about what i said . 
  i do n't know what 's your point . 
   if ever the extremes take over in europe , do you think they would `` attack '' africa , say , bomb the coast so they do n't try and cross ? 
  i do n't see that happening no ... 
  i do n't think there is any serious ` extreme ' party that is that aggresive . 
   should our response be preparing for containment or trying to `` improve '' africa ? 
  i do n't see that we 've been having a lot of success either way . 
  containment of what ? 
  the people in africa ? 
  in that case we need both . 
  there needs to be an actual migration system better up the task . 
  we also need to improve africa , and it might not seem like it , but thanks to foreign aid things have improved massively in africa . 
  so there is certainly a point to it . 
  yes , and ? 
  get your head out of the clouds . 
  `` we should improve our system that will most likely never be able to handle the situation if it gets worse , whilst relying on that the countries least able and least willingly to solve the huge problem looming around the corner will solve it '' and statements like saying africa should just do as asia did is like mitt romney saying that the poor should just get richer . 
  not only because they 're two entire different situations and hugely simplifies it , but also because asia did not sort it out . 
  ah , and apparently that makes it so that a population increase of 5 billion people is not going to affect us ? 
  i know , i am just saying that there is no shame in it . 
  how about we all prepare for that ?
