  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqugd0y9e1c ), 
  ah , council then . 
  i agree so much ... 
  the parliament is basically the only place in the eu where citizens get a say and it 's not the most powerful institution . 
  like the german chancellor has much power in the commission but only german citizens can vote on who 's going to be chancellor . 
  if something has power in the eu , it should 've been given that power by all europeans . 
  some guy also called norway/sweden netherlands and the netherlands , sweden . 
  i love the guy that merged belgium and the netherlands . 
  the kingdom is back . 
  title made it look like the eu was doing worse than russia in many ways when you look at the demographics . 
  the article really only talks about shrinking population numbers in europe , which are greater than russia . 
  i do n't think that means it 's ` worse ' . 
  it all depends on how you look at it . 
  a shrinking population might actually be a good thing . 
  actually , joining the efta : * you pay membership fees * no say in eu laws in exchange for that you get : * free movement throughout europe * you are allowed to ignore laws that regard farming , fishing , tax , justice and foreign policy . 
  in other words , only laws that are supposed to make trade and travel between eu/efta more easy need to be followed , all others may be ignored . 
  so basically you pay membership fees for easier trade/travel with/in the eu, 
   check out how many protesters were there in dnepropetrovsk ( few hundreds ) that few hundred is still a couple ten thousands short ofthe pro-eu protest . 
  do n't think so , america has enough cadets of its own . 
  they would obviously prefer american cadets over european cadets . 
  unless these people are more talented than their own . 
  completely agree . 
  go on for example a dutch site as [ nujij ] ( http://nujij.nl ) in which you can discuss news and user placed articles . 
  put one pro-eu comment on it and you get downvoted to hell , you even get yelled at . 
  you also get a shitload of insults at you . 
  it 's a relief to have a place where i can discuss europe with people that agree for once ... 
  yanukovych stands above all of the ukraine . 
  deciding not to join the eu , against the people 's will i guess . 
  i partly agree . 
  the eu should first work on it 's image , which has been damaged the past couple of years thanks to the crisis , before continuing expansion . 
  more expansion will only damage the eu 's image further in the north-west . 
  you should 've seen his slogan . 
  russia and the eu becoming friends will take many decades . 
  the ukraine and belarus should n't miss the train simply because russia does n't want to take it . 
  it 's better to join the eu , as you said , russia will eventually come too . 
  why stay behind with russia until that moment ? 
  this is what wikipedia says : `` white russia , alternatively known as white rus ' or white ruthenia , is a dated term for the eastern part of present-day belarus , including the cities of polotsk , vitebsk , and mogilev . 
  situated in the historical region of ruthenia or rus ' , the name was a literal translation of belaya rus ' ( belarusian and russian : \u0411\u0435\u043b\u0430\u044f \u0420\u0443\u0441\u044c ) , meaning `` white rus ' '' . 
  the term is occasionally still used synonymously of belarus as a whole . '', 
  and this is the explanation of another website : `` belarus is called white russia as this was the name the russian tsars used to describe the land when they captured it in the 17th century . 
  the russians tried to remove any connection between them and the people they had conquered in belarus . 
  they tried to call it ` the north-west province ' but the name failed to gain popularity . '', 
  well if i had a say in it i would n't let ukraine join anyway . 
  not until the eu 's current problems are solved . 
  we still have the euro crisis to deal with and a gigantic rise in eu-hate . 
  i think we should first solve those problems before expanding even further . 
  the dutch name for belarus is n't ` wit-rusland ' for nothing . 
  ` wit-rusland ' literally translates to ` white-russia . ', 
  he said :  at it 's worst he never actually said that furry = beastiality . 
  indeed . 
  da'esh seems to be much more keen on attacking europe than the us . 
  there is less need for the us to get involved big time . 
  it became popular with people outside of iran . 
  one of the reasons many people in the west started calling it farsi was because many migrants to the west from iran called it farsi . 
  those immigrants kept calling it farsi because that is the persian word , and they often did not know the name in the language of the country they migrated to , like people who fled after the revolution and did not have time to study the languages of the countries they fled to . 
  it is however the incorrect name in english . 
   right know the independentists are at 73 with 10 % of votes counted , but seem to be decreasing as the counting grows . 
  it 's likely it will be close . 
  it 's 72 seats now , after a 60 % of votes counted . 
  i do n't think your theory of seat decreasing holds up ... 
  technically . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnoreligious_group racism does n't only talk about races , but also about ethnicities . 
  being able to be racist to muslims even though they 're not a race is also explained by this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism#cultural  it can be defined as societal beliefs and customs that promote the assumption that the products of a given culture , including the language and traditions of that culture are superior to those of other cultures . 
  it shares a great deal with xenophobia , which is often characterised by fear of , or aggression toward , members of an outgroup by members of an ingroup . 
   cultural racism exists when there is a widespread acceptance of stereotypes concerning different ethnic or population groups . 
  where racism can be characterised by the belief that one race is inherently superior to another , cultural racism can be characterised by the belief that one culture is inherently superior to another . 
  i 'm glad there 's atleast one guy in the modteam with some balls . 
  read the second part . 
  being secular does not necessarily mean you do not participate in religion . 
  it depends on the situation . 
  when we say someone is ` secular ' as a person , we mean they think religion is personal , and believe in church ( or mosque ) separation from government . 
  if we call a government secular , we mean it does separate religion and governance . 
  america is a secular country , even though the percentage of believing christians is much higher there in than in the rest of the western world . 
  it also really depends on a lot of factors . 
  for example : a secular jew , is often meant as someone who is ethnically of jewish decent , but does n't believe . 
  a secular muslim , is often meant as someone who believes but is moderate . 
  and the people in heidenau are which ? 
  from all i 've heard those are mostly syrian , which would make them refugees . 
  well there are a lot of shura councils , is n't there ? 
  if you want to know if mass murder being approved by a shura council makes it justified in muslim eyes , i 'd first like to know what happens when two shura councils disagree ... 
  ` secular ' does not mean ` non-believing ' . 
  ` secular ' means not participating in religion . 
  for example : shitting is not a religious activity , so it is a secular activity . 
  praying is a religious activity , so it is not a secular activity . 
  when we say someone is ` secular ' , we often mean that they think religion should n't rule . 
  most christians in europe are ` secular ' , which means they support the fact that governance is not done through any religion . 
  when we say someone is a secular muslim , we mean he does not agree that people should be governed through sharia , islamic law . 
  but that religion is personal , and that religious leaders only lead the religion whilst the government has the sovereignty . 
  he already said that . 
  the problem is also that when the people who are in between express themselves , they 're treated like if they were sjw 's . 
  right , so greece should take them all instead ? 
  that does n't seem very clever to me . 
  again : same happened with pvv and wilders . 
  the situation here in the netherlands has n't changed since . 
  they underestimated him with a large margin in the 2010 elections . 
  they overestimated him in the 2012 elections . 
  http://www.allepeilingen.com/index.php/peilingen-politieke-partijen-vanaf-2004-pvv.html a graph of all polling of his party ( the big dots are election results ) really , a populist party doubling in polls is n't that special . 
  you 're saying we ca n't draw too many conclusions from this , but honestly : you ca n't draw any conclusion from this . 
  meh , in polls wilders was going to get the most votes too here in the netherlands . 
  never happened .
