  you 're just deluded and you see the entire world as good and evil . 
  i do n't see the world like that , but in your comment you assume we 're somehow to blame for doing stuff out of self interest , whilst that is something we all do and thus is hardly relevant . 
   of course it fucking matters . 
  you presented like you were doing us a favor , which is an absolutely false . 
  and it helped you , did n't it ? 
  so what if we said we did n't do it out of self interest ( something no one really denies , so i have no idea where you 'd get this from ) , you still benefited from it , we benefited from it . 
  all happy . 
   it 's clear that you 're simply incapable of having a debate , all your posts reduce to arguing against strawmen . 
  yur 're not worth my time . 
  to me it is clear that you 're simply incapable of having a debate , all your posts reduce to arguing against strawmen . 
  you 're not worth my team . 
  go back to the rpr if we westerners are so bad . 
   for how long ? 
  how are we going to keep them in eastern europe when they will obviously decide that going into western europe would be much better for them ? 
  are we going to keep them here under threat ? 
  you 're making a fly out of an elephant . 
  no one is trying to pump millions of refugees into eastern europe . 
  even if we 'd send enough your way in order to help solve our problems , it would barely affect eastern european demographics or refugees influence on the politics of eastern europe . 
  besides , the way to keep immigrants where they are is clearly stated . 
  they will be assigned to a country , if they are found inside a country they 're not assigned to , they 're put on a bus back to the country they were assigned to . 
  a permit will allow them to live as refugee/asylum seekers in country x , if you as refugee do not have a permit for country x you 'll be shipped to country x. 
  if you try to cheat by throwing away your permit , we 'll assume you wanted to get rid of it so you could sneak to the richer areas and we 'll give you a permit for a non-rich area . 
  keeping the refugees in their countries is a no brainer and requires no threats or violence . 
   i do not want to help you commit suicide . 
  easter europe will not necessarily become one as well . 
  you will be first , and as your culture rots with islamic fervor and the weakness of political correctness , we may see it before it is too late for us . 
  if that happens , there is still hope with the us . 
  hell , even china and russia may be our salvation . 
  or perhaps reformers like maajid nawaz and free thinkers like sam harris will be able to push for islam 's reform and against islam . 
  but that may be too optimist , i 'm afraid . 
  or maybe we 'll colonize venus and mars and leave this world to rot . 
  which as previously stated , means nothing coming from a person knowing nothing of the region or it 's policies . 
  i am not taking anything you say about islam , western opinion of islam and western policies regarding islam . 
  those are subjects you have zero knowledge of . 
  lol . 
   bullfuckingshit , no western country has done anything out of generosity , it 's all self interest . 
  right , and westerner are evil for it . 
  be honest , your countries are n't anymore innocent when it comes to doing stuff out of self interest instead of generosity . 
  it was out of self interest , but if it helped you , what does it even matter ? 
   we owe you exactly nothing , if you want your country to be filled with uneducated islamic africans that are as likely to radicalize as they are to get a job that 's your fucking right , but none here signed up for it . 
  i can see you 're one of those backwards eastern europeans who seem to be happy if it was still pre 1989 and like to think they know all about the west , yet use soviet stereotyping of the west to form their opinions . 
  we do not exactly owe you anything either . 
  so lets disband the eu and nato , every man for himself . 
   as far as i 'm concerned the only solution is one like australia implemented , but most in western europe are just to fucking naive to be able to remove their heads from their asses long enough for such a pragmatic solution to be adopted . 
  yes , yes we westerners are all coward treehuggers who do not know how to efficiently solve problems , unlike the ussr . 
   as far as i 'm concerned the only solution is one like australia implemented australia 's policies only hide the problem , it does n't actually solve it . 
  i did below , and the reason i am not going to adress your points because : you 're a non-western european , who knows nothing about the politics of western europe , nothing about the culture of western europe , nothing about the people of western europe or their opinions . 
  this means you also know nothing about where western europe is headed . 
  it 's like discussing ww2 with someone who does n't know what germany is , who does n't know what nazis are , who does n't know who hitler was and does n't know who jews were . 
  i would n't address such a person 's points either . 
   it is n't eastern eu who does n't follow its nato duties . 
  haha . 
   let 's be honest here . 
  he said after his first sentence was a lie . 
   no one is expecting western europe to protect us ( all of europe ) from russia . 
  yes , but almost everyone is expecting western europe to help protect us ( all of europe ) . 
  so if everyone expects us to help , why should n't we expect you to help . 
  and if we should n't expect your help , why should you expect our ? 
   we 're not obliged to commit cultural suicide . 
  neither are we obliged to force greece to commit economical and social suicide by destroying its economy through russian sanctions . 
  you 're not obliged to commit cultural suicide ( whatever the hell that is ) , but you are obliged to assist us . 
   we want to become like you , to fully embrace western civilization , to benefit from what it gave the world : freedom , human rights , science and a high standard of living . 
  yes , and if you want our help in that , you help us . 
   we do n't want to become a civil-war , torn , sharia shit-hole . 
  neither do we ( nor will we , it is nothing but fear mongering , coming from someone who knows zero about the west and thus has zero knowledge about the future of the west ) , and be honest ( like you wanted ) if all of western europe is a sharia shit-hole , eastern europe is n't that safe either . 
  a reminder that we choose not to kill , no matter the circumstances . 
  this is hilarious . 
  there are a lot of people helping eastern european countries restore the damage communism has done and trying to bring their economies to high standards . 
  i do n't get the feeling you 're one of them , since your mindset seems to be completely 20th century soviet , including completely deluded ideas of what the west is , what it does or what it 's people are like . 
  it is . 
  libya is still 100 % a country according to international law . 
  all of a sudden it 's about fairness and sharing the burden , where was this concern when they were debating greek debt ? 
  it is here now while we 're in a second cold war with russia and it has been for a while after we 've massively invested and helped former ussr and warsaw pact countries . 
   this quota system is doa . 
  if sweden , germany and austria have some more guilt to work off , that 's fine , but do n't bother the rest of us . 
  right , if you 're having problems with russia , that 's fine , but do n't bother the rest of us . 
  this is the european union , not the eastern european investors club . 
  we helped and help you , you help us . 
   thank you very much , but how about you guys ( west , south and north europe ) deal with it on your own . 
  after all , we ( central and east europe ) do n't have any need to clear our conscience of colonial guilt . 
  right , and we 've never been part of the ussr . 
  why do n't you guys deal with russia without the rest of europe and without the us . 
  if you 're going to want our help , we 're going to have to count on your help . 
  the west has done a lot for former ussr and warsaw pact countries and we 're doing stuff for you now , helping with a couple refugees ( you wo n't be flooded at all , nor do you have many non-european refugees and immigrants anyway ) is the least you can do . 
  we ca n't . 
  international law . 
  indeed , it did . 
  a lot would n't have been possible if the ussr had n't fucked itself up . 
  we 're enjoying that fact , very much . 
  thank you , 
  there is no or . 
  the coalition won the war . 
  that is a fact . 
  why are you talking about ww2 when you do n't even know who won it ? 
  for a moment i thought you were talking about the n-va and i was thinking : `` yeaah , of course a frenchie would see them as extreme '', 
   would i have signed the pact molotov did ? 
  hell yeah i would have . 
  would i have backstabbed hitler and attacked him first ? 
  hell yeah i would have and how would you have done that stalin ? 
  how could you back stab hitler ?
