  the water is slightly contaminated but it 's because of the pipes . 
  people in most-european countries ( including countries like italy , spain , portugal ( and france i think ? ) ), 
  i never knew southern-europe had a communist era ? 
  i do n't think potentially ruining the environment and your drinking water is worth the short term money . 
  fracking would n't get greece enough money anyway . 
  ofcourse . 
  that names actually sounds threathening . 
  `` fire the trebupults ! '', 
  so , tomorrow evening shit will hit the fan ? 
  oh god . 
  i guess , just like what happened in egypt . 
   now the issue is how this one is going to stop without mass deaths or arrests . 
  he never claimed there were ` mass deaths ' he claimed that there will be ` mass deaths ' if this continues . 
  looking at your bad english writing and comprehension i 'd say you are russian . 
  a lot of live streams automatically post recordings of each live event after the live stream goes off air . 
  it 's a mix between a catapult and a trebuchet . 
  i heard that a greenhouse gas emission decrease of 50 % is enough to stop global warming , why is 40 % so bad ? 
   anyone in germany , scandinavia , the british isles , or especially eastern europe has no linguistic tie to latin . 
  alright it 's time for you to leave . 
  the british isles have no linguistic tie to latin , are you sure ? 
  if we disregard the majority of english words , then you 're right . 
  europe still has more linguistic ties to latin than the us . 
  this is a fact . 
  no matter how many speakers of a latin derived language you have in the us , it does not weigh up to the ties of europe to latin . 
   that 's an incorrect analogy . 
  americans are culturally descended from the romans to the same degree the average european is . 
  i was n't talking about cultural descendance . 
   more people in the western hemisphere speak a latin-derived language than in europe , anyway . 
  those people are n't americans , they are south-americans . 
  the word ` american ' refers to someone from the united states . 
  the languages spoken in south-america were derived from latin but were born in europe . 
  south-america speaks a european language . 
  british people also have a better claim to ` english ' than the us does because it 's where it originally came from . 
  do people in america speak latin ? 
  no , they speak english . 
  the roman empire may be gone , but we still have more reasons to have it as our language as the us . 
  the fact that the roman empire was located in europe , is still better than the american situation where the romans never have been . 
  because the roman empire and the largest part of latin history are located in europe . 
  saying that latin is also a language of ` americans ' is a bit like the us claiming chinese is also its language since there are chinese speakers . 
   ut who 's speaking about sacrificing everything ? 
  if the only party who promoted basque also promoted the rape and murder of children of course we would n't vote for them ( what kind of nonsensical argument is that ? ), 
  again you fail to understand . 
  there are no parties here in frisia that promote both frisian and the will of the people . 
  that 's the argument . 
  an exaggerated example : the only party that promotes frisian also promotes the rape of children . 
  that 's why we are n't voting for the parties that promote frisian . 
  not because we do n't want frisian but because we do n't want our children raped . 
   will all these languages die in the long run ? 
  it is possible . 
  correction : it is certain . 
  there is no way for minority languages to survive the coming centuries . 
  there is one , but that includes disregarding modern technology , which is n't going to happen . 
   but in the meantime , we will fight to protect them . 
  and if being in favour of the basque language is to be against the eu ( something that right now is not , as the eu is perfectly compatible with the basque country ) , then so be it . 
  we might be european , but before that we 're basque . 
  and what does that have to do with the discussion ? 
   i repeat : there is no basque country without basque [ language ] . 
  it is our language what makes us what we are . 
  it is not spoken by the majority of the population , but you 'd be suprised how present it is on everything and everyone here . 
  i never said anything like this . 
  i only said that basque will die eventually . 
   then why is it that the usage of basque has actually increased ( for the first time in centuries ) ? 
  why is it that the basque has a larger presence in the internet than many other languages with the same amount of speakers ? 
  why is it that more and more parents are choosing to send their kids to bilingual schools ? 
  as you like to give anecdotical evidence so much , here it comes mine : i study geography at the basque country 's public university . 
  i 'm taking all the classes in spanish , and we are , literally , 5 in class . 
  the same program , in basque , has +30 students . 
  for the third time : it will happen eventually . 
  of course basque usage is increasing , but it does n't make basque anymore likely to survive the coming centuries . 
  this period of basque reviving is as i said a mere delay . 
   no , it does n't . 
  if the frisian is dying , it is because frisian people do not care enough about it . 
  actual studies proof : most frisians want frisian to stay , the difference between basque and frisian is that here in the north we 're a little closer to reality and we realise that it 's like beating a dead horse . 
   we have elected governments that promised to protect and promote basque , and so it has happened . 
  that 's how it works . 
  if your government does nothing to promote frisian , then elect one that does . 
  so what if the only party that promotes frisian is a party that says we should rape and murder all children . 
  should we still vote for them ? 
  when you vote for a party , you look at more than just their language policy . 
  we are not voting for parties that are going to destroy our society , purely for nationalism . 
  frisian by the way is n't that dying . 
  frisian language keeps being put to use in more and more places . 
  a majority of people in frisia still speak frisia ( 67 % ) and measures are being implemented to have more and more children learn it . 
  67 % is still higher than the 1/4th basque has . 
  north-frisian is declining because they are divided over a lot of dialects . 
  saterland-frisian has had massive growth in the past couple years and the largest group of speakers is around 20 years old or less . 
  sacrificing everything else just to increase amount of children learning it by a few percent ? 
  that 's insane . 
  also no ice and no iceskating like ... it 's freezing cold but without all the fun !, 
  maybe we 're lucky , i heard something 's weird with the sun we might get some colder , snowier winters coming years . 
  partially , yes, 
  not a practical one . 
  latin seems a better candidate because of a couple of points . 
  * it 's not a language of an existing country and thus gives no country ( both european and other ) an advantage in eu politics and economy . 
  * it has a more renowned language * it 's the language of science * this point is a bit more personal : some people in the anglo-sphere can get pretty cocky about everyone here speaking their language . 
  having a different language here could also help promote foreign language studies in english speaking countries . 
  if you 'd ask me i 'd say that makes latin worth a while . 
  there actually was a drive in the eu self to make latin more prominent . 
  i really think it does have a chance . 
  interesting .
