  basque are n't even a recognised group in france and their language is not an official language unlike in spain . 
  it does n't matter how huge the percentage of anti-eu ukrainians is . 
  the percentage of pro-eu ukrainians is higher . 
  it does n't sound bad . 
  an ai can be made not to be ego\u00efstic and they can use programs to determine the best decision for a problem . 
  the ai will know a lot about us like the nsa , but that information would n't be used against us nor would it ever be shown to someone who should n't see it . 
   i only believe in a federal eu if some advanced ai 's are put in charge of the decision making . 
  may sound silly , but i have no faith in our politicians . 
  we should lead in that regard , before corporations and financial groups adopt these technologies in full scale and use it against the people 's interests . 
  that 's ... that 's not a bad idea . 
  as soon as robotics get so advanced we 'll immediately replace all politicians . 
  google translate also translates it to : europe is so fucked !, 
  i wish i could say ` europe , fuck yeah ' in latin :p . any latin knowing people able to do that here ? 
  if i could rhyme i would 've scored some comment upvotes here with a limerick , but i ca n't :(, 
  one upvote for listing minority languages too . 
  you close and fill the lakes when energy demand is low and you open them and use them to produce electricity when demand is high . 
  because the energy demand and thus the price is relatively low you can cheaply use electricity to pump water into the lakes . 
  when you open the lakes again when there is high demand you can sell the electricity for money again . 
  for example : there is a low demand of electricity , pumping water into the lake costs 100 euro 's ( it 's an example , eh ? ) . 
  you spend 100 euro 's on pumping the water into the lake . 
  when demand raises again you open the gates and the you produce energy which earns you 120 euro 's . 
  you make a profit of 20 euro 's . 
  it 's a nice way to control the electricity output . 
   the frisians and the flemish are both lumped into this `` not really 100 % but basically dutch '' group for me and for most people with cursory knowledge of the low countries . 
  frisians are 100 % dutch . 
  they 're not ` not really 100 % dutch ' . 
  actually , the frisian are 100 % dutch , the flemish are n't . 
  before the formation of the republic and eventually the kingdom , all people from the low countries associated themselves with their little states . 
  the frisians had friesland , limburgers from limburg , hollanders from the hollands , zeelanders from zeeland etcetera . 
  when the provinces where united into a single state , a new name was made for the people that lived in that state . 
  so someone from the netherlands is 100 % dutch , no matter from what province he hails . 
  yes they have . 
  the native land of a language is where the people that spoke the language first come from . 
  the english spoke the first language that would be known as english ( old english ) it was spoken in the south-west of [ britain ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/old_norse%2c_ca_900.png ) . 
  that 's where the english language has it 's roots and that is thus the native land of english . 
  that 's the case with most languages . 
  usually we look at the standardized language . 
   all this talk of ` native ' languages is a bit irrelevant when english is the language plenty of irish people will speak from cradle to grave ; in their own fashion . 
  i never said it was n't a native language of irish people , i said that the language is n't native from ireland . 
  i also never claimed that english is not a part of who the irish are . 
  that 's an irish english dialect then , not actual english . 
  identifying yourself culturally with a language does n't make that language yours . 
  catalonians are spanish , but spaniards are n't necessarily catalonian . 
  english is your language , it just is n't your ` your ' language , since it 's native to the south of the british isles and not to ireland . 
  it replaced irish and scottish language . 
  the english own english and you speak it natively , making it your language . 
  but irish is your true language , as it is the language that is native to the land you hail from . 
  i should say it like this : you and other people from ireland define irish , you can not define english as english is shared with scotland , wales and england . 
  this makes irish your language and english ` your ' language . 
  oh sorry , i thought you were spanish/catalan . 
  oh right . 
  forgot that we are all dutch divided into sub-groups . 
  interesting , are the netherlands a nation state ? 
  the frisians in the north have slight self-determination , their own language and culture . 
  well obviously spanish is ` your ' language but it is n't ` your ' language the same as catalan is . 
  catalan language/culture is completely made by catalonians , spanish language/culture is completely made by spaniards . 
  catalan is made by the catalan people , only they can define catalan language . 
  spanish is made by the spanish people and can not be defined by one of it 's sub-groups such as the catalans , it can only be defined by all spaniards . 
  it 's a bit like sharing a 4 room apartment with 4 people . 
  all 4 of you own the apartment , but you all have your own room . 
  both the room and the apartment are yours , but your room is truly ` yours ' . 
  depends on ` your ' . 
  spanish is a language of basques and catalans , but it is n't a basque or catalan language , so spanish is n't your your language . 
  it 's a language you speak and thus a language of yours , but it is n't ` your ' language . 
  do you also happen to support waterboarding and a police state ? 
  the catalan movement is more focused on because it 's a prominent part of spain . 
  it 's a touristic center and has the world famous city of barcelona and it 's renowned soccer teams . 
  so that part of spain splitting off would have much more impact on the lives of many europeans than basque country would . 
   they were sent to prisons within the same country in theory not . 
  if i were basque i 'd rather want the terrorists imprisoned in our land then in land that is natively spanish . 
  just like i 'd rather want to see my family be imprisoned here in frisia than in limburg . 
  the fact that a criminal did something , does n't mean you should deny him/her a basic human right . 
  even if their crime was denying another a basic human right . 
  in my opinion , the people putting the criminals away from their family because `` they broke many families in the past . '', 
  are just as much breaking families and should be trialed as such . 
  i would if it was my cause . 
  if people fought for catalonian independence , you might condemn their violence , but you would also partially defend them . 
  if someone was fighting for my cause i would defend them . 
  it 's not strange that basque people would see them as heroes . 
  not all do , but it is n't weird or unreasonable . 
  i do n't think giving them fair contact with their family is something that would increase their influence on society . 
  i do n't think that their actions are defended . 
  they merely want to have them placed in prisons closer to their family which seems fair to me . 
  i see . 
  are you also against the idea of an independent basque country or are you purely against terrorists ? 
  not feeling sympathy for them does n't mean you should be against them being treated fair . 
  i know , the appartement i was talking about 310 euros per month = house + gas , water and electricity . 
  which leaves 190 euros to buy food and clothes etcetera . 
  here in the netherlands it 's possible . 
  i 'm looking for an appartement right now , because i need it for studying , and most appartements are under 500 euros per month . 
  it 's flanders and wallonia you 're talking about , not belgium . 
   if scotland , belgium and catalonia and all the others seperated the change would be this . 
  i never knew belgium was n't already an independent state ? 
  the german border is not far away . 
  my dad works really close to the border and sometimes get 's us stuff . 
  for example fireworks . 
  the city where i 'll study within a few months is only half an hour away from germany with the bike . 
  they said the same about the byzantine empire once , and the roman empire , the third reich , the british empire , ancient china , ancient egypt , the islamic empire ... countries and people change . 
  they 've got lots of land . 
  sweden is 12 times bigger than the netherlands but has half the population .
