   and that is what i would like to see examined . 
  both the uk and australia have done it . 
  both countries are now experiencing less deaths than before they banned guns . 
  to protect them . 
  and before you 're equating neutral countries with individuals : neutral countries do not have a higher authority over them and neighbouring countries that stops and prevents wars . 
  individuals do have a higher authority over them and their neighbouring citizens that stops and prevents crime : it 's called the government , with the police and army as tools . 
   the majority of the us is very safe , gun violence is concentrated in some urban centres still , north-western europe is safer . 
   not surprising , if someone tries to rob me and i shoot them , that probably counts as more violence than if i had just let them rob me well let 's rephrase : it causes more aggressive violence too . 
  crimes still happen , but now the people doing those crimes have to more often assume their victims are armed . 
  if you read the link , you 'd also read that if guns were widespread for defensive use , police would also have to assume that the people they encounter have guns , resulting in moe police violence . 
   guns are just bits of metal and chemicals in a certain position . 
  yes , and you can prevent people from putting them in that certain position . 
  you can not prevent people from making a fist . 
   hands are not the same as fists . 
  they 're hands in a certain position which you can not reasonably prevent . 
  which is not the case with guns . 
   i can . 
  i just did so . 
  you can , it just does n't help your argument because the comparison is incorrect . 
   no , i 'm arguing you ca n't ban something for a reason under which we would also have to ban fists . 
  or rather , i 'm saying that you can , but that the ban would be completely arbitrary , and thus not a very good law . 
  just saying `` x is designed to kill , let 's ban it '' is just too general to be a good basis for law . 
  saying `` x is dangerous '' even more so . 
  it lacks clear definition . 
  yes , you can . 
  and we did . 
  it 's working perfectly here in europe . 
  we have largely banned guns and we have n't banned fists . 
  among the safest countries on earth . 
   that does make sense . 
  of course , then the question would be what you would get rid of precisely and in which degree . 
  which does n't really hold for guns , because guns have little reason to be outside sport and crime . 
  which is why we 've banned it except for use in sport . 
  there are things of which the border is less clear , but that 's not the case with guns . 
   you missed to intimidate . 
  well it 's intimidating because the use of a gun in public is to kill or hurt . 
  you 're intimidated by it because it can hurt/kill you . 
  so i 'll just put it under there . 
   but , you can carry a weapon for defensive use and i have no issue with violence being used defensively , in fact i like it . 
  so i do n't see the issue . 
  defensive violence also bread violence . 
  one of the reasons places like germany are safer than the us is because there are less guns with the excuse of self-defence . 
  there was a german police officer summing it up nicely : https://np.reddit.com/r/askleo/comments/2dgwkp/what_makes_american_police_use_deadly_force_much/cjpgcbe?context=3 defensive gun use increases violence . 
  yes , but not on the beach . 
  sport is a second point , but in a private situation . 
  i do hope you 're not shooting those discs and papers on the beach ? 
  i 'll clarify my position : the only intention you can possible have with a gun ** in a public place ** is to use it to hurt or kill . 
  which is what i was responding to . 
  fists are just hands in a certain position . 
   either way , my point is that it 's a uselessly general criticism of firearms . 
  you could very well use your fists for killing and hurting . 
  and in an evolutionary sense , that 's the fist 's primary purpose . 
  yet no-one would argue banning the fist , so to draw the line on that argument is rather arbitrary . 
  yes , but you ca n't expect everyone to have their hands cut off . 
  you can however reasonably expect for everyone to give up their guns . 
  a human without fists is a disabled person . 
  a human without a gun is a less dangerous human . 
  you ca n't compare hands and guns and then say `` well if we allow one , we should allow the other two . 
  it makes sense '' what does make sense is taking a reasonable look and saying : `` well these things can kill and hurt , but are they actually used for that in such an amount that it overshadows what would happen if we got rid of it ? '', 
  yes , in general . 
  a more detailed point is making holes in animals and men from a distance , thus killing or otherwise hurting them . 
  exactly as i said . 
  thanks for agreeing . 
  that does n't change the fact that the point of a gun is to hurt and kill both humans and animals . 
  if i used a fork to eat soup , that does n't mean the point of a fork is to eat soup . 
  it does mean that i 'm using my fork incorrectly , because i am not using it for the thing it was designed and built to do . 
  so , now you 're saying : a government tries to protect it 's citizens but sometimes a citizen is killed anyway . 
  conclusion : the government ca n't protect it 's citizens . 
  a man with a gun tries to protect him and others but sometimes a citizen is killed away . 
  conclusion : guns can protect me and others . 
  do you see how you 're contradicting yourself ? 
  people with access to guns get killed all the time , and people without guns get killed all the time . 
  but apparently when people without guns are killed , you blame the system that is supposed to protect them , from being faulty . 
  where as people killed with guns , the guns are not blamed for not being able to protect ? 
  thank you . 
   twist it so i 'm saying we 're living in a mad max society ? 
  you literally said yourself that you 're preparing for a future in which the government ca n't protect you . 
  that 's down right apocalyptic . 
  i am not twisting it , these are literally what you 're saying :  i believe that in the future there will not be a british government capable of protecting its citizens, 
  so you genuinely believe that the future of the uk is a mad max style anarchy ? 
  so you retract your statement :  the authorities ca n't protect us ? 
  ... you only use your fists for killing or hurting people ? 
  i mainly use mine to type comments like these . 
   i think we need a pro firearms lobby . 
  the authorities ca n't protect us , we must be able to protect ourselves . 
  this is what you said . 
  does n't matter whether the amount of deaths is 50 or 900 out of the tens of millions of people living in the uk , that 's not worthy of `` the authorities ca n't protect us . '', 
  when you say : `` the authorities ca n't protect us '' , i 'm seeing mad max . 
  not a country 64 million having less than a 1000 murders . 
  you 're purposely using this hyperbolic statement , as if criminals are running amok in the uk , to make your point seem more important . 
  30 % increase on almost nothing , is still almost nothing . 
  the uk is still a safe nation and there 's no reason to pretend that that 's false . 
   but that 's the point of having the gun . 
  pretty sure the point of a gun is to kill or hurt . 
   you now have an additional option you did n't before . 
  right , if that 's really the point of a gun , they 're pretty useless . 
  right , so 891 deaths means anarchy ... but 679 does n't ? 
  apparently your guns and the government are said to have been successful in keeping you safe if the death toll is 679 , but the government is n't said to have been successful if the death toll is 891 ... ? 
  bit arbitrary . 
  as far as i know the uk was n't in anarchy between 1996 en 2001 .
