  i think i might have found a picture of [ you ] ( http://images.sodahead.com/polls/001521197/162522993_tinfoil_hat_xlarge.jpeg ) on the internet . 
  if you think / r/europe is censored , what a hell must life be for you . 
  do you also get sad because laws forbidding you to threaten people with death are censoring you ? 
  or do you think authorities prohibiting you from stealing are repressing your way of expressing your discontent with wealth inequality ? 
  / r/europe 's rules are standard rules . 
  there 's no explicit censorship . 
  look at this thread . 
  if there really is censorship , the moderators suck severely at it . 
  look at this thread . 
  i 've already considered what it means . 
  to me , blatant racists are on equal foot with neo-nazi . 
  i do n't care if there 's some difference . 
  both are dangerous , both are toxic to society and both should be banned . 
  i 'm just calling them all neo-nazis for simplicity 's sake . 
  no distinction needed if both are just as evil . 
   godwin law , i have not talked about nazi , please do n't use childish methods . 
  you have n't opposed them either . 
  in fact you seem to like the idea of a / r/european like circljerk and ahve stated that going full up against neo-nazis is against the ` freedom of speech ' . 
  also ` godwin 's law ' is either a joke , or it is used by neo-nazis to hide their immediate intentions . 
   you are tell me that you are a supremacist , i tell that your ideas are not universal , not mine , the only supremacist here is you . 
  if you want to find intolerance see yourself in the mirror . 
  nope . 
  i am a supremacist against racist people.you 're a supremacist against minorities   ok and who tell what is universal moral ? 
  well for a start racism is out . 
   i do n't follow you ... the political correct people that i know tell me that the ultimate goal of pc is a mix of all people in the world , so the ethnicities disappear , but you tell me that you are against ethnic cleasing . 
  that 's your error , i am not politically correct , i am simply against racists like you   you force your morale , no god have sent their table with your ideas written on . 
  ps : ideas that are not universal even in a country like your , not the entire planet ... lol , are you getting frustrated ? 
  your english went from ` readable ' to completely ` incoherent ' . 
  usually the symptoms of a guy sitting behind his desk , all getting wound up because someone did n't agree to his racist ideas . 
   ok , if you are happy ... i prefer to follow other less mind blowing ideas . 
  what , like nazism ? 
  i know , but seeing it 's history , there 's still a historical connection to russia . 
  the sovjet union was/is the example of communism in europe . 
  the far left will always fraternize with russia , regardless of history . 
  communists are going to communist . 
  yes , europeans demand an actual free society . 
  without the lawlessness of the jungle , and with the freedom our current civilization has !, 
  oh wait ... what you 're proposing is contradicting . 
  you can not prevent a circlejerk like / r/european without moderation . 
  and believe it or not , but these rules are quality moderation , not oppression . 
   i 'm sorry thay in your culture do n't have free speech , sad fate for the country of spinoza and the free speech i 'm sorry you 're culture thinks the nazis were right . 
   if it is a sub for supremacists i think it is for you . . nope , it 's for you . 
  you 're the white supremacist here . 
   every culture think that is core idea is universal like god for monotheistic religions , so do you support blasphemy laws ? 
  or chinese great firewall ( for chinese patrioctic ideas are universal ... ) ? 
  do you follow every universal idea or simply your universal ideas ? 
  yes , but most of it is not universal . 
  i do not support blasphemy laws . 
  i follow every universal moral , and my own , but the universal moral goes above mine . 
  ethnic cleansing is fundamentally wrong , executing people for certain things is not . 
  i am against both , yet i only see the first one as a fundamental and universal moral . 
  why ? 
  because i do not force my morals on people . 
  i force the fundamental and universal morals on people . 
   you suicide yourself caught in a contadictory condition ? 
  why a contradictory idea should be universal ? 
  it 's contradictory in theory , not in practice . 
  i am racist when it comes to racists and a non-racist supremacist . 
  this sets me apart from racists and supremacists . 
  the statement thus does not contradict itself . 
   is it ok to criticise religion ? 
  ( it 's entered into by choice ) yes , it is okay to do that . 
  ( btw , you do n't necessarily enter religion by choice )  is it ok to say that differnet cultures are different and clash with each other on some issues ? 
  yes it is okay to do that . 
  just do n't pretend that one culture is inherently better or worse than the other . 
  criticize and attack the issues that plague those cultures , not the cultures themselves . 
   so can we start invading tribes . 
  yes , if you 're retarded enough to apply the rules of a subreddit on an american site to a real life issue involving the possible extinctions of entire ethnic groups as determined by the un . 
  seriously ? 
   turning this sub into your prefered circlejerk is a great way to lose people . 
  correction : turning this sub into your prefered circlejerk is a great way to lose assholes and prevent an even worse circlejerk . 
   you admit that demonize and censor people for having the wrong opinion and in my culture this is worst that racism luckily this fact is above your culture . 
   and i think that in a site that defend free speech ( rip founder of reddit ) a people that have this opinion should not be allowed to moderate comments in a major subreddit . 
  then you can go to / r/european if it suits you better . 
   third a moral that goes above culture is forcing your idea against other cultures . 
  nope , not accepting racism is universal and fundamentally bad . 
  not my idea , it simply is . 
   so , in the broad sense of racism you are a racist and a suprematist against differents cultures and you have to be censored and demonized . 
  yes , i am a racist and a supremacist against racists and supremacists . 
  what do you want to do about it ? 
  the fact is , that racism equals hate speech . 
  no matter what opinions you have , racism will always equal hate speech . 
  yes , indeed , we demonize and censor people for having the wrong opinion . 
  but it is a fact that their opinion is wrong . 
  we do not think our culture is superior , we think ` not being racist ' is a moral that goes above cultures , including ours . 
  the funny thing about facts is that they remain facts , regardless of what you personally think . 
  no , you have to shut up free speech when it becomes hate speech . 
  he knows there 's a difference . 
  he 's talking about the latter thing you said , which some people here are . 
  lol, 
   to face a real anti-fascist anti-fascists do n't help them . 
  fascists ... always looking for brawls ... 
  the fascist got mad . 
   i fought the fascists . 
  and you thought `` if i ca n't fight them , i 'll join them '' ? 
   i 'm not supporting them , you idiot . 
  ofcourse you are n't . 
  `` better than a fawning , spineless , politically correct parrot handing out smears and unfounded accusations like it was christmas . '', 
  if you think a fascist circlejerk , created by you , is better than that . 
  you are helping them .
