  i am saying that the part of a constitution that completely bans secession is a crime . 
  but not all . 
  i said it is smaller than he thinks . 
  he thinks ` all ' countries ban it . 
  mine does n't , so that is already less than he thinks . 
   that `` crime '' got a yes vote by 90 % of catalans in 1978 . 
  and ? 
  democracy  law . 
  catalans decided to respect the law , now they do n't . 
  it 's a crime , unless people agree it is n't . 
  it 's like a marriage . 
  just because catalonia said ` yes ' at the altar does n't mean she ca n't divorce . 
   thing is , the catalan government has n't asked to change the constitution , which would be sensible and get a lot of support outside of catalonia i can find no number that actually verify this . 
  it makes more sense for spanish people to not support it , so unless you know the numbers ( i do n't ) it 's closer to the truth that catalonia can not change the constitution to make secession legal . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the netherlands does n't have anything in it 's constitution that forbids any region from seceding from the kingdom . 
  the amount of countries that ban any chance on secession are smaller than you think . 
   so basically catalonians are trusting a government who do n't just try to avoid law , but publically incites to break it ... 
  if a constitution tells you that you can never secede , no matter what , then it is no constitution . 
  it 's a crime . 
  did n't know it was a repost . 
  weird . 
  i did n't see it . 
  welp , might as well delete this ... 
  must be a while ago then , do n't think i 've seen it the past few months and i no-life this subreddit :p, 
  oh do n't worry . 
  eventually all of europe will join . 
  your dictionary is broken : you 're using the american-english one because people need to watch what they 're saying . 
  what else am i meant to do ? 
  applaud you for phrasing your sentences in such a way tons of people will misunderstand you ? 
  you should know that ` actually ' is very commonly used in order to show contrast . 
  for example : this is actually a really beautiful song . 
  ( contrasting opinion ) actually , i 'm not from france - i 'm from switzerland . 
  ( contrary from assumption ) at the check-out , the cashier actually greeted me for once . 
  ( contrary from norm ), 
  i know you are n't an eu state . 
  i meant that i would prefer iceland joining the eu , than having some countries that are all ready in the eu . 
   i repeat , i was n't contradicting you . 
  i just thought it was interesting . 
  i know you weren '' t. 
  but you made it look like you were . 
  your dictionary is broken . 
  consult a bookstore for a replacement . 
   actually it does n't mean what you think it means . 
  so am i. iceland  a lot of other eu states . 
  the bystander effect is so overrated . 
   mass downvotes for saying that some countries teach the combined eurasia continent . 
  reddiquette , people - do n't downvote just because you do n't agree . 
  i am pretty sure that :  europe is just a part of the continent of eurasia . 
  is a statement . 
  simple shit , yet the wrong shit . 
  and this changes the fact that almost all americans speak english as natives , how ? 
  i just tried making a route that visited them all without the route crossing the same point twice . 
  so i simply drew a line between all ( regional ) capitals that did not cross once . 
  the balkan was a pain in the ass . 
  i was planning a route across all european countries for the lulz and most likely forgot iceland because it 's much less obvious to take a boat/plane to iceland than it is to take a train or ferry to britain . 
  i do n't know if this route is the exact same order as i calculated but : 5.089 hours of walking . 
  8 hours sleep a day , 2 hours eating and toilet , the rest spend walking and resting between walking . 
  let 's say we split is so 7,5 hour of walking , 7,5 hour of resting . 
  then it would take . 
  ( 5.089 / 7,5 ) = 679 days of almost non-stop walking . 
  good thing he was n't talking about rapist and pedophiles then . 
  with every day we get news from donetsk and luhansk i feel more and more supportive for simply carpet bombing the two cities into one big crater and then just pretend it never happened . 
  i 'm getting really depressed about mariupol too . 
  the people there really do not seem to want to be part of the rebels but if the rebels capture the city they will be forced to . 
  i do n't feel so much for the donetsk and luhanks citizens , a lot of them seem to want this . 
   it is the equivalent of that amount if you apply the same percentage to one as to the other . 
  and that 's a thing you ca n't do because as i said : the uk budget and eu budget are different entities . 
  you ca n't convert an amount in one of the entities to a comparable number in the other . 
  yes , 12,9 billion might be the equivalent if we applied the percentage of the eu budget to the uk budget . 
  but we do n't . 
   i ca n't be bothered with this argument really , percentages show the real picture of the rise in each of these things , the actual numbers are useful still but not nearly as much . 
  lets leave it at that . 
  i never disagreed with the percentages anyway . 
  it was purely the fact that he did the converting as if the uk budget and eu budget are the same thing . 
  when i say the uk i mean the uk government . 
  5 million scots and 60 million english vote in the uk elections . 
  now if his analogy was true , the uk government would essentially be an english dominated government that could do anything they like to scotland and wales . 
  as the 60 million people would dominate politics against the smaller 5 million . 
  thus the uk government would essentially be an english government that could decide on anything without any scottish or welsh resistance . 
  obviously the analogy is wrong because scots get a vote for the uk government . 
  he made it look like the scots and english are both separate parts of a body . 
  the english were essentially the brain and the scottish the tail . 
  the brain can make the tail do anything it wants . 
  but in real life the scottish are also part of the ` brain ' , and in real life the scottish can resist what the uk government tells them to . 
   that the `` uk '' , by which i assume you mean england or england , wales & ni are a voting bloc , they are not . 
  your assumption is incorrect . 
   scotland is the uk and the uk is scotland , they are not a separate entity , scots are n't vastly different to their compatriots , they 're as british as each other , both through the shared lives they all lead and even their attitudes . 
  much gets made of scotland 's perceived pro-eu tendencies when in reality they are 2-3 % less eurosceptic than england , it 's a total myth . 
  i am not saying the scottish are vastly different from the rest . 
  just because . 
  ah forget it . 
  you 're just going to interpret my comments the wrong way and another flame war will start . 
  see my other comment . 
  i completely forgot about ireland . 
  not my fault . 
  i did my best , i also felt sorry it had to go this way . 
  but if the other guy does not want to take this seriously , i will not regret not taking it seriously either . 
  put me in any category you want , i shall put you in category ` people whose opinions i am not interested in ' . 
  sorry ireland .
