yes , the young peasant girl of 17 years old that heard voices and beat your asses , 
  yeah in france too , then we learn about jeanne d'arc, 
  it is what they say in england so you do n't feel too bad ? 
  another butthurt british . 
  1066 never forget, 
  and it 's how the future of usa 's puppet was decided . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  it was decided by renzi ? 
  by ppp . 
  do you know how they calculate it ? 
  they take a pannel with specific good and services and look how many money you need to buy it . 
  the value of the money , the inflation are not important . 
  but feel free to find another indicator that can help us to compare the countries . 
  sorry but it 's very stupid to think that . 
  it does n't use the dollar . 
  it represent the amount of money you need to buy specific good and services . 
  of course the pannel between 1973 and 2015 is not exactly the same but it still give an indication . 
  do you really think that the average jean in the 70 's had a better purchasing power than the average alksander in 2015 ? 
   you ca n't directly compare raw ppp data from different years , because the value of the currency unit is different between them . 
  the gdp ppp was created specifically so we could compare different economy that had different currency . . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  who care what is the nationality of the enterprise ? 
  we live in a globalized world , it 's the same thing in every country . 
  you are catching up on us . 
  in 1995 your gdp/hab represented 10 % of the gdp/hab of france . 
  today you are over 30 % . 
  of course it take time and it 's very unlikely that you will one day be as rich as western europe but come on ... you are the 25th richest country of the planet , not some thirld world country . 
  you say that the current co2 limits are pushed by us ? 
  the true is that we probably wo n't reach what the agreement asked us to do , because it 's not easy for ourself too . 
  but we are trying , whereas it just seems that your politic gave up . 
  it 's by parity power purchase , so it is adjusted . 
  do you think that the french , 25 years after the ww2 all lived in fancy appartment and worked 35 hours per week ? 
  the average hours worked in france in the 70 's was around 2100 . 
  you are currently around 1900 hours . 
  your work condition are also probably way better than the average jean in the 70 's in france . 
  do n't under-estimate your country . 
  you have the capability . 
  gdp / ppp : france in 1973 = 683 billions poland now = 897 billions also , we had to create our own technology which is more expensive and dangerous . 
  you have the ability , it 's just that your government do n't really want to try very hard . 
   we need good economy to be able to change our energy sources . 
  what is a '' good economy '' ? 
  poland is richer than most of the country of this planet . 
  if you do n't act , nobody will . 
  do n't try to convince yourself that you are not rich enough to make these changes . 
  because guess what ? 
  with this kind of mentality you will never do anything because you will never be rich enough . 
  in france we diversified our energy sector in the 70 ' , we were much poorer than you currently are . 
   currently we do n't have diversified evergy sector it is why we had this agreement in the first place . 
  you think that your energy sector will become diversified magically ? 
  you do n't have a lack of mean , you have a lack of will . 
  for you and your politician it 's more important to save your economy than to save our planet . 
  yes , but it is 5 very efficient policemen . 
  really ? 
  in what year are we in ? 
  1682-1870 is closer to 200 yo than 90  `` but the people living there did not consider themselves as french prior 1870 at all . '', 
  are you sure about that ? 
  when the life expectancy was around 30 ~ 40yo , 200 yo seems to be a lot of time . 
  also if they felt they were german i guess they would have join them after our defeat duruing the napoleonic wars . 
  the fact that they spoke a german language does n't mean anything since back in the days , few people were able to speak french in france . 
  but to be honest i do n't know much about this so maybe you are right , it just seems a bit weird to me tho . 
  they were french prior 1870 . 
  then they became german between 1870 to 1918 . 
  then became french in 1918 until 1939 ~ 1940 . 
  since the end of ww2 they are french . 
  so no , they are not german . 
  for the republican it 's between jupp\u00e9 and sarkozy . 
  jupp\u00e9 is the favorite but sarkozy can still do a comeback . 
  for the socialist it 's hard to say because we do n't really know the candidate yet but it will probably be hollande , unless macron do the madman . 
  quite high actually . 
  currently jupp\u00e9 is leading in the poll by a quit large margin . 
  however jupp\u00e9 is supported by people who are more on the center/center-right and these people are less likely to go to vote than the fan boys of sarkozy who are more on the right . 
  also , sarkozy is strong during the election because , a bit like trump , he cover quite well the media even if he what he say is stupid/impossible . 
  jupp\u00e9 on the other hand is more reasonnable . 
  it works well in 33 but it turns bad in 39 . 
  my bad i though you were somebody else . 
  ye 2 now , 
  nordics have a too small population plus they are good at the winter olympics not the summer one . 
  there are 206 national comitee and france is 8th . 
  if it 's not the top i do n't know what it is . 
  you have only one more gold medal than us , calm down dude . 
  imo the most impressive are australia and hungary , not the uk . 
  you are good but not spectacularly good . 
  we have less people under the poverty line than you do and we are way more productive than you are . 
  what is the point to have a low unemployment rate if your population struggle more than our ? 
  this is our place . 
  we defended it against bit coin , we preserverd the megaman and are planning to do a megamarianne and we are currently building an eiffel tower . 
  and then you just come and proclame that it should become an italian flag . 
  put yourself in our position , we already compromised to create an eu flag . . 
  i have nothing against an italian flag but putting it on our flag is just unfair . 
  italy can go on the left of our south flag , there is a big enough place and nothing of value, 
  yes i agree with this . 
  seriously , let us our flag ... we struggled a lot and it is not to let somebody that already has a big flag take our place . 
  http://www.strawpoll.me/12654313/r eu flag over the uk one . 
  they maybe said that 1 billion woul need to move but they never said they would move to europe . 
  yes we had, 
  yes they are, 
  also we reached our pre-crisis gdp level 1 year before the uk . 
  polls are usually correct in france , our political system is mote simple . 
  however , many french have not made a decisio yet , so the result can change a lot, 
  i think it 's a reasonnable programm .
