  he does n't promise the moon which is quite new for a french campaign . 
  the green vote represent merely 2 %, 
  for some reason we call it `` la ville rose '' aka '' the pink city '', 
  why would you say this ? 
  he just told you that eu 's gdp is similar to the us one . 
  well , with such a logic it 's never the place or time . 
  french is an international and living language . 
  as a result , it need to be promoted . 
  if even our politics do n't speak french anymore then my first statement will become false in the near future . 
  there is nothing arrogant about speaking the language of the country you represent . 
  firsr , french is an international language . 
  second , when you represent your country it seems reasonable to speak the language of said country . 
  france is not the us . 
  come at me bro, 
  it 's veryyyyy unlikely . 
  the left is too divided . 
  there is melenchon ( far left ) , the candidate of the socialist party ( not designed yet ) , macron ( center left ) . 
  they all polls between 10 and 17 % plus there is also the pro syndicate parties ( ~ 2 % ) , the ecologist ( ~ 3 % ) . 
  since they do n't want to run together they have absolutely no chance to get to the secound round . 
  yes , it 's the same , that 's why the righties have choose the candidate with the harshest program to represent them . 
  so much bullshit ... 
  we also have a military unit in mossul . 
  in france we have something similar : https://youtu.be/prpxyzwj33a, 
  is there some kind of rule that forces them to put their elbow on the thing on the table ? 
  the fact that you are an island probably help a lot . 
  the fn does n't care about the eu , nthey want to close the french borders , not the eu ones . 
  the polls did not messed up . 
  they did said that there was an huge dynamic in the campaign of fillon and in the last poll before the election they put him ahead . 
  however , they couldn `` t predict the exact number he would get , but this was expected since it 's the first time ever that there is a primary for the right wing . 
  as a result they did not really knew who was going to vote . 
  because people did n't planned to vote for him . 
  it 's really since the debate that people started to consider him as a viable option and the polls did showed that . 
  lower tax for the enterprise , increase the vat by 2 points , flexibilise the market , reduce by 8 % the number of state worker ( -500 k ) and increase their quantity of work from 32h or 35h per week to 39h , increase the retirement age from 62 to 65 that 's his main objectives . 
  after the primary i do n't think so , after the first round of the presidential election , yes it 's very likely ( that 's what they usually do ) . 
  he is talking about changing the touquet agreement . 
  i think that your view on him have been influenced by many comparison between him and tatcher . 
  fillon is not anglophile . 
  he did compared himself with tatcher but he also did compared himself with schroder and renzi . 
  fillon want an exit as soon as possible , he want to exclude british from the eu parliament and do n't want you to keep the eu passport on financial services . 
  he also want to keep friendly relation and cooperation in defence but honestly between him and jupp\u00e9 there are not much differences . 
  why do you think fillon is the best choice for you ? 
  very unlikely . 
  fillon has the support of sarkozy , lemaire and poisson . 
  also , 85 % of the people who voted for him support him whereas it 's obly 55 % for jupp\u00e9 ( people voted for him in order to oust sarkozy ), 
  uh no ? 
  it 's the media who made the comparison and he said he was ok with it because he want too be remembered as somebody who put his country back on track , like tatcher . 
  fillon is not eurosceptic , he is even in favor of the fiscal union . 
  to be clear i am not anti-eu . 
  i do have strong feelings about this project . 
  i hope we will see more cooperation in the future in the economic field ( fiscal union ) and why not some kind of military integration but at the same time i do believe it 's the national identity that will always prevail for the individual . 
  a strong union with a lot of cooperation ? 
  yes . 
  a nation ? 
  i do n't believe so . 
  because we have different language , tradition , culture , etc. . . also because we do n't really care about what you , american , think about us . 
  each nation of europe have arguably more history than all of your states put together . 
  they expected 1.5 ~ 1.6 % of grow this year and ~ 1.7 the next two years . 
  now they expect 1.2 ~ 1.3 this year . 
  it 's not only because of terrorism , but if you put terrorism + strike ( the most harmful ) + brexit ... well it lower yout growth rate . 
  it 's not really a surprise though . 
  in q2 we had the terrorist attack and all the strikes because of the `` loi travail '' before these events they expected a healthy grow, 
  well i believe more my minister of economy over a reddit comment . 
  it is not against eu law . 
  he is not short though he is like 1m75, 
  ouahou poles are really salty . 
  no , someone in frontbof the group is directing him to his place . 
  the newly elected head of states are on the left ( trump , macron ) while the old one are on the right . 
  in your media not our . 
  it 's your media who did not published the caricature of charlie hebdo not ours . 
  again , your press and our press are very different . 
  '' a living proof france ca n't have a proper debat about anything '' oh really ? 
  how do you now that exactly ? 
  i highly doubt of your proficiency in french . 
  he will push for a stronger frontex . 
  it mostly concerns construction 's job : they are not going anywhere . 
  there are two rounds , lot of people would vote for em if their candidates has been eliminated during the first round . 
  it will be about the same i guess . 
  its only for the deputies, 
  the presidential election was extremely long and quite harsh so people are a bit tired . 
  also today was a very hot day . 
  why ? 
  the emigration of frenh is actually one of the lowest in the developped world . 
  for what reasons ? 
  your co2 emission per capita went from 20 in 1980 to 16 in 2013 ... our emission per capita went from 9 to 5 . 
  many europeans scientist went to the us , especially after ww2 , which made the us the world power it is now . 
  it 's not impossible that under certain circumstances the same mouvment happens but the other way around . 
  to be fair they made it in 1 week . 
  it actually come from bloomberg https://www.google.fr/search?q=bloomberg+piketty&amp;client=ms-android-orange-fr&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=nvi&amp;source=lnms&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewje8t_l963uahxfdsakhf5laeaq_auicsgd&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=559&amp;dpr=2#imgrc=sbz2ujy6urqaam:, 
  no it just means that poles who works in france should pay their taxes in france . 
  there is no magic voodoo about that . 
  macron is not `` mad '' because some factories are switching to poland , he is mad because poles who work in france pay their social security to poland , not to france which make them more competitive on the french soil than french worker . 
  old vespa . 
  they have 2 seats currently : marion mar\u00e9chal le pen and gilbert collard, 
  maybe we will steal it someday, 
  i do n't understand why you think it 's all about us and our film industry when it appears that a majority will support this vote . 
  second , you 're quite naive if you think that no other film is worth watching if it 's not american . 
  what is happening right now is not inocent and not with out consequences . 
  contrary to the anglo-saxon who never try to push their culture in other 's people throat . 
  well , it seems that everybody is doing better recently so it will probably happens in italy soon enough . 
  the french comedian coluche was candidate to the presidential election in 1981 so you are a bit late on this one ,
