  ... no fucking kidding . 
  also , i 'm so white and blond i 've been mistaken for a slav . 
  the majority of the bulgarians are not that white , indeed , but we 're not dark . 
  it 's probably because some foreigners ca n't distinguish gypsies from bulgarians , romanians and so on ... 
  i hope it is like that . 
  i 'm not completely sure , but i think recently germany changed its laws to have similar requirements . 
  it should be gross . 
  just checked - min . 
  salary in czechia - 407 euros . 
  naaah , it 's okay . 
  ours is 235 euros/month brutto salary . 
  not saying that it 's a bad decision to have a minimum basic income , and i 'm glad that you 're such a social country , but if these 550 $ are soon given to everyone unemployed , i really hope there will be strong measures against exploiting the system . 
  for my country and economies similar to ours , 550 $ is a huge month salary . 
  so if the measures against exploitation are not enough , expect to get a lot of people from this part of the world just going to finland , doing all the necessary paperwork and then getting back here to live like kings . 
  honestly , i do n't know how exactly they do it , but our gypsies are exploiting the social systems of germany with their children , also the swedish one . 
  mind you , just from the benefits they get a lot of money , that the hard working people here do n't get . 
  ( sometimes i wish i did it too , just to get more interested in the ways , but yeah , i would n't do such thing ... ) edit . 
  i do n't know how our gypsies do it , but i know for sure they do it . 
  not talking about bullshit conspiracies . 
  it could be a `` south vs north '' thing . 
  here it 's not a taboo . 
  well , it would be kind of strange if someone who you almost do n't know asks you `` how much money do you make ? 
  '' , but if your neighbour or friend asks you - it 's okay . 
  i mean , it 's okay to talk about politics , religion and salaries . 
  i guess norway . 
  great economy and infrastructure . 
  well behaving people . 
  mostly blond and white-white . 
  `` cold '' people . 
  probably more civilised in meanings of - lack of corruption , law abiding , logical and just normal . 
  we 're kinda the opposite , we 're the most illogical country ever . 
  when you think about it , ww3 did n't happen , which is good . 
  considering the clusterfuck in syria . 
  the things in turkey . 
  the russian fighter plane . 
  and everything else . 
  ( though most of the world leaders know that ww3 would be bad for absolutely everyone , they are not that retarded . ), 
  i 'm trying to remember something major good that happened . 
  aah , for example - the plans for colonising mars . 
  that is cool . 
  the possible birth of colonisation of the universe !, 
  how awesome is that !, 
  for the bulgarian author - probably elin pelin ( or iordan iovkov ) . 
  they are the kind of authors that preserve the authenticity of bulgaria , the traditions , the life style , the past ... in their literature . 
  unfortunately it would probably be impossible to translate them with perfect quality to other languages , because their style is so typical and rich , you can almost feel the narrative with all your senses . 
  the other languages will not have the absolute equivalents of the language they use . 
  for the european author ... probably terry pratchett . 
  he was amazing , very pleasant to read literature . 
  but i have a lot of authors i love , with very deep and quality literature . 
  half a litre of beer ( `` big beer '' ) would be ... around 1 euro i think . 
  ( of course depending of the city you 're in ), 
  oh my god !, 
  this is evil !, 
  probably the worst thing besides the attacks and the whole syria business , is even the slightest possibility that trump is planted by russia to support its interests . 
  a theoretical us nationalist should always work as a counterweight to russia , as opposing force , so to speak . 
  not to mention he should work for the mutual support with europe and the alliances . 
  it 's obvious he should not work as a russian puppet or for achieving russian interests , when it 's not profitable for the whole world and all the sides . 
  he might be planted by russia or he just might be populist and disorganised chaos , or someone who ( he says ) wants to go against the political ... rules and dogmas ... but trump is a wild political event for sure . 
  i do n't think so . 
  but i know how the british behave on sunny beach , hahaha . 
  on theory it is secret election . 
  ( probably as in every other country ) people get the blank paper with all the parties with their names . 
  they go ( on theory ) alone to the dark room and with pen choose the number they want as they write x in the square with the number . 
  th\u0435n you fold the paper and put it in the box . 
  there are different ways , unfortunately , to show how you voted . 
  the easiest is to take a photo with a mobile phone . 
  ( on theory ) they are forbidden to be taken into the dark room , but you can always do it freely . 
  i see i 'm being downvoted and i do n't really care , but i 'm glad if you guys , in western europe , do n't have such bought vote . 
  here it become something `` normal '' . 
  well ... for bulgaria it would be juuust a bit of a plus . 
  but hear me why . 
  we have other problems . 
  as we have a huge gypsy population , they are always and at every elections bought as votes . 
  the political parties go to the ghettos and pay money to their leaders to organise them to vote for the specific political party . 
  at every single election - president , european parliament , but mostly for our parliament - the gypsies are paid voters for the paying parties . 
  everybody knows it , every time it 's caught on video and there are no consequences . 
  the shitty thing is , that these gypsies do n't know even what kind of elections they vote for . 
  they do n't know the candidates , and as they are most often illiterate ( and ... uneducated ... ) , they hardly know the name of the political party . 
  they are just told a number . 
  they vote and get paid the equivalent of 10 or 25 euros , depending of the elections . 
  i 'm not kidding , sometimes , because they are not able to vote right even if they 're told a number , there are `` helpers '' that go with them inside the `` dark room '' . 
  this happens in the ghettos so everybody there closes their eyes . 
  it 's fun and sad at the same time . 
  journalists asking the gypsies - what are these elections for ? 
  `` ohhh , i do n't know ... '' ... 
  it would be great if there was at least some kind of a `` test '' when people are voting . 
  at least they should be able to answer what the hell are they voting for . 
  yep . 
  i got curious before commenting so i checked it out . 
  i do n't think we have cities named after other cities , but it 's mostly because ours are thousands of years old . 
  from wikipedia : the first name of the city given by the romans was `` montanesium '' . 
  in 1993 , after a presidential decree , the town received the name montana , inspired by the name of the nearby roman settlement , from latin mons , `` mountain '' . '', 
  the mystery of bulgarian voices for example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yatxm4n-mfg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mse_-ihfbju if you like folklore music, 
  we have a city called montana . 
  not kidding . 
  also as far as i know merkel does n't give tea with polonium to her enemies , as one ( ex - ) kgb agent does . 
  and does n't kill journalists . 
  not that common . 
  mostly older people and mostly from the villages hunt for fun ( food ) - wild hogs in hunting groups . 
  very rarely if there 's a bear making trouble in some village they are allowed to hunt it down .
