  i guess such thing exists in every country with some kind of `` problematic '' , so to speak , minorities . 
  ( not that i 'm racist ... but ... ) for example here the schools with majority of gypsy students would n't be preferred by bulgarian parents for obvious reasons . 
  no one wants their children to be beaten or robbed , or to have problems with the other students every day . 
  the same things apply here too , as the dutch schools - these `` gypsy '' schools have way lower scores than the bulgarian schools ( and of course the elite schools in the country are all bulgarian ) , and have way bigger problems - even some ( most ? ), 
  of the students are illiterate . 
  though i suppose here the schools with gypsies are in their neighborhoods , so the location factor also is relevant about where do the students go to schools . 
  tldr - the segregation in the schools exists , but it 's a normal thing because of all the factors surrounding it . 
  if i 'm not mistaken referendum does n't mean new law here too . 
  the same pigs in the parlament should vote the reduction of their number and money ... and you can imagine if that could happen . 
  will see how this will go ... 
  guess should buy some strong chains and locks . 
  :d edit - but yeah , you 're right ... it 's impossible to keep them here , they just throw away papers and always try to cross the border to romania or serbia . 
  50 euros a night , you say ? 
  damn , send me 10 , there 's enough space in my flat . 
  i 'll even provide the food . 
  the thing that is most interesting for me is how ( it 's presented that ) the majority of russians love puddin ' and think he 's some kind of a god . 
  while he leads the country into the poo , more and more . 
  do n't get me wrong , here we hate our politicians but it 's because they are pigs and this is the usual for many decades . . 
  the thing is , we can hate them , we can say we hate them , no one is trying to say or prove that we love them or that they have 114 percent approval rating or something ...  still , you 're free to go wherever you like , 
  on our news they say the farmers drink ouzo and have fun . 
  i think i 'm going to protest with them . 
  bro , your arm fell . 
  take this '' \\ '' . 
  get scandinavian pension 3 . 
  come to live here like a king . 
  yep . 
  many africans come too , being `` refugees '' from syria . 
  i 'm flirting for money from germany , duh ... :d, 
  oh , yes , we have all of them  lidl , billa , kaufland ... people shop there because it 's cheaper and you can find what you need . 
  about the cars - here you can also see opels and vws that are around or more than 20 years old . 
  most of the people buy second hand cars , because the new ones are expensive , and the second hand in great condition are way cheaper . 
  german cars are considered the best ( because they are  ) . 
  you can see a lot of newer and expensive models as well ... the contrast is funny . 
  there was a joke . 
  advertisement for bulgaria on a german tv : `` welcome to bulgaria !, 
  your cars are already here ! '', 
  ( this joke was made about the car stealing , but yeah , your cars are here :d ), 
  yes , the rents probably are way more higher . 
  you know what is curious , though ... bulgarians living and working in germany say that many things are way cheaper - the food in the bigger chains , for example . 
  other curious thing that comes to my mind is , that bulgarians go to germany to buy cars ( second hand , of course )  some of the expensive things are the food and drinks in the restaurants . 
  there was funny comparison between a beer in the restaurant and a beer from lidl for example . 
  when you put it like that , the pro-putin party here is kind of quiet recently :d the main party retard has n't done circus in the past months . 
  russia is a big place . 
  dude , here the minimal gross salary is around 230 eurps . 
  bro , i 'm not being ironic or anything and i sincerely feel bad for you , but you know one country is ... in bad condition ... when the bulgarian salaries seems way better in comparison . 
  i have never believed i will say that . 
  who is going to pay for the hotels ? 
  because , you know , the owners of the hotels will not give their rooms/profit for free , basically working pro bono publico . 
  oh , yeah , germany has money . 
  could be because i provided proof . 
  actually , i agree that if there is some kind of suspicion it should be dealt with  in the end i believe the thread was deleted by mods . 
  if they want to try to integrate we can send them a couple of hundred thousands . 
  no problem . 
  oh , they do get a lot of money :d if only you could see the houses and the cars of the bosses . 
  actually , you can . 
  they are shown in the documentary in the top comment , but also i can provide you some links : http://lambo.blog.bg/photos/29038/original/gipsy/gipsy%20home%202.jpg http://epicenter.bg/userfiles/images/0000001.jpg this kind of shit . 
  mind you , a a lot of the money they made are by stealing and pick pocketing abroad too . 
  it 's kind of sad and ironic foreigners do n't know how much money are brought through all kinds of scams . 
  we should have sent walter white to lithuania . 
  as far as their confessions go , ( if i remember correctly ) they say they can easily reach a hundred euros . 
  it 's in the comment  i think you should be able to see the english subtitles , right ? 
   can you tell me if there is a problem ? 
  `` i 've found the bulgarian documentary ( now with english subtitles ) , made by one of the national ( ! ), 
  tvs , about the organizing , the mafia behind it , about everything . 
  you can see it . 
  i recommend it . 
  part one - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w28afnuedpm part two - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqmk1kjlccy '', 
  yeah , while here we 're cynical and pessimistic ( about people and everything ... ) as fck . 
  : / source - being bulgarian . 
  though that skeptic approach or ours does often help . 
  i 'm pretty sure more than a hundred people a day pass through these larger stores , supermarkets , liquor stores  even if a small percentage of them decides to give the amount equal a single euro ... that 's how you do it . 
  but seriously , watch the documentary i shared in the top comment , everything is shown ... 
  basically the police says stuff like `` weeelll ... it 's hard to coordinate with the swedish police ... it 's hard to make them confess they 're into a network ... it 's hard to charge them with anything ... '' meaning `` it 's hard to get up of our fat asses and so anything , and they do n't do anything illegal in bulgaria so why should we give a fck ... '' also - these criminal networks often pay the police so that 's an additional bonus . 
  . . and even after giving part of the money to their organizer and boss , they are still left with very nice amount . 
  i 'm talking , way better than working something . 
  for example , if they were people who worked they could get something like 250 euros net a month , if they are lucky , and ( there was a very nice and long bulgarian documentary about them - about the organization , the people behind it , the powerless police that does n't do a thing and so on . . ) they bragged about making ( if i 'm not mistaken ) a hundred euro a day , easily . 
  so , in this documentary the journalist makes a interview and asks - `` why do n't you find yourself a work ? 
  and the beggar says : `` what ? 
  you expect me to work ? 
  do you think i 'm crazy ! '', 
  oh , damn , i 've found the documentary !, 
  will share in another comment !, 
  edit - shared it in the top comment, 
  well ... nope ... because by law their children should attend school in bulgaria . 
  for free . 
  even they sometimes receive money if attending . 
  the thing is , their parents ( if you could call such people parents ) take their children to exploit the people in sweden . 
  also - they are not interested in attending school . 
  you must believe me , the gypsy girls often do n't go after 14-15 years old because they get pregnant and make babies . 
  even before that it 's hard to keep them in school , because they are not interested . 
  he is right !, 
  all the oligarchs in bulgaria are from the communist past , unfortunately . 
  things had n't changes . 
  also - we should remember all the victims of the communist regime - unknown number of people in mass graves . 
  genocide over tens of thousands , without a trial and mercy . 
  oh , i 'm sure too . 
  as they are very interested in letting their children attend schools in bulgaria , because , you know , they are from here and they must ( by law ) let their children attend school here . 
  pff finally !, 
  i 've talked a couple of times about it , even made a thread in the swedish subreddit , and they thought i was some kind of swedish far-right . 
  as it 's said many times - this is all made to exploit such countries ( mostly sweden ) by fake organized gypsy beggars , that go by cars or even small buses to sweden to beg for money , making large sums .
