  ahahahaha , the article is pure gold . 
  yep . 
  that 's the pseudo-feminism . 
  mandatory wearing for type of clothes , hiding the beauty of women , prison or something even worse for women who do n't obey the men and who think they should be equal to men . 
  yeah , that 's alright according to these `` feminists '' . 
  but if you see a cgi butt in a video game - you should be crucified !, 
  mate , the headline is kinda okay . 
  it could be way worse . 
  if it would be me - i would put something way more sarcastic . 
  without any sarcasm - you have our respect , congratulations and best wishes !, 
  seeing you i understand why we do suck as people . 
  you had the bravery to do what you did with ceusescu . 
  we are always just `` meh '' . 
  the same fuckers are still politicians . 
  well , dude , you 're from bulgaria so you know it pretty well . 
  we 're one of the most retarded countries in the world . 
  btw - you should post this in the subreddit / r/askeurope, 
  ah , great video , thanks for sharing !, 
  yeah , the things are indeed complicated . 
  a lot of bulgarians choose to work in the uk in really bad conditions - shoved in caravans , working ungodly hours daily , with sometimes even bad attitude from the employer , but in the end they manage to save money that 's impossible to save if they worked here . 
  for example , if you make the comparison , outside of the capital , in bulgaria a lot of people work for about 200 euros ( net salary ) a month . 
  that 's why unskilled workers choose to go abroad - uk or germany , spain , italy and so on , because there is still a huge economical inequality in the eu . 
  a lot of the people work skilled labour too , english is not that hard to learn , so many professionals choose career in the uk . 
  but yeah , most of the workers are employed in the agriculture or services . 
  it 's a paradoxical situation . 
  for me , as a bulgarian , i 'm not really personally offended or anything by the brexit and the desire for getting all the foreign workers out . 
  but still , this does n't change the fact , that while our university students pick strawberries in the uk for almost nothing , i can hardly imagine the british taking over the same jobs after the poles , hungarians , bulgarians , slovaks and so on leave . 
  i admit , that if it gets to that i will grab the popcorn and will watch the situation with the businesses and the economy in the uk with interest , and it will be funny as hell . 
  oh well , greetings from bulgaria !, 
  lol [ no escape from balkan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a ), 
  we do n't have catholic schools ... 
  i thought all the students there would be catholic ? 
  it is on theory rape , because she was impregnated at the age of 12 . 
  but the police does n't do shit . 
  `` cultural differences '' . 
  the police itself is lazy as fuck . 
  `` i mean , do they contribute to society , have jobs etc ? '', 
  nope , social benefits . 
  just around 20 percent of the gypsies work , the rest are on social benefits . 
  ahahahahaha , this is fucking awesome :d, 
  ... and exterminate all the gavurs ? 
  / s :d :d :d, 
  we called you `` czechia '' ( \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f ) before it was cool !, 
  thank you for this !, 
  it looks really similar to the russian propaganda in our medias . 
  should translate some of it , just to show to the western europeans , in case they are ( still ) not reached by this type of propaganda . 
  russian friends , that 's one of the reasons we 're pissed at the russian politics - because suddenly we all were drown in such propaganda bullshit . 
  putin just needs to keep his damn hands away from us . 
  now , that is what i 'm talking about and what i meant . 
  you can see that lupita is a beautiful black woman ( i 'm not used to such short hair , because it 's a cultural thing , but there are photos with longer hair ) . 
  again - it would be kind of strange if african woman wins miss finland , as it would be strange if finnish woman wins miss kenya , but if it 's a beautiful black woman i would understand it and it wont be racist , as it 's in this case . 
  hm , let me think about it ... 
  i do n't know many black women . 
  personally , i do n't find beyonce attractive . 
  i like rihanna , but she 's not african , so i guess she does n't count . 
  you see , we almost do n't have any black people in my country , and i 've seen a black woman just once in my life , so i do n't have a specific opinion based on real interactions . 
  if beyonce is considered with more `` black '' features , also the one in the beauty pageant - i guess i do n't like them . 
  i 've also seen photos of african really really dark skinned beautiful women and it 's really exotic , but i 'm not really familiar from which group they are . 
  i do n't give a fuck about beauty pageants , especially some that are on the other end of the continent . 
  but since this was made a huge deal all over the internet , even our own online medias - indeed , the commentators on the social media and so on are behaving stupid , and i 'm sure there are more intelligent ways to have a discussion or disagreement . 
  but !, 
  on the other hand , i personally think people who say she 's chosen just because she 's black , are right . 
  either i 'm stupid/blind or somehow do n't know what a beautiful woman is , or this uglier black woman is chosen over the way more beautiful white women just because she 's black . 
  i mean , if it was a beautiful black woman , let 's say - halle berry - i 'm okay with that . 
  but she 's not beautiful or at least not as beautiful as the other white women !, 
  does anyone really think she 's the most beautiful ? 
  wtf ? 
  i wish there was such thing as a critical thinking . 
  but the people who believe the propaganda are the same idiots who believe all kinds of conspiracy theories , aliens helping adolf hitler , the british queen being a lizard and so on . 
  also , the same websites that spread russian propaganda love to spread other misinformation and conspiracies . 
  recently even our torrents are spammed with conspiracy bullshit , it 's so massive it 's like a deliberate attempt . 
  `` nessebar '' * cough-sunnybeach-cough *, 
  about . . the russian propaganda ? 
  it exists in far stronger countries as a government , and our weaker government and political life , that includes parties sponsored by russia , hardly will do anything against the propaganda . 
  the propaganda itself , though , is often based on pure lies . 
  the idea amongst other is to always insult bulgaria . 
  for example - `` during the communism life was good !, 
  now life in the eu is bad !, 
  people are commiting suicides all the time !, 
  we would be better with russia ! '', 
  and somehow they forgot to mention that the percentage of people who commit suicide in russia is way , way higher than us . 
  `` the economy is bad !, 
  we are bad with the eu !, 
  russian leader putin is strong ! '', 
  and somehow they forget to mention how the minimum salary in russia is paradoxically low , even lower than ours , which ... means a lot . 
  the irony is , these fuckers that spread the propaganda and say how good it was during the communism - if they did that during these times , or in country with communism ... they will just disappear . 
  and in the `` bad '' eu they can do it freely . 
  uhhhm , nope . 
  it 's not a boogeymen . 
  for example in bulgaria there are also probably 50 - 60 websites in bulgarian , that spread propaganda . 
  all of them appeared almost at the same time and spread the same bullshit . 
  propaganda and conspiracy theories . 
  never criticising russia and always criticising the eu , the united states and so on ... 
  so the `` boogeyman '' is real . 
  i guess at least you should be worried when there 's a propaganda war against usa . 
  very glad to hear it and in a way - i thank you !, 
  it would be interesting for you , i think . 
  it 's `` reisebericht '' ( the most famous bulgarian one ) and very interesting view of the author , how he sees , from the eyes of a bulgarian / european / southerner the american way of life and the `` new world '' . 
  it 's written in 1893 and i 'm very curious how you , as a german , would feel the book . 
  it 's one of the classics in our literature that every kid learns in school .
