  to get easily at least 700-800 euros . 
  in sofia , working for international businesses , depending on where you start , if you 're in `` mental '' kind of work - languages , support and shit , you can get 700-800 euros or more , which is considered `` daaaamn good '' money . 
  mmm , as far as i know , people working in such factories ( especially for the `` western '' companies ( in this case korea hehehe ) ) , have one of the best salaries . 
  i 'm really curious if some polish / ukrainian guy can tell us more about the money they get . 
  you 're right about the `` boring '' stuff . 
  probably it 's my psychic , but i ca n't imagine myself working such a job . 
  i 'm in a completely different sphere ( languages , literature ... ) , though . 
  * cough * 3:26 * cough *, 
  here it 's mostly about money . 
  if my parents have an apartment , where i do n't have to pay for anything ( or just to share the bills ) , why should i move out , where i have to pay for everything , basically throwing away money ? 
  for comparison , most of the people outside of the capital work for less than 300 euros a month . 
  to rent a very small apartment could cost you 100 + euros a month , and if you include the bills - electricity , water , heating ( during the winter ) , internet , transport ... it could get close to 200 euros . 
  so you 'll have 100 euros to eat for the whole month , also ... to buy yourself clothes and other necessities . 
  god forbid if you have unpredictable expenses like going to the dentist or something else ... 
  it 's impossible  mind you , a lot of people ( outside sofia ) work for even less - 200-250 euros net salary a month . 
  on theory , i could rent a place and live there , but that would mean i would have to eat `` bread and salt '' and not be able to save any money . 
  there 's practically no point in doing that . 
  of course , if somehow i had a salary like ... more than a 1000 euros a month , or i win the lottery - it would be completely okay to move out . 
  it 's not a `` mental '' or `` cultural '' problem of the nation to do it . 
  also - there 's probably some difference in mentality too . 
  some scandinavian guys mentioned before in the comments , that their parents would ask them to pay them from their salary / or after they are 18 , or move out . 
  if some parents here ask their children `` you have to pay me rent ! '', 
  it would be ... really , really strange and awkward , the children would just get angry at their parents , it 's just awkward . 
  like ... the most dear and loved thing/person in the world - and to ask him for money just because he 's living here ? 
  unthinkable ... 
  very powerful photo !, 
  dude , i would sing the swedish anthem , the least thing - out of respect for the country , and i 've even not been to sweden . 
  it 's a basic respect for the country that 's your ( new ) home , i ca n't believe someone would mind . 
  i mean - all the migrants should mind waving the isis flag , because that 's the reason for all the shit that 's happening . 
  if everybody is doing it ... * hey turkey , gib money plox !!, 
  meh , i wish it was just the economic measures ... they also buy political parties and poop all over our internet websites with propaganda : /, 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm not buying a suit with merkel on it , no offence :d oh , i 'm almost in tears from laughing every time i see this . 
  i feel like we 're all be getting some polonium in our breakfasts tomorrow . 
  now that looks like she 's just making fun of this poor fucker . 
  man , probably a lot of businesses are pissed off ... 
  of course you know better than the people themselves , who saw these things . 
  * facepalm *, 
  uhhhhhm , but it did happen , though . 
  do n't know about raping , but i 've heard from many old people who saw that with their own eyes - stealing of everything that 's not nailed into the floor , behaving like animals and so on . 
  mind you - it happen here , when they come as `` allies '' and `` liberators '' ( according to the ruling communist party ) , so i do n't want to imagine what happens when they are not `` allies '' and `` liberators '' . 
  also - a genocide and mass graves , but these `` beautiful '' things were done by our own communist fckers . 
  as far as i know , the soviet `` liberators '' , at least here , did n't have anything with it . 
  well , just the orders from moscow probably , but not personally committed . 
  i can tell you a lot about the differences , though ... 
  both armies passed through bulgaria , both armies were some kind of `` allies '' to us during the time of the passing through bulgaria , and our soldiers did not fight against the soviets , but after that they were made to go fight against the germans . 
  so , the differences . 
  when the germans passed through bulgaria all of them were very clean , civilised , polite and bought everything they needed . 
  they even helped with the infrastructure - buildings , even small `` projects '' in the villages and so on . 
  we were considered allies , but we were a `` bad '' ally - we did not send army , we did what we wanted . 
  when the russians came , again , as `` allies '' , because the communist party came into power , they were stealing everything and basically were like unleashed group of neanderthals . 
  everybody was hiding their animals and property , some people taking all the animals into the forest , because ... everything was disappearing after them . 
  so , yeah ... at least for us it was really different, 
  unfortunately , it seems they are trying more and more to `` wash up '' the faces of stalin and the other fckers . 
  me too : /, 
   what ? 
  * checks google images * well , looks fine to me too . 
  it 's a cheap work force , basically the companies pay peanuts in comparison of what they would pay if it was in western europe . 
  basically - qualified workers almost for free . 
  but !, 
  they are still very good salaries for bulgaria , and these workers can have better lifestyle than the average , and money are put into the country . 
  so i guess it 's a win-win situation . 
  there was similar joke . 
  what is the same between the democracy in the us and the communism in the soviet union ? 
  well ... in both places you can call the president of the usa a pig , without fearing for your life . 
  actually , do you know , that romania used to use cyrillic until ( relatively ) recently , 
  after seeing interviews with that lady laura ( your prosecutor ) , i approve with both hands . 
  ** bulgaria ** many people were `` a bit '' angry at one macedonian `` journalist '' . 
  - first world war . 
  we had a campaign against the serbs at some mountain ( now in greece ) . 
  - serbs made a chapel to respect their dead , which we all should do . 
  no bad feelings for the fallen soldiers on both sides . 
  - couple of our soldiers recently put a memorial plate of our dead soldiers . 
  - this macedonian `` journalist '' went and smashed our plate with a hammer . 
  - now everyone is pissed because of this disrespect of our fallen soldiers , of our country and history . 
  - everybody is saying on this guy 's facebook , that if we see him in bulgaria , we gon na unscrew his head . 
  - the irony - around 35 thousand macedonians fought in the bulgarian army in this campaigns against the serbs . 
  - also many macedonians are like `` wtf , dude , why the hell did you do that ? '', 
  f * ck our politicians , romania , annex us , please ? 
  i 'm not for banning the hijab from the passport , because i would n't care if people wore whatever they want , but is n't one of the purposes of that photo to include all possible characteristics of the face - also hair colour / haircut and to show as much as possible ? 
  not that , for example , men ca n't shave their head or men and women ca n't change their hair colour . 
  but still . . 
  weeell ... yeah . 
  nato . 
  but i know what you mean , they just have different priorities . 
  `` you can stay hungry , but check that new tank we 've made ! '', 
  yes . 
  guys , keep your earthquakes quiet at night , please . 
  we ca n't sleep . 
  i , personally , prefer to have a glass of rakija , instead of doing some wars . 
  i was thinking just that . 
  these `` nationalists '' are complete retards who do n't even know a shit about stalin and the theory of the communism . 
  the idea behind the communism is the internationalism - no borders and shit . 
  yet , the `` nationalists '' who , presumably , follow the nationalism , which is the opposite of the communism , erect statues of stalin . 
  the politics in russia , and the propaganda that 's spread , is so retarded and paradoxical , it 's ... ridiculous . 
  now i can see , in my country , `` nationalist '' political party , bought by another country , that spreads communist propaganda and waves communist flags and shit , also talking about some `` orthodox '' christianity brotherhood and faith in religion , and the same political party also talks about strict borders . 
  it 's like circus de soleil of politics . 
  such is life on the balkans . 
  edit . 
  but seriously , this is ridiculous . 
  living on vodka reserves and stuff :d ( just kidding , just kidding ),
