  in bulgarian it means `` ugly '' ... : /, 
  at least you have planes to play with :d, 
  stalin is the man who killed most russians ( soviets ) in the history of russia . 
  stalin gaining popularity in russia . 
  duuude ... 
  sheit that is ugly ... 
  when you think about it , some buildings are taller that that :d so basically they can put a building on top of the highest point and make it double in height :d, 
  mood ( and food ) in finland worse than a war zone :d :d :d, 
  well , while we 're sitting here the italians just drink some fine wine and flirt with the beautiful italian women in some nice italian cafe . 
  and we 're just sitting here ... 
  sorry , bro , i 'm not familiar with that case . 
  actually what i meant was in more ... broad way . 
  because , for example , here we 've had `` nationalist '' marches that just go with some flags and posters and that 's it , while , for example , in greece there are often protests of far left , who should be on theory liberals , and they burnt whole streets up and made a lot of mess , while , honestly , i have n't seen such things done by `` nationalists '' . 
  well , of course , there are retard football hooligans and such `` intelligent '' people all over the world , but that 's other thing and i would n't say they know anything about politics or think about these things ... edit . 
  i 'm actually quiet unfamiliar with german politics , unfortunately : /, 
  aha , so both parties are the same shit . 
  not sure , but i have the impression that `` lefts '' and `` liberals '' are way more violent in recent times than so called `` far rights '' and `` neo-nazis '' , on their protests . 
  is it true ? 
  the example given for bulgaria , though it 's true as i commented before , looks like a parody of a political party . 
  they are bunch of retards with leader who gets constantly into scandals , behave like a monkey and recently got beaten , because went drunk , entered one university and tried to get in fight with the students and basically did n't want to leave when asked . 
  so one guy punched him and whole of bulgaria almost reached orgasm when looked at the video , because that idiot finally got what he deserved . 
  ( un ) fortunatelly the police managed to save his ass ( though later he complained he was taken by force and what not by the police ) , so he could n't receive from the people 's `` love '' , as he should . 
  this fcker will most probably not enter in the next parliament , so that 's why `` evil russia communistic empire '' will not achieve any domination soon . 
  just for your amusement , the mentioned moment : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfeu9yz7isc aaaah , it 's almost orgasm , i 'm telling you ... 
  well , do n't know about the other countries but for bulgaria it 's well known that ataka indeed is sponsored by russia for the only purpose of leading the russian propaganda in our medias , internet and parliament . 
  these retards wave more russian flags on their protests than bulgarian flags . 
  they know their swastikas as well ... :d, 
  that 's a good question . 
  the thing with germany is , ( talked recently with friends from germany about exactly this topic ) , so the thing is that germany has even these sectors modernized . 
  so the country does n't need people to pick fruits and ... milk cows or something ( even bulgaria has modernized many , many sectors and the things are n't like 10-15 years ago , and more stuff are done with machines ) but needs people who are able to operate the machines and computers that milk cows . 
  while here you can see people on the streets pretending to clean them with brooms , in germany most probably even the cleaning of the sidewalks is done with some machines . 
  that 's one of the `` problems '' , so to speak , about the lack of need of unqualified workers . 
  it 's funny how when talking in abstract way about the need of education for all the immigrants to prepare them for the labor market , everybody forgets that about this education the state should provide a huuuge `` army '' of teachers , infrastructure , materials and all the other smaller things that go with the process of education . 
  these teachers will need payment , the infrastructure will need expenses for ... even electricity and rent . . 
  i mean , it 's really , really complicated process . 
  it 's gon na be interesting to watch what will happen . 
  yes , germany somehow manages to do that with other immigrants before that , it 's a rich state , but this was/is a huge wave . 
  lol 'd at the guy with the brown shirt and the glasses . 
  the same `` tourists '' like these in syria ... nope , purely humanitarian ... :d, 
  190 k pounds a year ... you can buy 4 nice flats every year here ( in bulgaria ) . 
  niiiiiiiiiiiiice !, 
  someone should try screaming `` jesus christ is great !, 
  '' , just to see the reaction of the policemen ... 
  glad to hear it  and you can always ask bulgarians about this topic ... 
  well said , neighbor ... 
  how often - in the villages with gypsies every single hows had been broken into . 
  every single house . 
  there are a few villages that do n't have gypsies , but funny enough some gypsies come from the near villages sometimes to steal . 
  still , the situation is better . 
  in the villages with bigger gypsy population , some old people do n't have anything left . 
  and i mean - the first time the gypsies come - they steal the animals . 
  the second time they come - they steal some valuable , let 's say , machinery or something that they can sell somewhere . 
  the third time they come they steal all kinds of iron , bras , other metal that can be sold to the recycling ... what was the name ... and the fourth time they break into the house they steal everything that is left and they can get . 
  how often - in every house something has been stolen , in many houses - the situation is even worse . 
  the police does n't do sh * t because they are ordered not to do anything and because they are lazy fat stupid bastards . 
  we say , that if you are stupid and ca n't do any work you can become a policeman . 
  and there , my friend , is the huge difference between bulgaria and for example the uk or the us , or other western countries . 
  there the police has some honor , has some ... respect from the people . 
  here it 's the opposite . 
  i 've read `` funny '' comments under our media that if something like that horror in france happens here , the people should protect the police and the army , because ... yeah ... they are fat and useless now . 
  oh , yeah , the police is forbidden to do anything even if they wanted , because these gypsies are used by the politicians - to buy them and to get elections . 
  people can get robbed with everything , the polise comes and says - oh ... let 's write you 've been stolen ( the equivalent of ) 50 euro ( because that 's the value when the lazy police do n't have to move their asses ) and that 's that . 
  also , how often ... happen phone scams . 
  here we have huge phone scams where our pensioners ( ironically ) get robbed with huge amounts of money , we talk about 5-6-7 thousand euros . 
  mind you the minimum salary is mmm about 150 euros net . 
  so , these pensioners save their money and than get fooled and give these money to the gypsies phone scammers . 
  again - ask another bulgarians , but the scammers are only gypsies . 
  the police knows where they live and who they are but again does nothing . 
  the reported cases that get to the media , how often - every day . 
  the unreported cases , because the old people will be ashamed if they get fooled ... no one knows ... bug these gypsies had build huge houses and drive very expensive cars . 
  how often about throwing babies in trash cans ... fortunately recently i have n't heard about such cases . 
  i think the last case was in the end of 2014 . 
  but ... nevertheless they give birth at the age of 13-14 and they leave the babies at the orphanage . 
  and if you do n't believe me about that there are some creatures , humans , that do n't know how many children they have ... copy this in google images and you can see . 
  '' \u0441\u0442\u043e\u043b\u0438\u043f\u0438\u043d\u043e\u0432\u043e '' sorry for the novel-comment , just felt the need to say how it is ... and it 's not fcking easy to live with that . 
  yeah , as i said , france already seen it , not it 's sweden 's turn , germany is also full with our gypsies , they bring millions from stealing in the uk too ... so some people there know . 
  well . . if you live in bulgaria and see how often gypsies in the villages steal everything they can get their hands on from the poor old people ( who ca n't even manage to keep a single chicken ) that are almost died off from the villages ... and they rape and beat to death these old people ... 
  i 'm not exaggerating ... and it 's like some kind of crazy sad sad story ... and if some pc retard comes and says `` noo , you ca n't say gypsy , you should say roma people '' , than you will have the pure inner feeling to shove your foot up this retard 's ass . 
  also not to talk about what these gypsies do to their own children - throwing new born babies in the trash bins , not knowing how many babies they have ( not to say about their names or anything else ... ) ... 
  so yeah ... somehow this pc ca n't grow up in our places . 
  also , france received waves of our gypsies . . and they just could n't manage them and sent them back . 
  sweden now has huge waves of them . 
  wonder how long till they just will give up trying to `` integrate '' them or just will get sick of the organized networks of beggars and will give them back . 
  ( about the orginized networks of beggars - the swedish people do n't believe they are orginized . 
  well , ask other bulgarians if you do n't believe ), 
  khm ... hundreds of thousands : /, 
  what ? 
  someone is f * cking with the raki ?!, 
  this is blasphemy !, 
  i only wonder how the things will go during the winter . 
  we should remember that the migrants come from a completely different climate ... and i doubt it sweden ( norway and so on ... ) have the capacity for taking care for everyone in the winter ... 
  i 'm not sure politics and organizations pay this fact the needed attention . 
  your fence is actually doing some work ? 
  as far as i know our fence is a complete joke ... the migrants are just cutting through it . 
  this makes my brain cry . 
  lol western europe - peasants !, 
  :d just kidding , bro ... but whhyyy ? 
  imagine if some provider gets a normal internet speed in germany , everybody would get that like a warm bread !, 
  for comparison - i 'm paying 5 euro for 30 mbit and it 's kind of okay . 
  before that i paid ( not kidding ) because of some promotion of my provider - 2,50 euro a month for almost 90 mbit cable internet .
