  that 's weird ... in our folk tales the youngest son is the bravest and smartest , and so on ... 
  in bulgaria it 's letters showing the county of registration too ... 
  it 's sometimes useful . 
  or else ... do n't make me call the prime minister !, 
  this prime minister is the pimp . 
  also - can europe into turkey for a beautiful turkish girl ? 
  not that i want to ruin someone 's fun , but these are not the average candidates ( though the average candidates are still ... pure shit . ) . 
  these are the most fun and bizare cases ( most often from some small unknown village ) that already circulate for a while in bulgarian web . 
  and that 's basically bulgarian politics in resume . 
  congratulations and respect for the spirit , the will and the strength , that led to the revolution , hungarian brothers !, 
  basically what happened : to be honest , it 's like some kind of dark comedy . 
  there was a big group of aggressively behaving people ( btw - the investigation says videos with violence were found on this guy 's phone , it does n't yet say if they were isis propaganda videos ) , so , there was this big group . 
  there were these three guards , one of them was an ordinary police officer relocated from other part of the country , so they were 20 times fewer than the group , it was in the middle of the night ... and they were under a bridge , in the `` wilderness '' . 
  the group did n't want to collaborate ( after all they were over 50 , and the guards were three guys ) . 
  here comes the irony - so this guard wanted to make an warning shot ... he did it . . in the air ... under a bridge . 
  it ricocheted , hit this guy and he died later in the hospital . 
  btw - press conference expected in 30 minutes ... we will get to know more . 
  . . everybody is in shock in bulgaria ... that our soldiers know how to shoot a gun and to defend themselves . 
  apf , nothing personal against the russian people themselve , but about that `` best buddies '' we still ca n't get civilized enough and we 're still with all the shitty communist mentality , administration , `` connections do everything '' , stealing in every sphere and so on stuff ... and if someone from western europe ( or canada , or usa ) says they have also shitty administration - you just do n't know and have n't experienced ours ... , 
  well , poland offers two times cheaper offer , so why not  also - the money will stay in nato , so that 's kind of a bonus . 
  ah , these are probably some of the humanitarian rockets sent with all the other `` humanitarian '' stuff ... 
  this looks like a million times better than our students dormitories . 
  article ( in bulgarian ) - `` student 's life - in dirt , mold and cockroaches . '', 
  `` euro army fetishists '' * oh , yeah baby , talk to me about leopard tank and eurofighter typhoon , yeah baby , i know you like it !, 
  i urge russia to stop with the unfriendly troll propaganda in our medias . 
  please ? 
  there 's a small difference in mentality , at least from our part of europe and the usa . 
  it 's true we do n't pay that much money for university education , so we do n't get student loans , but , according to statistics , more than half of the young people live with their parents . 
  i think that 's because we do n't want to take loans . 
  for me , personally , the last thing i would do is to take a loan , if it 's about life or death situation . 
  absolutely the last thing . 
  people here prefer to live with their parents and not to take loans for buying even a cheaper house/flat . 
  ( though they are not very cheap , because , let 's say , a month net salary outside of sofia could be 300 euros net and a flat , again - outside of sofia , could be 45 000 euros . ), 
  the other thing is that we 're not so sure about our economical future - we do n't know if we will keep our job or not , so we prefer not to take any risks . 
  or we could end up with over 100 salaries in debt . 
  for example i live with my parents but we 're in a pretty big apartment - over 120 sq. 
  metres , so it 's not like it 's crowded . 
  if i want to i can always move out and rent a small place , but it would just be throwing away of money . 
  when i plan about starting a family it 's absolutely not a problem to move out . 
  about starting a family - well , it 's hard to say . 
  but on theory we prefer to do it after graduating university . 
  though i 've seen cases of pregnancies during last years of school . 
  such is life . 
  also i 've seen pretty smart , educated people with careers and shit who are over 30 and single . 
  `` fun '' fact : both of the candidates are ex-members of the bulgarian communist party . 
  my personal opinion - they both suck . 
  haaaa . 
  haaa . 
  also hugh laurie and ( the old ) top gear :d, 
  it 's a mystery for me too . 
  the politicians , the generals , and the other fckers said , they can get grippens . 
  which would be like one thousand times better . 
  the thing with the army here is , they do the offer where they can steal the most . 
  probably half of the money is for `` commissions '' . 
  i love uk for terry pratchett . 
  and rowan atkinson . 
  douglas adams . 
  george orwell . 
  economic power and nice army speak louder than just economic power . 
  what about if the army is just for defending the territories of the eu ? 
  indeed , we have nato for that , but eu army would be a bit quicker to deploy and after all - a factor that should be considered , if some country decides it can go wherever it likes . 
  whoever pays the money gets his cock sucked : /, 
  this farage guy suffers from extreme form of masochism , it seems . 
  imagine an us politician to say - `` as long as we can bring the united states down , it does n't matter how we do it . '' . 
  or russian politician - `` as long as we can bring the russian federation down ... '' ( separating the republics ) . 
  funny guy . 
  may the heroes fighting for freedom and independence be remembered forever !, 
  greetings from bulgaria !, 
  do n't know , bro . 
  but here it used to be like that during the communism . 
  portraits of our dictator everywhere , in every school , in every building , everywhere . 
  the mentality changed . 
  now if someone puts the portrait of the prime minister he 's either an idiot , or he 's the main local party member or something . 
  this cult is not normal , it 's considered ridiculous . 
  we 've been burnt by this shit . 
  i hope you 're right and there is not such a cult of personality of putin . 
  i 'm glad to hear it , if there is n't . 
  if there is , this looks more and more like stalinism . 
  first it 's portraits everywhere , second - you do n't dare to criticise any decision , because the fanatics will shut you , and finally - you ca n't criticise , because you will ... disappear . 
  naah , i do n't think it 's at the same level . 
  actually , is it proven that the so called `` right '' politicians in western europe are sponsored by russia ? 
  we have whole party sponsored by russia . 
  it 's like a pr but in a form of a party with a tiny retarded leader who shouts all the time and pretends to be a communist hitler or somethin ... also - party 's newspaper and tv station . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  ( just kidding , just kidding ), 
  these , for example http://www.zanzu.de/de/arten-von-sex , 
  it 's funny how they 're in every colour imaginable , that 's still somewhat plausible . 
  one of the `` white '' women is pink as a lollipop . 
  it 's like a huge international orgy . 
  * drinks rakija and nods understandingly *, 
  showing off with your metaphorical navy dick in front of nato member . 
  these guys sure are brave ... 
  oh , i 've watched documentaries about it , also videos . 
  it 's so surrealistic to see tanks shelling a building in the centre of moscow ... 
  you 're right . 
  in russia they would need to find people speaking bulgarian at pretty good level , which would be expensive , while here they can rent a shady company to do this shit way cheaper . 
  http://www.vesti.bg/bulgaria/politika/internet-trolove-s-hiliadi-komentari-v-polza-na-bsp-6005169 there you go , 
  it 's really hard to say where they are geographically . 
  it 's proven before , that pro-russian political party used trolls in bulgaria , for commenting under news in the websites and creating fake profiles , but it 's hard to say if the russian propaganda machine uses troll factories in bulgaria , or trolls who are in russia . 
  the trolls on our internet use bulgarian language , though sometimes , for example on reddit - the `` bulgarian '' sounds a bit strange .
