i was just going to say - they wanted the `` great socialism '' - they got the `` great socialism '' . 
  the same shit was here , decades ago . 
  ( as i said in other thread - ) belgrade is a really beautiful city and i would like some day to see more of it ... 
  it 's funny that the expensive hotel room is 175e per night and if belgrade is similar to sofia for that money you can rent an good apartment for a month :d, 
  we can send you couple of hundred thousand gypsies asap . 
  for free . 
  no problems . 
  happy `` baba marta '' day !, 
  okay , let 's seriously see this sht . 
  do you see many obviously paid comments under articles in the news sites in your own countries , obvious product of the russian propaganda machine ? 
  i can say and prove there are many comments under articles not only connected with the situation in ukraine , but also under completely random articles , that are product of political propaganda . 
  many of them are copy-pasted , many are basically the same , in bulgarian they 're called like ... `` points '' propaganda points . 
  and i 'm not even into all the conspiracy shit , this is just obvious . 
  so , have you met this phenomenon in your countries ? 
  114 % soon ... 
  good point !, 
  but imagine if they were wearing burkas ( no offense towards the more liberal muslims ) , this sex appeal would be hidden : / edit . 
  i mean - imagine all the beautiful and gentle faces hidden in some parts of the world . 
  kind of sad ... edit 2 . 
  question - i know turkey is way more liberal and it was liberalized for the clothing too , but is it possible to see turkish women wearing full covering burkas ? 
  ... also miniskirts are sexy !, 
  til in norway there are also such traditional dresses !, 
  it 's beautiful !, 
   i 've discovered his films later in life . 
  actually i 've watched a lot of films/series when i was a kid , but they were different . 
  the things what i remember - `` tom and jerry '' , `` nu pogodi '' , `` micky mouse '' ...  after that came cartoon network and x men for example , but still we did n't have ( i do n't remember ) transformers . 
  we 've had voltron though :d, 
  i would , actually !, 
  thank you for sharing of this link , so i could find it !, 
  i 've never watched these cartoons . 
  i think that 's a great loss . 
  eurofighter is sexy < 3, 
  well ... hi there !, 
  oh , god , the slavic way ... :d :d :d, 
  yes ... kind of . 
  the younger people realize the difference , but for the older it 's kind of mixed up . 
  you know , all the propaganda of the past about brotherhood , russian brothers and shit , so some of the older people now say for example - `` he 's living in the union '', 
  i too love you germany itt love for germany < 3, 
  ohhhh noooez ... 42 thousand * out of the 7 000 000 bulgarians work in the uk !, 
  you better start learn bulgarian , mate !, 
  these georgis and ivans - they 're everywhere !, 
  * written in the statistics provided, 
  :d oh , yeah , 10 million bulgarians out of the 7 million bulgaria will come tomorrow , i promise !, 
   edit . 
  the british should be `` afraid '' of the gypsies that already bring to bulgaria literally many millions of their money by stealing . 
  and not that much of the bulgarians that work and help keeping the economy going , 
  because there is space-space-space and all kinds of native ( so to speak ) cultures - even a lot of muslims ... 
  btw how 's the question about `` refugees '' going to switzerland ? 
  somehow i 've never seen articles ( in our medias only ? ), 
  about `` syrians '' going with hundreds of thousands in switzerland ? 
  how would the country react ? 
  are they not letting them in ? 
  how would the germans do it , if they , god forbids were refugees somewhere - they will get on strict queues , women and children first . 
  everything would be done easier , faster , quieter and without any problems . 
  that 's why i love that country even if i 've never been there . 
  unfortunately the `` bulgarian way '' of organization is the opposite , but it 's a long topic :d, 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's a plan for action in such situations . 
  we will send armed fighters and will escort the airplanes out of our airspace . 
  he 's our god too , you know , 
  btw have you tried \u0448\u0430\u0440\u0435\u043d\u0430 \u0441\u043e\u043b ( sharena sol ) ? 
  duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude :d `` dog '' ... we love our pets , please !, 
  the `` scariest '' you can find as a meat in our products is donkey or horse meat . 
  it 's pretty rarely produced , it 's a delicacy and it 's fcking tasty , absolutely pure and clean meat , i 'm not joking . 
  i 've tried a couple of times and mixed with pork it 's amazing . 
  greetings , macedonia !, 
  deer meat , 
  shhht , do n't tell that guy about south korea ... 
  is n't that somehow racist ? 
  if someone writes whatever article about `` you do n't have to be a black american ... '' or something he would get the full rage of so many people . 
  dude , if you bless me in such a manner i would be scared as fck . 
  send the fckin ' army , it seems they will be the only institution that could have some control, 
  soo ... the men do n't stay with their wives and children because ... germany ? 
  well said ... that 's another factor - the languages are from completely different family so they fave different structure , grammar , rules , alphabet and so on ... for an englishman it would be easier to learn german language ( and for a german - to learn english ) , i suppose this situation is similar to making and organizing a million germans learn arab . 
  you see ... the percent of literacy is indeed important , but more important is the fact that almost none of the coming immigrants speaks german . 
  somehow everybody forgets this fact . 
  to be honest , i do n't speak german too , but if , on theory , i want to immigrate to germany i would myself organize/pay and so on for my lessons and `` integration '' so to speak , as it is ( probably ) required for me to do so . 
  germany is social country but i think that would be the case . 
  now , if someone could explain to me how learning german could happen for these people ... and if someone says - language courses . 
  well ... okay ... organize language courses - teachers , rooms/schools for the courses , money for the teachers and so on , for a million immigrants , till they reach level at least a2 or b1 , hoping all of them would wish to learn . 
  let 's see how this could happen . 
  50 shades of jihad, 
  hm , i 'm interested in what provoked the police to fire rubber bullets ? 
  hope no one thinks the police started firing just for fun ... 
  oooooooohh - so fre-kt, 
  bulgaria - we suck balls at football . 
  every team beats us . 
  edit . 
  - oh , wait , it 's not just that week . 
  idiocy comes in many forms , 
  dude , with all my respect for your beautiful countries , i tried to watch the video but could n't watch it till the end because i know the things said in the video are right . 
  so , with all my respect i would slap your countries for being such ... such ... pff ... ca n't find the words . 
  such an amazing social and beautiful countries ... and being stupid . 
  and that 's a foreigner saying it , not a nationalist from sweden or finland ... 
  lol , sweden :d ps . 
  i made a thread in the subreddit of sweden talking a lot and explaining the organized criminal `` business '' of getting beggars from bulgaria ( and most probably the same way with the romanian ones ) and taking them to sweden so they can beg for money . 
  it 's all organized by criminals because there they get a loooot of money . 
  the beggars themselves make a lot of money and here build big houses and drive expensive cars . 
  these people have never worked and say `` we are not crazy to start working when we can make such money just sitting on the street '' . 
  these `` beggars '' get there in nubers - by cars or even orginized by small buses . 
  and i 'm not kidding about it .
