  it 's funny how the swedish people are not even able to think about the situation `` what the fck are doing `` homeless '' people `` without any money '' here in a couple of thousands fcking killometers far from their cities/villages ?!? 
  so , yeah , i tried to explain the situation , because it 's sad for me as a bulgarian to see gypsies from my country going and exploiting another country and it 's people , who are not used to such things and are kind to the level of stupidity . 
  the result was that i was called swedish nationalist trying to blame these beggars , the thread was deleted by the moderators and it all was shut down . 
  even when the thread had literally hundreds of posts and a huge interest . 
  soooo , sometimes , in such occasions i think to myself - okay , dudes , you will see in the future . 
  i tried to warn you , but fck this , you gon na see for yourself . 
  yes , `` hassan dhuhulow '' - the ancient norwegian name ... 
  6 ) provide economic alternatives in smuggling communities oh , yeah , because all the criminals organized in criminal rings and organizations that get up to a 10 000 euros from a immigrant for smuggling would just decide in a second to work hard every month for 300 euros monthly salary . 
  yeah , i can see that happening ... 
  god forbids they hit a policeman with stone and kill him ( or , of course , one of the other immigrants ) . 
  then shit will hit the fan . 
  bulgarian politics in resume - everybody comes from the ( ex ) bulgarian communist party or is a son/daughter to someone from the bcp . 
  `` left '' and `` right '' are completely different and totally inapplicable descriptions for our parodies of a parties . 
  economic left/right : -6.5 social libertarian/authoritarian : 0.36 hm , that 's interesting . 
  i consider myself going a bit to the right about economics , and yet ... 
  actually it would be great if someone makes a statistics about the rapes or thefts ( let 's say - in germany ) and compare them for the racial background of the rapist or thief . 
  before some retard shouts `` that 's raaaciiiist ! '', 
  i 'm a bulgarian so for the german people i 'm a potential immigrant . 
  happy independence day , ukrainian bros !, 
  interesting ... 
  i wonder if google will remove this link to story about removing link to stories about removing link to stories ? 
  hohoho troll hunting !, 
  wait , are we getting the old band together ... ? 
  imagine ... isis enters greece . 
  and bankrupts because it has not enough oil to pay for the greek pensions . 
  yeah , `` orobpa '' is a such shitty name to be called . 
  `` what do europeans have in common ? '', 
  being fcking awesome !, 
  please , slovensko , do n't let your gypsies become like out fcking monkeys . 
  here the policemen are such pussies they 're afraid to enter in the ghettos . 
  for example even inspectors from the electricity and water companies are afraid to enter , so gypsies often do n't pay bills or just steal electricity ( i 'm not joking ! ), 
  and the bulgarians get fcked up by huge bills they did n't make themselves . 
  so , imagine if some american hears that in our country policemen are afraid to enter the gypsy ghettos and to even think using a force ( or a gun for example ) . 
  sorry , i got destracted . 
  all i wanted to say is - control them even if it 's hard or else it gets really , really bad . 
  i 'm talking about raped and murdered old people , where in the villages robbery is something that happens every day and not a single ( !!! ), 
  policeman does anything . 
  bulgaria has a history of mistreating it 's own people . 
  fuck this , lets all of us go to sweden . 
  now , please , can some muslim organization make a third gay pride parade , just for the fun of it ? 
  they 're passing through here , heading for germany/sweden and so on - the better , more social countries . 
  they are ( on theory ) running away from war but they ca n't be made to stay in peaceful bulgaria so they try to run away from us illegally to the western eu . 
  yeah , we have a similar retard in the parliament . 
  that 's why it 's like a live reality show full of clowns . 
  yep . 
  here the infrastructure as a whole is shitty . 
  the oppressed minorities have slightly older automatic rifles ... 
  thanks , mate , that was really interesting thing to read . 
  one of my favorites are : `` all the communists - under ground ! '', 
  ( written in coal mine ) `` all the crazy people - fight for peace ! '', 
  ( written in psychiatric hospital ), 
  yep , that 's the funny part :d, 
  hahahaha, 
  so , this is war then ? 
  send them to bulgaria with pensions of 250 euros . 
  they 'll be ~ ~ fcking rich ~ ~ really okay here ( for pensioners , at least ... ) though if someone could seriously consider this joke proposal , they would profit our economy by shopping and living here , which would mean leaking money from greece ... so yeah ... 
  we have a lot of unemployed economists at the moment so we can send an army of already educated tax officers ... 
  i think even the language would n't be a problem in the tourist sphere . 
  also - as the romanian dude said , here too you have a receipt everywhere ... guess there were/are some measures about it , but there is n't tax evasion at least on such level . 
  for example here , as far as i know , you could be checked exiting the shop by civilian inspectors and if you not have the receipt you will get buttfcked really hard . 
  also there 's a system that connects every cash register in a huge ... well ... system ... and it has the map of bulgaria shown on the receipt , so you know it 's all legit and counted . 
  ( example - http://www.dennews.bg/uploads/dupnica/sinia%20zona/globa-skobi-sinia-zona-big.jpg ) the idea of a lottery is really genius !, 
  it 's probably correct , though ... bulgarian here - it 's easier to find waldo , than a redhead around here . 
  duuude , that `` 1600 '' ca n't be serious , right ? 
  that would be such an interesting topic for discussion in reddit ... you mean other kids , who are outside the family ? 
  or you mean kids - relatives ? 
  do n't know if it 's the same all over europe , but here you 're supposed to take care of your elders and it 's not looked with good eye if you send them to some home for elderly people . 
  i think in the near past it was almost like taboo . 
  somehow people manage to do their job and to take care of the elders ... 
  i guess this is because families are more ... closer in southern countries . 
  for example in other thread people from northern countries wondered how can man and women live with parents after having 18 , for them it was strange and almost impossible . 
  well , now of course we have more such homes for elderly people and more and more kids are sending their parents in such places , which they are actually pleasant , with doctors and what not ... 
  here we had such companies that made old people sign contracts for giving their homes after their death , it was for some money given every month , i think . 
  now it 's not that popular and i havent heard of it since a long time . 
  there probably are organizations who take care of elderly people for their home after death , but i 'm not familiar . 
  sorry , we could talk about that with hours . 
  what i meant was - here it 's the usual way - kids taking care of parents/elders , and it 's by default that they 're getting everything as inheritance , probably as everywhere else . 
  sometimes , indeed , old people find young people outside the family to take care of them for their home after death . 
  though in greece it was like ordinary job , not about home or anything , just about salary , which was just a small part of the pension , but for the bulgarian women working there was a huuuuge amount of money . 
  thanks  could be ... ... also their work included taking care of the old and sick people , so something like ... personal nurses . 
  come to bulgaria :p also - that awkward and ironic moment when greeks could come to bulgaria ... to find a work . 
  ( ironic - because many bulgarians work ( ed ) in greece , the pensions there were so high , they got salaries from the pensioners there , to take care of them . 
  forgot the word of the profession in english ) actually , seriously speaking - i 'm pretty sure there are job offers about people with perfect greek and english languages . 
  if someone comes and starts such a job here he would n't need much of an initial capital , also he could learn bulgarian ( for living ) very fast . 
  the salaries would be huge about such a job , depending but over 450 euros net salary , which here is pretty huge . 
  also there are greek people here and there , there are also greek businesses here . 
  so it 's not a joke , if someone wants to come and work here . 
  edit 2 - and there are other pluses like greece being very near so if someone comes he could travel home every two weeks even if he wants . 
  http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=bulgaria&amp;country2=greece&amp;city1=sofia&amp;city2=athens that 's an interesting link  the prices in greece are two times more expensive at best , while some things are relatively at the same price . 
  while pensions in greece were six ( ! ), 
  times bigger . 
  as i said , the economy ( and now ) is so weird . 
  if pensions feed unemployed families things went really wrong . 
  because pensioners does n't produce , they consume . 
  if pensions were low , but salaries were high and people were employed - that would be beneficial . 
  : / btw . 
  the irony is , with such high pensions greek old people had fed for decades bulgarians ( often also older women ) who worked and took care of them ... 
  dude , this economy is weird on so many levels . 
  also , as i 've said in other comment , do n't know why is someone complaining , 'cause for some time pensions in greece were around 900-1000 euros ( actually greeks could tell better , honestly , i 've not checked exact statistics . . but that was for some time before the hardest measures ) , while here we have at the moment average pensions with bonuses ( and we do n't have extras like 13th pension or something ) - around 150 euros . 
  it just does n't work that way .
