  you attack israel doing almost no harm . 
  they are way stronger than you . 
  and you still keep fucking with them , with no benefit at all , then they retaliate , destroying whole streets , killing way , way more of `` your '' people . 
  and in the end you 're like `` we stronk !, 
  we eliminate all the juice !, 
  uhm ... nope ? 
  they 're welcome . 
  * iceland * ireland * georgia, 
  weeeeell ... we 're pretty okay with it , to be honest . 
  the thing is , we were allies with the reich , but we were not involved in the active wars , so we did n't have casualties when we were with germany . 
  we had casualties when civilians were bombed by the allies and our pilots had some fights then , but we were pretty okay . 
  second - we had a monarch - pretty cool guy , basically bulgaria was functioning . 
  and !, 
  we were way more powerful and important than today ( because * cough-cough * we got some lands from greece and serbia , we occupied greece after the wehrmacht had invaded them [ map here ] ( http://istoria.bg/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/karta-bulgaria-vtora-svetovna-voina-333x200.jpg ) ) , so no one would dare to fuck with us at least at a local level . 
  we were pretty independent too - our monarch and the church decided to save the bulgarian jews and we did it because we wanted to . 
  not a single jew deported from bulgaria . 
  so yeah , that 's pretty independent - to go against hitler 's will , even when we 're allies . 
  then the communists came , `` liberating '' bulgaria , basically killing unknown amount of people , burring them in mass graves , stealing every single shit they could get , behaving like animals and so on . 
  mind you , when the germans passed through bulgaria before that they were behaving really great - helping to the people , just ... behaving greatly . 
  buying everything they need , building stuff ... then the communists made us send troops against germany and then we had victims of active battles in the war . 
  then there was a dictatorship that purged the intelligence , the officers of the army , the people who wanted to keep their private land and so on . 
  so i would say we 're pretty okay with our `` fascist '' history ( though we had `` monarchical '' history and not fascist '' ) . 
  [ barbarians ] ( http://i.pik.bg/news/529/660_4974ed879b07ad2890f51a42cd53c707.jpg ), 
  uhhhm ... good , i guess ? 
  we 're orthodox christians , i would say most of the people are not atheists , but ... 
  the church itself is a parody . 
  our head priests drive limousines most probably given from the mafia , they also have rolexes . 
  a lot of them are ex-communist agents of the secret police so they can betray the people who are believers . 
  a lot of the monks in the monasteries are making gay orgies and if someone wants to become a monk it 's most probably because he 's into these stuff . 
  it 's a bullshit system , basically . 
  the christianity itself is respected , though . 
  from a black shirt to no shirt at all ... 
  wow , that is interesting !, 
  thanks !, 
  here the phone scams are done just by gypsies . 
  bulgarians just would n't do something like that to the old people . 
  ah , actually bulgarians could be used for `` mules '' . 
  a gypsy contacts some taxi driver or a person - `` hey , i need you to get me a package from my grandma from this address and get it to me , i 'll pay you well . '' . 
  some of the mules do the work , some realise what it is about and call the police ... actually it 's interesting how the gypsies have an accent when talking but at the same time the old people are too afraid or just ... do n't think enough , and get scammed . 
  it 's kinda like how the indian says he 's called `` john anderson '' and he 's from microsoft from the sillicon valley . 
  there are some scams done by bulgarians but they are a bit different and very rare . 
  for example recently the tv news talked about such scam : advertisement for work from home where you can make good money . 
  you call to this number and they tell you that you need to send them ( for example ) 5 euros and they will call you . 
  people send them the money and they are not contacted again . 
  or even if they 're contacted , then they are asked to send like . . 20 euros for materials for this work from home . 
  it does n't seam like a lot but these scammers make like a month salary a day , so it 's really profitable . 
  we 're lucky to not have at least these fuckers , because of our `` exotic '' language . 
  the english speaking countries are flooded with them , though . 
  it seems they 're now trying to get on the german `` market '' ... 
  ah , yeah - when scammers come to your place . 
  we have that too . 
  since we have a lot of bloody stupid people , two or three gypsy woman come and say `` we 're magicians and you have black magic done on your house . 
  we gon na break that black magic but you have to gather all of your money , gold and so on here on the table . '' . 
  so the stupid people do it , the scammers put it in a towel or something and than change the towels with the same one full of newspaper pieces . 
  in the end - the stupid people are like `` omg they stole all of my money and gold '' . 
  no fucking kidding !, 
  there are also scammers - magicians ( on the tv or who place advertisements in the newspapers and online ) who `` break black magics '' for crazy amount of money from the idiotic bulgarian people . 
  how the hell can you give 5 thousand euros to some scammer because he tells you about magics ... jesus christ ... 
  hehe , it 's somehow interesting to see how the exactly same scam works abroad too . 
  i was wondering if you have it , but it 's indeed the exactly same . 
  also , i 'm curious - do you know who is doing it ? 
  does polish people do this scam ? 
  because here it 's done only by gypsies and actually not by all of them , but a specific clan . 
  it 's not done by the pickpocketers rich clan , but one of the `` poorer '' ones . 
  even it is known that they are from couple of specific places in bulgaria , not in every city . 
  but the police is doing nothing , the system itself is just fucked up . 
  the police is lazy and it 's probably corrupted to not touch them . 
  the other funny thing is , they get a lot of money , as you 've written , from these old people . 
  like 10 thousand euros , or 15 thousand and so on , which here it 's even more huge than in poland . 
  i 'm a young person and i do n't have even a thousand euros in me . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  this actually makes a lot of young people angry - the old stupid people have a lot of money they just do n't use - if you 're having them - 1 . have fun - go abroad , go to the seaside , trips and so on , like the german old people do . 
  stop fucking complaining `` omg omg i 'm poor , the pension is small , i ca n't buy food to eat '' while you have 20 thousand euros 2 . 
  give the money to your children - help them with something , the life is expensive here and even working people always lack money , but the stupid old people give the money to the gypsies , so the gypsies can have expensive cars , big houses and eat and drink all day long without moving a finger . 
  it 's just ... ridiculous . 
  it makes you angry . 
  and since you ask - there are many `` scenarious '' about these scams - it was popular with the bird and the pig flue - `` i 'm dr ivanov and your son needs a vaccine for 3 thousand euros . 
  give them now . '', 
  or - `` i 'm a surgeon and your son needs a golden nail in his knee because he needs an operation '' . 
  bullshit like that . 
  romania : people who had suffered fate similar to ours . 
  interestingly , we also have some similar customs . 
  i 'm also glad for them and their fast economical development since the ceausescu era . 
  serbia has some amazing and powerful traditional folk music , which is kinda typical for the balkans and the other southern people . 
  greece has well managed tourism and i 'm actually glad for them , that a lot of bulgarians prefer to go to the greek seaside and not to go to ours . 
  everybody is left with good impression from the clean beaches and water , the good prices and basically - not the thief-scam-mafia way of managing the tourism like it 's in bulgaria . 
  turkey is like a modern buffer between europe and the arab world . 
  i like that it has modern thinking people , that it 's not a conservative islamist state on our border , that people there are fighting and protesting for their rights of modernised society and they try not to fall into the pit of islamism and conservatism . 
  and macedonia is like our little daughter that just had hit puberty and says how she hates us and never wants to see us again , and how she wants to run away . 
  of course we love our daughter . 
  but seriously , not loving macedonia is like not loving ourselves . 
  yep , it 's a long topic . 
  thank you , friend . 
  the thing with corruption is that it 's now part of the mentality of some nations , way more that it 's in others , and that indeed can be explained with the 45 years of communism . 
  the mass practice then was to steal every mean possible from the country , or to do everything with connections , because you would be unable to do it the normal way . 
  for example ... if you work as a truck driver for a cement factory - you drive out with 15 tons of cement , but on the way you stop to your uncles new house under construction , and in the end you get to your destination with 13 tons . 
  you 're thinking - who cares , everybody steals from the country . 
  or ... if you 're working in the state wine factory . 
  you know that it 's impossible to find some wine in the shops , so you ... steal ... couple of bottles of wine , go to your friend in the tobacco factory and you exchange these bottles for couple of packs of cigarettes , that are hard to find , and that he stole from the factory . 
  in these times it 's just impossible to get some things .
