  sorry , bro , i think you 're getting bulgaria too . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  i think it 's awesome for you to have the unique choice of two scripts  also - it 's a nice photo , that says a lot . 
  just like our country - full of paradoxes . 
  yep , i 'm doing it . 
  it 's usual . 
  some men are even shaving their legs . 
  for me that 's weird and would n't do it . 
  hehe , for us it 's sooo weird and interesting seeing latin and cyrillic at the same time ...  i think i 've heard that it 's also on geographical principle , that in some places more people use the one , in other places - the other ? 
  and i guess the people prefer to write in one script and usually use just one ? 
  not like ... change it all the time ? 
  ( except - as you that said on the pc it 's easier in latin ) sorry , i 'm a linguist and it 's kinda interesting for me ... , 
  actually i do n't think we catch often ( or any ? ), 
  illegal aliens at our coasts , most of them enter through turkey with the help of traffickers . 
  you want angry germans ... because that 's how ... actually - you do n't want angry germans :d, 
  that 's probably because we 're from ( you 're in the middle , but ... ) eastern europe . 
  dangerous cities in the rest of europe are like walk in the park for us . 
  thank you !, 
  very interesting and curious thing ... 
  wait , where 's the damn border control ? 
  or that 's some kind of top secret smugglers road ? 
  i 'm confused now :d also - laughed when i saw it . 
  and laughed when i saw on the street view how the romanian one lane goes into the bushes . 
  i see , thanks for the good answer . 
  btw . 
  it 's funny but ( our tv stations bought many turkish soap operas ) there 's a tv show about turkish police - arka sokaklar , it 's kind of funny and naive though , i 've seen couple of minutes of it . 
  after reading your words i think it could be some attempt of making a better image of the police ... because i 've seen a lot of footage of the protests ( recent and older ones ) and the police brutality ... 
  `` they 're probably organized crime ... '' well , if you 're interested i can find you many articles ( but in bulgarian ) on the matter ... 
  how 's the police and the control of the streets in turkey , can you find such drug addicts in the better streets of the cities ? 
  that 's a really interesting question . 
  most of the people feel sympathy when they see homeless men , but that 's normal and natural . 
  but !, 
  there were some investigations showing that these homeless men are part of some kind of organized crime , the money they get are given to other people , basically they work for someone . 
  there are many fake homeless men , gypsy fake beggers with fake deceases and stuff ... 
  some people estimated that these homeless men get more money like that , than if they would chose to work . 
  not that they would chose to work anyway . 
  i 've had cases when someone is begging for money and i said - i 'm gon na give you food , do you want that food , and they - nooo , i want money . 
  so fck that . 
  meanwhile many people here do n't give them money because are skeptic about these homeless , and because many people do n't know if they 'll have enough money to buy themselves food , even if working ... 
  it 's a really interesting question and a very long story ... 
  very , very stronk !, 
  edit - and slow :d edit2 - that small line you can see in bulgaria - sofia - varna , with train it 's for 7:30 fckin hours !, 
  imagine ... :(, 
  i 've checked the numbers and it seems we have 50 of them and in romania you have 120 . 
  as we started talking about trains and i travel mostly with them , because do n't have a car , can say a bit more ... 
  they seems to be produced and used for the short distances in germany where they could travel fast and comfortable . 
  here they travel slower and it 's a pain in the ass to sit on their seats for more than an hour . 
  we have ( as i said ) diesel and electric ones , also bigger and smaller models ... at first they were great new trains , something nice for our railways , because our trains were always very old and bought from germany ( train carriages , and we have locomotives from czechoslovakia and romania ( and probably other places ) ) or the oooold , old shitty electric ones from russia , you know them , we call them `` elektrichka '' , the ministry want 's to finally remove them . 
  so these were something new and great in 2005-6 . 
  and then the troubles started - as our staff have n't been used to exploiting such machinery or there was a lack of mmm ... accessories , i do n't know ... sometimes in the summer the climatronics did n't work . 
  you can imagine that train without a possibility to open the windows ( because it was made with the presumption that the climatronic would always work and get a nice temperature no matter the weather ) when outside is 35-40 degrees , inside was like fucking microwave . 
  there were cases of people passed out of the heat , it was just craziness . 
  not to mention the toilets - because some of the trains were used to transport villagers or people who 're not used to any technology - the toilets were very often broken too , or dirty as fck . 
  then they decided to ... lock them so they ca n't be used . 
  ( which reminds me the locked toilets at the international buses of our bus companies but it 's another topic . ), 
  next thing - in some cities , when the train passes a gypsy ghetto the monkeys throw stones and break the very expensive windows . 
  so you can see very often these trains with broken windows , often taped with some kind of tape . 
  it 's ... like fckin parody . 
  also - here also often retards try to pass infront of the train , even when seeing the train is coming . 
  and because of these retards the smaller trains get damages worth of millions . 
  if it 's the bigger train with the carriages and locomotive - no problem , but that one is way more fragile . 
  so we got these machines and fucked them up . 
  they were expensive ( do n't know if relatively expensive for a train , but probably ) and i guess it would be cheaper to buy from you , because of the reasons i told before  just if our ministers and politicians were n't retards who are probably getting huuuuuge commission for these sells ... 
  nice train , bro !, 
  it would be a great idea if our ministry of transport buys a couple , because i guess it would be cheaper to buy , to bring them here , and also if needed - to repair them or to get specialists here for checks . 
  edit . 
  - now we have diesel and electric siemenses that are also nice , buuut there are problems - some things already do n't work ( because of stupid exploitation here ) , some retards ( probably from the ghettos ) breaking the expensive windows , stuff like that ... 
  yep . 
  at first you 're neutral , then you get green men knocking at your door , liberating your territories and shit ... 
  i think op 's just messing with you :d, 
  `` hit '' ? 
  naah , a mother can slap her child on the ass as much as she wants , if it 's with educational purposes of course . 
  to `` beat '' is other thing , though . 
  bratislava is more expensive than prague ... daaamn ... 
  interesting , did n't know . 
  i think you 're right , we should send him as the lead singer just to fck with eurovision . 
  i would like to see the world 's reaction to this so fckin much : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9sqzltsfp8 ( nsfw ) btw - we had a very nice song on the last juniour eurovision :p, 
  niiiiiiiiiice, 
  you think a gipsy bisexual/gay/something transvestite would have a good chance of winning ? 
  we should send azis then . 
  ( but if that somehow happens the people would probably burn the national television to the ground hanging the jury that send him in front of the ashes . ), 
  i guess i 'm missing the joke here ? 
  the mountain ( \u0421\u0442\u0430\u0440\u0430 \u043f\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0438\u043d\u0430 , stara planina , `` old mountain '' ) that is also known as `` the balkan '' goes right in the middle of bulgaria , separating it to north and south bulgaria . 
  oh , yes , dear friend , i 'm familiar with this populist shit  for example that retarded-funny-nationalistic-british-populist-guy who said stuff like - `` 10 million bulgarians will come as fast as they can in the new year '' ... ( out of ~ 7 million bulgarian citizens ) . 
  so , such people are pretty stupid , or more probably - they 're just populists using the votes of stupid people . 
  but ... there 's a big but ( no pun intended :d ) ... 
  the migrants are not the same , and i 'm saying this from the point of view of someone , who 's people have diasporas everywhere in the world . 
  for example - if someone says that bulgarians will come and steal , it 's mostly wrong . 
  if someone says that bulgarians come and pick strawberries - well , unfortunately it 's true . 
  there are also a lot of well educated bulgarians working in the uk and it 's great . 
  do n't `` hate '' the people who left the country , i would n't mind doing it too . 
  also - if someone says that bulgarians ca n't learn english , i would disagree . 
  but ... 
  if someone says that bulgarian gypsies will come and steal - it 's mostly true , because it 's a fact , that millions come from pick-pocketing in the uk , sweden , or germany and so on ... 
  i would n't say that this claim is racist , because it 's true . 
  i 'm pretty sure bulgarians are easily able to integrate , since learning the language ai n't such of a problem . 
  do n't know if we 're violent , but it 's mostly about the individual hahahaha . 
  `` recently '' one british mma fighter made huge mess on the seaside , so that is n't such a `` objective '' stereotype . 
  do n't know if the polish guys are violent too , but i think we 're probably more ... violent ... than some chill canadian/scandinavian dudes . 
  aah , sorry , the comment turned into a novel .
