  we do n't have any monarchistic groups . 
  we have good feelings towards our last ruling tzar ( king ) - boris iii , because he was a great diplomat in the hardest of times - the second world war . 
  actually his son simeon came and was elected prime minister from 2001 to 2005 , but did really shitty work as a ruler , his parliament did very bad work . 
  there 's another unpleasant thing - when he did interviews prior to his election he was asked : `` do you plan getting back some of the lands , forests , buildings and so on ... ? '', 
  and he said `` whaaat ? 
  how can you say that ? 
  taking from the bulgarian people ? 
  no way ! '', 
  buut ... he just came and took everything he can . 
  so yeah , i would not want to see him as a king . 
  me personally , i would n't mind being a monarchy , with a great diplomat and leader as ruler . 
  after all - our politicians at the moment are one of the worst in the world ( excluding dictators and the countries without free speech ) . 
  democracy would work too , if we had at least some real politicians , who are not there to steal . 
  it 's even more awesome when we share some of the same customs . 
  for example - check google for `` m\u0103r\u021bi\u0219or '' and '' \u041c\u0430\u0440\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0430 '' . 
  i think it should exist . 
  every person has his rights about his life . 
  either way , if a person decides he can always commit suicide . 
  the assisted death would even give him more time for thinking about the decision . 
  people would think that you 're retarded . 
  i 've heard of him before , i think there 's a statue that 's in many jokes and caricatures , but i do n't have any opinions . 
  i 'm not romanian , but as far as i know there 's no need for any donations and there are n't any methods . 
  it 's just about the people who are rightfully pissed off . 
  if you feel the moral desire to do it - you can probably do it in america - for some organisation for clear politics , free speech or something similar . 
  the newest one is just from july 1991 , created after the communist dictatorship . 
  the first bulgarian constitution is from 1879 , though . 
  when bulgaria was created we did n't have time for constitutions , because we kinda drank from the skulls of our enemies and shit . 
  i do n't care about superbowl . 
  well , you can consider the gypsy ghettos a `` no go zone '' . 
  i mean , a bulgarian can , on theory , go there , but there 's nothing to do there and nobody goes . 
  i would n't recommend it for a foreigner to go there because he would probably be robbed . 
  sometimes the police does n't bother to go in these places and sometimes the doctors with the ambulance get beaten . 
  but it 's not thaaaat scary , as it sounds . 
  hah , at first i thought you meant poor . 
  here we use mostly cash . 
  it 's way more rare for someone to use a card . 
  people prefer to get money from the atm and play for whatever they need to . 
  it really depends and basically the diaspora covers the whole spectrum . 
  a lot of the bulgarians that go abroad are educated and work all kinds of specialised jobs - doctors and what not , which is cool . 
  there are also students that go on brigades in the uk and the usa , basically for cheap labour - picking strawberries . 
  for me it 's kinda ... sad ... because they are on theory the smartest people of thecountry and yet they 're picking strawberries for way more money they can get working in the summer here . 
  it 's also funny , because after brexit and all the stuff trump is doing , i ca n't imagine the englishmen themselves picking their strawberries , but we 'll wait and see . 
  there are also some poorly educated bulgarians , that work manual labour abroad . 
  aaand in the end we have the gypsies from bulgaria . 
  they bring in literally millions of cash from the uk , germany and so on . 
  also - tons of stolen smartphones . 
  and social benefits . 
  now in this case it 's pissing me off that the foreigners pretend not to know the difference between a bulgarian and a gypsy . 
  but it 's a long story . 
  it 's a long story ... here it 's like a father-son thing . 
  most of the politicians are ex-members of the communist party , that was dictatorial before the democracy . 
  even the `` right '' politicians are ex-members or ex-agents of the secret communist police . 
  there are also political parties `` projects '' that are sponsored by russia , or others - sponsored most probably by the mafia . 
  basically - the honest people do n't work in the politics or they 're just not allowed to get into them . 
  do n't know how many people vote in portugal , but here people just do n't even bother to vote , and many political parties buy voters from the gypsy ghettos . 
  literally less than 50 percent of the people who have the right to vote do it . 
  it 's a long story though . 
  stable ... how ? 
  all the politicians are complete shit and if somehow a meteor strikes all of them , the rest of bulgaria will die of alcohol poisoning and mass multiple orgasm , celebrating the best thing that happened to us in all the bloody history . 
  but you can also consider the political situation stable , because we 'll have elections soon and more or less the same fuckers will go to the parliament . 
  nope . 
  it 's not legal . 
  you ca n't fuck with symbols of the state . 
  i think it 's up to three years in jail . 
  me , personally , would hate to see such think and i think a person would deserve some jail time , just to learn how to be polite . 
  in bulgarian the informal is \u0442\u0438 ( ti ( ti in tick ) ) and the formal is \u0432\u0438 ( vi ( vi in vision ) ) . 
  if your in a shop the shopkeeper should use the formal , while talking with the client . 
  i 've seen cases when some of the younger shopkeepers use the informal and it 's ... not unpleasant or making me angry , but strange and a bit awkward . 
  i mean - i do n't know you , i talk to you with `` vi '' , so that 's the normal way it is . 
  well , if you know the ... for example - the waitress in the restaurant for a long time and know her outside her work - yeah , you could switch and it 's not a problem . 
  but !, 
  it 's indeed very funny for me when i see how in some cultures kids talk very officially to their parents . 
  if here a kid says the formal address to his parents they would think the kid is going crazy . 
  also i 've seen british movies , where the kids say `` sir '' to their father ( i suppose happened decades ago ) . 
  it 's awkward to watch ... 
  first the americans came to say : europe is fucked , and i did n't speak out , because i do n't think europe is that fucked . 
  then the americans came to say : america is fucked , and i did n't speak out , because i do n't think america is that fucked . 
  then they gon na come for me and and i will have to say : `` maaan , stop pooping on this cool subreddit with american politics . '', 
  oh , yes , it would be great !, 
  though , as far as i remember , our dickhead politicians refused to give money for participation in esa . 
  i 'm not `` scared '' so to speak . 
  i 'm more of pissed off . 
  i do n't have anything against the ordinary people in russia , but i fucking hate all the russian propaganda shitting all over our internet . 
  russian propaga on the medias , russia buying political parties and politicians for spreading even more propaganda . 
  i 'm not `` scared '' but i would like it better if russia does n't mess in our stuff . 
  it 's not 1950 , but the slogans the propaganda puts everywhere are as retarded as the slogans then . 
  i do n't really care . 
  but when you * try * to think about it , i suppose a visit and talks should happen . 
  after all , the european countries should talk with him what 's going to happen . 
  trades , nato , ( in our case ) visas and so on ... 
  we 're poor , drink strong alcohol , have a seaside and a really great cuisine . 
  corruption , shady businessmen , we hate our politicians . 
  well , yeah . 
  we 're all europeans after all . 
  i do feel connected to the other european countries and i love europe as a combination of history , culture , values and everything else . 
  i also feel even more connected because of some things and factors to the other balkan nations - we have the specific balkan mentality and culture , and i do feel connected about other things to the ex-communist countries - because of the mutual suffering and problems we 've had and the hardships we 're all going through even today . 
  europe is like a huge , amazing and great brotherhood . 
  * in varietate concordia . 
  i do n't think it 's possible . 
  probably only on some gas stations on the route of the transport trucks and the international busses .
