  good resolution , mate !, 
  thanks !, 
  wtf :d i 've never heard of that party and i thought i 'm familiar with our politics . 
  we have one retard that built his political career ( which is already coming to its end very fast ) on that . 
  just the usual populism . 
  i saw '' \u0410\u0420\u041c\u0418\u042f \u0420\u041e\u0421\u0421\u0418\u0418 '' written on one shirt . 
  nope , no russian army . 
  honest word !, 
  ask putin , he 'll tell you !, 
  no one said that . 
  we 're talking about `` far-left '' here . 
  it 's the same difference as some nationalistic feel of pride and the jingoism . 
  i agree that everything needs far less mediators ( sorry if it 's the wrong word ) . 
  also - these co-operatives ... in bulgaria we have a wise saying that would be translated freely as `` do n't ask the old men , but ask these who suffered ... '' . 
  here these co-operatives did n't bring anything good . 
  it was a fucked up system , that was even more broken . 
  as you can see by the economical standards . 
  you should be happy you did n't have anything like that in ireland . 
  my friend , `` socialist economy through the democratic process '' is canada . 
  these guys have never seen communist bullshit . 
  and canada is nothing but awesome . 
  i wish we were like canada . 
  just an example . 
  even the uk with the free healthcare is like a dream for the fucked up countries by the communism . 
  `` socialist economy through the democratic process '' has nothing in common with the soviet states , or the countries that had `` the socialism '' or the so called communism . 
  also - the irony of gathering the europe 's far-right nationalistic parties :d, 
  yes , i understand you completely ... 
  these people ca n't even imagine what happened here . 
  that just if some neighbor had something little against you he could have written anonymous letter to the communist party saying `` he says jokes about the communist party and the communists ! '', 
  and they would put you in prison . 
  really fucked up times :(, 
  you do know how strange this sounds , do n't you ? 
  the communists did terrorist acts in bulgaria ? 
  they bombed places and killed people ? 
  an army invaded your country , changed the political regime and basically occupied your country in the name of the communism , sending many people to concentration camps , making people dissapear , killing huge ( and unknown ) amount of teachers , officers , doctors , people doing their own business , just because they had some business , they stole everything from the people - animals , land and homes , and if anyone did n't want to give his two cows to the communists he could have been beaten to death or just disappear because he was considered `` the enemy '' of that communism , and because he wanted to keep his small land in the village to take care of it ... than brainwashed everybody for several decades with that `` communism '' , bringing your country back compared to every other normal country ... noo ... it 's okay , it 's not the communism as ideology , it 's just some guys . '', 
  oookay ? 
  so we should allow `` far-right '' , also religious extremism , freaky religious cults doing sacrifices and basically everything ? 
  because here we had terrorist acts made by `` far-left '' . 
  that 's why . 
  well , since here we 've lost many people ( unknown number killed without a reason in mass graves , in concentration camps , basically a huge percent of the intelligentsia ) only because of the communists , yet here the nazi symbols are banned , which is understandable , i think it would be a great idea to ban communist organizations , propaganda and symbols here too . 
  and i 'm not talking about ... `` socialistic '' or `` left '' politics , i 'm talking about far-left and communist propaganda and symbols . 
  because you can still see idiots with soviet flags and shit . 
  it 's kind of like ... people in israel to wave the nazi flag . 
  never tried this brand of beer , but with only looking how it 's pouring into the glass i want to try it . 
  this video is cringy for everyone who loves beer , not only the belgians :d, 
  one does simply ... take the bus to mordor . 
  if anybody 's wondering what are we looking here - that 's probably the only nice picture of residential neighborhood in sofia , in existence . 
  so that 's why it 's so unique :d and i 'm almost not kidding . 
  '' - what is your talent ? 
  - well , i would need a volunteer for this one ... '' now seriously - at least he was in prison for this . 
  it 's sad and stupid that here many people ( for example killing other people while driving drunk ) are not even put in prison ... : /, 
  there 's no other subreddit that can make me laugh out loud so often as '' / r/europe '' :d, 
  to be honest , as your neighbor i 'm glad that many people ( most of the people ? ), 
  in turkey are way more liberal and ... how to say it ... open to the world , basically westernized country , and not religion conservatives . 
  again , to be honest , i would n't like it if we were next to some far conservative religious country , because that would bring only trouble with influence and extremism ... 
  i think you know what i mean  so congratulations ... and hope your country will stay on that path , but i think that the young people would never let turkey be changed into something like saudi arabia or iran ... 
  know how you feel , bro : /, 
  we gon na have `` funny '' balkans again ? 
  should i grab the popcorn ? 
  i 'm not talking about the communist countries , i 'm talking about the civilization . 
  but if for you the greatest achievement of the civilization is north korea - you 're free to go . 
  `` country - toilet '' . 
  good luck saying that in belarus in the present , or in bulgaria in the past . 
  you would disappear before you know what happened . 
  it 's pity that some idiots do n't appreciate what they have . 
  no , seriously , i wish you to go and live in belarus or north korea . 
  because you wanted . 
  oh is it so ? 
  really ? 
  if it 's indeed like that , you know what 's the main difference with before ? 
  now you 're free to go to russia , china , or the paradise on earth - north korea . 
  before that , if you wanted change ... you would be shot like an animal on the border . 
  http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/scandanaviaandtheworld/images/4/46/wikia-_iceland.png/revision/latest?cb=20110823005252 the first thing that comes to mind . 
  also : https://guidetoiceland.is/image/10555/x/0/islandia--maa-ice-queen.-3.jpg iceland , you sexy !, 
  am i dreaming ?!, 
  some mistake in the matrix ?!, 
  really strong video !, 
  fortunately in bulgaria we did n't have `` green men '' 25 years ago ... 
  it was a peaceful revolution and it 's for the best . 
  though if we had all the responsible for the concentration camps and disappeared people hanged , it would be better ... it would teach the other politicians some lessons ... for example some idiotic politician when saw people protesting said `` let the tanks come ! '' . 
  that 's just ... stupid . 
  it 's in the past now . 
  now we can speak freely . 
  ... the magic words for summoning americans :d :d :d oh , i 'm laughing ... 
  ... also it 's too risky to enter some parts of some cities ... 'cause with all that iron ... tanks will be disappearing and shit, 
  hahaha til we have deserts in europe !, 
  thank you , really great answer !, 
  of course europe is absolutely unique and beautiful too !, 
   i 'm from a country where we say that we have everything , without volcano  sea , mountains , ( still ) beautiful landscapes ...  europe is absolutely charming too ...  ), 
  \u0422\u0430\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0448 , we should start making moskvich again !, 
  to meet the bright communist future !, 
  every man - moskvich !, 
  every communist - two !, 
  edit - we should not even think about dirty capitalist pig mercedes or bmw !, 
  this dirty capitalist pig luxury ... no !, 
  well . . depends . 
  if i have a nice job waiting for me , and if i live in some beautiful city ... why not . 
  i would . 
  as already someone said - the nature is beautiful !, 
  it 's so ... amazing , that one country has deserts and mountains , and canyons , and ... for example the difference between texas or arizona and alaska .
