  i agree . 
  nothing to win and everything to lose . 
  also no nato country will attack russia . 
  yeah , right . 
  the infantry will ride sport cars to get to the uk in 48 hours . 
  stalin : `` you do n't exist ! '', 
  one is more equal than the other . 
  just kidding :d, 
  oh , we have so stupid video commercials with kids , that in the end you would wish to strangle the little fcker with bare hands . 
  this , this , this !, 
  i fcking hate this fckin commercial !, 
  i 'm sure there 's a place in hell for the creators : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uanvpc6j8u8, 
  uhm ... how there are no jobs in the `` west '' , when the percentage of unemployed is couple of times lower , than the percentage in the `` east '' ? 
  it did , seriously . 
  i 'm also not talking about the `` blood tax '' system . 
  it was something like - they enter the village and : `` you gon na become muslim ! '', 
  most of the people said - `` screw you , guys ! '', 
  and were tortured and killed . 
  it 's , as i said , basically the isis methods . 
  in the present there still exist few villages of bulgarian muslims ( pomacs ) who were the ones who more or less chose the other way - to become muslim . 
  also , there are regions of bulgaria with bigger than average `` turkish '' population , and it 's considered they are `` turkified '' by force bulgarians hundreds of years ago . 
  i want to clarify , that there is no tension in such areas and we , somehow , are example of not dividing . 
  just the topic is painful . 
  it was a slavery , that even the blacks in america did n't have . 
  i 'm sure the comments will turn out of control . 
  not sure if the couple of turkish guys here are serious when saying some stuff , but this is really painful topic for some of the countries in europe , especially on the balkans . 
  when bulgaria was occupied many villages and people were killed and completely destroyed , because the people refused to become muslim . 
  something like the bullshit that isis is doing today - killing without any mercy . 
  during the centuries of slavery a lot of the children from our countries were taken by force - `` blood taxation '' of the population . 
  you can see blond turks even today , most probably from ancestors from the slavic countries . 
  it 's still ... a painful topic . 
  so , yeah , we 're still taking these topics seriously . 
  good job by the police . 
  hope this idiot did n't hurt any people . 
  also , what if i 'm conservative pastafarian and i want to go naked on work ? 
  should i expect policemen with ... two ... batons ? 
  it smells like bullshit article to me . 
  ahahaha check it on google images . 
  so , what do you think about getting by accident in the middle of it . 
  aaahaa ... well , if you look at it like that ... 
  uuuuhm ... do n't know about the neighbourhoods in london , and if there are some dangerous places , but i 'm pretty sure i would n't wish to some foreigner to get by accident in some parts of sofia / plovdiv / varna , that are ... ghettos ... ( `` stolipinovo '' , `` fakulteta '' , `` maksuda '' ) where such a foreigner could be beaten , robbed , or raped if it 's a woman . 
  especially when there 's a language barrier and when the police is often afraid to enter these parts . 
  so ... yeah ... 
  i would n't be angry or consider someone `` racist '' if some country decides to give such information about bulgaria . 
  i 'm glad these fckers did n't destroy one of the symbols of paris and did n't kill people . 
  nah , do n't listen to him . 
  not sure if he 's even serious . 
  not sure if you 're serious or just trolling . 
  do you know what would happen if a soldier does n't obey his command / or if his command does n't obey the communist party ? 
  do you ? 
  this soldier would just disappear , probably his family too . 
  if he somehow has any distant relatives - they would not be able to go to the university , travel or have any normal rights at all . 
  communist puppet bulgaria was nothing like present bulgaria , and nothing like a normal country . 
  when you have to kill people to keep them from running away from your country then you have some problems . 
  and when people still try to run away ... yeah , you really do . 
  it 's one of the stupidest things in out history that our puppet `` politicians '' did , mate . 
  `` churching intensifies '', 
  weeeell ... in my opinion - we can take all the germans , british , french , japanese , scandinavians , hungarians , slavs , romanians , greeks and so on and i would be kind of glad to be a `` diversity '' as fck country , but honestly i would n't shed a tear if we send all of our couple of hundred thousand gypsies to ... wherever they wan na go ... to get integrated . 
  the third of the uk that likes it are indians , polish and bulgarians . 
  just kidding :d, 
  here , unfortunately , the police does n't do shit . 
  we do n't even trust the police as an institution , because they are a stereotype for taking bribes , being fat and useless , just sitting in their cars sleeping all day long . 
  that 's why these kind of crimes are never resolved or you can see gypsies with literally tens of criminal ofenses ... being free . 
  do n't know how it happens . 
  it 's crazy . 
  and unfortunately there are no young bulgarians in these villages and the old people are slowly disappearing . 
  :( so there 's no one to do anything . 
  well , in bulgaria such things happen , done by the gypsies , that it 's a shame that our gypsies , who do these stuff are not dealt with the same way . 
  i 'm talking about raping of old people , beating to death , killings of old people in the villages , just so the gypsies could steal the shitty amount of their pensions . 
  i 'm not exaggerating , it happens . 
  and the police does n't even care . 
  aaah , just like the `` good old days '', 
  oh , god , this is making me sad even when i think about it . 
  just out of curiosity i 've seen a couple of all the bulgarians . 
  all the mass graves ... even here , all the murders of all the unknown people . 
  may god give peace to the souls of the killed !, 
  not sure if i should feel `` we told you so ! '', 
  or sad for western europe . 
  oh , well ... it 's your problem . 
  yep , i know about clothing factories here that produce expensive brand products . 
  i would n't say they are `` sweatshops '' , but they are not a perfect workplace either . 
  as far as i know the workers work overtime , it 's probably not paid as it should be , because here - it 's almost never done . 
  they get ridiculous salaries by the european standards ( kinda okay by our ) ... but work indeed too much . 
  it 's worse with the smaller clothing factories , 'cause sometimes they are literally locked inside , like slaves , the laws are not considered , workers are screwed over , sometimes they do n't get their salaries . 
  yes - they work this month and at the end they do n't get a salary . 
  i do n't know how it could happen either . 
  it 's `` expected '' , though . 
  if we talk about the murders in the favelas - they are between gangsters and criminals , so it 's `` normal '' so to speak , yet it 's still sad . 
  some fuckers killing innocent civilians and tourists in france - it 's shocking and unnatural . 
  * triggered *, 
  so ... it 's better if you pay them taxes ? 
  could be even better :d some of the islamists are like the immortal abu hajaar ( rip you glorious goatfucker ) :d, 
  triads vs islamists i would watch that . 
  * grabs the popcorn *, 
  but this is fun :d it 's a parody :d one of the islamists brought even his wife !, 
  no , probably he means belarus , kazakhstan and other `` stans '' . 
  by the way , there was an `` action '' by some anonymous guys ... 
  this is a monument of the soviet ( practically ) occupants of bulgaria , that still sits in sofia . 
  the `` action '' was done for 45 years of the prague spring . 
  one of the most stupid things in history our politicians did :(,
