  but as i know my country , the institutions , the politicians and so on ... 
  if the military spending is , let 's say - 15 millions , then 10 millions are stolen somewhere on the chain . 
  and the rest 5 millions are used for something made in china . 
  but still - it 's not flexible . 
  almost everywhere you ca n't go and come whenever you want . 
  really depends . 
  for bulgaria it 's really different , depending what you work . 
  people in the state administration , like ... city halls , other institutions ... they can watch the ceiling all day long , doing nothing . 
  or browsing something on the web . 
  some of them can just go out whenever they want , for a coffee , cigarette ... no matter they are not on their work place . 
  they can get home earlier , go to work a bit late , they do n't care . 
  but if someone works in some privately owned factory or business - if you 're late 5 minutes they will get mad . 
  you 'll work like an animal . 
  so , whoever has connections and starts working at some position in the administration , he could do absolutely , literally nothing whole day . 
  but whoever starts working at some private business - he will get seriously fcked up . 
  it also depends on the boss , of course . 
  there are some great guys , there are some pure freaks who ca n't keep an employee for a month . 
  i 've seen the both cases . 
  help should be always welcome , of course  the eastern block has ... 50 years of ... memories ... we need some time to forget . 
  you 're lucky you 're far away . 
  some of our orthodox priests said something like `` zomg yoga is devil worship you guys , seriously , it 's paganism and shit '' . 
  but no one actually cares , because these same priests drive limousines , have rolex watches and go to prostitutes or make gay orgies . 
  in resume - we are target of massive propaganda done by russia or pro-russian ( hired ) political party in bulgaria . 
  every day you can see the same bullshit , same words , same comments , same propaganda spread everywhere on the bulgarian internet . 
  the question was , if the propaganda terminology ( words and `` names '' ) are the same in all of europe , or it 's different specific propaganda in the different countries . 
  or even to understand if the propaganda is spread across just a few countries from the ex-communist block . 
  i 've also witnessed a lot of copy-pasted comments , different websites , different news . 
  most of the time - having nothing in common with the news . 
  for example ... 
  article about the ... price of the fish in spain ( metaphorically speaking ) . 
  and under it - copy pasted comment about `` it was so great under the communism , we had everything , we were rich , it was so great ! '', 
  and all that in 10 points , like a `` presentation '' . 
  here it was investigated in the past - political parties buying trolls for propaganda on the internet . 
  nothing was done about it . 
  right now one `` nationalistic '' political party is bought by russia , so i guess they organise the things at local level . 
  the leader was ordinary journalist , in the past speaking against russia . 
  this guy ... made a party ( nationalistic with kinda far right symbols ) . 
  and then ... turned into the biggest communist and supporter of russia and putin . 
  like ... suddenly . 
  meanwhile this journalist ... made a whole television ( that is basically for propaganda porpoises of his party and pro-russian shit ) , and made a newspaper . 
  also expensive orgies in paris and brussels and this retard is full of scandals but it 's a long topic . 
  guess he won the money from lottery or something :d also , the irony , when these commentators talk about `` flooding bulgaria ( guess the same implies for poland ) with immigrants '' , is that we even ca n't make the immigrants stay here , even if we wanted to . 
  we catch them at the border with romania , trying to `` escape '' from bulgaria , we get them back here , and ... the second time they get through . 
  from every single news website i 've seen , also from a ton of propaganda facebook groups . 
  if you 've never seen bulgarian news websites , i 'm actually glad for you . 
  could be . 
  i imagine trolls writing in the danish media `` our russian brothers !, 
  we will defeat the americans ! '', 
  and similar crap . 
  people would be like wtf ? 
  also - they use some communist `` nostalgia '' for the past , even if this past includes concentration camps , dictatorship and country that was basically a prison . 
  this also could n't work with the medias in denmark , 
  it 's funny when europeans use it . 
  or may be they consider they 've fallen down from mars :d, 
  so , let 's see about the terminology : geyrope - because all people in europe are gays , obviously . 
  us ( and the writers - included ) eurogays - the same reason . 
  sorosoids - it 's implied that everyone outside of russia or the few englightened works for this guy soros . 
  the news article authors too . 
  there was a brief period about the harp and how the usa world dominates every single country with this secret super weapon and if you fart at the dinner table it 's this harp 's fault . 
  of course it 's full of 1950s and 60s bullshit like `` russian brothers !, 
  long live russia !, 
  long live putin !!!, 
  we are slavic brothers !, 
  we will destroy the anglo-saxons ! '', 
  ah , yeah , also the rhetoric about how even if everyone moves to work in the west ( and not the `` dear mother russia ) he cleans toilets . 
  the newest fashion is to call the americans `` cow shepherds '' ( because `` cowboy '' , but it has derogatory meaning in bulgarian ) . 
  if you write by hand - you write in cursive . 
  it would be weird to write in ... forgot the name of the letters that are written on machine or typewriter . 
  it 's another thing , that i almost do n't write by hand anymore . 
  i imagine the sex equivalent of ... `` britos '' , `` balkansko '' and so on should be a drunk prostitute in stolipinovo . 
  bulgarbro , try `` stolichno '' . 
  especially the dark bock . 
  the best bulgarian beers are `` stolichno '' . 
  most popular ... 
  nope . 
  some of the younger and more illiterate teens use the latin alphabet to write on the internet in bulgarian , and that looks really , really ugly . 
  not that the latin alphabet itself is ugly , it 's as cool as every other alphabet , just to see bulgarian words written like that is ... cringy . 
  it 's hard for me to explain to you , but it is . 
  actually , i 've checked some estonian texts . 
  now , imagine the text written only with the letters of the english alphabet . 
  would it look ... ugly and strange to you ? 
  the same way , retarded , looks when you write in english , but in cyrillic . 
  there 's the other thing - that there are not enough letters for all of our sounds . 
  there 's no such equivalent . 
  the cheap and fast internet . 
  80 megabits per second for 6 euros a month . 
  our politicians say it too - because the smugglers get literally thousands of euros from person ... we even had cases of bribed policemen and border guards . 
  it 's made in bulgaria , for us ... and then it spreads . 
  edit . 
  obviously we do n't expect foreigners to know its history , but we joke that we 're pissed about it , 
  yep ... serbian is way different than ours , it has cases , some words are completely different , some are the opposite , grammar is not the same ... 
  it 's stupid if someone says he speaks serbian , if he has never learnt it . 
  we could understand each other at least from the context , but that is not speaking the other language . 
  thank you , friend !, 
  it sounds great , indeed , the free healthcare . 
  i 've watched a documentary about the nhs ( and not only ) by this guy moore , and it was awesome how you even get a refund if you 've arrived by a cab . 
  ( i said i 'm not familiar , meaning i do n't follow if the system has any problems at the moment , and i have n't talked with british guys about the pluses and minuses of it ) but i can also see you have some problems with it , which is unfortunate , because the idea itself is great and it 's one of the wonders of the uk . 
  hope the system is not exploited in any way . 
  actually , we 've had a free healthcare during the communism , but it was with really bad materials and machinery , it was way behind in comparison with the west , so it was free but inefficient and bad . 
  the good materials , medicines and stuff was kept in secret for the politicians and the `` more equal '' people .
