  they pay part of the money made to the bosses - organizers and still make a lot of money . 
  swedish people , stop giving these scammers money !, 
  ask other bulgarians if you do n't believe me !, 
  edit - i 've found the bulgarian documentary ( now with english subtitles ) , made by one of the national ( ! ), 
  tvs , about the organizing , the mafia behind it , about everything . 
  you can see it . 
  i recommend it . 
  part one - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w28afnuedpm part two - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqmk1kjlccy, 
  we had one ... but we had lost it somewhere in all the bureaucracy . 
  no worries , our mighty navy is permanently present :d, 
  what a world we live in :d, 
  a completely serious question - what stops me of taking a swedish citizenship , apply for social welfare , get social welfare ... while living in bulgaria ? 
  thinking about it - i 've heard many gypsies make this thing , but i think it 's mostly with germany . 
  though there certainly should be cases with sweden too . 
  now i imagine like a hundred chinese guys , on their knees , drinking from the river ... 
  even worse . 
  a bulgarian . 
  : / if you want to ask about the bulgarian pensioners - they are on photosynthesis and during the winter they are in hibernation in their cold little flats . 
  : / it would be funny if it was n't sad . 
  hello , 230 a month here :d, 
  dear god , it would be terrible if he had succeeded to do something at the park , with all the kids and families . 
  and this conclusion , that there is no terror connection to him wearing loaded guns and quran to disneyland is complete bulls * it . 
  obviously he 's afraid of all the islamist terrorists ... / s, 
  making a `` protest '' waving signs `` refugees , welcome here '' . 
  while the migrants are shouting `` uk - uk - uk - uk '' oh , the irony ... :d, 
  it 's because , you know , in iran they have n't discovered sex yet . 
  '' - i 'm 14 , honest word !, 
  - but ... you have a huge beard and your head is balding ... - yeah , you know ... tough childhood . '', 
  nope , it 's not the same , not at all . 
  first - they are lying with the purpose of exploiting the system and receiving free food , accommodation , necessities , other materials and money . 
  ( small edit - if i , or you , go to work somewhere abroad noone will give me free accommodation , food and money , until ( or while ) i work . 
  i would n't expect it . ), 
  second - they are entering illegally , without any documents , or with fake ones , which is basically criminal offense . 
  they destroy their documents on purpose to pretend to be syrians , even if they are from other countries or africans . 
  third - most of them are not coming with the pure goal of finding a job and working , because they should consider the facts - they are illiterate in the new environment , also they are not a work force that could be easily prepared and employed . 
  if i go to work abroad i would be more prepared , so i could consider doing it . 
  but being in a completely different culture , language environment ... it 's not the same . 
  fourth - if you go abroad to find a job and work - you want to integrate into the new system , culture , environment . 
  if i go to germany - i would behave according german culture . 
  if i go to dubai i wont drink on the street . 
  fifth - if you go somewhere abroad to live and work you try to behave . 
  you do n't start raping girls on the train station . 
  you do n't raise the level of criminal activities . 
  you work . 
  so it 's not the same . 
  can it run crysis ? 
  but the steaks are high !, 
   hanging pigs from trees fck yeah , free pork, 
  mmm , very well said . 
  actually in the present we 're seeing the ( so to speak ) birth of idiotic and freakish `` right '' in russia ( pardon me , russians ) - `` nationalism '' mixed with cult towards the personality of the `` great leader '' and `` savior '' , and added into that a ton of bullshit conspiracies and shadowy enemies . 
  even the orthodox christianity is somehow put in there . 
  meanwhile , for example in sweden ( pardon me , swedes ) we see idiotic far left . 
  mutated liberalism that is going so far left , that is almost suicidal , ready to burn on the stake everyone who wants to give a different opinion or just a realistic view . 
  this `` left '' pretends to be blind about all the problems that are happening , even through means of obviously biased articles in the media and some ways of censorship - for example the problems with the rapes of women in germany . 
  basically there 's a saying - `` golden middle '' . 
  but everyone is trying to be as retarded as possible , reaching into whole new levels of idiotic `` liberal '' and `` conservative '' . 
  but imagine the massive outcry if a government starts doing it with people posting liberal stuff on twitter . 
  imagine the government sending police to people 's homes and saying something like : `` remember when you posted that thing on twitter supporting gay rights . 
  do n't do it . '', 
  what will happen then ? 
  even if no people are arrested . 
  that is pure censorship . 
  it 's ugly to see it happening in europe . 
  look at them . 
  they 're the captain now !, 
  meh , we 've also had lower than -30 , so this is still kinda okay , 
  i 'm pretty sure zuckerberg still needs his body . 
  we pretty much fuck things up for everybody - us included :d, 
  aah , sorry , did n't understand you . 
  i do n't know about the mafia in sweden . 
  most probably there is n't swedish mafia , it 's just not the mentality of most of the people there . 
  yet again , i can only feel bad if there is organized crime that came from bulgaria and `` infected '' you . 
  but that 's another story ... , 
  hi there  everything is organized . 
  they are not beggars , but they are gypsies that want easy money . 
  they get organized by some gypsy `` bosses '' that get paid part of the money they make begging . 
  it is like mafia , because the gypsy mafia does that . 
  even the transport is organized - they go by cars or small buses . 
  these `` beggers '' have houses here and make a lot of money that way . 
  not to mention their bosses that drive expensive cars and live in small `` palaces '' . 
  i 'm not kidding , you can ask other bulgarians . 
  it 's funny for me , why do n't swedes ask themselves - `` okay , this is supposed to be a poor man/woman without a single cent , he need money for food ... and somehow he traveled more than two thousand kilometers , even if he has not a single cent for food , to come and beg ? '', 
  or you think they came by foot :d, 
  gothenburg is even famous in bulgaria ... with the organized groups of gypsy scammers that go there to beg for money . 
  we had documentaries about the problem . 
  sorry , sweden . 
  \u00bf \u0287\u0250\u0265\u028d \u0287\u1d09\u0250\u028d, 
  not that i want to insult or something , but that sounds a bit stupid reaction . 
  `` dude minister , people are shooting each other with aks , send the fucking army '' `` naaaah ... it 's okaaay ... '', 
  i was going to jokingly write - meh , say you 're from syria and you 'll get a free transport , accommodation and food . 
  also - you wont have to waste time preparing any documents , visas or passports . 
  slovakia is just trolling the world :d, 
  `` studying the stalinist experience '' basically , they gon na put them for a week in gulag ? 
  in soviet russia ... hospital kills you . 
  neither unicorns :d, 
  uuuhm ... here the guns are very well restricted but i know for sure that the criminals have everything - from grenades , to machine guns , to rpgs . 
  the last try for assassination was made with two rpgs ... 
  well , at least here i know the medias have journalists on duty and if something happens - they write about it . 
  imagine if ... ww3 happens ... but we have to wait for the holidays to be over , to know about it . 
  dude , i 'm from bulgaria and even i 'm getting angry reading what the beautiful country of germany is doing to itself !,
