  thank you , dear neighbour , i 'm laughing with tears :d, 
  hah , the irony . 
  couple of decades ago they were hidden not to `` go '' to germany , but now they ( and ours ) are going on masses to germany on their own :d, 
  that 's not even their final form !, 
  also , why is no one wondering , what the hell are doing all these people `` with mental health problems '' doing on the streets , stabbing people and shit , and why they are not in some mental institutions or hospitals ? 
  oh well ... at least you make very sexy photos of raptors and b2 and what not , 
  russia occupies ukraine . 
  that seems to be left from the socialist years . 
  even we make `` parades '' though we do n't have that much fancy machines to show . 
  i can fap to this, 
  that was some deadly shit ... . 
  plant snipers all around charlie hebdo . 
  when they see guys with masks and guns , let them paint the walls with their brains . 
  well , if we put him in prison he * will become * an `` obedient muslim woman '' . 
  i can have this imam as a sex slave ? 
  norway ? 
  but also - paris , france . 
  i 'm actually kind of glad that it 's not a terrorist attack this time , because it probably should be resolved without additional problems . 
  still , it 's ugly to see such things happening . 
  everything is nothing . 
  as all the other cases - he 's probably insane gay nazi . 
  condolences for the victims :( as i 've heard we have sent rescue teams to help , i also hope we will help you with all that 's needed - food , medicines and so on . 
  may god protect us all from such disasters . 
  that 's ... a really hard question . 
  on one hand , here the people hate our politicians so much , that we would n't even fight in a paintball war for these dirty corrupted fat awful lying stupid bastards . 
  if they say - you have to go `` there '' and do `` that '' ( if there 's a mobilisation of the army ) we would show them a middle finger and run away in some forests or something . 
  but on the other hand , if there 's something threatening our loved ones , our families and friends , our existence ... well , we got ta do what we got ta do and we 're pretty good at it . 
  after all , it 's the balkans . 
  shit would get real and we would kick some ass , even if we 're poor as fck . 
  could be , could be . 
  i 'm not arguing with you , but i still ca n't get the logic of `` they want war , they want some response , so we should not give them that . '', 
  imagine , if during the ww2 the allies said - oh , the nazis ? 
  they want war !, 
  that 's what they want !, 
  we should not fight !, 
  ( we had pacts with the axis , so i 'm saying it from your point of view . ), 
  or ... something more painful for us - the ottoman empire . 
  imagine , if our kings and heroes during the huge 500 years slavery , also - during the liberation of bulgaria said - oh , the ottomans ? 
  they want war !, 
  we should n't do anything about it !, 
  i just ca n't get the logic behind it . 
   also , it 's possible that the integrated muslims in europe , not talking about the islamists in the ghettos , feel even stronger hate against isis for fucking up the name of their religion , so what would isis do when many muslims from all over the world fight against them together with the christians and the other religions ... 
  yes , it 's indeed powerful machine  i was talking , that if there 's a ultimate clash of civilisations it would be the full power of the guys bombing the jihadists at the moment plus many more who suffer or are pissed off because of islamist terrorist acts on their territory . 
  we 're talking about a ultimate clash of civilisations , the eu is just an economical union . 
  basically , it 's like poking a sleeping lion with a stick . 
  then you get buttfucked , and also exterminated . 
  now imagine if someone is ready to kill his children , how much of a fuck he gives about random ( `` infidels ! '' ), 
  people on the street . 
  when the reporter was talking with that paedophile ... 
  i 'm not sure i would be able to control the urge to break his god damn ugly head in the wall . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  it 's kind of unsolvable problem . 
  it 's really , really painful question for us ... and it 's all connected . 
  here the votes for the places in the parliament are often resolved with the gypsies votes . 
  that 's why the politicians ca n't make laws like `` if you have a child under 16/18 you will not get welfare . '', 
  or ... `` if you do n't have ( the mandatory !! ), 
  high-school education , you will not get welfare . '', 
  if they get money for not working and having a lot of children , they ca n't be made to work by force . 
  here the bulgarians are not racist , meaning - we would welcome everyone , no matter which country , but we 're kind of pissed because of our gypsy population . 
  not only because of the welfare and using our healthcare system without paying , but because they steal in the villages , but it 's another huge topic , fuck that . 
  in the end . 
  i want you ... to imagine something . 
  imagine , if the percentage of unemployed people in finland was 80 percent , or 80 percent of the finnish people just would n't work . 
  what would happen with the country then ? 
   also - we fucking enjoy the western countries , because you have such well working systems , social , health , education and so on ... ( while ours are ... not working ) that 's why we 're kind of angry when we hear someone is exploiting or trying to ruin your way of life . 
  there were such rumours , but they are doing something easier - they just fake documents . 
  there was this `` funny '' case where whole ghetto was full with children with asthma ( faked medical documents ) , so they could get extra benefits . 
  also , if you 're thinking i 'm joking  here 's a video from the national tv about a gypsy woman with 12 children . 
  if i have to translate you all of it i 'm going to vomit . 
  basically - 12 children . 
  she does n't know their birth dates , she does n't make them birthdays . 
  i 'm absolutely serious , sometimes they do n't remember their names and how many children they have , it 's like having pets . 
  she and her husband do n't work because they have welfare . 
  she gave birth to her first child when she was 12 . 
  which is against the law here , it 's paedophilia , but the police is fucking retarded . 
  and so on ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjjfgucsnh4, 
  hahaha , here the minimum net salary is around 150 euros . 
  a lot of people outside the capital work for this shit . 
  france , gib money plz, 
  to be honest , i 'm not familiar with the laws , but i know that many villages have a huge percentage of their population ( gypsies ) in germany . 
  they go there with all of their children and as far as i know they get money from the state for every child . 
  our gypsies have a lot of children , sometimes literally more than 10 , that way exploiting our social systems , but in recent years - exploiting the german one , so it 's really profitable for them . 
  as i said , i 'm not familiar with the law , if their father starts some job and then quits , just to get the money , but i know they get money for their children . 
  there were cases where actually the children lived here , but on papers were in germany and still received welfare . 
  also - here the gypsies do n't work but still get welfare ( around 80 percent of the whole gypsy population is unemployed ) , do n't know according which laws . 
  ( we sometimes joke that the gypsies here know the laws better than the layers , because they profit by them.talking about ... money for electricity or wood for the winter , free food , all kinds of welfare , which , well , unfortunately the poor bulgarian pensioners just do n't get , because they do n't try to check how to get any . ), 
  sorry , it 's a painful problem and i could talk a lot about it , but it 's off topic . 
  oh , yeah , there are a lot of our gypsies living on welfare in germany . 
  mind you , the money they get without moving their finger whole month is more than the money we make here working our asses every month . 
  lol , that 's like one very big city in bulgaria , all of them on welfare . 
  thanx , merkel , 
  i see what you did there !, 
  you see , the difference between western and ... `` eastern '' media is , that both may be biased , but you can write in the western media , that it 's biased . 
  well , on theory you can write it in the russian , or ... chinese , or belorussian media too , but you can suddenly disappear or be `` suicided '' . 
  way fckin nicer than our dormitories , to be honest . 
  : / actually looks way better than most of our flats / rented places too . 
  at first i was like `` what the fuck is `` agency for fighting immigrants '' and why should we approve it when ( if it exists ) it should be somewhere abroad . 
  but yeah , the majority of the people here are ... not that smart people who like to check facts and be at least a bit sceptical about everything . 
  hello , friend !, 
   i was talking/joking about this : http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/07/15/485900076/how-a-danish-town-helped-young-muslims-turn-away-from-isis for me it looks like some kind of dark , crazy and sad comedy .
