  still sounds better than `` dick stuck in you '' , tho ... :d, 
  exactly . 
  for example , nina dobrev should be nina dobreva . 
  but since the english language does n't have genders , when a male bulgarian marries ( for example ) an american woman - vasil petrov marries dorothy jefferson , she becomes dorothy petrov . 
  they have a girl ... iliana petrov ( if she 's born in bulgaria the wife and the daughter would be petrova ) . 
  ( the family names are transcribed sometimes as , for example , petroff or petrov ) edit and ps . 
  one good example is viktor krum from the harry potter universe . 
  it just does n't work like that , he would be viktor krumov . 
  but oh well , it 's still cool . 
  after all , our [ khan krum ] ( http://stolisi.petosoubl.com/assets/img/blog/hankrum.png ) was a great dude . 
  [ nooo , you ca n't have an opinion ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/225/267/35k9iz.jpg ) / s just kidding , just kidding , do n't kill me please . 
  ah , i got it now !, 
  seriously , thank you !, 
  yeah , it 's very subjective , but also it 's not such a huge deal for people to argue or get angry about . 
   for me , personally , if someone with bulgarian ancestry ( even just a grandfather ) says - `` i consider myself bulgarian '' probably would be a small moment of national pride , hahaha . 
  but ... what 's the reason ? 
  what the hell ? 
  after all , all of the white americans came from europe . 
  i 'm not very familiar with the percentage , but they are with irish , german , dutch and so on ancestry ... 
  `` cultural appropriation '' is complete bullshit . 
  if i want to i could dress as a cowboy , as an indian ( native american ) , as an samurai and that 's because i want to . 
  everyone is free to dress with traditional bulgarian clothes , and i can say we 're always glad to see a foreigner enjoying our traditions - music , folklore , cuisine , dresses . 
  btw it 's only retarded when something like that is in the movies . 
  for example - if i ( white ) dress with traditional african clothes to play some african hero in a movie . 
  that 's stupid . 
  we had something similar once - black actor playing orpheus . 
  really ? 
  i 've never met anyone who is `` butthurt '' about it . 
  so ... nina dobrev says she 's with bulgarian ancestry , and i should be angry about it ? 
  actually i 'm happy about it , that she 's able to make my country even a bit more `` famous '' in some of her interviews . 
  it 's awesome , for example , when i hear stories about bulgarians living in chicago and getting their lives better . 
  cool . 
  here the unemployed people are expected to pay it themselves . 
  people who work get paid health insurance from their salaries ( taxes ) . 
  i think it 's some percentage of the salary . 
  people who are unemployed can pay 8 % of the minimum salary every month , to be health insured , which is equal to around 8-9 euros . 
  it may sound cheap , but !, 
  - you always pay again . 
  every time you visit your doctor you pay a small fee . 
  i 'm not sure how much you pay when you have a procedure done , but i guess it 's different for everything . 
  - the system itself is not the best . 
  people say a lot of the doctors are corrupted and they are expected to get money under the table . 
  the hospitals are old and some are ... like from a horror movie . 
  though !, 
  there are some newer hospitals too . 
  i do n't have personal experience to talk about the corruption , so i ca n't . 
  but even when a woman gives birth she has to give money for a thousand things and it 's expensive as fuck . 
  i 've watched documentaries about the nhs and the hs in canada and it 's a fuckin paradise !, 
  congrats on that !, 
  - people here are often angry , because some ... `` more clever '' people ( * cough-gypsies-cough * ) do not pay their health insurance when they are unemployed , while the unemployed bulgarians pay theirs , and the same not paying people like to use the healthcare system even more often ... for free . 
  how they do that ? 
  they just call an ambulance , for every single little thing , the ambulance gets them through emergency , which is for free and does not require health insurance , and these guys get medical attention while other people pay for everything . 
  it 's ironic , but the mentality is that bulgarians often do n't even want to call an ambulance , even if they have to , but these not paying people call it always . 
  very often the doctors get beaten in the ghettos or groups of people make troubles in the hospitals , but that 's a long long story and off topic . 
  my point is , the system sucks because some pay and others ( ab ) use it . 
  - and often the ambulances are so late , the person is already dead . 
  oh well , in this case the state itself sucks balls . 
  the state gets new expensive cars , limousines and so on , and so on , but `` ohhh there are no money for ambulances and for higher salaries !, 
  people know she 's ( literally ) sponsored by russia , talks in russian propaganda points and they 're still okay with that ? 
  huh ... 
  i mean , of course there should be right to oppose the left in the county , but why do n't you choose independent ( pro-french ) right , that 's not created/sponsored by a foreign country ?!, 
  i 'm not familiar with the french politics and i hope there is such right . 
  for example , here we just do n't have independent , pro-bulgarian , not sponsored by russia right . 
  wtf, 
  sad :(, 
  saying all the races should be equal - okay . 
  saying stuff about killing white people , about `` white tears '' and so on . 
  hah , that is cool !, 
  i was wondering what the hell the worlds `` ezi '' and `` tura '' that we use mean . 
  thanks !, 
  for the winter we have [ these ] ( http://www.ruchnaizrabotka.com/uploads/notices/b_notice_50fd0899c8155.jpg ) awesome stuff  - terlici ( \u0442\u0435\u0440\u043b\u0438\u0446\u0438 ) . 
  the whole thread become very interesting ( for me at least ) . 
  it 's funny how different are all the cultures , even the neighbouring countries , about this small thing . 
  i mean , imagine if you have friends in bulgaria and you come to visit them . 
  you will presume you should enter with your shoes on . 
  the people would think `` wow , this is rude , not to take off his shoes !, 
  '' , so they would ask you `` please , take off your shoes '' , and you would think `` wow , how rude of them to ask me to take off my shoes ! '' . 
  but yeah , the usual would be for a person to ask if he should enter with shoes on . 
  though !, 
  some people here said that it 's polite to tell your guest that he can enter with shoes on , but he 's suspected to take them off . 
  hah , that is so funny !, 
  before that i thought it would be more like north against the south thing , where we ( south ) would not wear shoes , because ... warmer weather and carpets ( i guess ) , but it seems that the `` cultural border '' is very mixed and `` unclear '' . 
  it 's very interesting reading all the comments and how strongly it varies . 
  by the way , i 've read a funny story , that was claimed to be true and that happened couple of decades ago . 
  one of our diplomats in france was invited by one of his friends to visit his home . 
  so , he rings the bell , the housekeeper opens the door , our guy enters and starts taking off his shoes . 
  the housekeeper is in shock , because from her point of view there 's some unknown gentleman that just entered and started undressing himself . 
  ( do n't know if the story is 100 % true , but it 's a great and funny example of cultural differences ), 
  i guess it 's 15-16 for the boys . 
  probably 15 for the girls . 
  as far as i remember , i was 16 and it was a normal age . 
  i 'm completely okay with the ordinary people , with the tourists and so on , but recently russia keeps doing only bullshit on the political stage . 
  putin is free to do whatever he wants in russia , after all he gets 114 % of the vote and 99.9 % love from the russians ( / s ) , but when the russian propaganda machine shits all over the medias in our country , when they buy political parties and try to influence us - now it 's personal !, 
  this i really hate . 
  their propaganda is messing with our stuff and we should do something about it . 
  terrorists , but they do n't concern me . 
  though it 's considered that hezbollah did one of the very few terrorist acts in bulgaria - on burgas `` sarafovo '' airport , that targeted bus of tourists - israelis . 
  ironically , the only one killed bulgarian ( the driver of the tourists ) was a bulgarian muslim . 
  i think of them , that they 're metaphorically pissing against the wind . 
  i mean - you can all be annihilated in a week , if there 's like ... really pissed off israel .
