  imagine the situation in the villages - at night the old people are afraid to go out if they hear a noise because they know they can be beaten or even killed , so they stay locked inside with hope the thieves wont enter inside . 
  so the thieves know they can steal everything that is outside - in the yard . 
  everything iron or steel , every machinery , every animal . 
  old people used to have chickens and goats and so on , but now it 's pointless ... and fortunately your gypsies seems to only steal but not beat and kill or rape , or at least it 's not on such a level . 
  i just do n't know how to explain to the people of western europe about these things . 
  they 're so ignorant about how bad could such a situation be !, 
  and many of the old people have children who are far away and they 're completely alone . 
  just ... let me show you the video about that incident with the old handicapped people . 
  it 's slavic language so probably you could understand something , but the video speaks for itself . 
  i want everyone to see what i mean !!!, 
  people from civilized countries , look now ... first - i 've seen another news from slovakia and as far as i know the police there does a good work with keeping the gypsies in order , there was a case when gypsies robed and raped an old woman and the special forces found the guy , the whole ghetto was like `` noooo he innocent nooo he okay '' but he was recognized and probably he got a few slaps when found . 
  so i do n't know how often happen things like that - as you said - these had beaten and robbed an old woman , but i think the police does their work there , though that 's indeed a harsh way to threat these younger gypsies . 
  second - i will repeat myself - that 's a harsh way to threat them , but you should know that ( at least here ) some of them could be already fathers . 
  here in bulgaria the gypsies are doing shit you could not even imagine . 
  raping old women , beating to death old people in the village , stealing everything , threatening old people and the fucking police here are fucking pussies . 
  sorry for the words but i 'm fucking pissed with the police here . 
  because it 's like : `` an old woman was beaten with broken bones and all the money she had ( like 20 euros ) were stolen . 
  the police says they ca n't do anything . '', 
  and you should know that the old people here in the villages do n't even dare to have a single chicken because it will be stolen the same fucking night !, 
  and noone would fucking say anything to the gypsies !, 
  and do n't start `` you racist ! '', 
  because everybody knows that the gypsies do this and everybody in the villages is afraid . 
  ... hope it 's not like that in slovakia or in your countries , but i doubt it is like that ... 
  here was a case when gypsies killed a young boy with a car - it was intentional , then the whole village just could n't take it anymore and burnt the houses down and the gypsies ran away . 
  also - i 've seen news and things happening here that make me personally to want to hang the fucking freaks with my own hands to the nearest tree . 
  i 've cried because i 've seen on the news how gypsies recidivists had beaten very badly a family of old handicapped people with a son who is mentally handicapped just to get the last money of these people . 
  i would fucking hang these freaks !, 
  and you can downvote this as much as you want !!!, 
  and these thiefs and murderers are recidivists , but they are still free , not in the jail ... why ? 
  because it 's an anarchy . 
  my point is - indeed this is a harsh thing to do with these young boys , but if this somehow helps not to have murders and rapes and recidivists at large all over slovakia ... 
  i do n't know ... it 's the lesser evil . 
  hope the police there keep an eye on the criminals there and not let these 16 year old boys to beat and kill someone after one or two years . 
  and yes - it still should be done not with such a harsh measures . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  thank you , guys . 
  me , personally , i 've never seen the point in something like : `` we are for the people !, 
  we want the best for them !, 
  so let 's burn their cars , their shops , bus stops , police cars , smash everything we see ... oh this `` businessman '' car ? 
  noo ... ca n't touch there ... '', 
  what is happening there ? 
  some far left protesters ? 
  i 've always found ironic and funny , that if some far left protesters dare to do such things in belarus ( or god forbids ... ) north korea , they will just ... disappear . 
  but ... yeah ... communism . 
  :d not that i 'm against theoretical logical and civilized socialist politics , but that 's another long topic . 
  edit - i 've always felt sympathy towards germany ( could say i 'm germanophile ) so it feels bad to see problems happening there . 
  we should arrange a date between the two . 
  also - between frau merkel and the french president - they 're so cute together . 
  and that 's how you truly unite europe ( though it sounds a bit like game of thrones ) . 
  most of the people here like it , but i 've never ever tried it ... : / it 's like a shame for a bulgarian . 
  it is , i completely agree !, 
  if someone puts the portrait of the president on his wall here ( no matter school or wherever ) , probably the neighbors would call an ambulance and will put him in some mental clinic . 
  wow , you 're so right !, 
  europe looks cute and huggable ... but it can chew your head off . 
  as far as we care - we could send him to live in a cave and no one would give a single fck . 
  ahahahaha how dare you be such a good country for living ? 
  with all your evil canadian stuff like great lifestyle , infrastructure , healthcare , freedom of speech , equality , logic , politeness ?!, 
  please , let russia be slavic somewhere else , preferably very far away from here . 
  facepalmed with both hands . 
  so - us needs war in europe . 
  that 's why we started first by entering sovereign territory and actually taking it . 
  us needs war in europe . 
  that 's why they 're not helping by sending weapons . 
  attempts to provoke russia into a war did not work . 
  that 's why there are fucking evidences of russian army involvement everywhere . 
  i feel that 's as idiotic as the propaganda from the communist years . 
  do n't know if it 's more funny or sad . 
  russia is silly . 
  we giggle . 
  actually i 've watched an interview with that lady ( on bulgarian television , but probably other interviewers ) and it 's daaamn awesome , it seems you 're doing a great work there !, 
  she spoke about all the progress . 
  congratulations on the awesome job and keep the good work !, 
  2 . pls , send her here for a couple of years , or if we could somehow clone her ... actually i 'm really glad and full of hope , that ... some day ... it could happen here too . 
  at least some fuckin action , because now it 's kind of anarchy ... 
  ah , fellow bulgarian  yep , so you know how 's the situation in our internet medias ... 
   i should say i 'm skeptical guy and do n't believe all the conspiracy shit . 
  but i have reasons to believe the paid commenters . 
  1 . we already had scandals about paid commenters under news sites using propaganda points , these agencies were used by bulgarian political parties , there are evidences for that , i can check for articles . 
  yep - you can read something from this : https://bivol.bg/en/tag/internet-trolling 2 . in bulgaria you can read the same comments copy-pasted under different articles in different websites . 
  the articles sometimes do n't have anything in common even , they could be ... about musician , about tv show , about ... everything . 
  but under them comments how great is russia , how eu sucks and so on . 
  3 . there were other `` hypes '' in bulgaria way more important than this . 
  for example - snow storms covering territories with meters of snow , many places cut off from the roads and without electricity and stuff . . but these and other important articles normally get arour ( as i said ) 20-30 comments at top , while articles about putin and russia get 300-400-500 without a problem . 
  every time . 
  that 's 25 times the comments at most . 
  it 's obvious . 
  4 . the tone of the comments and the words used is almost the same . 
  you can see the same words repeated and repeated again and again . 
  `` eurogey '' `` sorosoids '' and different conspiracy shit . 
  5 . you can see long comments that looks like they 're written from some pr agency under different female names , which is obviously bullshit . 
  6 . all of this happened really suddenly , i ca n't even say when exactly but in a sudden there appeared many accounts - anti-eu and pro-russian , and then hundreds of comments ... really , about two years ago you could n't see anything of that . 
  for example , now i checked article from the beginning 2013 , important one - for criminal case in bulgaria - it has 39 comments . 
  as i remember - that was considered a well commented article back then . 
  it 's just damn obvious , mate . 
  forgot to mention we have one political party that is obviously sponsored by russia , so they could be helping building that propaganda shit . 
  i ai n't mad about the trolls themselves , i 'm mad about shitting on the good clean internet , where you could talk or argue normally , that was the news websites ( at least here ) . 
  buttfcked him to death with sanctions :d, 
  we 'll see how it would be today , but yesterday the bulgarian branch of paid commenters did a lot of work . 
  under articles for russia or putin - around 500 - 600 comments while under other articles ( about bulgaria for example ) around ( literally ) 10-20 comments . 
  i speak english .
