  but ... 
  i would prefer at least b1 , if i decide to live somewhere else . 
  yes , exactly . 
  you can see the houses that are built with swedish money , at the end of part 2 . 
  it 's proven , but they wont give me my ~ ~ 1000 euros ~ ~ three fiddy . 
  dude ... are you retarded ? 
  i shall quote myself : `` the panhandling is an organised business . '', 
  `` these beggars are organised by gangs . '', 
  `` the gypsy panhandlers are fake '' where the fuck did you read about construction workers or house maids ?!?!?!?!?!, 
  of course many bulgarians and romanians and polish are working in the uk , in spain , in germany , in italy and so on . 
  even some of our gypsies go there to work and not to steal , pickpocket , stay on social benefits . 
  and it 's cool . 
  because we 're helping their economies with doing some of the jobs they themselves would not want to do . 
  jeeesus christ ... 
  oi , mate , are you going to give me 1000 euros if i provide a proof that they are organised ?? 
  of course all of the gypsy panhandlers are fake . 
  if you 're that poor , that you have to beg people for coins , are you going to travel thousands of kilometres , to a foreign country , where you do n't even speak the language ? 
  and it would be such a coincidence , that a lot of people will do it absolutely at the same time . 
  if i suddenly see tons of ... vietnamese people ( for example ) begging on the streets of our cities , i would become suspicious . 
  the panhandling is an organised business . 
  actually , a long time ago i posted a thread in `` sweden '' , because i watched a great bulgarian documentary on it , and said - guys , it 's gon na get worse , it 's a business , do n't give them money , because the bosses and even the panhandlers make a looooot of money and this will only go larger . 
  but some of the swedes said - `` naah , you 're not bulgarian , you 're a racist swedish guy and the beggars are poor , poor people . '' . 
  so , now i 'm `` eating some popcorn and watching the show '' . 
  but seriously . 
  these beggars are organised by gangs . 
  they travel from bulgaria ( possibly romania too ? ), 
  by busses and go to sweden to make easy money . 
  they make way more money than hard working people here . 
  the bosses get expensive cars and big houses . 
  exploitation of the unsuspecting swedes . 
  on one hand it 's sad to see how our gypsies exploit not only the good people in sweden , germany and so on , but also their social systems and i would actually be glad to see you doing something against it . 
  but on the other hand - `` we told you so . 
  it 's your problem now . '', 
  since our policemen do n't do shit and prefer to hide and sleep in their police cars , i doubt it there are any recent cases of killed policemen . 
  actually , in 2014 there was a case when a ( equivalent of ) swat policeman was killed by a crazy man with a rifle , who had barricaded himself in his home . 
  [ this guy - our ex prime-minister boiko borisov ] ( http://www.razkritia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/boiko-borisov.jpg ), 
  i would guess ... volleyball , because we 're one of the best in the world . 
  also probably tennis - grigor dimitrov . 
  figure skating too - our girls are ( one of ) the best . 
  doctor in an ambulance in bulgaria - around 650 euros a month . 
  couple of years ago it was around 350-400 euros . 
  it sounds really beautiful !, 
  thank you !, 
  here 's one great bulgarian march - [ happy in combat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uvxomomxb8 ), 
  but but ... ours is so peaceful :( the old one was really cool , though . 
  for me it would be [ this one * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lotgo73gok ) * it 's loud and i 'm not sure you all are going to like it , because - bagpipes, 
  by being fucking awesome . 
  motherfucking goulash < 3, 
  it really depends of the city , but let 's see ... often , outside of sofia you 'll get 200 euros net salary a month . 
  if you 're lucky you can get more , but it depends . 
  i have friends in sofia who 're getting 300 euros . 
  this is where the paradox gets in . 
  the cheapest one room flat outside of sofia is around 100 euros a month . 
  electricity , water , phone , internet - around 50 euros . 
  so you 're starting the month with 150 euros less from your salary of 200 euros . 
  litre of a better milk would be a bit less than one euro . 
  bread is 40 cents . 
  male haircut is about 3 euros , depending where you are . 
  you can have a lunch from a lunch menu at a restaurant for about 3 euros . 
  whole pizza is about 5 euros . 
  city transport is 50 cents ( in sofia - 80 cents ) . 
  gas is a bit more than euro a litre . 
  ironically , i have friends and relatives in germany , who say - `` wow , it seems to be so cheap shopping in some of the bigger chains !, 
  and the food is way better ! '', 
  my god , just checked the statistics !, 
  3.8 % unemployed and 80 % of the people are employed !, 
  damn , that 's amazing !, 
  sincere congratulations for your economy !, 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  a lot of bulgarians choose to go to germany ( or the uk ) and work unskilled labour , just because ... in germany there are enough jobs . 
  even if you ca n't get rich , at least you can live relatively calmly with your salary , even you can manage to save some money . 
  ( some of our minorities go to exploit the social system , but that 's another topic ) . 
  we 're probably the opposite . 
  here even the skilled and educated workers ca n't find a suitable job . 
  there are record levels of people with university education that work in a completely different sphere of work ( estimated at over 50 % of the people with higher education ) . 
  good example are the economists - i have couple of friends with education in accounting , who work unskilled and low paid labour . 
  sometimes the business itself does n't value the potential employees . 
  i 've been on an interview for a customer support , a job with bulgarian , english and a third european language . 
  i said i would like at least 500 euros net salary , and ... they thought it 's too much . 
  luckily , the outsourced western companies are not that cheap . 
  oh well  again - thank you for your answer !, 
  in bulgaria it really depends . 
  a huge percentage of the population works in sofia , it 's estimated to be close to 2 million , while the whole country itself around 7 million . 
  it 's harder if you 're looking for a job outside of sofia . 
  if you have `` connections '' and know the right people you can get a nice job for average amount of money . 
  if you do n't have `` connections '' you can work for a shitty job in a factory or something like that . 
  a lot of places do n't work 100 % according to the law and the employees are often screwed with the work hours , bonuses for overtime or working night shifts and so on . 
  i know people who do n't have their lunch break . 
  the salaries also very different . 
  the it sector is well paid . 
  but often if you work something else you 'll not have enough money for a calm life . 
  basically it 's like survival . 
  for example - in sofia ( bad case scenario ) you get around 300 euros net salary , of which 150 euros is rent , electricity , water . 
  with the remaining money you have to survive whole month . 
  also know couple of friends who get money from their parents so they can work in different city . 
  in couple of words - the situation is poo . 
  and yet , according to the statistics the percentage of unemployed here is relatively low in comparison with some other countries . 
  unemployed . 
  until recently i was a translator and it was great , because it was kind of like freelance , where i could decide my working time . 
  but the project had ended and now it 's going to be some shitty time of searching for a new job .
