  tldr - all the migrants are different and there is a lot of populism about them , there are also a lot of facts and both things should be considered , 
  yep , but we use mls for the other drinks . 
  you can hear ... grams most often about rakija . 
  ( and it 's equal grams = mls ) . 
  meh , nothing that 300 grams of rakija could n't fix . 
  do we put quotes because it 's aesthetically more pleasing ? 
  `` hijacked '' `` egyptair '' `` passenger '' `` plane '' `` lands '' `` in '' `` cyprus '' . 
  germany , 
  some of these teenage idiots go to other country to kill people , cut their heads off , execute and torture , invent new and brutal ways of killing captives while using the footage for propaganda , held slaves , rape these slaves and basically kill everyone who opposes their medieval crazy laws . 
  or you will say that the reported huge quantity of such ... animals ... from belgium and france joining isis is fake ? 
  okay , this guy is an idiot . 
  but ... 
  there was recently that video of some female journalist and her crew entering one , let 's say , ghetto , where they were physically attacked by migrants and the police is too afraid to enter these areas . 
  i 'm seriously curious if the attackers were arrested , because i do n't remember it mentioned under the video ? 
  or it 's perfectly okay to physically attack europeans ? 
  i 'm not a native english speaker , but his accent is awful ... 
  though i guess the majority of people are dumb enough not to question anything . 
  cluj-napoca , media\u0219 , sighi\u0219oara and t\u00e2rgu mure\u0219 these awesome names sound like coming from middle earth , 
  i would like to see them join . 
  everybody would profit from such a thing . 
  `` police '', 
  yeah , i know what you 're talking about :d, 
  have n't seen anyone to use horses or donkeys to plow anything here ( except other horses or donkeys hehehe ) . 
  probably someone could still use them for his little private field with couple of potatoes or garlic . 
  yep . 
  just think about the language we 're using to talk with each other right now . 
  naah , that 's nothing . 
  this is the real shit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biuj2igs_5s hahahhaahaha, 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  i 'm talking about the recent waves , though , 
  i have a serious question , especially if we have swiss people here . 
  why i 'm left with the impression that switzerland does n't have immigrants there ? 
  does switzerland actually let any of them there , or not ? 
  may be i have n't met any articles about immigrants in switzerland or it 's not shown on our news . 
  i remember when i was 15 and i 'm pretty sure i did n't want to be a terrorist committing mas murders . 
  thank you , poland !, 
  great post !, 
  ... such is life in bulgaria . 
  wish you luck !!, 
  and not coming to bulgaria . 
  we sad now . 
  just kidding , we go to greece too ... 
  hehe , so ours is well known mafia guy . 
  which is expected , to be honest . . :d, 
  pros - being in the eu cons - do n't even get me started :d, 
  khm ... that awkward moment when '' \u010cekija '' means something ... funny ... in bulgarian . 
  as we see - all of them : /, 
  i think soon we will see fun videos of huge hairy bulgarian truck drivers beating the shit out of protesting greek farmers . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  prince kiril ... 
  it 's speculated who killed the tsar . 
  during thecommunist times the propaganda said it was hitler who killed the tsar , but now it 's said that it could be done by communists ... it 's not proven . 
  we had terrorist acts done by the communist during his time , though ... the biggest terrorist act in the history by that time was one huge bombing of a church that killed 213 people and injured over 500 . 
  his son was/is a politician in bulgaria but a shitty politician . 
  his father was way , way better ... 
  i see what you did there :d, 
  we had death camps made when the socialism came too : /, 
  the bad thing is , that 10 of them made such a huge problem in paris / france , with so many people killed . 
  i do n't want to imagine what 3 000 could do . 
  it 's kinda romantic , 
  oh , there 's a good one : they asked radio yerevan : could switzerland become a socialist country ? 
  radio yerevan answeres : yeah ... it could ... but it 's a shame for the good country . 
  oh , some of them ... are like they were made on purpous just to fuck with the party . 
  for example : all the communists - underground !, 
  ( motto of some miners ) also could mean - all the communists - go and die !, 
  or - every person - a cattle . 
  every communist - two . 
  do they provide the pork stakes ? 
  the whole regime was a joke . 
  very sad , sad joke , with concentration camps in it , though . 
  but a joke . 
  hehehe  it 's more like ... http://old.omda.bg/studentski_forum/image28.gif `` bulgarians '', 
  `` bulgarians '', 
  heh , i have already finished university , but seeing this photo is so scaaaryyy :d, 
  well , they wanted to get socialism , with all these red flags and shit . 
  so - welcome to socialism . 
  f * ck this , i 'm 65 , want my pension now . 
  government , pls !, 
  we have a very wise saying , that could be translated into `` when you ate the meatballs you did n't cry ( complain ) '' . 
  with meaning - when you eat you have to eventually pay . 
  that is really interesting !!, 
  thanks !, 
  our gypsies , or so called roma people , are considered to come from india , possibly along with the ottoman invaders . 
  i think they were a lower cast there . 
  indeed the irish pikeys do n't look nothing similar to gypsies :d if you copy and paste '' \u0446\u0438\u0433\u0430\u043d\u0438 '' in google images you can see photos of bulgarian ones ... 
  it 's pretty much like that :d http://bez-cenzura.com/images/tzigani-napadenie-2.jpg http://www.svobodnoslovo.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/cigani-535x350.jpg at least i think in the us you still keep some `` romantic '' image of the always traveling gypsies , or something like esmeralda from disney 's the hunchback of notre dame . 
  just like sex . 
   ) i 've watched `` snatch '' with brad pitt and there were gypsies living in caravans . 
  is that the stereotypical gypsy you have there ? 
  here it 's a different thing . 
  they ... prefer to make money in different ways . 
  the majority of them makes a lot of children and lives on social benefits . 
  i mean - 5-6-7 or more children . 
  it would be interesting to find statistics on the working percentage of the gypsy minority , but i 'm certain it would be probably around 10 percent , which makes around 80 or 90 percent of the gypsies unemployed on benefits . 
  but !, 
  there are many rich gypsies who make money by stealing in europe ( uk , germany , sweden ) , by begging ( sweden mostly ) or by phone scams made in bulgaria . 
  and i 'm talking really rich - they have huge houses , expensive cars and so on ... 
  the thing is - you just ca n't make gypsies work . 
  it 's impossible . 
  if you think i 'm being racist or wrong - you can ask other bulgarians .
