  if there are any russian propaganda troll factories geographically situated in bulgaria , i do n't think it changes much . 
  it would be some shady company situated at some building god knows where , just some small `` call centre '' . 
  the more important part is that they are paid by foreign governments for shittin all over the internet . 
  also , as i said in other comment - we have political party ( ies ? ), 
  obviously sponsored by russia , so it 's not hard for the organisation of this party to rent one or two small call centres . 
  edit . 
  the political party that used trolls did it for its own purposes , it was before the wave of massive propaganda shit to hit bulgarian internet . 
  then the news about russia had 20 comments maximum , now they have 400 . 
  dude , please . 
  the same `` people '' commenting say that north korea is way better for living , with great economy and basically a great country . 
  being pro-russian at some level could be okay , but being retarded political troll is not . 
  hahaha , so there too ... 
  i was thinking about the dnes.bg article - http://www.dnes.bg/world/2016/11/04/plevneliev-rusiia-se-opitva-da-razdeli-i-da-otslabi-evropa.320949, 
  last night we `` gathered '' in the bulgarian subreddit , because it started to spread in it too . 
  our news websited and facebook is already infected  and you 're absolutely right about it !, 
  it just should be shown publicly , as a data , what happens . 
  they 're using bulgarian . 
  :( i guess it 's some `` troll center '' in bulgaria , rented for pooping all over the internet . 
  there is a political party that 's paid and working for the russian interests , so they have `` workers '' in bulgaria to do shit . 
  btw , for comparison : this article about our president - close to 300 comments . 
  other articles - the bombing in diarbekir - 5 comments . 
  corruption in our customs - 8 comments . 
  some casino guard shot last night - 7 comments . 
  and the biggest news concerning us - our president elections - 40 comments . 
  yep . 
  right now , in one of the biggest bulgarian news websites , under the article there are almost 300 comments of propaganda trolls just cursing at him . 
  it 's almost pathetic to watch . 
  hah , probably some of the british finally read the google results of `` what happens , when i voted for brexit '' . 
  god , this is evil !, 
  i 'm laughing with tears ... . thank you , kind sir !, 
  also known as - the liberation of bulgaria !!!, 
   ) ) ) long may our heroes be remembered !, 
  [ the battle at the shipka peak ] ( http://www.pravoslavieto.com/img/art/hudozhnici/dimitar_gudzhenov/shipka.jpg ) edit - happy day to my fellow bulgarians , because today we 're celebrating our revolutionaries , writers and all the people who keep the bulgarian spirit awake !, 
  is sankt peterburg in sweden ? 
  hahaha :d you can see this bullshit in all kinds of unexpected places . 
  even pages for cosmetics ... 
  yeah , i 'm saying the propaganda machine is getting full retard , that 's it 's getting funny now , but fortunately it seems it 's not everywhere . 
  :d wait , i 'll find examples , but i have to scroll through amazing amount of bullshit . 
  some examples : http://imgur.com/a/iujiw facebook page `` with the coffee '' ( meaning , while drinking coffee , in the morning ) . 
  article about our communist dictator and military parade - `` look at this military parade we had a real army then hurr durr '' second example : http://imgur.com/a/vlngq same facebook page about `` drinking coffee '' article - russia created a bomb that can destroy uk 2 times !, 
  englishmen are in panic . 
  hurr durr i do n't want to scroll more because i feel how i 'm getting dumber with every photo , but i 'm sure there was photo about the birthday of the bravest leader president putin !!!, 
  :d also '' we do n't want word war 3 '' , which is a propaganda point of our political party sponsored by the glorious leader mr. p. , 
  from my point of view the whole invasion was the stupidest thing russia could have done and she has to bear the consequences . 
  peace and trading between russia and ukraine would be a thousand times more beneficial for the both countries , and everyone seems to forget that russia fabricated the excuse for invading `` we have to protect russians hurr durr '' . 
  i guess by starting a war you do a great job protecting the russian population living there , that is hated and endangered way , way more that way . 
  but still putin lies . 
  imagine bush saying - whaat ? 
  what army in iraq ? 
  noooo ... they are tourists . 
  this is idiotic . 
  it may sound a bit ridiculous , and i 'm not a fan of the conspiracy bullshit , but i think the `` world war iii '' story is kind of a propaganda point , i 'm not joking . 
  some of the medias spreading populist and political propaganda use it for some time  not only the populist politicians , but even facebook pages . 
  it 's getting almost ridiculous . 
  there are facebook pages who are not ( supposedly ) for politics , but you can see them spreading obvious propaganda . 
  like ... page for cosmetics or page `` drinking coffee in the morning '' , that posts photos like `` happy birthday to the bravest president putin '' or , which made me laugh because it 's so idiotic - this page `` drinking coffee in the morning '' posted some shitty photo of nuclear mushroom with the text `` we do n't want ww3 '' . 
  god , i 'm laughing even now . 
  imagine , page for drinking coffee and not wanting ww3 . 
  it 's funny how ukraine become `` country which builds its entire identity ... '' just after it was invaded by the russian army . 
  i guess before that it was `` country with traditions and culture , our best friend '' . 
  also , is n't this scene also sad and pathetic ? 
  * russia sends army * - hey , you , why did you send the army ? 
  what army ? 
  noo , no army , honestly !, 
  - yeah , right . 
  this army right here . 
  - noooo , they are not an army . 
  they are ... not russians . 
  probably aliens . 
  - yeah ? 
  they speak russian , have russian trucks , russian guns and uniforms . 
  - weeeell ... you see , they are ... tourists . 
  right , tourists . 
  actually , they are tourists who are not even there . 
  not that i want to defend the wehrmacht , buuut ... the winners write the history . 
  never seen video/thread or whatever , about americans and british being ashamed or guilty for bombing purely civilian targets in bulgaria - destroying sofia , killing almost only civilians - over 4 thousand civilians killed ( almost 5 thousand wounded ) and 22 bulgarian pilots - in dogfights . 
  without our army even participating in any active battles . 
  just pure bombings of the capital . 
  ( obviously war is awful for all the parties ) . 
  i mean , there are always two sides of every story . 
  oh , come on . 
  we all know that the slightest attempt of invasion of a single member of nato means economical / political / and so on suicide of russia . 
  we all saw what happened with the ruble after the sanctions and all the ugly shit in ukraine . 
  i 'm not that familiar with putin but he 's not such a retard . 
  edit . 
  `` theoretically '' , even if i 'm able to become a astronaut and fly in space in the next 36 hours , it wont happen . 
  hah , that 's interesting . 
  do n't want to sound mean or something , but it 's like a karma for pooping all over our internet . 
  i feel warmer inside . 
  no pun intended . 
  i 'm personally absolutely cool with the russian people , and some of them are free to think whatever they want ( i mean - no matter how crazy ) , if this does n't `` bother '' other peoples believes . 
  i mean - they can think europe is gay , or queen elizabeth is a dinosaur , or ... merkel is a martian . 
  as far as they do n't intend to really bother and make problems to their neighbouring countries , or to try to impose their politics to other countries . 
  the thing that personally angers me and bother me , is the huge amount of propaganda spreading on our websites . 
  lucky for you , you do n't have this poo all over your internet . 
  i 'm talking about tens of `` news '' websites ( propaganda , conspiracies and similar bullshit ) , about hundreds of comments under news stories in the respected and real news sites . 
  for example - article about ... new schools in bulgaria . 
  and the comments are - `` long live putin ! '', 
  `` russia is great '' `` russia will liberate us from the europe '' `` europe is gay '' . 
  you can imagine what happens under news about russia .
