  the images/places/way of life/cities i 've seen from the modern indian movies are something i 'm not interested to see in real life . 
  though movies are made to over represent some things , for example we make a lot of movies with criminals , mafia and stuff ... so it would seem very scary for someone to come here . 
   it 's funny , but these days our national tvs are full of indian series , so you could expect waves of interested housewives and retired old people visiting india because of '' \u092c\u093e\u0932\u093f\u0915\u093e \u0935\u0927\u0941 '' . 
  tomatoes , peppers , onion , garlic , carrot ... it has different receipts . 
  you know what , do you know any bulgarians or have bulgarian friends ? 
  i 'm serious , just tell them `` guys , i want to try real `` liutenitsa '' with real bulgarian white cheese ! '' . 
  they will be happy to give you and it would be the greatest breakfast ever , i 'm not kidding . 
  talking about food - there was a video of americans ( in the us ) , where they had visited a restaurant with balkan cuisine . 
  they felt like they were in paradise :d ah , there it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndm6qyxhgmc, 
  peanut butter - never had it in my life . 
  i 'm not sure i 've met it somewhere in the stores , but you could probably find it in the bigger chains ... and probably at least someone eats it . 
  jam/jelly/preserves - yep . 
  we even have them home made , 'cause it 's better . 
  almost every family does it . 
  ready to eat meals - nope ... agian , we probably have them in the bigger chains , but i do n't think people buy them a lot . 
  common breakfast items - '' \u043b\u044e\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0430 '' . 
  this , for example : http://www.supichka.com/files/images/712/liutenica_4.jpg nomnomnomnomnom do n't know if it looks scary to you but it 's awesome . 
  made by tomatoes , peppers and other stuff . 
  cereals - they are sold in the stores but i do n't eat these stuff . 
  it 's not tasty to me ... common beverages - basically everything common condiments - the same as everywhere else , i guess ... 
  but also a lot of home made stuff ( like the one i 've shown ) that are like a thousand times better than the chemistry in the stores . 
  most of the countries have their own charm . 
  i think it 's easier to say where i would not choose to go - probably most of the african countries , also the countries with active war going on , north korea and probably the countries from the ex soviet union ( 'cause it 's kinda the same sh * t anyway ) . 
  also would n't go to india and pakistan ( no offence ) . 
  the rest of the world would be interesting for me to see . 
  upvote for nice reference , 
  yes , sorry i did n't clarify  i meant it - as something from beyond the ocean :d, 
  never met american beers . 
  i think i 've seen corona , but it 's expensive as fuck and i 'm not sure it will compete with the cheaper european stuff ( no offence ) . 
  i wonder if american drinks some of the ... harder european beers , what would he think about it . 
  if there was no corruption and stealing , we could create like ... 10 space programs . 
  : / we would colonise mars before monday . 
  it 's really interesting  we never actually think about our yearly salary ... and about our weekly salary . 
  very rarely some of the `` jobs '' - like promotions or putting commercials into the people 's post boxes mention a daily salary , but it 's mostly on `` civil contract '' . 
  probably some culturologist could make a scientific article about it :d, 
  i think it 's mostly about cultural differences . 
  for example here when we talk about salary we talk about monthly wage - before or after taxes . 
  as far as i know , in the uk they most often talk about weekly salary , but in the us , when they talk about salary , they mention their wage for the whole year . 
  for example , here the minimum salary is around 215 euros a month before taxes , which would be 2580 euros minimum salary a year . 
  it 's all the same , 'cause our lev is in a constant relation to the euro . 
  actually it would be more convenient , because i would have only euro in my savings . 
  fight the corruption . 
  actually - send our politicians to mars . 
  without space suits . 
  fight the crimes . 
  actually - send our criminals to venus . 
  without space suits . 
  become more functionally literate . 
  give books to the people who do n't read . 
  do n't send them to space . 
  and then i can have a good evening beer . 
  16 degrees in the bedroom ? 
  i think i would freeze to death . 
  right now in my room it 's perfect for me ( no heating or cooling turned on ) and it 's 24 degrees . 
  macedonia . 
  * sigh *, 
  if you hear that someone had graduated a private university - you can be sure he 's most probably stupid and rich . 
  the educational system itself is in pretty bad shape , and the private universities are one of the most ridiculous parts of it . 
  one of the stupidest things is participating in the invasion of czechoslovakia in 1968 . 
  we love you , guys . 
  i guess we have different `` stereotypical '' robberies that are happening . 
  the main problem in bulgaria are the gypsies that rob old people in the villages . 
  it would be ... `` okay '' ... if they just had stealing everything they see , as they always did before ( and i mean - everything , not just animals ... ) , but they also rape the old people , beat them ( to death ) or just kill them to get their pensions . 
  these fckers are not armed with guns , but mostly with knives and axes . 
  i would n't care if i see some of these fckers with brain splashed on the wall , by some old man with a gun , actually i would celebrate it , but you 've never seen the videos of the old people crying , all in bruises , beaten like animals , that i 've seen on our news , so you do n't know how it feels . 
  talking about `` over the top '' , as far as i remember one painter of icons ( orthodox religious pictures , do n't know if it 's in other types of christianities as well ) was sentenced to prison for shooting a drug addict who just had robbed his place . 
  i think there was no explicit need for shooting him , though , 'cause his life was n't threatened , but still - drug addict in your home . 
  it was kind of disputable case . 
  this guy had his time in prison . 
  but there were also other cases - one man shot a robber with a knife , who was trying to kill him with the knife ... and this guy was also sentenced . 
  if i have to be serious - laws for defending your property . 
  here it 's kind of paradoxical , that if a robber enters your home and somehow you have a gun and wound/kill the robber ( who could be armed with an axe for example and who could kill you , as it often happens in the villages ) , so if you wound/kill this fucker ... you can go to jail . 
  seriously , i envy the laws in the us for protecting your home and family . 
  the best is probably orient express but i guess you do n't have that in mind . 
  ( it 's also expensive as fuck : / ), 
  we use only grams ( kgs ) and mls ( liters ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrjcsntolfq ) is eastern europe . 
  to be honest , i would n't do it ( male in my 20s ) , but even girls often do it ( even schoolgirls ) and it seems that it 's safe . 
  we 're pretty old country - established in 681 , keeping the same name since then . 
  but we 've had two periods - when we were under byzantium rule - 1018-1185 , and under ottoman rule ( slavery ) - 1396-1878 ( which is almost 500 years , but the country , nationality , culture was still preserved . ), 
  during these periods the history is mainly about the revolts and the attempts for freedom . 
  we 've had great heroes , especially in the 19th century , probably the greatest bulgarians who ever lived . 
  after all - we haven 'd tone anything of great importance ( technology , cultural impact on the world ... ) except that , also - we did n't have our own rulers and we do n't care that much about the rulers of our invaders . 
  but yes , great heroes ... , 
  conscripting - impossible . 
  very expensive . 
  pointless . 
  practically impossible . 
  used as a topic for speculation and by populist politicians , thought it 's indeed impossible to be renewed . 
  most of the young people would n't like to go somewhere to waste their time with idiots shouting pointless orders , especially because the things are way different than 30 years go . 
  before the conscription in our country was used to break the individual and to turn it into frightened and obeying zombie , while conscripts were beaten and basically tortured , while the officers were idiots with the lowest possible iq . 
  also - spend an impossible amount of money for pointless task , while taking a good percentage of the young work force and putting it in `` prisons '' , while this percentage could work , educate , just ... move the state forward ... and while our economy is not the best . 
  so yeah ... 
  the army - well , it 's not one of the most useful institutions , i mean - the stereotype is that they are guys who had not found anything else to do , so they enlisted . 
  also - there are many jokes in bulgaria that the soldiers are the dumbest people of all . 
  in historical aspect we 're very , very proud of our army , though . 
  but now ... meh ... 
  it 's also like ... our own child . 
  it could be stupid , it could be ugly and weak , but it 's ours , so kind if ... we 're sympathetic to the institution . 
  military spending - i 'm kind of okay with that , just if it 's used for something useful .
