  because we had no economical or such restrictions , we also got a lot of stuff for free , and very good economical relations . 
  if we 're talking about forced movement into ghettos , ironically now the gypsies are in ghettos they created themselves . 
  also - if they move to a new place , they turn it into ghettos . 
  as i hear from the news , now it 's turn to sweden , which , honestly , makes me a bit sad and angry for the country . 
  about working camps - ( of course such stuff should not exist but ) maan ... let 's not start if this big percentage of populations must work and not get all the social benefits and just make babies . 
  it 's a long story :d :d :d, 
  uuhm , nope ... bulgaria and germany have strong relations even before the war , also during the war . 
  so he had years `` to do so '' ... 
  i wondered on that too ... what the hell ... 
  to be honest , it 's about country . 
  for us the nazis did nothing bad and wrong . 
  and then the soviets came and then shit begun . 
  i 'm not trolling or anything , it 's just history . 
  for us is a shitty day . 
  as they said - dictate , concentration camps and mass extermination begun . 
  another old communist joke : americans heard of the communist manifestations and decided they should try to send assassins to kill our dictator on that day , because it should be easier - a lot of people , noise , communists showing themselves to the people , and so on ... 
  they sent one agent . 
  waited for results , but no news , nothing ... 
  he disappeared . 
  sent another one next year . 
  the same thing - he i not returning . 
  they are wondering what happens , probably the secret police is so strong here , that they have found the assassins ... 
  so they pick their best agent . 
  train him even more , all kinds of martial arts , prepared him as good as they could . 
  send him . 
  the day of the manifestation comes and goes ... after a few days he returns , all in bruises , with clothes ripped off , in really bad condition . 
  they ask him : dude , what the hell happened ? 
  why do you look like that ?!, 
  and he says : - well , everything was fine in the beginning . 
  i managed to sneak into the crowd , the communist manifestation started , and as we were passing near the tribune with the communists politicians and i took my gun out to take the shot all the people around me jumped onto me and started fighting and shouting : `` give it to me , i wan na do it , please , please , give it to me ! '', 
  thank you very much , great work . 
  it would be interesting to see what is the percentage given for the 2 children ( how is the graph made ) , so we could see how it would apply for bulgaria . 
  i 'm too pretty sure that the hours would raise drastically ... 
  oh , as you mentioned attack ( \u0410\u0442\u0430\u043a\u0430 ) , they basically started as a fake and populist version of a nazi party . 
  their leader was trying to copy adolf , you know , the usual shit . 
  and today they showed on the news how they invited couple of old veterans from russia , with soviet uniforms and communist symbols , singing songs and shit ... the members of the attack party applauding with the biggest smiles , so imagine how retarded that looks . 
  basically - rubles . 
  turn the `` nazi '' into the biggest `` communist '' in 0.3 seconds . 
  we so poor we no move out of poverty : /, 
  what ? 
  an evil capitalist rent-a-car ? 
  how could you !, 
  at least , hope it was moskvich , comrades !, 
  this sounds like a story from a tarantino movie :d, 
  the country is completely full of beautiful women . 
  can confirm . 
  very well said . 
  ( for the others ) what you mean is that even in the next country you can see a little bit different genetics , faces and so on , and it 's somehow unfamiliar and that makes it very attractive . 
  we 're not talking about `` exotic-exotic '' like darker skin or asian race , just a little bit `` exotic '' like these slavic girls are to me ( because the percentage of blond girls here is waaay smaller ) , so these girls are niiice . 
  it 's like the majority of norway girls does n't look like that . 
  scandinavians are also super-duper blond and niiice . 
  ( i 've never been to norway or around , but i think so :p ), 
  si budem stale nezamestnany :d also - offtopic , but you 're living in one of the most beautiful/attractive countries . 
  buut . . it 's still around a thousand euro saved every month , ( considering you 'll need some unexpected expenses every year ) which for almost everyone is a lot . 
  : / even the big companies do n't pay a lot to everyone . 
  it 's a long topic , though , 
  i do n't think there are steroids involved . 
  it 's just the huge amount of bicycle riding ... you can check the other cyclists , they are the same . 
  he could kick you to death . 
  `` dunaj '' in polish , if i remember correctly , right ? 
  umm ... you agree we 're bros ? 
  that 's something nice to hear from macedonia . 
  +1 for danube :p edit - this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ctyymbbel4, 
  probably that 's his way of complaining that his trip to bulgaria lacked bigger boxes of ice cream . 
  niiice !, 
  arrest all the fckers !, 
  we need a good cleaning too !, 
  well said . 
  i was going to comment separately , but read your comment . 
  the reason here is the shitty salaries , the expensive rents and just the impossibility to live on your own with some starting average salary . 
  the only chance to live on your own is if you 're from the province and go to sofia , where you can start some average job that somehow lets you to live with other ( strangers at first ) people in some ( often ) shitty flat with couple of rooms . 
  if you 're from the province , let 's say some of the bigger cities , and you want to start a job and to live separately , often they will pay you something like 200 euro neto , while the rents themselves are ( including electricity and water ) around 150 euro . 
  or ... yeah ... you can live in a single shitty room for ( let 's say ) 100 eur . 
  so that 's why it 's better to live in your nice and big apartment with parents , while saving these money . 
  because shitty salaries . 
  we , bulgarians , often say that the people in the civilized europe live easier , because they do n't feel the life so `` heavy '' , meaning - they do n't worry that much about the money . 
  and believe me , even if you worry about the money and salary , here it 's worse ... : / edit . 
  - of course , there are for example programmers or guys in some foreing companies and stuff , who are getting more normal salaries and they can live without a problem in some nice rented flat . 
  but i 'm talking about the majority . 
  yep , the biggest terrorist act in the world . 
  it 's still the biggest in bulgaria . 
  yeah ... if only there were countries from the ex-socialists one that are in eu . 
  it 's somehow . . sad and funny how `` retard '' russia is since ( including ) the soviet union . 
  at first the soviet union was going to win over the eeevil capitalism , because the capitalism is `` rotten '' and gon na fall apart very soon , and so on and so on ... and the so called capitalism was evolving and modernizing , while the soviet union ( and the other communist countries ) were living decades in the past in comparison - way of thinking , technologies and so on . 
  it was just ... pathetic . 
  but that 's in the past . 
  not that i 'm hating on russia or something , but now we see that : russia decides it can play strong , also to get crimea . 
  manages to get crimea but loses the whole country of ukraine , with all the economical and other relationships , which would have survived if there was n't that invasion and war , and if there was just a change of government and pro-western politics . 
  if ukraine entered eu with peace and maintained good relations with russia , i guess it would be beneficial for the both countries , since ukraine would be some kind of bridge between the eu and russia . 
  russia itself would n't be in isolation . 
  so ... basically russia was the best while it had more open and democratic ( at least ) face for the rest of the world . 
  while it was quite . 
  now it showed some muscles , and got rekt . 
  sanctions , isolation and so on ... 
  it sounds a bit off topic , but my thought is - russia stays quiet . 
  it 's okay . 
  russia tries to do something - get 's fcked . 
  so i do n't think it will be able to do anything or to break unity , or else something worse will happen with her . 
  the most russia can do is buy political parties , that would recruit couple of idiots to yell `` russia , russia '' and wave flags . 
  also - trolls .
