  recently i bought a plastic bag of milk and the milk itself was awful :( the best option for the people here , though , is to buy milk from people who own cows and who sell it themselves  you know it 's pure milk , cleanly done , nothing added . 
  it 's cheaper and better . 
  the milk in the shops has almost nothing in common . 
  it 's not legal , but it 's everywhere . 
  there are prostitutes on the roads . 
  i think there are `` brothels '' but they are in the clubs . 
  to be honest , i 'm not that familiar with the `` business '' . 
  i presume the owners and the pimps pay to the police to not be arrested or disturbed . 
  i think the majority of the prostitutes are gypsies but i guess there are a lot of bulgarians too . 
  `` what do people think about it '' - well , i guess they find their clients - these on the roads - truck drivers , these in the brothels or `` private workers '' find their clients too . 
  but i ca n't mentally comprehend why someone `` average '' looking or slightly `` bellow average '' will go to a prostitute . 
  even if i do n't have a relationship for a while i still could find a girl if it 's just for sex . 
  i mean , some of the prostitutes i 've seen - i would n't accept a significant amount of money to sleep with them , let alone - to pay them to do it . 
  just do n't get it . 
  it 's ... almost `` unimaginable '' . 
  most of the girlfriends would go mad , especially if they are more jealous . 
  something like : `` why did you tell her that ? 
  do you know her from somewhere ? 
  do you think she 's prettier than me ? 
  you want to f * ck her , right ? 
  did you f * ck her already ? 
  how do you dare telling her that she 's beautiful ( has beautiful eyes ) !, 
  why did you looked at her at the first place ? 
  do you check other girls out ? '', 
  basically shit like this . 
  there are girls who are more chill , but the majority ... yeah ... 
  it would be weird as hell . 
  the girl would always think there are other motives , like the boyfriend wants to cheat on her , or wants to make her jelaous ... pff , even some neanderthals ( males , probably and females ) could get into fight in the club , if he thinks someone looked at the butt of his girlfriend . 
  but these are indeed idiots . 
  damn , that makes me realize we 're still pretty `` conservative '' in comparison . 
  :d edit . 
  it 's funny how it 's a some way of cultural difference . 
  i mean , for the more western parts it 's absolutely cool and normal , but i imagine the hypotethical situation of having a dutch girlfriend , and we 're somewhere out , and she tells another boy `` you have pretty eyes '' or `` pretty ... ass '' for example . 
  i would n't get * that * mad or jelaous , but i will be thinking `` wtf ... why does she tell him that ?!, 
  is he like ... her ex boyfriend or she want 's something with him ? '', 
  ... while there are no other motives , and actually it 's normal . 
  talking about the netherlands and cultural differencies ... a ( bulgarian ) friend of mine lives in the netherlands , and she told me how , for example , it 's considered completely normal and okay if a boy tells to another girl that she has beautiful eyes or hair , basically - to make a compliment ( even if she indeed does have them ) , in front of his girlfriend . 
  here if something like that happen , the boy would have to sleep next couple of months on the couch :d probably wars had started for less :d, 
  i had a relationship with a hungarian girl once . 
  she 's living in hungary now , though . 
  she 's amazing , a girl made of fire . 
  still only great feelings towards her . 
  i feel that the majority of our girls , in comparison with the hungarian girl , are as `` warm '' as a dead lizard in a freezer . 
  jobs.bg for bulgaria, 
  i guess most of the ethnic dutch would n't be that stupid , to do such things . 
  ( it 's not `` racism '' , it 's just statistics . 
  as , for example , huge percentage of the pickpockets abroad are not ... german , italian , spanish , but bulgarian gypsies . ), 
  thinking about it ... as far as i know , some of our bus companies are owned by people in ... the shady business ... with the thick necks . 
  so if someone is stupid enough to rob their busses or cause trouble , he will have bad times . 
  he will not have the luck to be found by the lazy and useless police . 
  edit . 
  the video somehow makes me angry . 
  the poor bus driver is working his ass off , working hardly and honestly for a salary and so on , and some fcker is coming with a shotgun , taking even his phone . 
  maan , i wish they lock up this fcker . 
  [ this ] ( http://spodeli.eu/statii/nay-kurioznite-biseri-ot-kazarmata-koito-razsmivat-ot-sartse-22-10-2015-01-23-28.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://airgroup2000.com/gallery/albums/userpics/12122/2_%cc%e8%e3_15.jpg ), 
  go go rakija rangers mighty drinking rakija rangeeeersss ( music ), 
  yep . 
  it is rakija . 
  how do you , as a british person , find the using of double tap sinks , in comparison ... ? 
  robbing busses ? 
  wtf , sweden ? 
  never heard about busses robbed here . 
  we `` just '' have retards breaking the windows of busses and trains . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are bulgarian yourself . 
  what do you think , do we cause ( also - our neighbour romanians ) troubles where we go ? 
  as far as i know , we 're ( ethnic bulgarians ) kinda cool and hard working people . 
  where i live we have like ... bulgarian mafia , bulgarian corruption , even most of the criminals are with bulgarian passports . 
  not kidding . 
  trying to go full retard every means possible . 
  ( not saying that at the same time the us does n't have one of the worst elections , but ... ) the paradox is , that putin theoretically has positive ratings . 
  does someone know what is the one good thing he did ? 
  all i can see is : - war and making one of your closest countries one of your biggest enemies . 
  - epically fucking up the ruble . 
  - political isolation of russia . 
  - economical isolation of russia , which is not good for everyone . 
  - basically screwing up with the economy of the country , while making ... weapons . 
  when people complain about the bad economy - `` naah , it 's okay , you can live through it '' . 
  - and do n't let me start about how it 's resembling more and more the stalinism . 
  i expect soon huge statues of putin , his photo in every home and every morning the children in the kindergarten to swear their loyalty to the glorious leader . 
  i have the feeling that medvedev ( though considered his ... puppy ) was waaay more sane and during his term russia had way , way warmer relations with the world , also - more stable economy , even if it did n't have `` armata '' . 
  no , but i think we should . 
  if someone decides to end his life there 's no way of stopping him , so there should be more dignified ways to do it . 
  however ( i 've watched documentaries on it - it 's done by come chemicals / pills ) , i think there should be a bit more pleasant way to do it . 
  there was a video about a project - rollercoaster , where the person dies , but dies with the feeling of euphoria . 
  basically all of our candidate presidents suck . 
  we 're having elections almost at the same time with the americans . 
  one of the retards , ex-pilot , said , he will fight against the `` chemtrails '' . 
  jesus christ ... . we have also couple of ... just people who do n't know what they are doing there , and who basically clowns . 
  i guess i should buy my ticket to canada . 
  bulgarian here . 
  i think i know what is it about ... 
  here mercedes and bmw are considered cars driven by idiots , pseudo `` mafians '' and shady businessmen , and similar people . 
  i guess it 's because of the 90s , the decade when the newly made mafia was spreading all over the place , driving mostly bmws . 
  it has something to do with the typical kitschy style ... like an unleashed monkey in the banana plantation - something from the west - it must have it . 
  also the rich gypsies ( pickpockets and scammers ) drive only mercedes and bmw , so that 's also a reason for a `` bad '' fame . 
  which is kind of unfortunate , because they are really great machines , who work even on our shitty streets , second hand , imported from germany , probably with rolled back mileage . 
  ( many ordinary people drive them too , of course . ), 
  again , i personally think , that these are one of the best and most reliable machines , but here they are driven by such kind of people . 
  it 's somehow funny when i think about it , but i never thought about going to albania , and i 'm sure it would actually be great ... hm ... 
  i think it would be a good idea if albania was shown more to the people here , as commercials and stuff ... also i do n't remember seeing albanians here .
