  imagine , as i 've watched a lot of documentaries about isis , someone , who goes to syria to rape , torture , kill and basically commit genocide , cut heads , to execute civilians and to behave like an wild animal ... and then denmark says : oh , it 's okay , you 're welcome back !, 
  here , have a apartment and `` whatever you need '' . 
  just ... it 's sad and at the same time it feels so crazy . 
  you are a state when you 're recognised by the world , when you have a government , politics , systems and shit . 
  not when you 're being bombed the fuck out of by the world , 
  because it 's islamic , but it is n't a state . 
  hug and a free apartment . 
  oh , wait , this was denmark . 
  dude ... imagine ... if one day north korea is in nato !, 
  ( though it 's more likely that one day nato is in north korea :d ), 
  as far as i know malmo is full of our gypsies . 
  but they 're ( fortunately ) `` not famous '' for blowing up stuff . 
  duuuude , here unemployment is around 11 percent ( and for that percentage are also `` guilty '' most of the gypsies , because literally almost 80 % of them are unemployed and on benefits ) and still we think that the economy is seriously fcked up , and there 's no job for the young and educated . 
  hope your economy gets better soon !, 
  that moment , when you prefer blowing yourself up , than going back to bulgaria . 
  somehow the article sounds to me like : do you need cheap and educated slaves and a place where you can move your business ? 
  do you want people who would work specialised professions often with more than one foreign language and will get paid way less than a german lazy part-time mcdonalds toilet cleaner ? 
  choose bulgaria !, 
  do n't know if it could be considered `` local news '' , but it was reported minutes ago on our tv channels as well . 
  how can i resist you ? 
  for punishment , i guess :-|, 
  yeah , our news said it too . 
  we dodged the ~ ~ bullet ~ ~ bomb this time . 
  well , it 's probably time to make a permanent thread `` today 's terror act '' . 
  :( rest in peace for the victim :(, 
  the irony ... 
  i giggled too :d, 
  in this year of political nonsenses , the next idiotic thing that could happen is one retard to destroy a whole powerful military alliance . 
  true that  there are also other ... problems . 
  indeed , we love when we get anything for free , but there 's also the factor of the economy differences between countries . 
  for example , here the minimum net salary is something around ... less than 200 usd per month . 
  if we have to buy windows , photoshop and other software , we 're fcked . 
  we just `` feel '' the economical impact of buying some software not the same as the germans , or swedish people do . 
  indeed , we could use free alternatives ( linux ) , but , well ... we have the ( immoral ) possibility of downloading expensive stuff for free and we do it . 
  or , let 's say , movies . 
  i prefer to watch a movie in english , because it keeps the natural `` spice '' of the dialogues and what not . 
  if i watch some movie dubbed in bulgarian , it 's lost half of the dialogues ' meanings . 
  and of course - if we have n't downloaded some amazing american / british shows , series or movies , we would n't even know about them , because they would never be on our television . 
  someone mentioned netflix , as far as i know it was made available here may be just a month ago . 
  now i imagine couple of pigs having a barbecue and baking human steaks . 
  give that man an apartment and a hug !, 
  my face when we 've had colder temperatures here down south than iceland ... ( i know , the oceans keep it warm , so to speak  ), 
  yep , we 've had -35 , but we also have had almost +45 couple of years ago . 
  weather here is craaaazy . 
  ah , that explains a lot . 
  thanks . 
  people try to run away from communism and ex-communist countries , and this `` genius '' went there ... not sure if he 's psychically normal . 
  so , basically : denmark : - yeah , you can go to syria . 
  no problem !, 
  go there , cut some heads , kill some infidels , rape some women and kids , torture some people , have some slaves , have fun , jamal !, 
  yeah , of course you are welcome back when you get bored of all the beheading and raping !, 
  you know what we are going to do to you ? 
  we gon na hug you and give you an apartment !, 
  well , if there 's a civil war in turkey ( god forbids !, 
  ) , we would be really close to an unstable country that was always a like buffer in recent years ... hope everything is okay , guys !, 
  oh shit oh shit we 're so close, 
  nah , we 're all bros now . 
  we love each other . 
  but to be honest , i 'm really happy bulgaria was n't part of yugoslavia . 
  hehe , here olx is a website just for selling and buying stuff , that 's why probably other people wonder about it, 
  i know how you feel , bros. ... 
  the situation is really shitty here too :(, 
  because europe , in a way , is retarded . 
  `` ohh , he wears a huge beard , dressed in black , often says that infidels should be killed in the name of allah and everybody should bow to the jihadi warriors and isis ? 
  noooo , we ca n't investigate/arrest/stop him , it could hurt his feelings ! '', 
  this sounds like a exaggeration , but i 've watched a documentary on british islamists that freely ... basically do exactly that ... even laugh and enjoy the isis videos during an interview ... and soon - there 's a video of one of them cutting heads of prisoners for isis . 
  there was a video of one priest fcking a prostitute ( as far as i remember ) in the monastery . 
  it is well known that many of the priests are gays and fck each other in the monasteries , they also have `` gay '' names , it 's sad and ridiculous at the same time . 
  for us it 's sad , because the monasteries are one of the most sacred symbols of faith and hope , because for 500 years of slavery they managed to save many books , teachings , history and so on ... so we did n't disappear as bulgarians . 
  and now it 's just this ... edit . 
  - sorry , you asked about links - the porn itself aint interesting , but : there was a very popular video taken from a skype conversation with one of the gay monks , where he told everything about the orgies and shit in the monasteries , but it 's in bulgarian . 
  screenshot : http://www.novini.bg/uploads/videos_pictures/2013-48/big/5773.jpg bulgarian priest with his limousine : http://www.plovdiv.utre.bg/images/articles/2013/03/158397//865c0c0b4ab0e063e5caa3387c1a8741a666bfb27f0a2170d540171afa30d94b.jpg priest with rolex : http://www.gustonews.bg/repository/originals/media-38075-pic.jpg, 
  when i remember that our priests drive expensive limousines and wear rolex watch , somehow i do n't feel they represent my religious believes . 
  to be honest , this institution is ... way more corrupt than it should be . 
  at least here . 
  i hope the other orthodox churches behave better . 
  edit . 
  ah , yes , also make orgies in the monasteries . 
  all documented on video . 
  meeeh , we do n't even need any fleet !, 
  we gon na send a squad of amphibian gypsies and the whole russian black sea fleet will be disassembled and sold for scrap in under 24 hours . 
  yeah , no way he would n't :d, 
  http://dnes.dir.bg/news/glaven-prokuror-burki-jihad-sotir-tzatzarov-22325565 for example - article ( in bulgarian ) . 
  shitty translation because i 'm a bit busy right now ( but you can google translate the article or ask another bulgarian ) : wearing of burkas in pazardzhik started by purely financial reasons . 
  the investigation found paying of 120 levs ( around 60 euros ) every month for a woman , to wear burka . 
  that said in front of journalists in plovdiv the chief prosecutor ( main investigator ? 
  fuck me if i know how it 's in english , but it 's the boss guy of all the courts , investigations and shit ) sotir cacarov , quoted by darik radio and `` focus '' ... 
  khm , actually he 's right . 
  it sounds `` crazy '' , but it 's a official statement and is investigated by the police . 
  for example - in the gypsy ghetto in pazardzhik , where gypsies ( not '' \u0422urks '' , not muslims , but gypsies ) live , suddenly these people started saying they are muslims and their women started covering their faces . 
  it 's funny , because it looks like if ... tomorrow you start saying you are chinese or african , or a giraffe . 
  and i 'm not talking about a process that took one or two years , it was really quick . 
  also there are proofs that everything is funded by saudi arabia , so you should n't be that sceptic about it . 
  hopefully no one wants to go with a ski mask or a wedding veil in school . 
  yes , it 's kind of ridiculous . 
  `` islamist killed people and did a terrorist act ? 
  please , i want guy ritchie to make a film about it !, 
  right now serbia is listening to some blues and eats ice cream with the big spoon . 
  is this the same kind of logic where anti-fascists are against free speech and basically behave like fascists , and where giving free housing and other benefits to jihadists , who returned from omitting mass killings , torture , executions and so on in syria , is somehow gon na stop isis ? 
  and i say that the headline is trying to show the irony , the hypocrisy and even the uselessness of the modern pseudo-feminism , because while some `` feminists '' complain about complete bullshit and do n't do anything actually useful , meanwhile in some parts of the world women are not considered equal human beings to the men .
