  it 's not blaming anyone , it 's just - when you eat , you have to pay . 
  i 'm lost somewhere in the sarcasm :d never mind ... 
  wait , what ? 
  really ? 
  because on our tv news they said the banks will be closed till ( possibly ) friday . 
  it was something like 20 million euros , if i remember correctly . 
  romania is actually doing the change about corruption and bulgarians are watching with joy , almost getting orgasms when watching that lady - prosecutor , doing her job . 
   i 'm pretty sure romania is on the right way . 
  i think it 's more of the second thing . 
  'cause it sounds like : yeah , fuck you europe , fuck the euro , you what ? 
  you want me to go out of here , you evil fascists !, 
  but yeah ... dear people ... 
  i do n't want any of eu commission to be angry so it 's better for them not to see my face ... 
  be sure , every one in europe wishes that greece starts their recovery soon . 
  well , my friend , so how weird then is to elect a socialist government that promises more social benefits , like free transport in atina with loss for about 5 million euros , and not a government that would take care for the state itself ? 
  it 's just frau merkel 's emotions ... : / edit - btw , i 've always wondered , how the people in germany see her ? 
  here she 's seen as an good and strong politician , but it 's not a surprise . 
  i agree , that the situation with that unemployment is bad . 
  i can just imagine how it is , with such huge percentage not working people . 
  that just makes things worse , you know , taxes , production and everything . 
  it sucks . 
  but there could be some equilibrium reached . 
  could be - before that . 
  the problem is that there was a huge chain of events and bad decisions . 
  which continues ... 
  yea , lets give our pensioners a 1000 euros pensions and see how much we could continue with such an economy, 
  oh , i just giggled, 
  so let 's say the prices are 100 percent more expensive in greece ( at most ) , but the pensions are around 600 percents bigger , let 's say - 500 percents . . well ... you see where the problems are . 
  edit - average pensions in bulgaria are around 160 euros plus bonuses , but as i 've heard in greece they get sweet stuff like 13th pension or something ... here we 're europoor :d, 
  if you eat - you have to pay . 
  if you want to eat expensive food - you pay more . 
  if you do n't have the money and you take loan - you 're expected to return it . 
  now you know how the things work . 
  ookay ... then you do n't take loans . 
  then you give smaller pensions - for example in bulgaria they are around 150 euros . 
  not 1 000 euros . 
  then you take more taxes . 
  you know how it works , do n't you ? 
  it 's not about solidarity , fck the solidarity . 
  it 's about paying the check after you had a nice meal . 
  and i feel sympathy for greece and i wish them everything to be fine !, 
  most probably . 
  that 's what the eu citizens will watch with interest ( and sympatics ) in the recent days ... 
  the thing is , no one knows what will happen now . 
  ... and having no money by tuesday . 
  shit was so hard then ... 
  i sure do n't wish to greece to witness something like that , especially when they 're not used to even the slightest economies . 
  as the other guy said , as far as economists/politicians say the branches of the greek banks are more independent than we think . 
  they are under bulgarian jurisdiction , which means they ca n't do anything with the money here . 
  we have couple of greek banks ourselves - post bank , alpha bank , obb , pireos bank , yet i think they will not go bankrupt . 
  though , if something happens , i think then the people will get pissed off . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i 've listened to the whole album , it 's amazing !, 
  it 's interesting how the music could be different . 
  if you ask me , i feel some melancholic feeling in the greek music and art . 
  do n't know if this could apply to all of it and to the newer folkloric music , but the things i 've listened to have that feel . 
  it 's somehow the melancholy of the big and open seas , it has passion , but more ... sad and philosophical , dreamy passion , while bulgarian traditional music ( also - serbian , hungarian and the middle of europe ) have a bit different kind of energy - more like storms or fire type of passion . 
  even in the so famous sirtaki you can feel it . 
  ( unfortunately i still have n't seen the movie , but i 've watched an amazing ballet-musical on it . ), 
  it 's so interesting !, 
   edit - that 's the ballet i 've had the luck to watch - zorba the greek , sirtaki ( bad quality kind of ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asy9mlrb3oo, 
   i 'm pretty sure all the people wish you to get better and everything in greece to be fine . 
  i think most of the negativity and dividing comes from politicians , because sometimes they profit of it . 
  : / but it 's a long and dirty topic , and it 's not suitable for me to talk about it under such a nice pieces of art , as the shared music , 
  it 's amazing !, 
  thank you !, 
  ... speaking about greek art - i want to also thank you for giving us sappho - one of the purest , most gentle poetry ever ... 
  i 'm in love with her style . 
   wish you all the best !, 
  greetings from bulgaria !, 
  that 's racist !, 
  same here , neighbors . 
  the latest trend is to go to sweden to beg for money , that way making a loooot of money without moving their finger . 
  tarator ( \u0422\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0442\u043e\u0440 ) is a nice bulgarian example of cold soup made by yogurt , cucumber and that spice thing you see on the photo . 
  you can put a bit of garlic if you want too . 
  http://cdn-parismatch.ladmedia.fr/var/news/storage/images/paris-match/actu/societe/hollande-paris-est-aujourd-hui-la-capitale-du-monde-687180/angela-merkel-et-francois-hollande/6905282-1-fre-fr/angela-merkel-et-francois-hollande.jpg naah , look how romantic they look < 3  ) ), 
  now you know how it is . 
  if you want , we can send you couple of hundred thousands more . 
  what about our primer minister ... http://e-vestnik.bg/imgs/bulgaria/borisov_shlifer.jpg ( older photo ) http://www.sofia.bg/pictss/bb2.jpg, 
  :d `` exchange territories '' - basically take the signs that say you 're entering another country and move them a little bit to the side . 
  bulgaria ca n't into schengen : /, 
  : / it 's a bit offtopic , but i 've always said that this is one of the stupidest things bulgaria did in historical plan ( participating in this ugly invasion ) , as the revolutionary thinking happening in czechoslovakia at that time was one of the best things happening in the eastern block . 
  two years ago that happened : http://m3.netinfo.bg/media/images/7512/7512211/655-402-rozovo-cheshki-pametnik.jpg, 
  ants - anteaters - bears edit . 
  oh , wait , we do n't have anteaters, 
  also like black-white-red , 
  he ... :d, 
  and then god said : '' ... i say to you , love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you ... but if you really insist you can also shoot them with zsu , or akatsiya . '', 
  that reminds me how there was a video with the separatists shooting with artillery the airport and screaming `` jesus christ '' ( or something similar ... ) like a battle cry . 
  it was so cringy because of all the videos with `` allah akbar '' , also i somehow missed the god 's advice in the new testament to shell our enemies with artillery . 
  happy europe day , everybody !, 
  actually , very interesting topic . 
  i wonder what would be the consequences and reaction of our government , if theoretically the wehrmacht had won the ww2 and in future decades decided that the gypsy population needs to be taken into work camps or moved into ghettos ... 
  there are couple of points , though , we had similar historical precedent . 
  when germany asked for deportation of the bulgarian jews the bulgarian government just said - nope , we not gon na do it . 
  and that was it . 
  not a single shot fired because of that matter . 
  and so we became the first ( only ? ), 
  country to save their jews . 
  as far as i know germany was - okay , never mind .
