yes , yet we have nobody to represent us !, 
   to not be spoken for from the opposite side so what is your side ? 
  the tories ? 
  the tories do n't give a flying shit about you , or the majority of the british public . 
  i would rather have someone slightly further away influencing our policies ( influencing , not controlling ) and keep all the benefits of eu membership . 
  exactly , they behave like children and they should be treated like children . 
  imagine a family of 2 parents and 3 children . 
  if a vote is held to decide what will be had for meals , then sweets and chocolate would win every time . 
  this is because the children lack the knowledge about how their decision will affect them in the long-term . 
  good parents would listen to their requests for these bad foods , but ultimately prevent them from damaging themselves . 
   because they believe the eu is bad for its constituent nations please explain how so ? 
   but more they want to be sure they made the right choice i have come to the same conclusion . 
  when they realise that immigration will hardly change , they pretend that they voted for something else , such as ` taking back control ' . 
  all they will accomplish is to hand power to the ruthless conservatives . 
  just remember that not all of us wanted this . 
  we have been torn away from the eu against our will . 
  it 's not just scotland , there are many englanders who hate what the leave voters have done to our country . 
  the whole vote was a shambles . 
  sensible countries require a super majority to pass major changes like this . 
  the reality here is that there was no percentage requirement , but the politicians have screwed us for personal gain . 
  what a guy !, 
   i agree , it 's going to turn us in to a country similar to america , ruled by corporations who only care about profit . 
  did this not address that point ? 
  which part did you mean ? 
  i did n't think i had ignored anything . 
  i actually have nothing to come back from this . 
  i can definitely see where you 're coming from . 
  i just wish there was a solution which would n't screw the country economically . 
  [ saboteur etymology ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=saboteur+etymology&amp;oq=saboteurs+etypmolot&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0.4929j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ), 
  i agree , it 's going to turn us in to a country similar to america , ruled by corporations who only care about profit . 
  how do the working classes suffer the consequences ? 
   the first step in freedom for corporate rule . 
  by leaving or remaining ? 
  i understand how democracy works . 
  i also understand that just because the majority of voters decided something , that the whole country agrees with it . 
   right is just better at propaganda it 's a lot easier to get people to hate each other than to love each other . 
  but it does n't mean that they thought the eu would crash and burn , which is the comment i originally replied to . 
  i 'm not forgetting them . 
  they did n't vote to leave . 
   ~ ~ the uk ~ ~ 27 % of the uk population, 
  i think this is a simple , yet good analysis . 
  i agree , the eu is n't perfect , but i do n't think walking away is the answer . 
  it 's like a strained marriage which needs some couples ' therapy . 
  i wonder what will be blamed for the country 's problems after we have left the eu . 
   when asked , nobody can give a valid , objectively justifiable and logical reason to leave the eu . 
  i have often asked ` what are we actually gaining by leaving the eu ? 
  what positive difference will it make to our lives ? ', 
  i have yet to receive a decent answer . 
   undemocratic traitors i believe the word they used was ` saboteurs ' . 
  which is ironically of french origin . 
  at least when the nhs crumbles it 'll speed up proceedings . 
  if she wanted a man date so bad she should have downloaded tinder . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i have never disagreed with any of that . 
  i think you read in to my comment a little too deeply . 
   you do n't believe women should be responsible in this matter ? 
  it was this sentence . 
  i do n't understand how you inferred that from what i said . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  can you phrase it differently ? 
  this is ironic coming from a greek . 
  i 'm sure you can relate to that solution . 
  ' a tale as old as time ... ', 
  could this comment be any more aussie ? 
   what is delusional is that the people voting remain are either students , metropolitan employees , already rich pop figures , or people with a vested interest in existing european/uk trade/grants . 
  this is n't delusional thinking . 
   because we do n't have anything more to lose . 
  i 'm not doing great , so i 'll drag the country down with me . 
  great attitude . 
   it 's a clusterfuck , and the eu has not helped this case . 
  please elaborate . 
  it 's frustrating talking to brexiters because they are all so delusional about it . 
  they are n't the ones paying the price . 
  neither do half of us :(, 
  i 'm just pointing out that it 's unfeasible for me to do anything else , so i have no choice in living in a democracy . 
  it does not mean i have to accept the consequences of it . 
  it 's a pain in the ass . 
  i 'm 24 , just got settled in a decent job , i moved in with my girlfriend a year ago in to a house we both like in a city we love . 
  i 'm not , and should n't have to , uproot my whole life because some cunts in westminster ca n't identify a shit idea when they see one . 
  that is the most frustrating thing . 
  we already have a great deal with the eu and the people who voted out are throwing it all away . 
  yeah , i 'll just leave my job , family , and friends . 
  thanks for the great advice . 
  thanks for the kind words . 
  i truly am devastated . 
  there is no reasoning with the brexiteers either , they 're like a cult . 
  i dislike the arrogance and hatred displayed by so many in this country . 
  i think the media is very much to blame for the attitudes . 
  they are so hateful and racist . 
  they also scapegoat immigrants and the eu for the country 's problems , when in reality it is mostly our own politicians to blame . 
  what 's my alternative ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's europe 's problem . 
  i 'm pointing out that not all brits asked for this shit . 
  he is fully accountable for it , he has access to the internet and is capable of researching it for himself . 
   if you really believe god wants you to chop parts of yourself off [ think about it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8lkpgob.jpg ), 
  everyone is allowed an opinion , but that does n't exclude it from being a stupid opinion . 
  i 'm sorry for the idiots . 
  unfortunately , we have to share an island with them . 
  not all of us , remember that . 
  she 's fucking nuts .
