  would you like to argue your claim ? 
  [ how about the british one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uex5g-gos1k ), 
  until shengen , now borders do n't exist anymore ... 
  is this like a 4chan joke or something ? 
  reminds me of yes prime minister . 
  so what do you suppose we do instead of complaining about it on the internet . 
  so cowardism is trying to do something about the invade killing our countrymen . 
  care to argue your claim ? 
  fuck you too belgium, 
  umm , fuck that !, 
  i 'd pay 90 % taxes if it ment that the gov would buy more ships to send them back home . 
  dude this whole fidget spinner bullshit seems like the plot to a south park episode . 
  are n't those things made of concrete ? 
  how the fuck did he lift that ? 
  this is very good for you , in case of war , the belgians would just need to bomb the dykes . 
  edit : no guys , not the lesbians !, 
  we 're talking about belgium not molenbeekistan . 
   sweden  regulated imigration, 
  ok , well considering your opinion , we should either integrate them or refuse them , and as a fellow italian i can tell you that integration is impossible , these people have no desire in becoming italian . 
  the only possible other solution is to refuse them , send them back and then start a program where the eu screens immigrants in their own countries before they come here and let them in few at a time , that will stop them from creating african communities in italy and europe that will slow down integration . 
  but anyhow i do n't really think that we need immigrants . 
  our population is still growing . 
  edit : what we could benefit from are campaigns to increase european birth rates . 
  why , because people disagree with you ? 
  why not both . 
  i agree, 
  well how about they practice their freedom of speech in another country instead of coming here , because i think islamists do more harm to the democratic process than good . 
  what about the nazis and islamist ? 
   hands down hehehe not if you 're from the congo, 
  lol , what ever man !, 
  hahaha, 
  yes you did , trump 's changed the political scene , for the better or the worst , that 's why so many democrats voted for him , and so many republicans voted hillary . 
  i think he 's the first since reagan if i have my american history right do change politics so much . 
  how about we get rid of free movement instead ? 
  forgot guns , fn for the win bro . 
  quiet do n't get the germans exited for fortress europa again . 
  well there 's a split in those populations , the berbers say they 're berbers and arabs say they 're arabs . 
  i mean no one really knew what he wanted to do . 
  i meant christ i 'm a native french speaker , listened to all the debates and by the end i still had no idea what he was going to do , and hilariously enough he was giving the other candidate shit for not saying what she would do ... 
  really now ? 
  how so ? 
  you mean the romans/berbers ? 
  i mean i hate to sound like an asshole over here but he ai n't that wrong . 
  fact not joke *, 
  no estonia , you are n't a nordic counrty !, 
  not soon to be 2, 
  ohh look a comment chain with all 3 of the baltics !, 
  how cute . 
  i think it does n't matter . 
  if you blame the enemy it 's good press and all but it wo n't change shit . 
  might as well take ownership of the event and use it to improve doctrine and standards . 
  now personally i do n't blame the dutch , but let 's try to take ownership and prevent this from happening again, 
  he 's ont trying to assosiate it , it 's actually true . 
  antifa , the group that does this , wants open borders . 
  the group that organises the black blocks where they do damage while wearing black is called antifa , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qulc7ovetrk check out this video . 
  one day, 
  how is trump an idiot, 
  history is n't sunshine and rainbows , as glorious as some of it is , it 's a series of disasters triggered by the human desire to control . 
  if we do not remember it we are doomed to repeat it . 
  they should n't change the street names , he was a great man after all he 's done his best for his country however horrible he was . 
  yes you do , i live in wallonia my school is on rue leopold ii , on the place leopold ii and there are 2 statues of him on it that are well kept . 
  also what happened in the congo was never thought to me in school , but i have 2 years of school left so maybe it 's in the curriculum . 
  i do n't know about the rest of what he said about the kongo thought , sounds like bullshit . 
  jocko willinks a navy seal had a bit about that on his podcast about how even professional female fighters were n't able to do the most simple things . 
  here 's the thing ... 
  if you weigh 50 kilos and i put 100 on your back and tell you to march or jump out of an airplane , it does n't matter how hard you train your legs are going to break . 
  well most men are able to pass the test and most women are n't so i do n't see why all women should be sent to the army to then be refused ... and for the few who pass . 
  they 'll either end up as pogs or be front line infantry and bring down the rest of the unit ... 
  the marine corps made a really in depth experiment with women in combat , turns out that mixed units perform less well than all male units , and units with only women perform better than mixed units , but not as well as all male , of course you could still put women in non combat roles , but in the end it should n't be obligatory because most women who try the armed forces quit ... and if a woman would like to serve i 'm sure there 's a volunteer section to the military . 
  i just do n't see why anything should change . 
  yeah about 5 years away, 
  no that 's the island of saarema . 
  scotland and ireland hahaha 5/7, 
  italian is best , italia stronk !, 
  that 's not bucket head that 's a month python reference . 
  nope , this is real life , trump won , maga, 
  i have 9 gb in belgium how much do you have, 
  go home spain you 're drunk, 
  http://www-personal.umich.edu/~mejn/election/2016/countymaprb1024.png wich ones ? 
  i do n't know, 
  hilariously enough , on my mother 's side of the familly i had a great grand father in the 10th mas essentially one of the first underwater destruction teams and he was in france during all that , he ended up in normandy during the invasion and during all that on my father 's side of the family i had a great grandfather in the 1st canadian parachute battalion . 
  for all i know they might of ended up shooting at each other . 
  oh boy , more people that are going to use the gym and other services in the base , wonderfull . 
  go away indonesia . 
  the serbian version is probably going to be an instruction on how to jump off, 
  this is n't lasagna . 
  kek, 
  facebook mostly, 
  i have friends in the ulb , have seen them all nude on the internet ... 
  france clearly all the bics say made in france . 
   constantinoples hahahaha, 
  i was talking about the austro-hungarian empire , russia and germany not france and england wich i understand have been semi-constitutional since the philosophes des lumi\u00e8res , and the bill of rights . 
  what i was saying is you ca n't really say democracy is a european tradition when half the continent was monarchist , then when under dictatorial rule when democracy was imposed on them . 
  democracy only became part of our history 70 years ago to be the devil 's advocate , if it was n't for an allied victory of ww1 more than half of europe would still be under monarchist rule . 
  unholy , not so roman elective monarchy, 
  actually not really most of those states where dutchies and counties . 
  where 's the british one i have n't seen it yet ? 
  well are n't aicraft carriers kind of obsolete thanks to cruise missles these days ? 
  italian but i grew up in canada , ottawa, 
  it 's funny because most of the shit i sell i would n't even eat , like i remember eating them back in my childhood in canada , but now that i 'm more informed on nutrition , fuck that ...
