... what the fuck is that . 
  romani ite domum , now write it a hundred times or i 'll cut your balls off . 
  as long as you do n't mistake it for incest or smth . 
  oh yes , i ask myself that every morning . 
  why is israel red ? 
  its coming right for us !, 
  why ? 
  hopefully all will follow . 
  well technically the american leftists, 
  because it makes the same sound i guess, 
  fucking look at sweden ... 
  i claim india for britain !, 
  hehehehe, 
  why are we letting in people if they come here to riot ? 
  because i 'll bet my nuts they 're all immigrants, 
  2 weeks and 100 years are different . 
  you people have no common sense and are avoiding the point he was making . 
  why would you want mentally ill people who ca n't even tell what sex they are to carry a weapon ? 
  that navy seal was an exception , he 's a fucking warrior . 
  and if every trans person to join was like him you 're god damn right i would want them in , but they are n't . 
  but it 's been happening since 2013 ... that shit happens all the time . 
  yes but the point is he 's still right in the end ... 
  if if he says last night instead of last week ... it does n't matter , the riots are still happening ... 
  if you consider how many times that happens and the demographic ... yes it is . 
  fair enough . 
  fair enough . 
  well i do that stuff all the time , would n't it be hypocritical to judge another person for doing it ? 
  then why did everyone call him an idiot when he said what he said . 
  trump lives in the year 3017 where grammar has already changed you people are just all wroang, 
  then why did n't all the slaves kill themselves ? 
  then why are n't all oppressed people killing themselves senselessly ? 
  that 's why i do n't believes that . 
  trans people should be given real care instead of cutting their dicks off . 
  i 'm obviously not an expert , but i 'm not a pilot and i can assure you planes do n't belong in the water . 
  and i am interested in this discution if you are n't so be it . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  no not really , if you look at what percentage of the population commits suicide the most you can actually see that people who are at the bottom of hierarchies usually have less tendency to kill themselves , like minorities kill themselves less than the majority population , poor people kill themselves less than rich people , so why would oppressed people kill themselves more ? 
   a psychological state is considered a mental disorder only if it causes significant distress or disability . 
  many transgender people do not experience their gender as distressing or disabling , which implies that identifying as transgender does not constitute a mental disorder . 
  is that why their suicide rate is so high ? 
  that website is biased . 
   trump has n't banned people from having paid for transition surgery - he 's banned them from serving . 
  those are two separate issues . 
  no that 's not how this works , that 's not how any of this works , when you 're in the us armed forces you are a part of tricare and they pay for such services ( surgery is not 100 % ) https://tricare.mil/coveredservices/isitcovered/genderdysphoriaservices  that 's not how this works . 
  you make a claim , you demonstrate on what that claim rests . 
  water is wet do you want a source for that too ? 
  what i 'm saying is that if you do n't care enough to look it up you do n't care enough to have this conversation , you can then go home happy and not have learned anything , see if that changes anything to my life . 
  and that 's why i 'm moving out of europe . 
  i 'm italian . 
  he 's not my president . 
  yes they do , at least in italy and belgium , and those unfit do n't pass . 
  gender-disphoria is a mental illness , people suffering from that would n't be able to pass anyway might as well just tell them before they try to enlist . 
  yes i did , i told you their suicide rate is 40 percent . 
  and you do n't need to ask me for sources , do your own research and you 'll know the truth , if you do n't want to well maybe you 've become so obsessed with your ideology that you do n't care about the truth anymore because you prefer to bury it to feel like you 're living in a false paradise . 
  you still want more reasons ? 
  ok , because trans people serving in the military have been making the dod pay for their transitions while the dod ca n't afford prosthetic limbs for all the afghanistan and iraq veterans . 
  because serving in the military is a privileged not a right . 
  because if the generals in charge do n't need trans people because they 've judged they are a burden and as a trans person you still want to serve perhaps your goal is not to serve but to be of disservice to your country to further your political ideology . 
  dude trans people have a 40 % suicide rate , they are n't emotionally stable to be in the military . 
  and do n't pull the ` they 're killing themselves because they are oppressed ' bullshit on me . 
  if you look at the numbers , suicide is basically a privilege of the upper class . 
  rich people kill themselves more than poor people . 
  minorities kill themselves less than the majorities ... they are mentally ill and their behavior should be treated instead of rewarded . 
  oh you mean when trump called sweden out and they laughed at him , and then 3 days later riots started in sweden like trump predicted ? 
  god , amsterdam is gay . 
  oh really . 
  well i can agree with you up to a certain point . 
  except i 'll stick with the people on my side . 
  because the people on my side are my family , my friends , the people that raised me , who grew up with me . 
  and if we lose that war i might lose all of that . 
  so you know what ? 
  to hell with the pacifists i choose my family , i choose home . 
   i dont care ... nationalism/patriotism etc is stupid and a thing of the past . 
  yes comrade , the international is the future / s, 
  fucking canadians funded by russia, 
  yes that 's because our government is a fucking gang of inbred morons ... 
  i just thought that was funny because they trust the eu more than their gov , but they do n't actually do n't trust the eu , so they do n't trust anyone . 
  this is n't political it 's humourous . 
  i did n't understand any of that and it 's one of the best things i 've seen in my life . 
  so according to the 2 infographics you posted , belgium trusts the eu more than their gov and parliament , but highly distrusts the eu , fucking hilarious . 
  no that 's the fault of our incompetent administration that is the cause of the migrants in the first place . 
  personally i quite like hormuz, 
  of course it 's fair , the fucking idiot wo n't get all the money from all the romanians ... 
  law in italy ? 
  read my last few comments , you 'll know what i mean by annoying ... 
  so an italian would be considered a minority in italy ? 
  and if you read my comments you would see this is n't because they are brown it 's because they are annoying, 
  what ? 
  absolutely !, 
  you should come to italy for a few weeks see for yourself . 
  no the rest camp outside supermarkets and beg , they camp next to ticket machines on train station waiting for you to forget change in there . 
  they sleep in trains , they gang up and mug people they support the use of drugs and sell to youth . 
  well they are pretty annoying when you 're just trying to enjoy a meal on a terrasse and they come try to sell you underwear and when you tell them you 're eating they stand there and watch you finish eating ... 
  good on them . 
  i would go to a gym like that around here if i could . 
  berlusconni . 
  i like grillo . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the guy . 
  but if he can do the job , let him do it . 
  well maybe we could elect a proper fucking gov instead of these old fucks,
