  he haves a common whit stalin they are both georgian . 
  you tell me what ? 
  was hard to stop turkey for mighty murica to invade cyprus ? 
  it was your gift and turkey did it after your support . 
  greek government those days was supported by murica so the job was well done . 
  we had juda fool not democracy supported from murica . 
  but murica was to weak to stop turkey invade in cyprus ? 
  they had to give a gift to they allies . 
  i was n't either but your foreign policy did it . 
  so you did as murica some small mistake back in days when you supported the invade of turks in cyprus ? 
  shh let 's keep fighting, 
  you gift them half cyprus in 70is , looks like is hard to control fanatics ? 
  tsipras do n't know what the fuck he is doing and its the main reason erdogan asks what ever he wants . 
  i wish his father did the talk . 
  you ca n't steal the law says you can buy for 99 years it 's not yours for ever, 
  turkey ca n't invade greece its posible they will loose half their lands if they do . 
  not from greece btw . about military power or who haves it bigger greece army is set up to counter every single possible way if they attack i do n't believe they are stupid enough to do it and its the other way around . 
  yep, 
  how the fuck you are makedon if you do n't even speak the language, 
  there is a region named makedon and how come slavs have any connection ? 
  our connection is that we speak the same language . 
  what 's yours ? 
  we speak the same language . 
  greek . 
  there is only one way to be connected if you speak the same language . 
  the ancient kingdom of makedon haves any connection whit your country ? 
  the name is ancient , there was a kingdom named makedon and founded 700 years bc is your country connected whit that ? 
  what about the name makedon how your country is connected whit that ? 
  and what the meaning of the statues of philip and alexander you duild there ? 
  to drain power of them and become superslavomacedon ? 
  like never . 
  spain m8 you need to try harder, 
  we took one for the team . 
  so they will bring 30 phelps ? 
  and most of the world cup players are milioners none will ever go there if everything was n't perfect like 5 star hotels etc etc, 
  you missed the part that we have land boarders whit 4 countrys whit 3 of them not in eu, 
  do they think some day greece will say , ok you are pure macedonians you are not slavs but sucked alexenders dick so hard and you are no longer slavs, 
  ask them wan na leave eu and see , maybe its not 70 % remain those days but its high . 
  communists and fascists are happy indeed gj uk, 
  needs majority of 2/3 in house to even start a referendum for such thing btw even tsipras is super pro eu those days and greece is like 70 % pro eu even at worst days, 
  was, 
  he is pure 100 %, 
  i think they are https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjejt4wepgw fucking stupid . 
  do n't fucking bring greece that monkey varufakis and his policies closed the banks, 
  what i 'm saying is because they do n't have big army now does n't mean they ca n't have in times of need . 
  whit the technology and money germany haves can build up an army whenever he wants, 
  so if brits vote no means they are stupid enough to believe that, 
  does n't matter where are now in 2002 most had above 3 % so suck it up and you voted as in as well , poor germany you got fooled . 
  sent more that 7.5 bil we run out, 
  i guess you can read the deal was 3 % deficit max and non had it , not even germany in 2002 bad or good year they had more that 3 % deficit . 
  btw you guys believe some greek politics and a bank from america fooled all eu and forced greece in ? 
  you voted for as in many times . 
  man i didnt want to come to this but you know as well how good financially was germany 70 years ago . 
  we will fix the economy and we follow what eu wants to meet the criteria even if poor ppl suffer . 
  it was as much as germany and france they also had deficit above 3 %, 
  greece is like part from the eu12 days, 
  first they banned gambling machines and the next day video game machines was 2 in 1 so they banned all together in the end, 
  yes you are right . 
  now sent money . 
  as long as rover is closed this will stay high, 
  lem me put out my greekometer, 
  i like how turks expect to or believe you myst support them like albania fyrom and co, 
  the fun ends when big ones start bulling, 
  i read reports that its send from athens whit the name of adonis georgiadis, 
  as much as they feed you hate for greece you love them . 
  the disaster was that all those buildings was useless after olympic games also whit traffic like that in summer for greece cant never be loss . 
  their organization was really good i cant see why you say it was disaster . . 
  you know nothing, 
  https://twitter.com/europarl_en/status/836981564596707328 her eyes she scares me, 
  syriza kke and golden down , voted no so i m sure this trade deal is good for eu . 
  tell sch\u00e4uble to give around 5 billions so we can buy f 35 economy strong now . 
  there is no country name macedonia it 's fyrom r/eu need to learn this . 
  greece haves army there , emperor knows that , sent an army to land the jokes will get real, 
  more can be done sure but there 's no need to found what was all ready found, 
  and that 's your opinion, 
  this is a federal state on the making, 
  about 4 : this happened 40 years ago or so . 
  that 's some next level counterpropaganda . 
  drunk idd my point is with all those changes in constitution they did there an elected true whit less than 50 % but i do n't think he cares anymore what 's the %, 
  does erdogan do whatever he wants whit less than 50 % or just your democracy means nothing ? 
  deleted the ottoman part, 
  nope gunna need to use them in real fights, 
  `` parents '', 
  that 's good scenario for hollywood movie reality tho putin no stupid he wont fight a loosing war he took crimea and none can do anything about . 
  there are ppl sane enough who believe it is possible to block russia accessing the seas ? 
  if they want to start ww3 they block russia from bosphorus, 
  yea for around 1000 ppl who was close to him rest was brutaly killed if they didnt obey . 
  btw this guy was a mongol from a family of mongols are turks mongols as well if erdogans dream borders are as mach as ottoman empire peaked and peaked the days suleiman was sultan . 
  you know reading if so find the turks former pm book and read it and then you might understand the stupidity, 
  what the fuck are you talking about, 
  read the book of ahmet davutoglu he was the former pm of turkey, 
  borders idd sorry my englando, 
  the boarders of his heart is as much as ottoman empire reached . 
  fun fact erdogans dream boarders contain austria . 
  no just turkey is proxy army in eu, 
  they where pussys and sent they ' r pawn first how about if they come first, 
  how about nazis sent musolini to attack first and did n't come their own, 
   schauble, 
  if europeans down voted this . . it 's time to war again . 
  stupidy lvls are sky high .
