and what they give back, 
  everyone speaks about this in greek news, 
  fool we never work and we never get retirement we just live whit the free money eu gives #greekdream, 
  beers on me, 
  after those news i allready quit my job who needs to work if others give free money, 
  that 's the easy part, 
  there was some public bj competitions maybe that to, 
  i guess some hate left from civil war, 
  nvm failed attempt to make a joke ;p, 
  i did n't syriza it 's to left for me, 
  you ca n't save greece even if you want anyway does n't mater what you want you will do what germany wants, 
  ic he is no so true finn is he a commie ? 
  few years later pls halp russia bulling as . 
  but true fins feel no fear ofc golden down style, 
  you give solidarity but if you think you give something else . . you give as lithuania nothing you do what germany says and you did this now and did this before your opinion is nothing you offer nothing for greece but greece voted you to get in eu . 
  il make it easy your 336000000 for greece is fucking nothing your country does that as part of solidarity your money it 's not what saves greece you give them only for solidarity reasons and nothing else you money ca n't save greece they are just to low . 
  it was irresponsible and voted yes, 
  first of all you do n't give billions but germany , france , italy , spain do and it is related when your pm told greece irresponsible . 
  was greece irresponsible when helped lithuania get in eu ? 
  or now its some other greece ? 
  this is what i like in eu they do n't give much claps about some colonies, 
  nah its to red, 
  it was irresponsible for greece when wanted , helped and voted for lithuania to get in eu ? 
  no it was n't, 
  no they do n't but i believe there 's non after tsipras and syriza left to promise lies and people can trust them and no we do n't leave the union after 34 years and no we do n't need toilet paper as currency . 
  so she said yes ? 
  after that great example you give if they give any money they need to find a jail and get in . 
  yet what you said about baltics want grexit is bullshit because the pm of lithuania said no few hours ago, 
  your prime minister said no ( we dont want grexit ) an hour ago, 
  % are almost the same , numbers are bigger for spain ofc, 
  you are the real man backing up your bro, 
  is there any elections close in lithuania ? 
  any eu pro party in greece will sing anything to prevent grexit, 
  it 's 26 % + 50 % pre pay for next year what i 'm complaining is that they tax the same those who do n't have whit those who have, 
  they will never forget 2004 huehue, 
  ofc i m and i will never stop they need to fucking tax those who have not those who do n't, 
  yea if i made 200k a year il care less even if i pay 100k in taxes but whit 10k and pay 4k is something , we have 23 vat , property taxes , high taxes in petrol and in cars to, 
  everyone who cuts tax proof or how its called like doctors , lawyers , builders , engineers etc pays 26 % tax + prepays for next year the 50 % of this and gets taxed from first euro, 
  after a glorius 14k last year i need to pay around 5.5 k tax as freelance . 
  maybe i should thank them they let me work . 
  this is a troika https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/troika_akron.jpg one horse is imf , one is ecb and last is the european commission all 3 together make the troika or if you are syriza pro you say institutions . 
  i rejected nothing, 
  that help created thousands of young unemployment and this lead the 77 % of 18-29 to vote no, 
  it 's no to the troika style of we give you money that you will pay back but you need to take austerity measures now if that 's good or bad there are thousands of economics here to explain you, 
  they can probably do that whit greece as well ? 
  or they just need to brake something and see if they can fix it ? 
  all ready looking for people to work on those companies that 's so clever they fix dept problem and unemployment at the same time whit in 48 hours, 
  tsipras is their son he is born and raised in those 5 years of austerity they created him , now they need to find a way to deal whit him . 
  that 's actually the easy way, 
  let 's say you give loans and ask measures all europe not just finland , syriza ca n't pass them in house that 's why the referedum and the vote for no . 
  we have a huge problem in greece we do n't have opposition it 's damn dead after 5 years of austerity none likes them everyone hates them . 
  i voted yes btw . 
  today i found out the importance of opposition . 
  we have none atm and tsipras proved today he plays alone . 
  i hope he does the best for greece . 
  i voted yes but the old guard and their politics lost today and lost hard let 's see what eu leader 's will do they will find solution or punish greece who voted no . 
  if no wins the main reason will be the hate people have for the `` old '' party 's and their members, 
  best picture so far imho https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cixpu9nwcaayezy.jpg:large, 
  worked for a company that use this way of payment . . the boss wants to sing and check all payments him self his fucking rich i guess its works best for him others just transfer then on my acc or pay in cash, 
  privet sector died 3 days ago and yesterday was the funeral when banks closed . 
  and here i m siting home whit 1k euros check and i owe 600 something euros to those 2 guys worked whit me and the only use i have for that thing is to clean my ass . . `` first time left '', 
  that 's the truth nothing else . 
  he promise 12 bills benefits before elections when rivals told him where you will find that he blame them as traitors and power hungry and then `` the go home madame merkel '' became kisses and hugs and then the `` we will make markets dance '' became closed banks and capital controls and the 12 bills in benefits from the thessaloniki program become 8 bill measures in his proposal or 11 form troika . 
  after 5 months of `` proud negotiations '' we have old mans wait hours in line to get 60 euros from atms . 
  and you know whats the problem he will go ( as fast as posible ) i do n't know this week or after a month or year but the problems he created will remain . . 
  we watch some insane politic who tries to save his party and his ass meanwhile destroying his country and people . 
  they promise lies on people who was easy manipulated after 5 years of austerity . 
  he force elections whit the vote of president of the republic , and was blaming last gov that they govern whit mails . 
  last government was negotiate measures around 1.5 bil greece proposal was 900 mil . . and here we are after 5 months of `` proud negotiate '' his proposal was 8 bills 10 times bigger that the famous mail hourdouveli . 
  they lied to everyone and everything because they cant pass the bill they cant say no as gov and as the big pussys they are they want people to take the blame for them . 
  if greece votes no and things go worst and worst because closed banks and capital controls are only the beginning they ( syriza/anel ) could tell we asked you ( people ) and you took decision its your fault . 
  that means he is not only lunatic he is the biggest pussy in history he tries to hide behind people whit political tricks . . 
  give him nothing wait after referendum when he will loose so fucking hard . 
  from now on in greece we wont say again yes or no but no or yes because our supreme leaders want that . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ciq_udqukaex2sn.jpg i found where they got the idea for that ballot, 
  \u039a\u039a\u0395 position is strait out of eu out of ez unilateral debt forgiveness ( i hope translate did good job ) they asked syriza to add an option in referandum for their option `` out of eu out of ez '' but they did n't accept, 
  did what ? 
  eu haves nothing to lose greece haves nothing to lose tsipras and his stupidity will lose next monday is close . 
  whit banks closed , well done `` first time left '' we had worst times but at least we had banks open , well done `` first time left '' , and bring it on , tsipras and his stupidity will loose so hard in this referendum . . next monday is close, 
  the referendum is to save his ass and his party but he will loose so hard he do n't even imagine . . 
  the pro eu option will get at least 65 % and finaly we will go in proper elections after people saw how failure this government is, 
  ofc he is right every one in europe is stupid but tsipras , who found the solution before elections , but after he lead greece in capital controls . 
  now go take the line in atm 's and scream `` first time left '', 
  limit is 50-60 euros '' first time left '' https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cil0yvuwoaapgxt.jpg:large no money no doumani as they say in my village, 
  http://en.protothema.gr/tsipras-blames-eurogroup-for-forcing-cap-controls/ this is how you do it : do any stupidity comes to your mind and then blame others . 
  greece government 2015 `` first time left '', 
  first time left, 
  we had calmness until the point our last government and eu knew we will have elections because `` first time left '' could forced them . 
  nd/pasok had a plan to end the program 30 june and test the markets . 
  can we speak about markets now ? 
  now we do n't even have eu backup we are going in a way none knows and where it leads , because tsipras and his party ca n't pass any program in house not even his 47 pages one . 
  with large stock dignity come the citizens at atms . 
  proceed to pround withdrawals with hope for tomorrow . 
  first time left, 
  that 1 car is the riot police ? 
  we had one job to finish a program witch ended at 30 june like other eu members did , like ireland like portugal like cyprus etc . 
  but no we had `` first time left '' force elections whit the vote for president of the republic . 
  and then for 5 months lie to every one and lead greece to this point . 
  first time left, 
  they do this constantly in greece , syriza/anel/xa trolls go on any other non syriza/anel/xa pro site and blame anyone that is part of the system that they bribed that they are germanotsoliades , euronazi , traitors and more .
