  my bad . 
  in that case , map 's key is at least slightly misleading . 
  probably this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wymysorys_language tl ; dr some weird ass germanic language which is a left-over after dutch settlers in medieval times . 
  did n't you even bother to read the key ? 
  your word comes from celtic which is not exactly latin , is it ? 
  if your myths & epics are ancient then what about indus valley civilization and mesopotamians ? 
  damn , turns out that romans and greeks do n't have exclusive right to be described as ancient . 
  what 's the point , sooner or later the russians will come and deport us to siberia . 
  if we 're lucky . 
  generally your right , but in this context it does not matter . 
  one of three italian dishes that typical northernen knows is spaghetti bolognese . 
  the point remains, 
  when a northerner says spaghetti , he actually means the sauce . 
  aim higher , helsinki-tricity tunnel would be admired even by the chinese . 
  1-3 looks like my grandparents ' home village 10-15 years ago . 
  what about german minority in the polish sejm ? 
  usa is on pair with china in that matter . 
  anyways , what rosti meant is that conservatives of eastern europe beli ... oh , i 've written that much before i noticed your nick . 
  not really . 
  their leader , kaczy\u0144ski , has said that there is no possibility of poland leaving eu . 
  not sure about visa part , but finding a job as a web developer with more than 3 + years of experience is as painless as buying a loaf of bread . 
  it is n't . 
  poland is one of the most euroenthusiastic countries . 
  one exception is euro - most of the poles believe that we should join common currency once we are as wealthy as germany , because otherwise we would end up as another greece or portugal . 
  yes 2 . 
  no b no 5 . 
  according to polish army - no 6 . 
  no i hope all my noes are n't that meaningless . 
  if you steal german made cars in poland then the victim was in poland at the time of the crime ( which was also commited in poland ) . 
  stop polonization of europe !, 
  you know that 's polish anthem , right ? 
  he was his great-grandfather actually . 
  transit tourists ? 
  like ford transit ? 
  you 're looking at this from different angle than me . 
  it 's worse for you if you got 20 % of your 10 million country emigrate than if 2 % of 100 million country leave it . 
  also , it 's better if you have 2 million foreign nationals from diverse places than if you have 2 million migrants from one country . 
  it makes it harder to assimilate them . 
  they should 've used percentage . 
  there 's slightly more poles living abroad than germans , but germany 's population is twice as big as poland 's . 
  not to mention portugal . 
  not really , we have to change our constitution in order to adopt the euro . 
  good luck with that . 
  as a human who knows others i deduce that we should aim for simpler solutions and choose c # . 
  not really , it just depends on languages you know already . 
  since i 'm polish , german is far easier for me . 
  and make the uk pay for it !, 
  fuck you iceland , i 've cried because of you , even though the only thing i 've understood was `` yeaaaa !, 
  yeaaaa !, 
  yeaaaa ! '', 
  too bad the only way we can play each other is to go through to the final . 
  for me daily mirror 's front page is the most sensationalist of them all . 
  nothing 's as catastrofic as a picture of a black hole , come on !, 
  seriously ? 
  i 've always thought that y' all be afraid to be dominated by us if such a union came into place . 
  i do n't think that serbia is that different from poland , croatia or , especially , bulgaria . 
  they are ready to access real soon . 
  try writing to polish ex-commies . 
  they 'd be more than happy to restore prl ( peoples republic of poland = polska republika ludowa -  prl ), 
  do n't flatter yourselves , you were by no means the first . 
  https://www.wikiwand.com/en/corsican_constitution https://www.wikiwand.com/en/cardinal_laws and one may argue that magna carta and henrician articles were constitutions , too . 
  tl ; dr ` murica was n't the first , sorry not sorry . 
  wow , i thought our policy was a joke . 
  turns out we ca n't call it zero tolerance policy anymore, 
  yeah , but what were your law during interbellum and as a soviet republic ? 
  iirc ii rp and polish communists never made a law about sexual orientation . 
  it 's not that they legalised it , they just avoided the problem . 
  would n't be so sure . 
  so what does heavy flooding look like ? 
  yes , but that 's just single company 's policy , not an eu-wide law . 
  i do n't buy on steam . 
  the trick is to make them believe that your country is ruled according to those ideas . 
  it will guarantee that we 'll have the most ` z 's in the whole world . 
  that 's something , innit ? 
  the day we get the same prices of games is the day i become campaigning for polexit . 
  polish retirees , they watch turkish tv dramas with their mouths and eyes wide open . 
  everyone who studied physics knows that all the time we 're at risk of disappearing and appearing again inside of earth 's core . 
  just because it has n't happened yet does n't mean it ca n't . 
  `` are universally considered '' that 's right , they are . 
  it does n't mean that they were . 
  well , poland is a huge manufacturer of german car parts and cars as general . 
  volkswagen pozna\u0144 employs almost 7,000 people . 
  only if production stays the same . 
  in reality , it 's not true . 
  tractors made us more wealthy by enabling more people to do different thing than growing crops for survival . 
  compare how what it took to be a software developer in '80 and what it takes now . 
  modern tools allow you to create software with an unprecedented ease , thanks to the exceptionally gifted ( compared to the whole human population ) pioneers of this field . 
  being able to supervise work of robots is an extremely easy thing to learn . 
  imo 20 engineers in a german factory is better than a thousand workers . 
  just like 100 office clerks are better than 1000 factory workers . 
  and 1000 factory workers are better than 10000 farmers . 
  a those farmers are far better than even bigger number of hunters-gatherers . 
  that 's what progress is about , low-efficent and low-paid positions are being replaced by higher-paid ones . 
  and today , since our societies are shrinking , we do n't even have to have 100 % replacement rate, 
  not really , tribes that invaded romans were bunch of primitive , hungry and frightened men . 
  they were seeking after better and safer life far from huns and other nomadic invaders . 
  nazi germany is an example that a bancrupt and mostly unemployed nation can turn its country from economical ruin into a military complex in matter of few years . 
  they wanted to better they life conditions by subjucation of other peoples . 
  border protection ( i think we can all agree that maginot line was pretty tough ) did n't save france , did it ? 
  nor did it save romans , dare i say .
