i 'd say it 's more about the bread . 
  not if you do this in incognito mode . 
  yes , i did it in private mode . 
  not that i search a lot about hamlet or denmark . 
  there 's this popular polish rap crew called `` gang albanii '' - `` gang of albania '' . 
  one of them even called himself a king of albania and said that it is not a real country . 
  nobody knows what the hell does he mean , so `` why albania is n't a real country '' is pretty popular search . 
  if we had google in 30s then every single neighbour would be tagged this way . 
  too bad most of us forget that they had good reasons to hate us . 
  your right , i 've read it as `` dania jest wi\u0119\u017aniem '' , my bad . 
  edit : here 's why i used the third result https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4hmggf/what_poles_are_wondering_about_countries_in_europe/d2qtyuz, 
  that 's about it . 
  i just excluded recurring answers like `` is not in eu '' , `` is poor '' , `` is rich '' , because three quaters of the map would be covered in this and that would make it absolutely pointless . 
  all the results are some pages about shakespeare and hamlet . 
  no , these are not what i think . 
  perhaps i should 've added that it is what google sugests when you write in `` why is country ... '' . 
  it 's from a joke . 
  borussia '' since bo means because in polish it translates ( kind of ) to this : `` why ukrainians do n't like dortmund ? 
  becauserussia '', 
  i wish it was true, 
  cowboy hat is also a regional thing , it has nothing to do with new york or florida , yet it is considered an american icon . 
  get over it . 
  yeah , but it 's 0,5 % of the whole world male population , not just western europe . 
  hungarians love fences even more than we do . 
  anyone knows what 's the name of the song ? 
  i thought we , the northerners , were supposed to be the shy and quiet ones :o it 's completely normal to talk in a bar with strangers , for some it 's even the whole idea . 
  besides , night buses are great place to have drunken conversation with complete strangers . 
  yeah , it 's a typo . 
  what i mean is : `` there would be less fishing [ ... ] '', 
  finland annexed you . 
  would n't fishing quotas actually mean quite opposite ? 
  there would be more fishing , therefore more fish . 
  so , should i give up my technical studies and become a polish teacher for foreigners  ? 
  when us was founded only white male land-owners where allowed to vote . 
  it was about 10 % -16 % of the population according to wiki . 
  in this case it 's actually less . 
  besides it 's different when seven guys elect one , and when 10 % of the population does that . 
  that 's because you were seen as fellow germanic people by nazis and racial policies treated you much better than slavs . 
  the contrast was even clear inside one country , poland . 
  western parts which were directly annexed to the german reich had it easier . 
  my great-grandfather lived there ( well , i kinda do now ) and he was even a wehrmacht soldier . 
  although military service in enemy army was not what he wanted , it clearly kept his family safe form any repressions . 
  after all he was considered a german citizen . 
  not that he had any choice - if he had n't accepted the citizenship all his family would have been sent to stutthof . 
  given that logic nyc is southern too . 
  i 've thought you were still angry about the whole commonwealth thing . 
  only belarussians are n't complaining . 
   ians say he was lithuanian to overrustle poles . 
  just polish-lithuanian commonwealth ethnicity problems yes , he was lithuanian , but not in contemporary meaning . 
  back then , being lithuanian was no different from being masovian or pomeranian . 
  until late 19th century current lithuanians were zhmudins, 
  neither do you . 
  you state that your definition is the one widely accepted while it is not . 
  it is unbelievably ignoring to think that some culture are stuck in tradition , because human history is not a process of developing into your values . 
  there was time where abortion in poland was legal on demand . 
  it is insane to believe that there is one exact moment in which a foetus becomes a child . 
  it 's like becoming of age - it is a gradual process . 
  48h foetus is not a child for sure , while foetus just before the birth is undeniably one . 
  i 'm no good with animals and for me it may be a horse 's butt as well . 
  i do not want to change the definition of child . 
  you are a liberal crusader overreacting over some joke . 
  fyi , saying that foetus is not a child is n't changing the definition of a child , at least not in my culture . 
  and no , i am not a supporter of szyd\u0142o . 
  i guess the sarcasm was n't obvious enough . 
  a newborn is not a child , therefore i support abortion up to 1st birthday . 
  it 's not square root of centenary , it 's its inverse squared . 
  i 've read that iceland has the same system . 
  there 's even a queue to the prison , because it 's too small . 
  and i was wondering how do people in suwalki survive their feel of remoteness . 
  that 's because that they are almost non-existent . 
  nazis murdered huge jewish minority , while commies moved poland 's borders and expelled all the germans , ukrainians and belarussians . 
  poles were just 69 % of pre-war poland 's population . 
  today it 's ~ 98 % . 
  we 're among the most homogeneous countries of the world . 
  compare with the ukraine . 
  well , i guess that there are upsides to what stalin did in our country after the war . 
  yeah , because all these lower class brits bother going through bureaucratic hell just to drink vodka in russia , that 's right . 
  i 've always thought you spoke german :o, 
  why ? 
  in poland : `` i 'm rolling myself up '', 
  without eu i would n't be able to study or work in another country without visas and permits . 
  as an eu citizen i have acces to a job market that is third biggest in terms of population and possibly the biggest in terms of gdp . 
  v4 and the baltics in a nutshell xd, 
  you 're aware that american revolution took place before the french one ? 
  latin was an official language of plc. 
  erika is a bit different story . 
  she was born in occupied poland really close to where i live . 
  both her parents worked for lutfwaffe in occupied poland - that 's why they were here . 
  her father was from frankfurt , her mother from bremen . 
  does it go opposite direction too ? 
  will i be able to watch all german music videos on yt ? 
  we just pray for health and eat/drink whatever we want . 
  not really , main character 's lover is played by a ukrainian . 
  but it 's us that drive on the right side of the road , both literally and figuratively . 
  why is poland that much more popular than slovakia and czechia ? 
  cities skylines is rather good . 
  most of vodka in polish stores is 36 % though . 
  but in metro 2033 the nuclear war broke in 2013 . 
  i think the germans are asking for perth , wa . 
  it sounds better in languages which actually have this metaphor .
