  not really . 
  most of them left in 1945 and went west to todays poland . 
  all english speaking people that left ireland when it became independent state are probably british , tho . 
  if you consider them to be lithuanian , then all german speaking population of ` recovered territories ' were polish . 
  i 'm not claiming that we should get wilno or the germans should get breslau . 
  but i 'm not also claiming that wroc\u0142aw was under german occupation 1918-1939 . 
  well , ka\u0142 means something different in polish :d, 
  it 's not anymore . 
  but it was . 
  it took you 70 years of depolonization programs to make it ethnically lithuanian . 
  according to german 1916 census , poles were 55 % , jews 40 % , lithuanians 2 % . 
  / / i do n't get the downvotes , just look it up , haters . 
  guys like you make europe dreadful place . 
   a massive constitutional crisis we can give you some tips , just call jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski . 
  great guy , much experience , eager to help . 
  you would love him . 
  why would you call your bridge a ` black poo ' ? 
  seriously , we thought you were normal, 
  complete disaster , total losers , could n't help it , just could n't , believe me , it 's true , , absolutely ridiculous, 
  neither do finland . 
  there was a significant polish minority just before ww2 . 
  even earlier ( back when this kind of architecture was built ) , poles could have even compromised majority of population . 
  you should n't evaluate comments about complex history of a region you apparently know nothing about . 
  tbh , it is for me . 
  yeah , because poles suddenly moved in from space in 1945 . 
  there 's a difference between spending money on army and actually using that army . 
  if it was n't for russia , they would be swedes today . 
  damn , i better start learning ukrainian so i 'm not left out . 
  poland also included a bunch of belarus and ukraine . 
  ethnic poland was much richer . 
  some sources claim , that difference between east and west of poland at that time was 1st vs 3rd world . 
  people in the west installed telephones and bought first cars while the east was living in dugouts . 
  in which way is it the same with czechs and us ? 
  most of danger while driving comes from the sidewalk , not from the incoming cars . 
  how exactly does driving on the left save lives ? 
  switzerland , austria and all of germany are in central europe . 
  are you aware of the fact that pizda means cunt in polish ? 
  does it sound to you any different from any other slavic language ? 
  can you tell polish , russian , czech or croatian apart just by listening ? 
  why do you consider our language nice ? 
  how can we be sure that she 's the hottest in the whole universe ? 
  what kind of an argument is that ? 
  if it was n't for them , that value would n't have been created . 
  they have every right to spend their wages however they like . 
  it takes only one mountain to be better . 
  absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence . 
  what is `` pierwej '' in northern poland ? 
  i only know `` d\u00ebtczi '' . 
  if i see correctly , these are not parking spaces . 
  they 're charging stations . 
   it did n't really change - because for germany , a 1,5 % growth is actually more capital gain than 4 % for poland . 
  have you heard of exponential function ? 
  i recommend learning about it before making text walls about macroeconomics . 
  polen -  die polen what now ? 
  you despise us that much , that even our name is incorrect : / ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  yes , we do . 
  in poland , even the ` sea economy office ' is located in warsaw ffs, 
  which donald t. :d ? 
  i would n't call mario a hot guy :p, 
  are we big boys now ? 
  polan stronk !, 
  tricity is not affected by extreme smog . 
  actually , it 's quite clean . 
  sea can make difference, 
  in poland fresh bachelor of computer science could get about $ 20k . 
  the cost of living is quite different , tho . 
  if you 're good you can get about 60k-80k ( if you 're not willing to work remotely ) in top5 cities ( it may be possible in others too ) . 
  and that income actually makes you a prince . 
  oh , now i see, 
  good luck with putting india on the map . 
  i mean ethnicity of soldiers , not peoples of territories of that political enitity . 
  that 's why i did n't include jews , they did not serve in the army . 
  us , you , belarussians , ukrainians , some germans , maybe latvians and a bunch of others , too . 
  dafuq is that wall ? 
  i 've been there so many times , yet i do not recognize it . 
  probably he decided that 100 hundred years is enough . 
  so baltic are not eastern europe but czechia is ? 
  is that a joke ? 
  not to mention that most people wo n't even notice quality difference . 
  depends . 
  i 'd say 14 is most common for all the countries . 
  do n't forget about people that have their bdays later in the year , though . 
  probably you 're right , but this picture looks pretty immature and inadequate for 13-year-olds . 
  8th graders ? 
  how old are they ? 
  it looks like a textbook for 3rd graders , tops . 
  yep , but the iberia would be quite nice . 
  this trend ought to die right now . 
   like trying to convince * jesus christ * god does n't exist . 
  ftfy, 
  iceland is the size of spain on this map, 
  what ? 
  do you really consider ex-czechoslovakia a southern country ? 
  oh , so greenland is going to win hands down . 
  neither was it in western pomerania . 
  some nations spend more time in a city , some on a highway . 
  when did teutons carry out a genocide in western pomerania ? 
  we 're alabama . 
  http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pf8kmq5lwyo/uyxg6n0rsni/aaaaaaaaeok/gr86ajqfukw/s1600/biblia_2_zamknieta_2.png do n't know if there 's english translation though . 
  you could be a dane living on faroe islands .
