  there 's no ethical problem , but there will be a pragmatic one . 
  if companies form developed countries start to produce again in their homelands , then we will see even greater migration push from undeveloped world . 
  also , today germany is pulling back from asia , tomorrow it may be pulling back from poland , romania , bulgaria and greece . 
  if it happens to quickly ( before these countries reach acceptable level of wealth ) then eu and peace in europe can become even more unsustainable than it is today . 
  underpaid intern , i guess . 
  afaik hamburgers as we know today kinda come from america . 
  why would it ? 
  austria is so small that it would n't even change balance of powers inside eu . 
  yep , that 's probably why they do it too . 
  since i live in really ethnically homogeneous society , i can tell you that all men that discrespect women in any situation tend to be lower-class and drop-out-of-school-while-15 type of guys . 
  they 're usually pretty drunk too . 
  it 's not like europeans did n't pull that type of things in 20th century . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust it 's not only germans , but that 's the most known and the most extreme example . 
  petrol and bullet-proof vests . 
  i reckon the image shows salary after taxes , otherwise poland would have around 900-1000 eur , too . 
  polish jabols are the best, 
  the hell ? 
  so prussia being placed roughly in the same place as poland is we , but poland ee ? 
  anyways , it had everything to do with poland . 
  before congress of vienna prussia was a germano-slavic monarchy . 
  probably even slavo-germanic . 
  connecticut and rhode island bothers me more . 
  wo n't stop until we reach the atlantic . 
  did i miss some unexpected ortographical anschluss ? 
  prussia once held most of current poland . 
  part of ireland is missing http://i.imgur.com/kvzweop.png, 
  oops , looks like i 've mixed together polish and estonian name for it , my bad . 
  this map makes me cringe . 
  that kaliningrad , that bosphor , that ireland , no gotland and saarema , yet we see bornholm . 
  what the hell . 
  it 's just the most elegant way to do this . 
  you clearly do n't understand the game . 
  germanize , polonize , russificate ( not sure about this one ) , americanize , hellenize and much more just mean acquiring certain culture . 
  that 's not what op is trying to achieve with this topic . 
  oh , you 're right . 
  i 've read it wrong . 
  5 % is rather small compared to 30 % , is n't it ? 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  most of the growth is only on paper , corporations use ireland for solely tax related purposes . 
  no , it 's highly unpopular ( except for movies for younger audiencies , like shrek or madagascar ) . 
  generally it goes like that : - subtitles for cinema - voice-over for tv, 
  what 's up with finland ? 
  forefathers of modern greeks lived on crete . 
  perfect . 
  thank you a lot , pal, 
  it 's impossible to tap that on mobile , you inconsiderate monster, 
  that 's some great alternative facts . 
  actually , mickiewicz stayed in greater poland during november uprising . 
  great patriot , that 's for sure ... 
  you have never been to poland . 
  i attend church twice a year - for christmas and easter . 
  well , if there 's no wedding or funerals . 
  yeah , because we totally have n't seen movies about stalin and hitler . 
  looks like an oppressed minority waiting to be liberated . 
  that 's not that geopolitics . 
  elbl\u0105g port is of minor importance for poland . 
  the title suggest , that it is the only way to access baltic sea . 
  that 's the exact opposite of truth . 
  `` a jak chcesz si\u0119 git napi\u0107 , a nie blady robi\u0107 sprint do kibla to pierdol ziemniaki , se zapisz - \u017cytnia '' if you want to drink well and not run to the toilette , then fuck potatoes and buy a rye one . 
  rye vodka best vodka , no hangover , believe me , it 's true , everyone says so . 
  update : i regret everything :(, 
  i 've eaten six already . 
  do not overthink it , brother . 
  if half of us came to ireland , you would be a small minority :p, 
  i wonder if it would 've changed history . 
  like frankish staying germanic or aquitaine or bavaria staying country in it 's own right . 
  damn , it 's completely free even here . 
  ireland , get your shit together . 
  * whom , you uneducated barbarian . 
  and thus it was n't a part of germany . 
  it was just an occupied territory . 
  poles living in general gouverment were n't forced into wehrmacht . 
  yeah , but part of slovenia was incorporated into german reich . 
  anyways , how did a lithuanian end up serving wehrmacht ? 
  my great-grandfather had to serve as he was granted german citizenship for 10 years . 
  if he had n't accepted it , he would be send to stutthof , with whole family . 
  his father served in imperial army during wwi , so it was n't a shocking thing in this area . 
  was the lithuanian guy from memel ? 
  do n't know about lithuania , but my great-grandfather returned to poland and faced no repression . 
  really talented bunch , somehow they manage to speak german worse than i do . 
  after reunification many germans from the east left for the west . 
  housing prices went down immensely . 
   work in germany - live in poland actually it 's the opposite . 
  lots of poles live in ( eastern ) germany and work in poland . 
  it 's nice , we 're new england . 
  anyways , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a is probably less important than pozna\u0144 , wroc\u0142aw or tr\u00f3jmiasto . 
  interesting shift between 2005 and 2016 . 
  how exactly are they able to increase our salaries ? 
  i thought he said vaginers , tho . 
   overtaking on an intersection is n't that legal in the uk ? 
  poland 100 % confirmed , you can see a rosary on the left . 
   we 're are having military exercises too , they train with russia whos enemy is west ( now including poland ) we train with west whos enemy is russia ( including belarus ) . 
  that 's why it 's so important to get belarus on our side . 
  actually , nato 's training scenarios do not include real countries . 
  they consist of defending made up countries from made up threats . 
  i 've heard stories about coal freezing in train cars . 
  since it was frozen , they could n't unload it . 
  army tried to crush it with bombs , but they just destroyed the cars . 
  they were of slavic origin , but they were germans , plain and simple . 
  you a have special quota for ukrainians ?
