  ukrainians list genocidal stuff against ukrainians , like denying access for peasants to railroad stations , adding some 99 % ukrainian villages to genocidal `` black sheets '' , while russian historians disagree , pointing out that it happened also in other regions , and that it was n't proven that there was any difference in treatment of ukrainian and non-ukrainian territories . 
  ukrainian historians noted interesting stalin 's telegram from november 1932 : `` 15.40 telegram to mendel khataevich . 
  politburo cc vkp ( b ) currently discusses question about ceasing supplying __ ukrainian __ ( underlined by stalin ) villages with food and other supplies . 
  same day . 
  the politbure decided to cease ... '' ok , i got tired translating all this stuff . 
  i got from this discussion that ukrainian side have at least some arguments that the famine targeted specifically ukrainians , and russian historians are not entirely honest and to some extent ideologically motivated , ignoring facts that do n't fit their narrative . 
  but overall it 's not that simple . 
   or is it because the italian government thinks putin 's actions in syria are somehow wise ? 
  lolfuckingwat ? 
  of course , russian actions ( the country is called russia , not putin ) in syria to defeat western-backed salafi jihadists and support the only legitimate power in syria are wise . 
  thanks to russian actions ordinary people in damascus and aleppo would no longer live under constant bombardment from improvised mortars of terrorists . 
  thanks to russian actions ordinary syrian women would be able to walk around without hijab . 
  thanks to russian actions , christians , kurds , shia , etc. 
  would not live under danger of taken over by western-type democrats from al-qaeda . 
  thanks to russian actions , this war actually will end , to the great disappointment for various foreign backers who wanted to create new country perpetually at war like afghanistan . 
  so what is russia doing so evil ? 
  crimea ? 
  it 's not related to italy in any way or form . 
  italy recognized kosovo , so it 's sorta mega-hypocritical for them to not only _ not recognize _ , but _ sanction _ other country for essentially the same thing , but done in clean bloodless way . 
  anyway , the crimean sanctions were pretty light . 
  it 's not related to italy in any way or form . 
  and , ok , i entirely understand these sanctions in 2014 or 2015 -- indeed russia deserved blame for the things it did back then . 
  but since then minsk ii accords were signed . 
  russia respects it , there was not a single offensive of dnr/lnr since then . 
  ukraine on the hand declines to move forward , doing its part of the agreement ( changing constitution , agreeing on elections in dnr/lnr , etc. ), 
  -- but it 's neither sanctioned nor significantly pressured by the eu . 
  so what else should russia do ? 
  russia ca n't adopt necessary amendments to the ukrainian constitution on its own , ukraine should do it . 
  anyway , intensity of the conflict dropped \\* drastically \\* since signing minsk ii . 
  the graph of destroyed armored vehicles gives the general idea : http://lostarmour.info/analytics/ it would be reasonable if russia would get some sanction relief for that . 
  do you know that the georgians recently killed almost 20 % of its population ? 
  in 2013 in georgia lived 4.5 m , in 2014 - 3.7 m. 
  and all they needed to commit this mass murder was just to conduct census , the first one since 2002 . 
  turns out every 6th person was a dead soul , existing just in imagination of statistical authorities . 
  this level of discrepancy is just mind-boggling , but discrepancy of population against estimates is usual , at least in ex-ussr , it happens like every census . 
  state statistic services usually underestimate migration . 
  so comparing ukrainian estimates ( 13 years since last census ) with russian census is comparing apples with oranges . 
   russian only grows about 40-50 ,000 , which i ca n't put down to anything more than natural growth what natural growth ? 
  ukraine is one of the fastest dying countries . 
  population of ukraine dropped from 48.7 m in 2001 to 45.3 m in 2013 . 
  population of crimea ( without sevastopol ) dropped too , from 2024k in 2001 to 1959k in 2013 ( according to ukrstat , which can be an overestimation ) and 1891k in 2014 russian census . 
  so if russian population grew instead of declining , it can be attributed to the people switching their ethnicity , reported as ukrainians in ukrainian census , reported as russians in russian census . 
  edit : note that there is nothing usual in these switches . 
  after the collapse of the ussr , it happened in the opposite direction in ukraine . 
  ukraine 1989 - 37.4 m ukrainians , 11.4 m russians . 
  ukraine 2001 - 37.5 m ukrainians , 8.3 m russians . 
  people want to identify themselves with titular nation . 
  and obviously very few in crimea want to identify themselves with their crazy neighbor , especially after all the ridiculous stunts of the angry loser like cutting out electricity . 
   they did leave . 
  no , they did n't . 
  find me this 200k-strong exodus . 
  [ ukrainian officials ] ( http://www.dsns.gov.ua/ua/mizhvidomchiy-koordinaciyniy-shtab.html ) report 1039k refugees from donbass and 23k refugees from crimea . 
  22768 , so around 1 % of crimean population . 
   large part of the ukrainian population left they did n't leave , they just identified themselves as russians in russian census . 
  very few people actually physically left crimea -- there are few idiots to emigrate from russia to ukraine . 
  it should be noted that these 17 % of crimeans self-identified as ukrainians do n't support ukraine , they are ukrainians of pro-russian sort . 
  they speak russian and support reunification with russia . 
  there were at least two polls of crimean opinions per enthicity . 
  [ in gallup 's poll ] ( https://www.bbg.gov/wp-content/media/2014/06/ukraine-slide-deck.pdf ) 68 % of crimean ukrainians recognize legitimacy of the referendum , in [ the open opinion 's poll ] ( http://openopinion.ru/content_res/articles/oo_crimea_brief.pdf ) 84 % of crimeans self-identified as ukrainians supported reunification . 
  the least supportive ethnicity is crimean tatars , but even they are 50/50 approximately . 
  that 's entirely fine for us , just stupid . 
  you are free to act silly in mutually damaging way , of course . 
  anyway , sooner or later , we will keep crimea and no sanctions . 
  it seems you are busy watching historical movies . 
  the ruble is growing . 
  lol , why the hell would we gift crimea to ukraine again , if more than 90 % of crimeans want to stay in russia ? 
  crimea is a part of russia and it will stay part of russia . 
  you 'd better to suck it up already . 
  yes , it was organized by russia and it violated some agreements . 
  that 's a significant simplification , but it 's mostly true . 
  however , that 's also true that kruschev transfered predominantly russian region to ukraine like it was a bag of potatoes , that crimeans always sought independence from ukraine , that ukraine imposed on crimea some imperialistic ukrainization policies , and that ~ 90 % of crimeans support reunification with russia . 
   the victims were chechen militants accused of the bloody bombing of moscow 's domodedovo airport earlier that year - an attack in which 37 people died and 170 were injured the fuck am i reading . 
  `` the victims '' , really ? 
  well , after support salafi jihadist 's cause in syria by the western press , i should not be surprised . 
   on the morning of 10 december 2014 , an uzbek cleric , abdullah bukhari , arrived at a madrassah , an islamic school , also located in the zeytinburnu district of istanbul . 
  bbc paints him as some sort of dissident ( opponent of the regime !, 
  ) , but in fact he was a jihadist preacher . 
  rfe/rl article on this guy : http://rus.ozodlik.org/a/27814208.html `` he preached that for muslims ( including muslims of uzbekistan ) it 's a holy duty to participate in jihad against assad 's regime '' , `` bukhari openly claimed that if he would be forced to choose between kufr countries and the islamic state that lives under sharia law , he would select the islamic state '' . 
  he was a member of the [ islamic movement of uzbekistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_movement_of_uzbekistan ) that merged into the isis recently , but then he was kicked out of it , because he stole some money or something like that . 
  the same article claims that hundreds or even thousands uzbeks went through bukhari 's islamic schools . 
  no wonder there are so many uzbeks fighting in syria . 
  [ this article ] ( https://regnum.ru/news/polit/1881046.html ) in russian media says he was one of the key figures in recruiting uzbek fighters for syria and iraq -- i do n't know if it 's true , but it 's pretty easy to believe . 
  obviously , bbc do n't see any problem that turkey is a safe harbor for people like him . 
  i do n't see a link with russia though . 
  no , i totally do n't mind our special services knocking out this guy , it would be nice , but i just do n't see a link . 
  two persons were convicted for this assassination were an uzbek and a turk . 
  russian involvement never was proven . 
   but what interest could russia possibly have in organising the assassination of opponents of the uzbek regime ? 
  mark galeotti says that by `` being a good friend to tyrants in the region '' moscow is able to maintain its authority . 
  putin was such a good friend to karimov that he did n't visit his funerals . 
  relations with uzbekistan never were great . 
  and they claim that russian special forces decided to assassinate personal enemies of karimov abroad just to be good friends with him ? 
  stupid , but good enough for an average bbc reader . 
   but refuse to believe that putin organized 2nd chechen war by bombing civilians oh , not that retarded shit again . 
  yes , i refuse to believe to that , because that 's just an idiotic conspiracy theory invented by berezovsky , when he was kicked out of the country . 
  this theory is not based on anything at all , there is not a single bit of evidence proving it , but conspiratards are going around with it like it 's a proven fact . 
  wahhabi jihadists from caucasus committed numerous bombing attacks before and after apartments bombings , they took children as hostages , they kidnapped and beheaded british engineers in 1998 , they invaded dagestan in july 1999 and beheaded russian pows , and so on , and so on . 
  for some conspiratards do n't care about all this stuff , for some reason they only care about 4 terrorist attacks in 1999 . 
   the evidence of military explosions found in one of appartment buildings that havent been detonated yet ? 
  those were poorly organized exercises .
