  half of it were the things that were already on agenda of moscow government , the other half was bs and populism . 
  as always he did n't forget about illegal immigration even in his mayoral campaign . 
  and just like trump navalny never held any public office -- if you do n't count his short career as an advisor of kirov oblast 's governor . 
  his kirov 's adventure lasted just a few months , but he managed to get involved in some incredibly shady schemes -- including the `` kirovles affair '' , when he tried to funnel all sales of state-owned enterprise kirovles through a shell-company of his friend . 
  freedom of religion is not a blank cheque , just like freedom of speech that have tons of limitations even in the western countries . 
  if hate speech is banned , so should be hate religions . 
  aaand it was the right thing not to reprint their `` funny '' comics humiliating ordinary people 's faith , majority of whom had nothing to do with the terrorists . 
  i guess , if antifas would murder neo-nazi cartoonists , media would not reprint neo-nazi cartoons either . 
  you do n't have to agree with the murdered person to condemn the murder . 
   who 's to say that we wo n't see `` concerned citizens '' suddenly acquire tanks and rifles tomorrow in other parts of the country ? 
  like concerned bearded salafi citizens in syria who acquired tows and brand-new mlrs ? 
  that criticism would have more weight , if not coming from a guy with flag of the country that invades a new country every few years . 
  anyway , it 's just not true . 
  perpetual war makes ukraine less safe , not more . 
  russia can just boost military capabilities of dnr/lnr ( yes , they have significant own forces ) and watch for ukrainian army collapsing . 
  it 's much harder to start new war from scratch than boosting an existing war . 
  would dnr/lnr be peaceful part of russia with recognized borders , something like that would be much less likely to happen . 
  continuing war ukraine ca n't win is not in ukrainian interests . 
   trying again with mariupol russia never `` tried '' with mariupol . 
  pro-russian forces already were able to easily overtake mariupol in august-september 2014 , when it was practically not defended , and pro-russian forces were advancing at high speed . 
  instead russia signed the minsk agreement , which stopped the offensive and contained steps to reintegrate dnr/lnr into ukraine . 
  why would russia miss the golden opportunity to take mariupol ( why do russia even need it ? 
  ) , let ukraine to organize its defense , and then attack it again -- i have no idea . 
  but propaganda does n't have to be logical . 
   it 's an independence struggle . 
  yeah , struggle of donbass and crimea for independence from ukraine . 
   they are very determined to defend the land to the last man indeed , people from kyiv and western ukraine are very determined to defend donbass from donbass people to the last man of donbass :') that 's inconvenient truth for people like you , but only very small minority of pro-ukrainian fighters are locals from donbass , while absolute majority of pro-russian donbass forces are locals ( no , not buryats or not altai armored spetsnaz ) . 
  if somebody is defending their home in this war -- that 's donbass . 
  not a single bomb hit lviv , while thousands of donbass civilians were killed in ukrainian shelling . 
   until russia falls apart even . 
  a man can dream though . 
  anyway , in case of ukrainian nationalists , it 's the best thing he can really do . 
  that 's nice , because these people do n't want to have anything to do with ukraine either . 
  seems like consensus . 
  that 's my reaction as well . 
  if he wants to get to valhalla , he is an unusual islamist . 
  also , his vk contains swastikas , ss , vikings , black sun , death 's head division , nazi salutes , and so on . 
  ordinary nazi stuff . 
  nothing even remotely related to islam . 
  however , on one of the videos of his training he screams `` allahu akbar '' , the witnesses have heard screaming that during the attack . 
  isis claimed the responsibility . 
  after all , nothing stops you from being both islamist and neo-nazi . 
  i follow the syrian civil war and amaq ( de facto isis news agency ) is pretty reliable . 
  tbh , they are sadly more reliable than some official news sources . 
  they did n't claim responsibility for the st. petersburg metro bombing or for recent stockholm vehicular attack for example . 
  and i do n't remember proven false claims on their side . 
  it seems that our media correctly reported that he was a neo-nazi islamist . 
  he reposted pic `` greet your sons , valhalla '' with ss soldiers in background today , and he had plenty of other neo-nazi and pagan stuff in his vk account . 
  nothing related to islam though . 
  but isis took the responsibility for the attack , they generally do n't take responsibility for attacks they are not related to . 
  according to rbc 's sources in the fsb , he was a member of a small neo-nazi group `` stoltz khabarovsk '' known for their attacks on lgbt activists . 
  according to lifenews ( not a very trustworthy source ) , he was converted to islam 2 years ago . 
  some weird story . 
  lol , so much bs . 
  of course , it was very different from every single survey taken , because it measured entirely different thing -- frequency of posts/comments in support of one of the candidates in social media . 
  it 's not a poll , it would be very strange if it would be identical to polls . 
  that 's the original article : http://blog.br-analytics.ru/prognozirovanie-vyborov-vo-frantsii-vesna-2017/ that 's what this company is doing - doing [ analytics of social media ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_media_analytics ) . 
  that 's not a pollster , they never claim they are . 
   the national polling commission stated that the poll ( which was conducted by a moscow-based firm ) had not followed proper sampling procedures . 
  no shit . 
  because it was n't a poll . 
  i read the articles in sputnik -- and yet again , they do n't misrepresent it as as a poll , not to mention they also include results of pollsters ifop , ipsos , and opinionway -- and the results of the pollsters included in the article _ first _ . 
  brand analytics is clearly described as results based on social media analysis . 
  so yet again western propaganda lied about russian media , brave / r/europe fighters against russian `` fake news '' disseminate fake news themselves . 
   so , if we ca n't solve the problem completely , we should n't do anything about it ? 
  well , maybe we should do _ something _ , but not useless populist measures proposed by navalny . 
  we already have black lists ( 700.000 new persons were added to the list of people banned from entry in 2014 alone ) , we already deport illegals , visa regime will add nothing new . 
  it also implies that russia is not doing anything about illegal migrants -- that 's not true . 
   then maybe they are n't illegal migrants , or maybe they have limited rights to work in russia ? 
  he proposes visa regime with all the eaeu countries as well . 
  right from his last interview : https://youtu.be/bf9zvypachs?t=2439 according to navalny , we need visa regime with kazakhstan too , because while migration from kazakhstan is not a problem , illegal migrants from other countries may enter through kazakhstan . 
  i do n't see any logic here , but anyway . 
  good enough for navalny 's fans . 
  overall the [ navalny 's program ] ( https://2018.navalny.com/platform/ ) is pretty amusing ( google translate , because i am lazy ) :  * russia needs a visa regime with central asia and the countries of transcaucasia . 
  labor migrants must come on working visas , and not uncontrolled as they are now . 
   * russia should be the leading country in europe and asia . 
  the country should expand its influence through economic power and cultural expansion , including the support of the russian language throughout the world  aleksei navalny has for many years been in favor of a visa regime with the countries of central asia and transcaucasia , and for equal cooperation with the european union . 
  gastarbeiters should come only on working visas , to a specific employer for a specific workplace , where they really can not be dispensed with . 
  for the whole world , russia should become an economically attractive country with which all want to cooperate and which everyone respects , because its citizens live dignified and rich . 
  the driver of cultural expansion would be visa regimes with all the countries that still are not hostile to russia , i guess . 
  i am not a fan of navalny , he is a populist , and i strongly doubt about his trustworthiness . 
  however , i ca n't agree about that criticism . 
  he is a russian politician . 
  not georgian . 
  not ukrainian . 
  why should he want to gift russian land with 2.000.000 russian citizens to ukraine against _ both _ the will of the crimeans and the will of the mainland russian population ? 
  in russia it 's not a priority issue # 1 and , frankly , not an issue at all . 
  why should a _ russian _ politician care about the internal problems of ukraine ? 
  people who propose to immediately transfer crimea back like kasparov are not even real politicians , they are just old people who shit-talk about russia in twitter and they would not get more than 1 % even in the most fair elections . 
  also on the crimea issue navalny proposes the second referendum , it can be a reasonable compromise with the west and it 's the most extreme position that realistically can be accepted by russia . 
  it 's similar to the yabloko 's position or even khodorkovsky 's position . 
  also navalny wants to withdraw from syria and stop supporting lnr/dnr . 
  i dislike both these ideas , but it 's a significant shift in russian foreign policy . 
  there are a lot of similar videos , e.g. 
  '' [ the constitution of slavery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnfd5ke1njy ) '' from 2015 . 
  they are rambling about russian constitution , claiming that it was written by the west as a capitulation treaty after the defeat in the cold war to cement russian colonial status . 
  according to the video , apparently the articles of the constitution guaranteeing freedom of mass media and banning censorship were part of evil western plot to enslave russia . 
  the style of these video is pretty similar , maybe some studio mass-produce this propaganda . 
  hmm , it seems that visa requirements did n't save the us from illegal migrants . 
  navalny have to build the wall \u2122 , it 's the only way to solve all the problems with illegal workers , drug traffic and islamists .
