  look at the southern front -- it 's silent , russia talked with jordan ( to be honest , jordan was never as crazy as western countries in the first place ) . 
  it was n't russia who walked out of negotiations . 
  and these idiotic accusations against russia from france ( ! ), 
  would not help anything . 
  oh , other actors _ just _ support sunni islamist groups against relatively secular government in multinational and multi-religious country . 
  they _ just _ add fire in a conflict that last more than 5 years and killed more than 300k already , that 's like 100x more than russia allegedly killed . 
  adding fire without any realistic end game plan -- is n't it great a behavior of good `` other actors '' ? 
  evil russia at least knows what is it doing and makes peace closer . 
  sorry , but russia just cleanups the shit brought by you , the western wankers . 
  and russia is going to finish this job , no matter how loud the choir of hypocritical us client states is going to whine about removal of their [ beloved child-beheaders ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/20/middleeast/boy-beheaded-in-syria/ ) . 
  i do n't see how is it different from the wikipedia article i linked to . 
  ~ 500 civilians were killed . 
   why not use numbers from the current conflict from sohr ? 
  you are using numbers from that `` sohr '' guy , cherry-picking sources and conflicts , but saying somebody else is disingenuous ? 
  hmm . 
  ok , check other recent conflicts , war in donbass ( 2000 + killed civilians , mostly in result of ukrainian shelling and bombing ) , israel-gaza 2014 bombing campaign (  1500 killed civilians , 40-70 % of total dead according to different estimates ) , saudi-coalition campaign in yemen ( 2000 + killed civilians ) . 
  somehow , i do n't remember france calling to investigate these countries in war crimes . 
  it 's a lie . 
  france went far beyond scope of un resolution in libya . 
  ah , this sweet whataboutism . 
  when somebody points to hypocrisy , double standards in similar situations , selective justice , just say something random about whataboutism . 
  upvotes in / r/europe are guaranteed - as long as you are against russia , of course . 
   syrian network for human rights what an awesome organization . 
  literally a single anti-assad sunni muslim sitting in london . 
  methodology is unknown , sources are unknown . 
  but it 's entirely ok as long as it 's anti-russian , i guess . 
  but even if you are going to take his claims at face value . 
  according to him , russian airstrikes killed 3804 civilians , 2746 members of isis , and 2814 militants from other islamic groups . 
  a bit different picture from the picture painted by you , is n't it ? 
  let 's compare with other bombing campaigns . 
  for example , [ bombing of yugoslavia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia ) france participated in : * civilians : federal republic of yugoslavia human rights watch verified that around 500 civilians died as a result of air attacks , nearly 60 % of whom were in kosovo . 
  [ 15 ] [ 16 ] ~ ~ serbian sources estimated between 1,200 and 5,700 civilian deaths . ~ ~ ( edit : see below ) * soldiers : 956-1 ,200 killed , 5,173 wounded and 52 missing so nato countries - pretty please , shut the fuck up . 
   on my train home from work , i hear many foreign dialects , and as the years go on it becomes more noticeable . 
  god . 
  poor guy . 
  just look at these terrible things he had to went through due to immigration -- and instead of support , he and his `` countrymen are consistently stereotyped and attacked '' . 
  `` what happened to the spirit of europe '' , indeed ? 
   it has never been falsified yet . 
  sure , because this mumbo-jumbo is not falsifiable -- just like other cults that try very hard to sell themselves like science . 
  and that 's why it should not be anywhere near to schools -- like creationism or marxism . 
   while russia is specifically targeting hospitals and aid convoys and never ever admits it did something wrong . 
  i agree that bombing of saa forces by the us under deir-ez-zor was most likely just a mistake -- there was no point for the us to do it on purpose . 
  but bombing of the aid convoy by russia was most likely just a mistake as well . 
  and when you say in similar situations that the us `` makes mistakes '' , while russia `` specifically targeting hospitals and aid convoys '' -- that looks weird . 
  nope , sorry . 
  we did , we do , and we will pursue our own independent foreign policy . 
  and we do n't give a fuck about american opinion on that . 
   fuck off russia i like your attitude , but too bad you forgot to say this in 1877 . 
  the same moment from the other side . 
  official translation : http://www.mid.ru/en/foreign_policy/news/-/asset_publisher/cknonkje02bw/content/id/2475728  maria zakharova : russia is disappointed that nothing has changed in the investigation into the boeing crash . 
  the conclusions reached by the dutch public prosecutor 's office confirm that the investigation is biased and politically motivated . 
   arbitrarily laying blame and engaging in wishful thinking has become the norm for our western colleagues . 
  i would like to ask them : when will it be enough ? 
   from the very start russia suggested working together and relying on facts alone . 
  however , the international investigators excluded russia from fully participating in the investigation and assigned a secondary role to its efforts . 
  it sounds like a bad joke but instead they made ukraine a full member of the joint investigation team ( jit ) , allowing it to forge evidence and steer the matter in its favour . 
   the investigators continue to ignore russia 's irrefutable evidence , even though it is essentially the only country that has provided credible information and continues to uncover new information . 
   and one more important point i 'd like to mention . 
  everything that forms the evidentiary foundation of the case was supplied to the dutch public prosecutor 's office by ukraine , which is certainly an interested party . 
   we hope now that russia has transferred to the jit such indisputable evidence as initial radar images -- and any expert will understand why it is indisputable -- the situation will change and the jit 's final conclusions , unlike its preliminary conclusions , will reflect the objective truth and point to the real perpetrators of this tragedy . 
  worry not , russia already supplied to jit indisputable evidence . 
  that 's just a hobby . 
  like industrial climbing or base-jumping . 
  some people like it , and stupid cartoons would not change anything . 
  i do n't get the hate . 
  the government started the whole campaign against trainsurfers . 
  trainsurfing communities in vk were blocked after court decision and roskomnadzor request . 
  they are whining because our donation to their cause was n't big enough ? 
  moreover , they _ accepted _ donation , but still are whining ? 
  did i understand it correctly ? 
  o_o ask for money -  take money -  insult donor . 
  interesting behavioral pattern . 
   the red army and romanian forces had fought together for europe 's independence indeed . 
  especially under stalingrad . 
  we were like a team !, 
  if the romanian army would not be so weak , encirclement of the germans would be much harder if even possible . 
  thanks , guys for helping to defeat nazism . 
   the correct pr move , in my opinion , would have simply been to acknowledge the mistake and pay reparations to the family members russia rarely admits any fault on its side recently . 
  * killed civilians in georgia ? 
  western fakes . 
  * shelling of volnovakha ? 
  it was not shelling at all , it was a ukrainian mine !, 
  * shelling of mariupol or kramatorsk ? 
  ukrainian army shells itself . 
  * bombed humanitarian convoy in syria ? 
  terrorist 's provocation . 
  * killed civilians in syria ? 
  that 's not us . 
  we bomb only terrorists . 
  russia never does anything wrong . 
  maybe it makes sense , especially for internal market -- that 's what russians want to hear , and they are easily going to believe it . 
  even in cases in which russia officially admitted its guilt ( kal-007 , katyn , budanov murdered chechen girl , various stalin 's crimes ) , conspiracy or revisionist theories are still popular among people . 
  sorry , a bad day , so i am being a bit combative , and also it 's a bit hard not to be flown away by cold war rhetorics from both sides . 
  that 's said , i completely disagree with putin = hitler equation . 
  what 's so hitlery about him ? 
  putin introduced article 282 ( more or less , hate crime law ) , a lot of nationalistic or neo-nazi organizations were destroyed . 
  he is authoritarian , but so are the most of ex-soviet leaders . 
  his exchange with medvedev looks funny , but at least he did n't change the constitution -- other ex-soviet leaders just removed two terms clause from their constituions . 
  putin 's human rights record is poor , but comparing to many other leaders , putin is a liberal . 
  putin 's `` expansionism '' and `` aggressiveness '' in a significant part is just an attempt to preserve status quo .
