  yeah , the do it all the time intentionally shelling residential areas with mortars and grads to put the blame on ukrainian army and win international sympathy . 
  hundreds of civilians were killed in these attacks already . 
  it 's sorta novel terrorist tactics , and it 's quite effective . 
  western press ( and hrw ) happily swallowed the bait and started their `` ukrainians indiscriminately use grads in civilian areas '' song . 
  nobody can explain the point for ua army to do so , though . 
  terrorists \\*, 
   that 's the sort of thing that gets your source killed . 
  good if so , but sadly it 's very unlikely . 
  he did n't say anything not yet known . 
  they need to replace su-25 with mig-29 or su-27 in their lie -- it would look a bit less ridiculous , and they changed their lie so many times that nobody would bat an eye . 
  that said the fragments of the boeing clearly have damage typical for a surface-to-air missile , so `` ukrainian buk that secretly sneaked in the enemy rear '' seems to be a better lie . 
  you mean no evidence except photos , videos , documents , witness reports , satellite shots , intercepted phone calls ? 
  yes , absolutely no evidence , it seems that buks , tanks , grads , russian-only produced arms just materialized on the territory of ukraine out of nowhere . 
  wikipedia :  a mercenary [ 1 ] is a person who takes part in an armed conflict , who is not a national or a party to the conflict and is `` motivated to take part in the hostilities by the desire for private gain . 
  '' [ 2 ] [ 3 ] some of people who fight for `` novorossiya '' are mercenaries but i do n't think it 's a correct general term for them . 
  there are ( or at least there _ were _ ) non-negligible number of locals among them , also many fight for the idea , not for monetary gains . 
  i am russian , but pro-ukrainian redditor . 
  yes , it does . 
  it 's neither neutral nor correct ( ` rebels ' arrived from a foreign country , controlled by a foreign country , armed by a foreign country , oh yeah ) . 
  if they consider ` terrorists ' or ` guerrillas ' not neutral , there is a neutral term ` militant ' for unlawful irregular military forces , maybe ` insurgent ' . 
  it was an accident that this particular boeing was shot down . 
  it was n't an accident that a civilian plane was shot down . 
  they were firing on everything in the skies , including civilian planes , but they had only manpads and sa-13 before that were not able hit targets at these altitudes . 
  read [ this tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/lugansk_today/status/483223304770453504 ) by @lugansk_today from june 29 :  idiots from the lnr fired from manpad on a flying over civilian plane kharkiv-tbilisi . 
  they shot near to the vnu [ east ukrainian volodymyr dahl national university ] and it was far from the only case . 
  it was a crime to give buks to these people . 
  what about operators of the buk -- of course , they were professionals . 
  also , separatists bragged about support from russian side after shooting down an-26 themselves -- that the target was `` lightened '' by radar on russian territory , and it was confirmed from ukrainian side . 
  putin gave to a bunch of murderous crazies a weapon of incredible power . 
  result -- rain of dead bodies of innocent people , like in breaking bad . 
  moreover , most likely the buk was operated by regular russian armed forces servicemen with support from russian army from russian territory under direct orders of russian government ( putin ) . 
  he is personally guilty in this murder . 
  oh , do n't worry about him . 
  he is directly responsible for far more deaths of innocent civilians . 
  it seems that people here do n't understand how bad these guys are . 
  strelkov 's people intentionally shelled residential areas of sloviansk , kramatorsk , luhansk , etc. , killing hundreds of civilians , it was and still is part of their tactics . 
  the only thing they are sorry in this incident -- that it has devastating effect for their image . 
   russia beyond the headlines is a news and information resource sponsored by the rossiyskaya gazeta publishing house . 
   rossiyskaya gazeta is the russian government 's official newspaper of record and provides the official publication of all laws and government decrees , for which it gets compensation from the federal budget . 
  seriously ? 
  so people upvote state sponsored russian propaganda in / r/europe nowadays ? 
  edit : according to the very same federal migration service , [ in march there were 1.6 million of ukrainian citizens on the territory of russia ] ( http://ria.ru/world/20140307/998661922.html ) . 
  according to the link , there are 1.8 m of them now . 
  how they got this 500 thousands figure ? 
  _ some _ acts of _ some _ maidan protesters were borderline terrorist , e.g. 
  like arson against the office of the party of regions . 
  acts of the thugs on donbass are terroristic by a mile . 
   i 'm guessing they just go underground and radicalise . 
  it will not happen . 
  age of 2/3 of people who vote for communist party of ukraine is higher than 50 years , almost half is older than 60 years . 
  they would not radicalize or go underground ( well , ... ) . 
  also , there is a _ huge _ difference between communism and parties like communist party of ukraine or communist party of russian federation . 
   former communists former members of communist party . 
  it 's not enforced however , they have former members of communist party . 
   yes of course . 
  you may be interested in the dictionary definitions of `` racism '' and `` xenophobia '' then . 
   deputies from the parliament are elected . 
  sure , just like svoboda mps . 
   so you do n't agree they 're racist and xenophobic , as claimed , despite what i just quoted from their official website , disciminating against e.g. , atheists and communists . 
  huh , are you even serious ? 
  anti-communist and religious party does n't accept communists and atheists as its members , and you consider it an example of `` racism and xenophobia '' ? 
  yes , words have all kind of meanings . 
  for example , they have legal meanings . 
  for example , in ukraine `` terrorism '' is defined by [ article 258 of the criminal code ] ( http://kodeksy.com.ua/ka/ugolovnyj_kodeks_ukraini/statja-258.htm ) . 
  google translate :  the terrorist act , the use of a weapon , an explosion , arson or other acts that endanger human life or health , or cause significant property damage or other grave consequences if such acts are committed for the purpose of violating public security , intimidating the population , provoking a military conflict , international complications , or to influence the decision or act or omission of action by state or local governments , officials of these bodies , associations of citizens , legal persons , or to draw public attention to certain political , religious or other views culprit ( terrorist ) russia and other countries have similar definitions . 
  it 's cool that you have your own definitions of words , but it does n't mean that words suddenly lost their meanings because of that . 
  your comment where you blame svoboda for hate speech -- try to find an example of real hate speech on their site . 
  and of course the eu parliament ( some strange organ that 's filled with all kind of nazis itself ) resolution . 
  oh , not again this svoboda nonsense . 
  * attacks on civilian objects on their own territory to blame ukrainian army . 
  sounds crazy , but that 's what they actually do -- at first in sloviansk and kramatorsk , now ( since the flight of separatists from sloviansk ) [ in luhansk ] ( http://www.citynews.net.ua/news/35050-ubivshaya-8-iyulya-v-luganske-passazhirov-marshrutki-mina-byla-vypuschena-terroristami-a-ne-ukrainskoy-armiey.html ) . 
  dozens civilians ( maybe even up to a few hundreds ) were killed in these pointless false flag attacks . 
  * random killings , kidnappings for ransom , etc. 
  often for minor reasons or no reason at all . 
  10 month old kid was killed in antratsyt from a grenade launcher , person was killed in luhansk ( if i remember correctly ) for recording separatists on his phone , 3 road police officers were killed in donetsk few days ago , and so on -- on the territory controlled by separatists that happens daily . 
  * intimidation ( kidnapping , beating , etc. ), 
  of people who do n't share their views . 
  two popular pro-ukrainian microbloggers were identified by separatists and forced to close their twitter accounts yesterday . 
  if you wear ukrainian symbolics , you are going to have bad time . 
  * sabotage on the railroad , blowing up bridges , damaging railways , other destruction of infrastructure , etc. 
  yes , they are terrorists . 
  one more photo of the flag over sloviansk : http://imgur.com/re6jae8, 
  well , you have the point , maybe you are right . 
  top comment -- whataboutism ( maybe it does n't look like this taken out of context , but remembering other comments by that user , i 'm pretty sure it was their intention ) . 
  second one -- implicit false equivalence between `` media manipulation by russia '' and `` rfel funded by the us congress '' . 
  ok , that 's all . 
  i grant only two wishes for random annoying internet strangers . 
  you had to ask for eternal life . 
  i 'm yours to command . 
   false equivalence is a logical fallacy which describes a situation where there is a logical and apparent equivalence , but when in fact there is none . 
  it would be the antonym of the mathematical concept of material equivalence . 
   whataboutism is a term for the tu quoque logical fallacy popularized by the economist for describing the use of the fallacy by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war . 
  the tactic was used when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , wherein the response would be `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world loosely similar to the original item of criticism . 
  it represents a case of tu quoque or the appeal to hypocrisy , a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent 's position by asserting the opponent 's failure to act consistently in accordance with that position , without directly refuting or disproving the opponent 's initial argument . 
  yup . 
  i know the meanings of these words . 
   but i 'm sure you can prove me wrong . 
  sure , i can . 
  the journalist was killed in the provocation staged by separatists , read [ the article in russian forbes ] ( http://www.forbes.ru/sobytiya/obshchestvo/261363-pozyvnoi-gyurza-kto-podstavil-zhurnalistov-pod-puli-v-donetske ) of another russian journalist who was there during the clash ( in russian ) . 
  itt : whataboutism and false equivalences .
