  but at least he cares about nanotechnologies , modernization , selfies , gadgets , social networks -- not religion , traditional values , conflict against the west or turning the country into a military camp . 
   bribing and lobbying are some serious allegations and should be investigated . 
  when navalny was an advisor of the kirov 's governor and curated kirovles he lobbied proxy company of his friend ofitserov . 
  khodorkovsky had huge tax evasion schemes in russia of 1990s . 
  they are not in position to have any moral high ground here . 
  russia was significantly different both in internal and foreign policy when medvedev was the president of russia . 
  he was n't just a puppet . 
  also , in 2030 putin would be just too old to still be the leader . 
  sooner or later he should go . 
  it 's funny that the so-called liberal opposition attacks the most liberal out of all realistic putin 's successors . 
  ok , they would get someone like volodin then in 2024 , i guess they would be happy . 
  these fucking idiots are just incapable of compromise . 
  `` boo , so you are a fag . 
  a fag and also a kike . 
  fags are being banned here . 
  not to mention the kikes . 
  ( c ) navalny , 2007 edition `` of course we all want to hit the rodents ' ( georgian ) hq with a cruise missile , but that 's exactly what the rodents want '' ( c ) navalny , 2008 edition - to be fair , he apologized for `` the rodents '' later , much later he was an ethnic russian nationalist , participated in the russian marches , used nationalist rhetorics all the time about illegal immigrants and stuff , but when the nationalist movement lost its steam and public sympathies , he moved to this corruption thing that will always be relevant in any country . 
  and he is not in position to be russian anti-corruption fighter # 1 . 
  when in 2009 he was an advisor of kirov 's governor , he immediately started money extraction scheme from state-owned enterprise kirovles through proxy shell-company of his friend ofitserov . 
  i am less sure about yves rocher case , i am not sure if the things brothers navalny did were illegal , but they still did some really shady things there . 
  no way i am going to trust that guy . 
  still , i support him . 
  he is a talented populist . 
  sort of our trump . 
  he feel people , he can find hot topics people will care about . 
  he is also flexible enough . 
  it 's impressive that he managed to restart the whole thing , to organize protests that large after crimea , after crackdown on protests , fighting uphill battle . 
  there is not other such charismatic leader in the whole russian opposition . 
  it 's interesting that rt.com coverage seems to be significantly more objective than coverage of domestic pro-kremlin media in russia . 
  at least they cover protests in cities other than moscow and even mention that some of these protests were sanctioned ( ! ) . 
  and even made it top news -- unlike russian media , which cares about eurovision story far more . 
  the ways were already found , it 's a question of cost and feasibility . 
  electricity from natural gas stations is dirt-cheap , even cheaper than nuclear . 
  the public image of police significantly improved since 2000s https://openrussia.org/post/view/778/ edgy kids and retards exist no only in youtube comments , but in real life as well . 
  these protests attract that sort of people . 
  during euromaidan 16 police officers were killed by protesters -- and i do n't believe in conspiracy theories about `` third force '' . 
  navalny has two suspended sentences for his kirovles and yves rocher schemes ; he violated terms of his home arrest in 2015 and was n't punished -- police just worked as taxi delivering him back to home ; he got nothing for the bolotnaya protests , while other people got prison time . 
  yes , if he will be released again after inciting mass riots -- it would be weird , but i would not be surprised . 
  people from youtube comments who are happy about `` dog of putin 's regime '' -- are they provocateurs as well ? 
  someday it will happen . 
  in 100 years probably , but not anytime soon . 
  hydropower potential is limited and mostly already used , nuclear power has social stigma associated it , solar and wind are too variable . 
  batteries can be used , but what the point if natural gas stations that already exist will produce the same dispatchable energy cheaper than batteries ? 
  of course , renewable energy will have larger market share in , say , 2050 , but far from 100 % . 
  damn , some idiot hit riot policeman . 
  he is in hospital with head injury . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fblzpxi9bi i wonder if navalny finally will get prison time . 
  it would be weird if he will be released for mysterious reasons again . 
  yes , more or less independent media cover the protests nicely -- meduza , vedomosti , rbc , novaya gazeta , fontanka , rosbalt , tv rain , kommersant . 
  if you think that fossil fuels will be obsolete anytime in the foreseeable future , you are delusional . 
  solar/wind generation is too unstable to work without help of thermal power station plants . 
  natural gas will slowly replace coal and its consumption will only increase in the foreseeable future -- and russia has the largest natural gas reserves in the world . 
   putin , putin , putin russia has its own development in area of hydrogen-powered trains . 
  back in 1980s there were even experiments [ hydrogen-powered civilian planes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tupolev_tu-155 ) . 
  also there is russian [ lng-powered locomotive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mu7vgyymay ) . 
  it 's just so far these things are cool , but unsustainable . 
  when and if these cool things will be economically feasible , russia will switch to them -- but not earlier . 
  ria published an article about it too : https://ria.ru/society/20170326/1490824223.html significant coverage of detentions , etc. , zero about demands . 
  and still entirely nothing about protests in other cities . 
   [ official live stream on yt ] 123.000 people watching . 
  impressive . 
  edit : total silence in russian media . 
  http://imgur.com/a/sctti according to news aggregators the most important news are about samoilova and eurovision . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  oil price more than halved , but russian economy already returned to growth . 
  russia is one of the world leaders in nuclear energy , we will adapt to the new age . 
  russia existed for centuries before the age of oil and will exist for centuries after it -- with solar and thermonuclear energy , space colonies , robots and ai . 
  and in 15 years from now new doom-prophets will again predict collapse of russia in 15 years -- maybe even in this very subreddit . 
  reforms in progressive pro-western ukraine :  2014 112th position ( it 's the last yanukovich 's one , doing business 2014 was based on data from 2012-2013 )  2017 80 reforms in decaying backward totalitarian russia :  2014 92  2017 40 both countries declared that this rating is an important indicator for them , both countries tried to improve their rank here . 
  even if it 's just optimization for this rating for pr , russian government is doing it better . 
  that 's not fake , just a very biased propagandist report , but it conforms with your worldview , so you started that silly b-b-but-but memeing . 
  no , less than 100 % support reunification with russia . 
  `` just '' 90 % . 
  and 1-3 % still support ukraine , according to different polls . 
  and indeed there were some repressions in crimea . 
  for example , islamist organization [ hizb ut-tahrir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hizb_ut-tahrir ) that wants to reestablish the caliphate was legal and popular in ukrainian crimea , but banned and considered extremist in russia ( it 's also banned in turkey and germany ) . 
  clearly they were just some moderate pro-democracy guys -- just look at their democratic black flag , but evil putin decided to crack down on them for no reason . 
  the `` tatar activist '' in the video was arrested for 11 days exactly for posting hizb ut-tahrir symbolics in social networks . 
  if you 'll read the vk profile of that `` dissident '' , it 's full about reestablishing of the caliphate , hizb ut-tahrir , evil jews and shit , so he was n't falsely accused . 
  as a russian i fully support raids by special services these candidates into isis cannon fodder , but it seems that for europe it 's some terrible crackdown on freedom of thought -- too bad russia is a sovereign country and do n't give a fuck about their opinions . 
  edit : oh , i scrolled a bit down his vk profile wall , and see reposts from terrorist site kavkaz center , reposts from pro-isis vk group `` one ummah . 
  one flag . 
  one state '' , posts sympathetic to isis and celebrating their gains in iraq . 
  what a nice unfairly accused `` crimean dissident '' was found by france24 :') evil putin just hates freedumz . 
   i am so happy that the russians are always blaming the americans for everybody 's you should apply things you wrote to yourself , considering that in this subreddit people always blame russia for any bad thing happening in this universe . 
  while the west is clearly hypocritical on this issue , the problem is complex . 
  population of modern abkhazia is less than half of 1989 abkhazian population . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_abkhazia#historical_developments in 1989 abkazhs were a minority , georgians were ethnically cleansed out of there since then . 
  also , abkhazia controls some regions [ that still have georgian majority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gali_district,_abkhazia ) . 
  georgia is the best winner of these recalculations . 
  georgian population was significantly overestimated before the last census in 2014 - 4.3 m instead of real 3.7 m , so more than 15 % higher than real population . 
  so gdp/gni/etc per capita were significantly underestimated . 
  in 2014 they had gni per capita $ 7164 ( 2011 ppp $ ) , while in 2015 it jumped to $ 8856 . 
  they jumped 6 positions up in hdi rank at once . 
   georgia lunatic saakashvili decided it was an awesome idea to kill russia peacekeepers and forcefully resolve south ossetian conflict . 
  turns out it was n't a good idea . 
   syria that 's some amazing hypocrisy considering that eu countries fueled that terrible conflict supporting so-called `` moderate opposition '' groups allied with extremists . 
  it helped to greatly extend al-qaeda strength in syria . 
  what the hell were they thinking ? 
  supply weaker side in slow endurance civilian war ... cute pro-democracy bearded guys ... and then ... something good is going to happen somehow , i dunno .
