  would n't it be better to be patient and facilitate changes to the structure of the society itself , waiting for when these changes happen naturally within the country ? 
  of course it wo n't happen today or tomorrow . 
  maybe that 's what political wisdom is , not rushing or getting ahead of yourself , but gradually working toward structural change . 
  in this case , within the society 's political system . 
  on why we do n't trust the us :  putin : no , i would n't do anything differently . 
  i think that our partners should have done a lot of things differently . 
  when the soviet union ceased to exist , a new russia emerged ; we just opened our arms to our partners in the west . 
  remember at least what it cost us , the gesture to reveal our bugging systems at the american embassy in moscow . 
  nobody has done anything similar to that , do you think that cia has no bugging devices somewhere with us ? 
  of course , they have . 
  moreover , they 've intensified their work . 
   we , for example , halted flights of our strategic aviation along u.s. borders . 
  we did n't make any flights for a decade . 
  but the u.s. did n't stop , they 've kept flying . 
  why ? 
  we 've said that we were ready to create new european security systems involving the united states . 
  instead , the process of nato expansion closer to our borders began . 
  one stage , and then a second . 
   [ ... some more examples ]  well , should we respond to this somehow ? 
  and we 're told all the time : this is n't your business , this does n't concern you , and it 's not against you . 
  and that 's not even mentioning the sensitive period of our history , of the difficult times in the caucasus , in the chechen republic . 
  you 're a journalist , you know how the west 's political establishment reacted . 
  and the press . 
  would you call that support for the lawful russian authorities and bolstering the statehood ? 
  no , absolutely the opposite . 
  it was support for separatism and , in essence , terrorism , because no one wanted to hear that al-qaeda was fighting on the side of the militants and separatists . 
  we were told not to worry , ` we 're just thinking about the development of democracy in your country . ' thanks so much for that concern . 
  he is absolutely right . 
  we were even _ de facto _ sanctioned ( albeit lightly ) by the us for fighting the islamist terrorists on our own territory in 1999 !, 
  the us pressured imf to cancel planned tranche to russia due to the second chechen war and canceled one more planned credit . 
  and it happened after the apartment bombings in moscow and islamist invasion into dagestan from chechnya that claimed more than 600 lives of russians !, 
  no less than half of them were civilians . 
  on crimea :  nothing against the will of the people can be done . 
  and some of our partners do n't appear to understand this . 
  when they remember crimea , they try not to notice the will of the people living in crimea -- where 70 percent of them are ethnic russians and the rest speak russian as if it 's their native language -- was to join russia . 
  they simply try not to see this . 
  [ ... ]  that people came themselves to the polling stations and voted is a fact . 
  no one would have gone to the polling stations under the barrel of a gun . 
  it 's so obvious that you ca n't argue with it . 
  go to crimea yourself now , take a walk and everything will become clear . 
  and that 's the end of the matter . 
  so yes , our troops were in crimea . 
  we did n't even exceed the numbers of our units that were there in accordance with our agreements with ukraine . 
  but that 's not the most important thing . 
   the most important thing is that the crimean parliament voted for the referendum , and then for independence , and they were elected two years previously under ukrainian law . 
  in other words , this was an entirely legitimate body representing the people living in the crimea . 
  that 's the first position . 
  and the second is that the element of international law . 
   during the decision on kosovo , a un international court made a ruling , and all the western partners applauded this ruling . 
  and the ruling was that decision of the central authorities of one or another state is n't needed when determining issues of independence . 
  and that 's that . 
  so we acted entirely in accordance with international law , the united nations charter and on the basis of democratic principles . 
  and this , above all , is nothing more than an expression of the people 's will . 
  it 's amazing how the west have the nerve to criticize russians actions in crimea after that amusing international criminal court 's opinion on kosovo . 
  it seems they strictly abide the franko 's approach : `` for my friends , anything - for my enemies , the law '' . 
  the western media barely mentions this , because popular opinion matters only if it 's pro-western public opinion , but 78 % of crimeans participated in the referendum according [ to the recent poll ] ( http://openopinion.ru/content_res/articles/oo_crimea_brief.pdf ) and 88 % support reunification with russia . 
  people made the decision . 
  you have to deal with it . 
  no , this time patriot activists started the fire . 
  the agents of putin were inside . 
  famous bochkala ( he is known for ludicrous gung-ho stories about ukrainian military , at one point he claimed that luhansk airport was attacked by russians with nuclear weapons ) was an inter journalist . 
  it 's not in any way or form a pro-russian channel . 
  just post-maidan ukraine being post-maidan ukraine . 
  anybody just a bit different from official ultranationalistic party line is an agent of putin . 
  in the same vein they attacked the [ savik shuster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/savik_shuster ) 's show ( the most popular political tv talk show in ukraine ) , driving it out from broadcast tv channels . 
  good article , worth reading . 
  denis sokolov seems to be indeed a well-known researcher of the north caucasus . 
  yep . 
  still better than jail . 
  he said ( google translate ) :  we would like to make him participate in the work of our charity services , to show him life from the other side . 
  we would like to make him involved in assisting disabled , elderly and children . 
  maybe it would help him to take a different look at life . 
  [ ... ] if he is going to say that he wants to suffer for his beliefs , it will be his choice . 
  so it does n't look like he was asked to accept christ . 
  it would be great if this case will be resolved in peaceful way . 
  nobody should spend time in jail for misdoings as minor as his . 
  it would be great pr for church btw . 
  lol , putin apologists are always prepared to excuse any bullshit from the government . 
   at the beginning he discusses the law prohibiting the use of cellphones/catching of pokemons in churches there is no law against using cellphones or catching pokemon in church . 
  he does n't discuss it at the beginning , because such law just does n't exist . 
  there is only article 148 ( `` infringements of the right to freedom of conscience and religious confession '' ) that prohibits `` public actions , expressing obvious disrespect for society , ** with intention to insult religious feelings of believers ** '' . 
  and that 's what he said in beginning -- he said that in his opinion it 's not forbidden by law , because it should not offend anybody . 
  he was entirely correct btw , nobody even noticed him in an empty church . 
  he did n't violate public order in any way or interfered with other people . 
  there were neither `` obvious disrespect for society '' nor `` intention to insult religious feelings of believers '' . 
  he immediately started `` whining '' about being prosecuted , because he was immediately started being prosecuted . 
  it was a deliberate protest . 
  he is not an idiot , the law he was protesting against is idiotic . 
  that sucks . 
  it would really suck , if he would be jailed for [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfmn1yahgyk ) . 
  authorities went full retard with their religious fundamentalism . 
  it also seems that is guy is one of the least disgusting russian youtubers . 
  royzman , mayor of ekaterinburg , said that ekaterinburg archbishop cyril is going to support sokolovsky . 
   the article in question is `` 15 facts on banderovtsy '' . 
  i read that article ( [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.ru/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ru&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2f365news.biz%2fnews%2fanalitika%2f2938-15-faktov-pro-banderovcev-ili-o-chem-molchit-kreml.html&amp;edit-text= ) ) and i did n't find there anything that objectable . 
  of course , i do n't support banderites , or their modern revisionism and denialism , but there was nothing for criminal proceeding . 
  communists and the ldpr were against the yarovaya 's surveillance laws . 
  so they enjoy at least some level of independence . 
  liberal parties ( yabloko and parnas ) are at 1 % or less , while the electoral threshold is at 5 % . 
  some liberal mps maybe will pass through single-member constituencies .
