  that 's only because ukrainian government have actually some sense and decided to not fight back . 
  would they decide otherwise , it would get ugly very soon . 
  in russian `` peacekeeping '' operation in south ossetia , in which russia defended ossetian civilians from georgia , somehow there were more georgian civilians killed than ossetian . 
  and i do n't know who call the invasion of iraq ( that 's how it 's called in wikipedia ) liberation , except maybe official usa propaganda . 
  oh , i love this game . 
  [ liberating ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/destroyed_warsaw%2c_capital_of_poland%2c_january_1945.jpg ) - [ invading ] ( http://imgur.com/5xvc1a7 ) . 
  the guy is from ukraine , so it 's understandable that he is emotional about it . 
  edit : i mean , i am russian , live in russia , and do n't even have any relatives in ukraine or crimea , but i was pretty devastated for a week or so by all these news from crimea , because war against ukraine is one of the worst things i can possibly imagine . 
  one more edit : i remember that in mid-1990s i played all day long in an awesome game -- very realistic for its time avia-simulator su-27 flanker . 
  the story ( the thing that was put in readme.txt ) was about a war between russia and ukraine ( also usa and turkey ) over crimea . 
  at the time the premise it looked for me as relevant as , i dunno , defending the earth from alien invasion -- something that will never happen . 
  it 's crazy that it materialised in some way 20 years later . 
  but of course it materialised not in a noble air fight between migs , su - \\* , tu - \\* , f - \\* , but in a bunch of thugs beating the shit of out journalists . 
  i really hope that all this will be resolved peacefully and without ethnic cleansings . 
  right , but that 's one more reason why the referendum should not be held right now . 
  up to the minute opinion fluctuations should not influence decision as important as that . 
  to be fair , yushenkov also had a serious conflict with berezovsky , and he was killed by berezovsky-related persons , not by putin-related guys ( * ) . 
  pre-putin oligarchs were not nice , too . 
  ( * ) the case was solved and the murderers were convicted . 
  there were conspiracy theories , but neither yushenkov 's family nor his party fellows believed in them . 
  his twitter feed was full of rt , dugin , `` fsa gassed themselves '' and zionists . 
  weird guy . 
  still did n't deserve to be beheaded . 
  oh , that commie-bullcrap is just ridiculous . 
  how can a term be a conspiracy theory ? 
  how can political theory be a `` conspiracy theory '' if there is no conspiracy whatsoever involved ? 
  just because you do n't like it ? 
  and you really should not use wikipedia as a proof of anything , especially something in contentious political topics . 
  all wikipedias have strong systemic bias fitting their communities . 
  if you 'll read some ukraine-related articles in russian , ukrainian and english wikipedias you 'll see three completely different povs , while all of them were written using more or less the rules . 
  add russia to the mix and we will be able to rule the world together . 
  oh , good old usa bashing . 
  let 's take weakly related events , separated by decade , different policies and us presidents , and assume direct causality between them !, 
  syria will surely be stable without 2003 us invasion in iraq , we know that because of reasons . 
  do n't forget that you are morally superior -- you ca n't be blamed for doing nothing , right ? 
  if a dictator routinely kills his citizens ( 250.000 to 500.000 civilians were killed by saddam according to wikipedia ) and destroys his country 's future -- that 's fine , nobody is to blame , let 's passively wait for his death . 
  if the us tries to take down that dictator and establish some sensible rule there -- boo !!!, 
  let 's talk about evil us that destroyed a beautiful country for no reason whatsoever . 
  ok , russia is at fault again . 
  i am sure a strongly enough worded un resolution was able to stop the war . 
  so what 's the solution was proposed in these `` very good points '' they made ? 
  more vetoed un resolutions ? 
   government asked the soviet union for help and then the soviet union assassinated the leader of that government . 
   these guys do make very good points . 
  what points ? 
  i read the text , but i did n't notice a single one . 
  they want to bring peace to syria ? 
  using `` diplomatic activities and negotiating efforts on all fronts , including in the united nations '' ? 
  yeah , that sounds like a great plan . 
  i wonder why nobody thought about this before . 
  russians were pretty cool guys in that game . 
  academician prokhor zakharov , `` for i have tasted the fruit '' . 
  sorry , but a guarantee from random uk user ( who apparently does n't know jack shit about this particular situation ) is not enough to make the issue not newsworthy . 
  russian wikipedia community and wikimedia-ru see the threat as very serious . 
  it 's also widely discussed in russian media -- both independent and state-owned . 
  it is possible that the wikimedia foundation will cave in and create something like ip-block for some particular pages , but afaik they never did it before . 
  meduza takes stuff from 2ch 's / po / . 
  kek , what a joke . 
  i think it 's some some sort of artefact , it shows some unrelated places -- zeleny gorod and perekatny , also these locations show up in the top for some non-political search requests . 
  it 's just a coincidence , albeit a funny one . 
  why do you think he is not guilty ? 
  according to his attorney , arguments of [ the prosecution were much better documented ] ( http://rus.postimees.ee/3298809/advokat-kohvera-dokazatelstva-zawity-byli-predstavleny-fsb ) , while the defendant had almost no proofs supporting his position -- the attorney had to interpret proofs provided by the fsb to protect his client . 
  why ? 
  it 's not even that far fetched . 
  it does n't contradict to observations of locals -- something like , `` outgoing from durnaya balka and azotny , short time spans between shots and explosions '' . 
  it 's less far-fetched than dpr 's cool stories about ukrainian subversive groups with mortars sneaking into donetsk , and then shelling donetsk from inside . 
  also i do n't see why in the world the ukrainian side would seek escalation now . 
  also , [ simultaneous shelling of avdiivka ( ukraine-controlled ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0ogfaxvbl4 ) . 
  overall yesterday 3 civilians were killed in this house in avdiivka ( grandmother , her disabled grandson , and one more man ) , 1 civilian killed in vodyanoe ( ukraine-controlled ) , 1 civilian killed in donetsk ( dnr-controlled ) . 
  i would love to see these luddites fighting against self-driving cars in a few years . 
  there will be plenty of the same bullshit reasons by the corporate lobbyists about `` illicit '' taxi services , `` illegal '' activities and so on . 
  btw , uber works just fine in undemocratic backward totalitarian russia . 
  strange , is n't it ? 
  article in wikipedia signpost : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:wikipedia_signpost/2015-06-17/in_focus, 
  it 's not `` a bit '' shit . 
  it 's pure garbage . 
  never saw a charlie hebdo cartoon that was even remotely funny . 
  yeah , butthurt downvoters are hilarious . 
  reddiquette , what 's that ? 
  greeks still have larger gdp per capita than many other eu countries like poland , they do n't produce anything , they borrowed irresponsibly and still for some reason feel that are entitled for higher standards of living , and still blame anybody expect themselves for their self-inflicted problems . 
  oh , these comments ...  he hit them on purpose , it 's clearly visible that he runs over them not even trying to stop the bus . 
  100 % provocation . 
   sadly , it 's just one more provocation . 
  everybody can see that he intentionally hit people . 
  poor girls , i feel so sorry about them ... 
  but a lot of force was used against olympics in baku . 
  people , be careful , attentive to each other , there could be more provocations ...  no , i do n't think so . 
  but , unfortunately it 's provocation against olimpic games in azerbaijan . 
  as you can see in this video , the driver did it specially . 
  it 's not an accident , he did it on purpose, 
  poroshenko personally promised safety for today 's rally . 
  it 's not unlikely he was pressured to do so by the west . 
  klitchko was against the rally , pr-guy from the ministry of defense said something along the lines `` we may distribute draft notices among participants of the rally '' . 
  yatsenyuk is all for traditional values . 
  well , it makes a lot of sense , because before 2004 ( ubuntu appeared ) linux desktop really was far worse than windows xp . 
  and internet explorer 6 was actually pretty awesome browser . 
  i remember using red hat linux 9 back then and in the end i removed its partition replacing it with windows xp . 
  in 10 years state of desktop linux improved _ drastically _ . 
  drivers , desktop environments , foss app ecosystem , commercial/proprietary app/game ecosystem -- all get much better . 
  leftists doing usual leftist stuff .
