  it should be an independent republic , or split in some way between poland and lithuania ( though i doubt lithuania would want much because it would add to their russian minority ) . 
  silesia should team up with krak\u00f3w and ostrava to make a megalopolis . 
  then spread out to include cities like cz\u0119stochowa , tarn\u00f3w and opole . 
  there is no way chicago , nyc and london have more than 750,000 poles each . 
  it 's a myth that i have seen propagated quite a bit . 
  maybe , * maybe * if you include not just poles , but their descendants as well ( i.e. 
  people who 's grandparents and great-grandparents were poles but they themselves either do n't hold a polish passport or speak polish ) , and count not just the city limits but the entire metro area ( suburbs plus the surrounding small cities ) , then you might get close . 
  it 's hard to consider these people polish though , if they do n't speak the language , hold the passport or have polish culture as their primary identity . 
  i still think it 's quite blown up . 
  chicago , which has the most poles of any foreign city , maybe has ~ 200,000 , which puts it outside of the first dozen polish cities . 
  vice has a pretty good documentary about this topic . 
  doing god 's work son . 
  my cousin 's belgian parents in law thought krakow was some soviet-style dump , so you can imagine their shock when they actually came here for a visit . 
  japanese people are huge fans of chopin for some reason . 
  good relations with russia ended and you 're nukeless . 
  russian can join us in the mostly-irrelevant corner . 
  yeah , well you 're landlocked . 
  the air pollution in krak\u00f3w is so bad that you ca n't see the mountains most of the time . 
  not only is the city in a valley , but many people still burn coal and trash in home furnaces . 
  on clear days when you can see the mountains though , it 's quite nice . 
  hopefully new regulations concerning the burning of coal and trash at home in piecyki will drastically improve the situation . 
  the view of the mountains could be yet another thing that adds to the city 's attraction . 
  the distance between the approximate location of where this picture was taken , wawel royal castle , and the foot of the high tatras , is approximately 90 kilometers . 
  you could ~ ~ move ~ ~ invest yourself in [ eastern poland ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/soer/countries/pl/country-introduction-poland-3/gestosc/image_large ) . 
  you guys should build submarines with poland . 
  baltic alliance plz . 
  [ china ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2015/01/14/377190697/one-county-provides-preview-of-chinas-looming-aging-crisis ) and [ south korea ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2015/03/south-koreans-are-getting-older-can-the-country-cope/ ) will also experience a significant population aging , and then drop . 
  ( worse than japan 's . ), 
  so japan is n't the only one . 
  [ even asean countries ] ( http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2015/10/27/japan-help-asean-cope-with-aging.html ) are projected to have their populations age and then start dropping . 
  we have our own traditions and holidays . 
  we do n't need any commercialized american holidays , no matter how hard certain multinationals try to make it seem cool or hip . 
  norway : it 's rich , beautiful geography , chance of aurora borealis and has a good reputation . 
  if not , then japan because it 's highly developed , has an interesting history , social cohesiveness , quirky and cute girls . 
  it 's basically sucking out the labour force . 
  while in the short-term it may lower unemployment and bring in remittances , in the long-term it 's quite tragic as central-eastern europe 's population is below replacement level and that emigrated labour force will be missed . 
  every country is exceptional in some ways . 
  to me european means a ) originating from the european peninsula , and b ) having roots in greco-roman and judeo-christian heritage . 
  this whole migrant thing is beginning to look like a game of hot potato . 
  what do you think we are ? 
  american ? 
  i consider europe an extended family , some countries are closer and some farther , but we 're all part of the same civilization and heritage . 
  i consider european cultures to be descendants of and inheritors of the legacies of ancient greece and rome , and the huge imprint that christianity has left on our civilization , and this is something that binds all of us together on some level . 
  we need to research clean coal . 
  i like how this is the most upvoted laugh . 
  wow left its mark on a lot of us . 
  germans moving to poland for work , who would have thought . 
  just wait until there 's enough muslims for them to vote in their own parties . 
  i want to know too . 
  we could take gotland and raid the livrustkammaren . 
  losing over 2 million people over 10 years is n't worth eurofunds imo . 
  top kek, 
  now that 's a flag we do n't see around enough . 
  well hopefully you guys can get your shit together so that we could team up and stick it to both western europeans and russians . 
  i 'm curious ; what is the general feeling of ukrainians towards poland ? 
  i hear that many are very positive towards poland and kind of see it like a `` better ukraine '' , but many also harbor resentment from the historical suppression of ukrainians by poles . 
  has anyone here seen elysium ? 
  country : poland favorite neighbor : slovakia least favorite neighbor : russia, 
  while as redditors most of us do n't have to worry about girlfriends , i do think that most of us have mothers , sisters and other female family members to think about . 
  v4 is the engine of central europe . 
  most important ally is the usa obviously . 
  an american dominated europe is one in which the germans are kept down and the russians kept out , which allows poland to flourish when it 's weak . 
  britain is up there as an important ally too , especially within the eu framework . 
  should poland become very strong sometime in the future , it could make its own alliance structure in central-eastern europe , and then ukraine would be poland 's most valuable ally ( due to is size and resources ) . 
  hungary and romania are bros but too weak to be really important allies . 
  lmao . 
  that design is [ so lazy . 
  ] ( http://docs.sketchup.engineeringtoolbox.com/components/63/rectangular_box_large.png ) it looks like a big shoe box . 
  romania strong do it . 
  illegal immigrants = / = refugees . 
  before ww2 france had 41 million people and poland had 35 million people , so poland 's population was 85 % of france 's . 
  if that same proportion was true today poland would have 56 million people instead of `` 38 million '' ( 57 % of present-day france 's population ) . 
  maybe it 's because he thinks that being a warmer sea that does n't have parts of it freeze over during the winter is better , in addition to being closer to asian trade routes and the suez canal . 
  on the other hand , the baltic sea region is wealthier and more stable , and you only need to pass one set of straits to leave instead of 2-3 . 
  also , without crimea and the separatist-held donbass area , i do n't know if ukraine has more people than poland anymore . 
  theoretically yes , but it 's much harder with the table turned against them . 
  good , the west needs to stop being a technology buffet for china . 
  if they want to be able to buy out western companies [ in order to obtain technology and market share ] , they need to allow western companies to buy out and own chinese companies too . 
  right now it 's basically a one way street for technology flowing to china . 
   i genuinely do not understand people who seek chaos [ chaos is a ladder . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irs8a8hjqfs&amp;t=1m48s ), 
  i 'll pass on that , germans already tried that one with the jews . 
  tax robot labor . 
   too many keyboards ? 
  no , not enough proofs . 
  that 's why they 're always asking us for some . 
   poland & illinois . 
  makes sense because so many poles live in szikago . 
   georgia & georgia lol, 
  ayyyy lmao, 
  good luck telling the greenlanders they ca n't / should n't do business with chinese or russian firms , especially if/when they get independence . 
  a mere ~ 50,000 people sitting on so many natural resources is just asking for trouble . 
  those kinds of predictions are n't really worth that much . 
  perhaps they are just better organized and more politically active . 
   yeah , sorry to have currently all our soldiers and available ships and aircrafts in operation at home and all around the world . 
  oh yeah , you have thousands of troops deployed across your own country to protect public places and jewish buildings from all the muslims you 've imported . 
  what a fantastic way to tie up military resources . 
   yeah . 
  no matter those twin mistral thing that france cancelled for your pleasure . 
  not our pleasure .
