  russians . 
   also we basically shove integration in your face until you see the arabian and vietnamese immigrants wearing cowboy hats and are yelling at each other in a bar about which baseball/american football/basketball teams are the best . 
  so immigrants integrating into your culture and society is good , but here in europe dogs bark out of their asses and immigrants want their culture integrated into our societies . 
  that is a big difference . 
  good . 
  if poland would relax its border controls and start letting people through , it would be like blood in the water . 
  gunboats and a no tolerance policy . 
  hunt down the people-smugglers and turn back the boats , no exceptions . 
  the cost of the program is no problem - the eu loses more money by letting problems get out of hand before dealing with them , so by clamping down on this it will actually save money . 
  aliens is pretty good too . 
  yes there is . 
  check this video out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aadzeyo9wde plus the audiobook is on youtube . 
  the book is way better though . 
  so what we essentially have so far is three numbers of a winning lottery ticket . 
  ( close to sol , earth-like , habitable-zone ), 
  so are they going to try to find some scientists to blame this one on too ? 
  well at least now they can build new ones that are earthquake resistant . 
  barring some sort of epic calamity befalling rich and developed western european countries , we wo n't catch up for hundreds of years . 
  the more developed former communist countries like poland and the czech republic * might * get pretty close , but we 'll never actually catch up . 
  countries like bulgaria , romania and serbia are fucked . 
  :\\ thanks russia !, 
  in accordance with modern political correctness , ukrainians are higher up on the oppressed scale , so we ca n't talk about things like that because it might offend them . 
  europe and the west has so many cultures and so much history that i do n't think we 'll ever run out of names . 
  plus we are making new ones . 
  perhaps in 100 years we 'll be naming the jovian exploration missions something like earendil or valyrian . 
  cool , just send it through belarus and poland then , k ? 
  from a polish perspective i think it sounds a little stupid . 
  i think czechlands would be a better option if you want to reduce from czech republic 's 4 syllables . 
  `` eastern europe '', 
  stay quiet , krak\u00f3w turning into a mega tourist magnet would suck . 
  some tourists are good , but past a certain point it 's detrimental . 
   american flair yup , checks out . 
  it was not built with polish hands . 
  nearly all the workers who built it were shipped in from the soviet union , and poland paid for their upkeep . 
  the crusades and inquisition had nothing to do with christianity . 
  how the hell did you pull `` war has a positive effect on society '' out of `` the long peace has made european societies soft and weak '' ??? 
  all i am saying is that comfort and safety breeds complacency and docility . 
  europe is no longer the strong and virile culture that it once was . 
  unless this changes and europe gets it 's balls back , it will be left behind by the rest of the world . 
  do n't let europe be drowned by the illusion of permanence . 
  the long peace has made european societies soft and weak . 
  one day when war returns to europe , it will be an ugly wakeup call . 
  russians spy like crazy , everyone knows that . 
  why should we stop giving a fuck and just make it super easy for them ? 
  they want to keep you in pieces . 
  i support trade and engagement with people of kaliningrad , but i think this has more to do with a certain type of russians hanging out near polish military installations in masuria and tricity ... 
  i seriously doubt it would be good for poland to recover anything from ukraine . 
  western ukrainian infrastructure is in shit condition and it 's full of the more nationalistic ukrainians . 
  well no shit sherlock . 
  [ look at the map of europe between the world wars and tell me how the soviets could possibly defend czechoslovakia from germany without moving their troops though poland . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/europe_in_1923.jpg ) poland fought off the ussr in a [ war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war ) less than 20 years earlier , one in which the soviets wanted to destroy the country and turn it into a soviet republic , so letting large numbers of soviet troops move through the country and begin combat operations to the south-west would have been stupid on poland 's part . 
  besides , poland did n't have good relations with the czechs during that time . 
  they [ started a little war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ) with poland while it was busy fighting the soviets in the aforementioned war . 
  that 's picking at words . 
  i believe he was attacking the type of person that is often also a cyclist and/or a vegetarian . 
  the globalist cosmopolitan urban liberal , somewhat hipster-ish , `` progressive '' ( whatever that means ) , multicultural and absolutely convinced that their way is the right way . 
  just being a cyclist or a vegetarian has nothing to do with it . 
   what is dead may never die . 
  it 's not strong . 
  poland is one of the most pro-eu countries in the eu . 
  i am a fairly eurosceptic pole and even i am overall pro-eu . 
  it 's just that i also realize that we pay a fairly high price for our membership in the form of lost labor force and no protection for our budding industries . 
  but due to cohesion and investment funds , we overall benefit . 
  meanwhile wealthy eu countries gain labor force and a fresh market for investment and acquisitions . 
  everyone gains , but wealthy eu gains more . 
  if there is a rising scepticism with the eu , it 's because of the migrant crisis and immigration problem , and the euro currency crisis . 
  we 'll just import people from the east , mainly ukrainians . 
  there 's a saying : the kremlin plays several pianos simultaneously . 
  you guys are so cute together . 
  [ all those hours playing shogun 2 are kind of paying off . 
  well if you go back there now you might catch some ghost types . 
  like kaczy\u0144ski right now . 
  eu membership is nice and has a lot of benefits , but sometimes i wonder if we would have been better off if we stayed outside the eu and built up our economy for ~ 20-30 years before joining . 
  more proof that ukrainians and poles are the same people split across two cultures . 
  if you get a paywall , google the link or title of the article and you will bypass the paywall . 
  a taste of female privilege . 
  so you 're saying that croats are actually poles ? 
  i thought it was just a bunch of bulgarians that think they 're ancient greeks . 
  you must realize that it 's difficult to sympathize with a nation that committed genocide against yours and destroyed a lot of irreplaceable things in your country during the very same war . 
  he asked about european countries . 
  that depends on how industrialized it would have been . 
  i think it could have been strong enough to be the one doing the attacking . 
  russians were complaining yesterday in their media about `` hostile rhetoric '' being spouted from a `` once-friendly capital '' . 
  i ca n't wait to see how many more tall buildings will be built in the next 10-15 years in warsaw . 
  the city 's skyline has changed much since 2000 , and judging by the number of projects underway and propsed investments , i think it will build up a nice skyline in the coming years . 
  also , i love the look of the moscow 's [ mercury city tower ] ( http://www.metropolismag.com/mercury_city_tower_neu.jpg ) . 
  i love that sleek kind of `` sci-fi '' look , and it kind of reminds me of the citadel from half-life 2 . 
   the problem is is russia willing to cooperate with europe ? 
  i think the most important thing to discuss is what exactly is `` russia '' when we ask questions like this . 
  when you 're talking about regular everyday people as `` russia '' then yes i do believe russia is willing to cooperate with europe . 
  the reality is that when it comes to politics and the economy , `` russia '' is actually a narrow slice of the population that runs the most important institutions and economic resources of the country , and they do not want to cooperate . 
  i think the general population in western european countries are n't very conscious of this and often forget when thinking about russia . 
  so until the day comes , eventually , when this situation changes , we should definitely deal with russia but not get too close . 
  from my experience and knowledge , social segregation happens automatically once a certain critical mass is reached by a minority group . 
  good , but then what about the winter olympics ? 
  porn mode cruise control ftw . 
  it 's not like we 've been meeting it either . 
  for a long time it 's usually been hovering around the 1.8 % range instead of the 2 % `` nonbinding agreement . '', 
  personally i think our political establishment lacks the bravado to raise defense spending to a more appropriate level ( considering our geopolitical situation ) in the range of 2.5-3 % minimum . 
  the idea of raising defense spending is generally popular among the people , as long as military institutions are effective .
