there is only a lot of political pressure from the us when you are competing for the same business . 
  they will use every dirty trick in the book to get their way . 
  i 'm not too happy about the patriot winning poland 's air-defense contract : it 's an aging system with relatively limited room for evolution . 
  meads would have been the better way to go imo , but our government bowed to american pressure instead of thinking strategically long term . 
  poland should team up with sweden on a26 submarine and corvette building program , but buy more nsm missiles from norway to put on those subs and corvettes . 
   norway plans to adopt an evolutionary approach to the submarine project , framing its procurement on an existing design from an experienced shipyard . 
  a26 from sweden . 
  [ they make pretty good subs . 
  ] ( http://foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com/sweden-has-a-sub-thats-so-deadly-the-us-navy-hired-it-t-1649695984 ), 
  translation : dear allies , on behalf of the polish nation we apologize for the irresponsible politics of prime minister kopacz . 
  we sincerely hope that after the upcoming elections the situation will change . 
  context : poland was saying no to the migrant quotas along with the other v4 countries for two months , and when the eu voted on the issue today , the polish government changed tunes and voted yes while the other v4 countries voted no . 
  one can not work out a common position with our closest allies and hold onto it for two months , only to betray them at the critical moment and change position . 
  the v4 countries are the closest to us in the entire world , and our government essentially betrayed the for what ? 
  to make germans happy ? 
  i hope the fallout from this wo n't follow us for years to come . 
  flawless . 
  i wonder how many polish businesses and assets were bought out by western european companies ... 
  parliamentary elections in poland are on october 25 and her party is slated to lose quite badly . 
  more than anything , this is just her cozying up to eu elites in order to be able to jump ship from polish institution to eu institution just like tusk did . 
  no idea about vietnam . 
  poland has a sizable vietnamese community though , but i do n't understand why they 'd be seen negatively . 
  they do n't jump up , and generally integate pretty well . 
  maybe the negative opinion comes from being associated with asian smuggling gangs and the fact that vietnam is a communist state . 
  i once ran into a vietnamese girl that spoke polish like a native . 
  idk why but i found that combo extremely attractive . 
  in retrospect i should have gotten her phone number ... 
  poles do n't hate romanians . 
  it 's just that the polish term for romanians , rumun , is associated with gypsies . 
  so when this poll was taken and people came upon the query for romania , they gave their opinions for gypsies . 
  some poles know the difference , which is why the score for romania is n't a low as thes score for gypsies ( romowie ) . 
  romania are bros though . 
  we had an alliance between the world wars , common kebab-removing experience in history , and v4 + romania = intermarium . 
  poland was reclaiming the parts czechoslovakia annexed when they invaded while poland was busy fighting soviets in 1920 . 
  the government makes money off of student debt so what did you expect ? 
  it 's ok , we 'll civilize them . 
  * you 're * disappointed ? 
  shit , man , i thought poland would have already been helping our hungarian brethren for some time , but our do-nothing ruling party is just content sitting back and politicking for the upcoming election . 
  yes , cause white people ca n't have their own things and have to share everything with the rest of the world . 
  surely that had nothing to do [ with this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ), 
  aye , immigration from ukraine , belarus and other eastern european countries is n't really seen in a negative way , whereas immigration from the middle east and africa is seen in a very negative way . 
  so for poland at least , you really need to separate the two . 
  when has good ole poland ever invaded you ? 
  you do know it ends with a war between us ? 
  nice , maybe our population decline wo n't be so bad . 
  the end result is that germans and other western/northern european countries will have enclaves of foreign people who have citizenship but wo n't assimilate . 
  this will be the new norm ( technically it already is . ), 
  and they 're getting mad at us and other central-eastern european countries for not wanting to go down the same path ... 
  source ? 
  best part about korwin is watching other people react to him talk . 
  i see multiculturalism , at least the brand of it that we see in the usa , canada , and western european states , as something that will eventually lead to the destruction of the already established cultures and norms . 
  these countries take in immigrants and adjust to their norms and cultures instead of having the immigrants adjust to the host culture . 
  immigrants come in , set up their communities , and instead of adjusting their norms and cultural traits to align with the host culture , they insist that the culture and traits they bring in with them be encompassed under the umbrella of the host culture . 
  they come in and expect `` their stuff '' to become `` our stuff '' . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with immigrants that are educated and/or skilled and want to come in and work and contribute to the development of my country and community . 
  that means that they take on the traits of my culture and traditions , and not just come in , get residency/citizenship but in all other aspects still be like the people wherever they came from . 
  it was only pretty tolerant in the latter half of the xvi and most of the xvii century . 
  lol . 
  when 's the next one-time quota ? 
  yeah you 're going to take the university-educated and skilled ones , and europe will be stuck with the muslim-version hillbillies and rednecks who wo n't want to assimilate . 
  i think it 's best to get together with sweden to build some [ a26 submarines ] ( http://www.defenseindustrydaily.com/saab-story-swedens-new-submarines-024760/ ) since we are both baltic sea countries , meaning that our requirements for the submarine are going to be pretty much the same . 
  white people do n't count . 
  economic left/right : -3.63 social libertarian/authoritarian : -0.41, 
  civ or eu4 ? 
  germany only wants eurosolidarity when it suits them . 
   [ i 'm a single mother with a 6-year-old son ... we can take a child in need . 
  i 'm a teacher and would teach the child to speak , read and write icelandic and adjust to icelandic society . 
  we have clothes , a bed , toys and everything a child needs . 
  i would of course pay for the airplane ticket . 
   what interests did they act in when they gave money to poland to repair its fucked up roads ? 
  so that , among other things , trucks could transport western european goods to be sold on the now open polish market . 
  conflicts over dwindling water resources , religious and sectarian wars , and a booming population is a perfect storm that will generate millions of refugees and asylum seekers that will want to cram into the `` paradise '' that is europe . 
  it reminds me of the film with matt damon that came out a few years ago , elysium . 
  it did not end well for the elysians . 
  you think czechoslovakia or germany would allow us to dump tens of thousands of disease ridden soldiers into their countries ? 
  no , they would be turned back at the border . 
  that shit 's never coming out lol . 
  let them go ? 
  so that they could keep fighting against poland ? 
  that 's ridiculous and you know it . 
  soviet pow camps were quite terrible , how about all the pows and other people who got caught up in the war and were * exterminated * ? 
  so according to you , what would have been the correct solution ? 
  so large numbers of people dying in pow and labor camps is extermination , regardless whether or not the authorities holding them there wanted them dead or just did n't have the resources to take care of them ? 
  korben dallas !, 
  you asked where 20-80 thousand soviet soldiers went during the polish soviet war , and i answered by telling you that a very large chunk of them died in the pow camps because diseases were running rampant and poland simply did n't have the resources to give pows good medical treatment . 
  what do jews dying in concentration camps have to do with this ? 
  lietuva should buy roskmaks from poland . 
  they are some of the best out there , battle tested in afghanistan and had numerous improvements installed from battle experience . 
  i heard many died from diseases that spread throughout pow camps . 
  for sure they were n't executed en masse with a shot to the back of the head . 
  you got it , i 've seen plenty of pretty german and british girls . 
  `` cheese product '', 
  china 's one child policy will result in a situation where in around 25 years they will be older than even japan . 
  and that 's way before they graduate to developed status . 
  right after any polish companies bought out by belgian competitors are renationalized and sold to polish owners . 
  hello no they wo n't . 
  they just want the access to our markets . 
  no shit it turned into a flame war ; poles jumped on it because there 's plenty of easy ammunition to use . 
  `` the book returned to the bestseller list in 2011 . '',
