  more like to protect france 's image . 
  it looks pretty bad when an important member of an alliance sells advanced military equipment to a country with an aggressive attitude towards 1/3 of the members of the alliance . 
  the real question imo is why was a deal like that happening in the first places ? 
  i think i have the answer : money is more important than allies . 
  it 's a political decision more than anything else . 
  airbus 's offer was awesome , economically and technologically . 
  poland becoming a pillar of airbus 's production would have been awesome . 
  but usa is a much better ally to us than france is . 
  they sent 15,000 soldiers and a lot of equipment to poland this summer for military exercies ; france did not participate . 
  usa is getting involved with sending brigades to the baltic states ( ~ 1000 us soldiers in north-east poland ) ; france is [ reluctantly ] sending a company of soldiers ( ~ 150 ) to i think estonia . 
  usa is pretty gung-ho on continuing sanctions on russia ; france wants sanctions lifted asap and a return to business as usual . 
  i really like airbus 's deal , but france is a shitty ally us so i 'm not surprised that nationalistic pis would rather buy american than french . 
  do you seriously think the chinese government will side with the foreign company over a chinese company ? 
  i see you are taking the easy way out . 
  90 million people live in the strip of land straddling the nile and its delta . 
  mistreat is a bit of a strong word for it . 
  it 's more like petty inconveniences like removing polish language street signs where poles are the majority and changing people 's names on passports and ids , and basically a low-level attempt at trying to stifle polish-identity in lithuania . 
  to me it smells of paranoia about poles coming back in and polonizing the vilnius region . 
  do you seriously expect the hungarians to be ok with importing a muslim minority ? 
  especially when they can travel throughout the eu and see all the problems with assimilating them . 
  well it 's understandable that these countries care for themselves ahead of others . 
  i too think we should be a little more protectionist ourselves , to let our industry and high-tech fields develop and grow . 
  they both do n't like the way lithuania treats its minorities . 
  i understand some of this . 
   is poland ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giedroyc_doctrine  the moment you gain a bit of power you went imperialistic against your neighbours ( namely lithuania ) . 
  well that 's an oversimplification . 
  you could say the same about lithuanians wanting to forcibly incorporate a crushingly majority-polish city ( both ethnically and linguistically ) into their national state . 
  russia willingly giving up territory ? 
  are they even capable of such a thing ? 
  it 's less crowded until people start advertising and more people go there . 
  airlines check people vigorously because they bear the cost of any people being deported if caught on their planes . 
  i do n't think the threat is as small as you judge it to be . 
  when i consider the effects of climate change , water shortages , crop failures and rising population in africa and the middle-east , large scale mass migrations do n't seem unrealistic 20-30 years from now . 
  we would be so fucked if it were n't for ukrainians ( and to a lesser extent , belarusians and russians ) moving here for work . 
  personally i 'm going to rest easy because [ i plan on having 3-4 kids ] ( http://i.imgur.com/swroze0.gif ) . 
  poland 's unemployment rate is dropping because people are leaving the country . 
  is n't it supposed to be a social construct ? 
  brexit was unlikely . 
  i think the naval eu powers like france , spain and italy should build themselves carriers , maybe the germans and dutch another one together , and other eu countries can add assets to create some standing carrier battle croups . 
  for example polish or romanian figher jets deploying from those carriers , which are escorted by greek corvettes , french and danish frigates , and swedish submarines . 
  mate that gold is gone . 
  same with the romanians ' gold . 
  why do you think the russians do n't want to give it back ? 
  they do n't even have it anymore . 
  maybe it 's a [ matrix reference ] ( http://www.realityprime.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/battery.jpg ) . 
  they 're already moving away from coal . 
  they are building the most nuclear power plants and renewable resources in the world . 
  i like to think of economics as a tool , like math . 
   poland clearly said they would not allow passage to soviet troops in case of german invasion against cze surely you do n't hold * that * against poland ? 
  it is the russians we 're talking about here ... 
  that 's bound to trigger somebody . 
  poland has an insignificant number of muslims . 
  like 30,000 in a country of 38 million . 
  poles do n't want that small amount of muslims to turn into a large amount of muslims like it did in western europe . 
  being jewish does n't mean you ca n't be german , polish or american . 
  it 's a religion , not a nationality . 
  you would need around 30 [ semi-trucks ] ( http://www.dtrucks.com/sites/www.dtrucks.com/files/assets/semi-truck-x-small.jpg ) to ship all that cash . 
  ukraine and moldova are much closer so they will be first . 
  it 's actually already started with large scale migration of ukrainians to poland since euromaidan . 
  the solution is to do to poorer countries what wealthier countries did to us : buy up local industry , attract the best labor , keep the rest as a cheap outsourced labor force and profit off of large infrastructure projects . 
  naturally we want that oligarchic militaristic petrostate 's influence as far away from us as possible . 
  russia does n't want to see poland in negotiations because it is pretty hostile ( no shit , maybe we would n't be if russia was a normal country ) . 
  with france , germany and russia doing the negotiations , it looks like western europe and russia once again deciding everything over central europe 's head , which plays into russia 's favor because they do n't want to see central europe grow strong . 
  all this ends up looking like western european money and business are more important than central european prosperity and freedom from russia . 
  they want to be europeans but hate europe at the same time . 
  the dissonance causes the anger . 
  troy is long dead but we are still talking about it because homer wrote the iliad . 
  nobody with a degree wants to do field work or manual labor . 
  you can make agriculture more attractive for educated people by making it more technologically advanced though , with bigger farms , drone farming equipment and automation . 
  i was n't aware that lithuania is considered northern europe . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg is dead , just like stettin , breslau , danzig , wilno and lw\u00f3w . 
  also , poles and americans are , like danes , westerners . 
  we all come from a common cultural sphere and look similar . 
  that 's bad luck it landed in the shadow like that while being so close to sunlight . 
  actually no . 
  the gus ( g\u0142\u00f3wny urz\u0105d statystyczny ) ( central statistics office ) does n't count a lot of the emigrants who live abroad as living abroad because they are registered as living ( zameldowany ) in poland . 
  so a lot of the over 2 million emigrants who emigrated are counted as living in poland , artificially inflating poland 's population to over 38 million . 
  in reality it 's somewhere in the 36 million area . 
  accounting for this would make poland 's gdp per capita higher . 
  galicia was relegated to the status of agricultural province in the austro-hungarian empire , which is why it was poor , highly populated and relatively underdeveloped . 
  sure they did n't outlaw the polish language and did n't try to wipe polish culture out , but it was pretty far from good . 
  `` eastern europe '' ( lol @ cold war definition ) * could * defend itself if it has the time and money to build up industry and military resources . 
  after ww1 , it did n't have either after over a century of neglect and oppression by german , austrian and russian empires . 
  the 21 years of the interbellum were n't enough to build up eastern europe 's capabilities . 
  then followed the enormous destruction of ww2 and over 40 years of communist economic & social damage . 
  now for the past 26 years we have been building ourselves in peace but it 's still not enough . 
  building strength takes more time than that . 
  we need another 20-30 years . 
  we keep getting invaded and having our shit destroyed , while you sit safely on your island and continue to develop yourselves . 
  not surprising considering the latter is easier to siphon off . 
  well the holocaust only refers to the jews . 
  6 million people died in the holocaust , all jews . 
  but often it is missed that 6 million other non-jews died in the genocide too , and most of the attention is given to the jewish deaths . 
  the holocaust is the jewish experience , and that is only half of the genocide done by nazis . 
  jews and poles made up 2/3 of these . 
  3 million polish jews , 3 million non-polish jews , 3 million non-jewish poles , and 3 million others . 
  so an equal number of poles and jews died in the genocide , and half of of each group was in the other . 
  approximately . 
  for russians the deaths also included civilian casualties due to military actions , like getting stuck in a city bombarded by germans or reprisal actions by germans for killing their soldiers .
