   culturally identical to poland so we will be arguing forever . 
  nice to see at least some people recognize that plc = / = poland . 
  weak men create the conditions for strong men to become necessary . 
  you are assuming they will lose the elections . 
   the beetle infestation was spreading mostly across the areas impacted by human activity , where spruce is overrepresented sounds like nature returning the forest to its natural state . 
  i 'd like for the entire forest complex to be made a national park and allow the rest of the forest to slowly return to a primeval state . 
  we could turn it into a real life fangorn forest . 
  for logging we have plenty of other forests throughout the country and enough space to plant more . 
  western europe and scandinavia are already infected with this crap , let 's hope it stays out of central & east europe . 
  southern poland sticking up the middle finger . 
  we could give slovaks a port-town exclave on our coast in exchange . 
  i prefer not being landlocked . 
  yeah they are basically a bunch of european expats that speak english . 
  canada was/is like that , at least for a while , until immigration makes it less like europe and more like brazil . 
  well it was a polish city for like 600 years before post-ww2 population transfers so i guess somewhere in there they feel a paranoia about poland wanting to take the city back . 
  so they respond allergically . 
  maybe he 's in east germany . 
  the president is not part of the government . 
  poland 's navy is too shit to do that and the other 3 visegrad members are landlocked so there 's that . 
  cee just do n't want migrant quotes pushed onto them , we do n't care what you do with the migrants , just do n't throw them at us . 
  if italy does n't want the migrants , their navy could easily stop the boats ; there 's just no political will for it . 
  90s aesthetic is awesome, 
  weirder than japan ? 
  because a lot of it is stupid . 
  right , well when it 's * so easy * to find a source and it only takes like 15 seconds via google , someone asking for it is kind of pedantic . 
  see this sentence you just typed in ? 
  `` female teachers negatively effect male performance in education '' google it . 
  for us the problem with investing in education and innovation is that the educated leave for western europe where they can make 2-5 times more , and those that stay take the innovation funding to create companies that are then bought out by large foreign companies . 
  it 's kind of ugly but growing new industries is actually more difficult for eastern eu simply because they are in the eu . 
  well that went over your head . 
  he 's saying that we have jobs but do n't control industry . 
  most of that is owned by w. european corporations . 
  can you name some big polish companies you have seen in norway ? 
  i think many europeans will be moving to central-eastern europe later this century so these population predictions may not even happen in the first place . 
  if the eu does n't implement a very very restrictive immigration policy ( think the movie elysium ) , many eu countries will leave well before that and set up such a policy of their own . 
  reminds me of my babcia when i told her i was only a little bit hungry . 
  british people obviously , that 's where the whole bad teeth thing comes from . 
  part of why standardizing eu military equipment is going to be a decades long quagmire is that every country is going to try to get * their * equipment to become eu standard . 
  in 40 years : buy eu standard ____ = buy franco-german, 
  poland 's eastern borders can be explained by a single word : stalin, 
  a lot of western europeans are buying property in poland in the last few years . 
  basically everything in the region went to shit and every nation grabbed as much as they could . 
  it was a free-for-all , we scraped with the ukrainians and ended up winning . 
  poland having lw\u00f3w was justified on the basis that the city was and has been for ages a dominantly important polish city , even though the countryside around it was clearly ukrainian . 
  it was unfortunate that ukraine could n't end up maintaining independence from ussr . 
  ( most people do n't know the details surrounding treaty of riga and polish-ukrainian alliance ) . 
  i know more history than the average person so i 'm not the most solid representative of the typical street pole . 
   does poland treat its occupation and subjugation of ukraine as shameful event of the past ? 
  for the most part , yeah . 
  most regular people know that at times ( because not always ) ukrainians and belarusians had some really bad experiences with polish authorities . 
  no it means that democracy prevailed . 
  government got ousted for an intensely unpopular social decision . 
  that was back in late 2015 when civic platform was still in power , and it 's the main reason they 're not in power anymore . 
  lol no . 
  flexible solidarity . 
  judging from this thread , the french are too . 
  when you get so stoned you become the argonath . 
  it 's good for poland too , we can increase agricultural exports and the geographic indicators are nice too ( ex . 
  oscypek and polska w\u00f3dka ) . 
  i 'm slightly worried about japanese imports of lumber though . 
  they do n't really have any serious regulation about illegal sources of lumber . 
  [ because it 's france . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-deficit-france-idukkcn0ym1n0 ), 
  no our only choice is confederacy with the old commonwealth countries and alliance with romania and sweden . 
  i took an ave train first class from madrid to malaga last year and it was quite nice . 
  i enjoyed the seeing the countryside . 
  that spire on top of varso is 200 % trolling . 
  it 'll end up being 40 cm taller than london 's shard . 
  xd but yeah i do n't like when spires and antennas are too big in relation to the rest of the building since could look disproportional . 
  i 'm glad that the pkin wo n't be the tallest building anymore though . 
  it 's about time . 
  and varso looks like it will add to the city skyline quite nicely , which is the most important thing imo . 
  was n't most of the population ruthenian ? 
  just wait till they do their family unifications to bring their wives and multiple children over . 
  the number of `` refugees '' could easily triple or more . 
   if you make people feel welcome , allow them to express ** their ** culture and treat them well they 'll respond in kind . 
  well that 's the thing , we do n't want them to express * their * culture , we want them to express * our * culture if they live here . 
  otherwise they 're just a bunch of expats with our passports . 
  yes so many things have been destroyed in syria that would cost lots of money to rebuild . 
  right now i 'm thinking of all those billions euros that western europe has spend and will spend accommodating syrian refugees from afpak , bangladesh and north africa . 
  yeah i 'd say frankfurt has the best eu skyline right now . 
  paris is a close second imo . 
  however i expect warsaw to drastically improve in the next 5-10 years with all the new skyscrapers being constructed , so those two will have some competition . 
  it dilutes their influence within the eu . 
  captain sweden to the rescue !, 
  i always thought it would be a really nice gesture of germany rebuilt the saxon palace in warsaw . 
  the prerequisite being that they should have something to offer . 
  i have a solid feeling certain countries will find it exceedingly difficult to let go of their protectionist measures when it comes to defense spending . 
  i would be wary of getting too close to china . 
  independence for smolensk , pskov and korolevets !, 
  more than anything the chinese want to establish and maintain market share . 
  if they can dump steel , drive european steel out of business , then they 'll be the ones supplying the steel to europe . 
  then they can charge whatever they want and have extra influence . 
  anything related to eastern poland . 
   they are serbian citizens , but that does n't mean they are serbs . 
  yeah having a slip of paper does n't mean you are part of a nation or culture . 
  abe 's facial expression after ending the handshake is gold . 
  i do n't think entitled is the correct word . 
  that somehow implies that i feel on some level that i * deserve * to consume content . 
  my willingness to pay is 0 so those companies never lost a sale because they never had it in the first place .
