  weak . 
   and why does that `` german '' guy look so african ? 
  that 's what german is now . 
   the nativists want to magically return to the all-white , all-christian culture of the 1950s . 
  written as if it 's inherently bad or somehow worse than what we have now . 
  one man 's progress is another man 's regress , and vice versa . 
  so long as some people will call themselves progressive , others who disagree with them will call them regressive . 
  so rather than spend money on their own replacement , why do n't the germans use those funds to incentivize procreation , or reform the economy so that having children is n't so expensive and burdensome , or even invest in automation so that productivity could still rise even as the population shrinks and grows older . 
  or you can do all 3 at the same time . 
  it 's not like they 're mutually exclusive . 
  we just have to wait for the americans to blow up a few nukes at the center of the planet to restart the core . 
  yeah but we 're * privileged whites * and should feel guilty for it . 
   i really do n't understand why athletes of ethnic minority descent receive so much hate . 
  some/many people see them as outsiders , and they do n't like outsiders being a part of something that 's supposed to represent them . 
  that female privilege . 
  [ why do czechs always forget that they attacked poland in 1919 and started the whole problem ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ), 
  poland looks like australia if you tilt your head right , spain if you tilt your head left . 
  this makes sense . 
  women are more likely to vote for the `` nice '' and empathetic candidate , while men are more likely to vote for the more stern and `` close the door in their face '' kind of candidate . 
  `` we do n't like opinions that are too different from our own ; if you go outside that we will come down on you . 
  now get in line . '', 
   24 years younger lady [ nice . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8c5wmeol9o ), 
  oh come on . 
  someone should tell these xenophobic girls that diversity inherently good : it 's what makes our societies so culturally rich and * vibrant * . 
  never mind the possibility of being harassed or worse : you can get kebabs and other ethnic food on most streets ; that 's what matters most . 
  now just electrify them like the fences in jurassic park , and as long as some fat dude does n't hack your computer systems , you can stop anything . 
  the french countryside , or maybe somewhere in a norwegian fjord with some awesome views . 
  lol why would either of them be in eurovision ? 
  that kid waving the nato flag and giving them the finger is the best part . 
  just a jolly old bit cultural appropriation . 
  austria has been a prime destination for hundreds of years . 
  the chechen struggle for independence only became seriously mixed in with islam after the first chechen war . 
  i wish we still had all that inland waterway shipping . 
  germany never really payed reparations to poland but hardly anyone wants to open that issue because of all the negativity it would generate . 
  eu cohesion funds are seen by a good number of people as an indirect way of doing it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_looting_of_poland#soviet_union and russians want to be thought of as liberators . 
  i went to university in illinois and during my time there i dated a girl from georgia . 
  that southern accent is adorable . 
  now y' all should drop the drinking age to 18 and you 're good to go . 
  if it keeps out russians and refugees we will build it ourselves . 
  with eu structural funds of course . 
  a lot of poles still live around vilnius region , but we do n't want to bring it in poland , we just want polish cultural and historical legacy preserved . 
   we have a large mass of qualified workers underemployed , and an even bigger chunk of unqualified workers with nowhere to go . 
  these people should consider moving to poland for several years . 
  we have a deficit of qualified workers & specialists they could fill in . 
  that way they could at least make * some * money and fill in their cv . 
  some of them might even like it here and stay . 
   creating peaceful incentives for remigration of larger non-native populations in western europe that identify strongly with their own group ( turks moroccans , syrians , iraqis , et cetera ) . 
  you are dreaming if you think that these people will willingly move from a high-income economy to something like iraq or syria . 
  my observation is that western europe now has a permanent underclass akin to african americans in the united states . 
  girls are like that everywhere , they like to experiment with exotic guys . 
  if you 're white go to east asia or india and see for yourself . 
  those old soviet era tanks upgraded and with new ammo can do quite well against all but around the top 10 % of russia 's tank inventory . 
   they trip , fall , get beaten by muggers , incidentally ingest poison , and have heart attacks while jogging . 
  how strange !, 
  you know what they say . 
  in russia , everything is possible . 
  i think it was po 's refugee deal that did them in . 
  i know we wo n't be satisfied until we 're top 15 . 
  india is the same soul reincarnated 10,000 times . 
   the russian colonization of siberia and conquest of its indigenous peoples has been compared to european colonization in the united states and its natives , with similar negative impacts on the natives and the appropriation of their land . 
  the slavic russians outnumber all of the native peoples in siberia and its cities except in the republic of tuva , with the slavic russians making up the majority in the buriat republic , and altai republics , outnumbering the buriat , and altai natives . 
  the buriat make up only 29,51 % of their own republic , and the altai only one-third ; the chukchi , evenk , khanti , mansi , and nenets are outnumbered by non-natives by 90 % of the population . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_conquest_of_siberia plus during the ussr many people were settled there and natives deported , soviet-style . 
  most poles want to join the eurozone someday , but the consensus here is that the eurozone needs to get its house in order first , and our own economy needs to develop more before we are ready for the euro . 
  we do n't want to end up like greece . 
  yes , a slow-motion surprise attack . 
  the next polish parliamentary elections are in late 2019 . 
  right around the time donald tusk 's term as president of the european council ends . 
  the next polish parliamentary elections are in late 2019 . 
  right around the time donald tusk 's term as president of the european council ends . 
  a surprising amount of people in poland are familiar with the marijuanas . 
  this should be a meme . 
  presitusk . 
  i thought the deal was that rich eu countries get access to poor eu countries ' markets in exchange for cohesion funds . 
  i 'm tired of western eu people dangling cohesion funds over our heads as if we 're only leeching money out of western eu . 
  western eu companies make a lot of money in the newer eu states . 
  besides its unrealistic to send them here when they do n't want to be here . 
  they will leave and disappear into western eu to work without papers . 
  the only way to stop them is to keep them here by force . 
  oh wow , it 's as if europe has its own indigenous cultures . 
  seems like a lot of people forget about that these days . 
  i have a feeling that as the years go by , these people , who will continue to roam around europe , will grow increasingly frustrated and suspicious of europeans . 
  this will make them more prone to radicalization and more resistant to assimilation . 
  what they bitched about was merkel saying germany would allow any syrian refugee , which is what exploded the migrant stream in the first place . 
  they are glorifying their youth methinks . 
  this is just kaczy\u0144ski 's personal hatred against tusk . 
  i really hope tusk gets reelected so that kaczy\u0144ski is spited . 
  plus we can go around saying we have the better donald . 
  probably the pendulum will swing too far and it will be men that will have problems . 
  you can already see it in women outperforming men in education . 
  krakow is in a valley and a lot of poor and working class people still use old furnaces for heating ( some burn illegal things like trash ) , so there can be a lot of smog , especially during the winter . 
  the city council recently created some legislation that would facilitate replacement of old furnaces and heaters , but progress is slow for now . 
  let 's hope croatia and visegrad team up to make [ this ] ( http://foreignfocus.mcc.hu/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/north-south-gas-corridor.jpg ) happen . 
  russia 's population is almost 4 times larger than poland 's , but they ca n't sent their entire military might against us simultaneously . 
  so we can definitely make ourselves too strong to make worth attacking . 
  with allies we can do more . 
  one could say separatism is extremism .
