  indeed . 
  yeah right lietuva , western eu needs to do their business in russia so sanctions need to be lifted . 
  who cares if you feel threatened and russia is aggressing neighbors ? 
  there is money to be made ... 
  anyone that 's not syrian should be deported . 
  pakistan and afghanistan , for example , while shitty places to live , are n't at war like syria is and have plenty of safe spaces to live . 
  1772 was when the first partition took place . 
  very true . 
  every one of my experiences with the police , they have been really chill and understanding . 
  while i lived in the usa for my uni years , the police there were also professional , but i 'm white and respectful , so i guess that helped . 
  i have not , and it ended up not being such a great thing . 
  the baltics should get together and make an armoured brigade , a battalion of tanks each . 
  hey , europe is more like america now . 
  with all the stupid ethnic and racial problems that america has had , we now have them too ... well , western eu has them at least . 
  the poorer parts of the eu do n't attract migrants like the wealthier parts do , so we at least have our societies intact . 
  i just hope we do n't make the same mistakes that western eu has made . 
   german girls are godly hot . 
  only through beer goggles . 
  which explains the large number of breweries in germany . 
  well the russians * did * try to change the baltics ' demographics . 
  they were partially successful . 
  yeah , very first thing you see is a picture of a young child . 
  typical leftist media trying to elicit sympathy by focusing on vulnerable women and children , even though a large majority of the people entering europe are young men of fighting age . 
  population size * wealth = total economic power . 
  total economic power equates to influence . 
  i can see how the average person could n't care less about their country 's influence , but for elites and the people who run countries , having less influence on the global stage can be deeply upsetting . 
  they want that polish meat . 
  i spent two summers in slovakia when i was a teenager and two weeks last summer . 
  i think it 's the closest country to poland linguistically and very similar culturally . 
  along with the czech republic , we are part of the west slavic group , which means that we are more similar to each other than any other countries . 
  when i spent those summers in slovakia as a teenager , i distinctly remember playing football with some slovak kids . 
  i was speaking polish to them and they were speaking slovak to me . 
  we all understood each other , which at the time blew my mind and i thought it was one of the coolest things ever . 
  slovakia feels a lot like poland . 
  the country , language , people and culture feel very familiar , like poland , but different . 
  it 's a bit difficult to describe , but it 's like the people are the same , just that the culture and language a bit different , but still similar . 
  that 's why i probably like slovak girls so much . 
  they seem like polish girls but have that `` foreignness '' to them that just, 
  over time i think that western europe will begin to look more like america in terms of demography and racial makeup . 
  this will come with all the downsides of those traits . 
  racial and ethnic tensions , a constant narrative within mainstream society that one group is oppressing another , far less social cohesion and more social stratification . 
  the fact that it is now irreversible for countries like france and britain , even if they wanted to , is what somewhat disturbs me . 
  but hey , if they want do go down that path , it is their choice and we will respect it . 
  but what i really can not stand is that many in those societies believe that * we all * should go down that path . 
  polish people , who due to historical reasons are very protective and proud of their culture , do not see things the way french , brits and germans might , and do not want to inundate themselves with people from outside of the european cultural sphere . 
  yet when we say so , we are often called racist , bigoted , xenophobic or islamophobes . 
  as if these labels are somehow supposed to force/shame us into line with what globalists and cosmopolitans think is the right worldview . 
  we do n't want to import communities of very foreign people/cultures and have them set themselves up in our country . 
  we do n't want a mass of people from alien cultures bringing in their cultural baggage and making it our baggage too . 
  that does n't mean that people from those places ca n't move to poland . 
  they can of course , but it has to be done with some forethought . 
  if we bring individuals , they are easy to integrate and assimilate . 
  if we bring in communities , they are much more difficult to assimilate , and they also attract more people from the home country who in turn make it even more difficult to assimilate the community . 
  if people want to move to poland and settle down here , they should actually become polish . 
  that does not mean they bring their cultural baggage with them and try to make non-polish things polish . 
  that is not assimilation , that is replacement . 
  anyways , that turned into a bit of a rant . 
  i believe that in the long term , as w. europe becomes more globalist/cosmopolitan and less european , central and eastern europe ( cee ) will remain quite homogenous and european by comparison . 
  i believe that for many native europeans in the cosmopolitan societies , that will be something that attracts them to move to cee countries . 
  we might see the same kind of phenomenon as `` white flight '' but on a country-to-country scale , which we could possibly benefit from . 
   so yes on paper uk and france will have i don \u00b4 t know 15 million people more in 70 years - but how will those countries change ? 
  will their culture remain the same ? 
  personally i think their culture will become more globalist/cosmopolitan and less european . 
  we 'll be ok if a third of ukraine moves to poland . 
  it did not end well for native americans . 
  i guess it has to be official now . 
  baltic states : poland 's hat . 
  iberia is three quarters of the way to being an island . 
  yes , exactly . 
  to russia , any country around it that is capable of defending itself is seen as a threat . 
  the new engine of europe . 
  germany wants something , poland says no . 
  that 's how ww2 started . 
  i really support this things like that because it can be a very good character and discipline building experience , if properly applied . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  right now we are mostly irrelevant to the great powers that run the world . 
  our economic growth into the future will increase our relevancy and weight in the region and world , but most of that gain will be offset by the loss of population ( workforce , i.e. 
  economic size ) in the coming decades . 
  we need more people basically . 
  immigration from ukraine , belarus and russia wo n't be enough to make us strong enough to make moves on our own . 
  that is why i think it would be mutually beneficial to team up with belarusians and especially ukrainians . 
  together we have enough weight so that we ca n't be pushed around by germans and russians , and can in fact do some pushing of our own . 
  the first rzeczpospolita was powerful because it combined the population and assets of both poland and ruthenia . 
  alone , either one of the two would have been extinguished much sooner . 
  considering our dwindling population in the coming decades , commonwealth might be necessary in order for us to stay relevant and not just pieces on a chessboard . 
  germans as a whole would top the list for us ; this includes the teutonic order , hre , and numerous german principalities throughout history . 
  if you only count a single entity , it would be russia in its different forms ( grand dutchy , tsardom , ussr ... ) . 
   finland  western europe * scratches head *, 
  because a city with ~ 2 % lithuanian population sooo lithuanian , right ? 
  we could send some of our kutry bojowe to assist the greeks . 
  it 's mainly so that ukrainian troops have opportunities to train with nato ( polish & lithuanian ) troops and be exposed to nato standards . 
  it would n't actually see combat , even if russia did a full invasion of ukraine and took kiev . 
  i 'm not sure what would happen if they kept going and started moving into western ukraine closer to the polish border . 
  better than that [ ugly beige . 
  ] ( http://babyccinokids.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/culturalpalace.jpg ), 
   but this kind of hysteria in western - especially german media - it \u00b4 s to much . 
  the new government plans to increase taxes on foreign banks and corporations operating in poland , most of which are german . 
  let 's do a game of civ v sometime . 
  english men , aka `` angole '' , have a terrible reputation in krak\u00f3w for this reason . 
   poland has taken in 1 million ukrainian refugees , adding a new element into the debate over refugees in poland .
