  i thought it was a power rangers villain . 
  has n't the crush of tourists actually become a problem now ? 
   with blackjack and hookers . 
  and lots of broomsticks . 
  make europe clean again !, 
  totally not surprising . 
  simply too much immigration within a relatively short time period ( ~ 50 years ) . 
  europe should slow down with the immigration till it can `` digest '' the immigrants ( and their descendants ) that are already here . 
  and please stop trying to pass off islam as a european thing because it 's not . 
  there are , but the concentration is so high in warsaw relative to the rest of mazovia that it skews the average and makes the entire region appear good , when it 's really just the warsaw metropolis . 
  warsaw really needs to be its own nuts region . 
  why not just demand new elections ? 
  uruguay and argentina are like a slice of europe in south america imo . 
  chile and parts of southern brazil also kind of qualify . 
  i know it 's kind of a joke or meme , but it 's interesting how swedish officials are keen to avoid the subject . 
  supremacy does not mean dominance or control , but simply being the best at pretty much everything . 
   here in finland we have this weird ideology that we have to keep the whole country populated sounds like something some politician or bureaucrat cooked up 70 years ago because they thought that if the land was empty the russians would move in . 
  it still sucks , russians will loot everything they can for as long as they 're around . 
  london is n't a european city anymore so much as it is a global city . 
  it 's important to also consider that the us is a two-party system country , so instead of voting for the party that represents their beliefs/interests , people usually just end up voting for the lesser evil . 
  classic russian move is to want more land even though they already have so much and ca n't run a country effectively . 
  gdp per capita rose more than enough to balance out the potential gdp lost from people leaving . 
  well china is an authoritarian state that practices wide scale censorship , protectionism and is seeking to undermine western strength . 
  those are n't pejorative statements , that 's just how it is . 
  that 38 million figure includes people who are still zameldowany ( registered ) as living in poland , even though they are abroad like in britain , germany or the us . 
  a more realistic figure would be around 36.5 million . 
  the moon has plenty of resources that can be converted into fuel . 
  it 's a resource bonanza . 
  whichever country or bloc is the first to begin mining the moon and asteroids is going to get mega rich . 
  we can build infrastructure on the moon , such as fuel depots , that would make a mars trip easier . 
  a moon base would also mean telescopes , mining research , and a continuous presence . 
  imagine the psychological impact upon people on earth when they look at the moon and know that there are people on it right at that instant . 
  after ww2 ended and gda\u0144sk was being reconstructed , those in charge of reconstruction were careful to avoid rebuilding structures with clearly german influences , preferring instead to `` reconstruct '' gda\u0144sk with more dutch , italian and french influenced styles . 
  so it 's not so undeniably german as it used to be . 
  i do n't know of any helsinkis in africa . 
  did they run out of forests in austria or is it just cheaper to gut romania 's forests ? 
  europeans want less immigration from non-european countries , especially muslim countries . 
  they are n't overt about it because they get accused of racism , islamophobia and 20 other things . 
  they do n't say it but think it . 
  explains this year 's big elections . 
  why spend money to invest in educating your own doctors and nurses when you can just suck them out of poorer countries ? 
     he is one of the main opponents of voter id laws in the us , for one  what 's the problem with that ? 
  honest question . 
  in some states we have no idea how many illegal immigrants voted . 
  [ 25 years ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phqlq1rc_js ), 
   just a few countries you mean those that have opened themselves up to mass immigration from certain regions of the world ? 
  lol this map is whack . 
  `` poland '' and `` polish '' back then referred to the plc like `` british '' today refers to the uk . 
  immigrants went so far as to change their names to americanize themselves . 
  that 's how strong the impetus was to assimilate . 
  you do n't see that nowadays . 
  ah yes the benefits of a multicultural and multiracial society : every group complaining they do n't get enough and that the other groups get too much . 
  how about we make a commonwealth instead ? 
  commonwealth of rejects . 
   there is also a perceived non-integration/boldness of hispanics `` para espa\u00f1ol , oprima numero dos . '', 
  cmon jerry , do n't give tech to the chinese , they 're going to take it and refine it in their own huge internal market ( while keeping you out ) , and then they 'll turn right around and start competing with you on the international markets . 
  :\\ look at what they did with japan 's train tech . 
  from what i understand they do n't like a very narrow group of european leaders like merkel or juncker speaking on behalf of the entire eu when there is a sort of democratic deficit in the eu . 
  imo , pis likes the eu but they do n't like the pro-federalisation efforts within it . 
  they want it to be more like a confederation rather than a federal state . 
  seems like they have a problem with how the eu works and not that it exists . 
  obviously there needs to be a reform of the eu , but there needs to be an eu . 
  that 's why being part of the eu is so important not just for poland but for all european countries : individually we are all too small to have the kind of influence america , china or in the future india and other large countries will wield . 
  the uk really shot themselves in the foot in this regard . 
  other than that we should mainly focus on gdp per capita and national wealth . 
  but did they return your bicycles ? 
  yes but people here do n't see it as asylum , but resettlement . 
  i for one do n't believe refugees will go back to syria once the war is over , at least willingly . 
  and that 's just for syrians . 
  most of the people coming on boats over the mediterranean are n't syrians . 
   speaking with an accent and having an unusual name are unnecessary steps . 
  they do help immensely . 
  my dad in the us got $ 8,000 and a free fix . 
   why exclude people from your national identity based on genetics ? 
  humans are a tribal species . 
   people who was culturally danish was not considered fully danish because of their surnames . 
  i can see how a set of names could be attached to a culture . 
  how do you go about finding this information ? 
  by law , french censuses do not ask questions regarding ethnicity or religion . 
  go ahead and try , it 'll be 1683 all over again . 
  from the thumbnail at first i thought it was a parking lot . 
  as africa 's population continues to boom and it 's economy continues to grow , africans will have increasing access to television and internet media that will show them the quality of life in europe . 
  if you couple that with climate change and water stress ( and the potential conflicts that could erupt as a result ) , we would be facing far larger migration waves 20 years into the future and beyond . 
  it could end up looking like [ elysium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elysium_\\ ( film \\ ) ) . 
  if they clean the facades and get rid of the commieblocks , the socialist realist architecture could actually look pretty cool . 
  polish land forces have around 43,000 combat troops out of 65,000 paper strength . 
  well the us would control the oceans but it would be far too costly to invade from the sea . 
  they 'd end up with significant casualties too . 
  [ this is krak\u00f3w . 
  ] ( http://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-photo-krakow-city-collage-76588426.jpg ) [ this is also krak\u00f3w . 
  ] ( http://sajkaca.blogspot.com/2014/02/brutalist-architecture-and-soc-realism.html ), 
  turkey is n't even european ; the idea that they could join at some point is a misunderstanding . 
  immigration has always been around , but what * is * new is the scale . 
  several years of immigration at today 's pace is what used to take several decades . 
  leave the globalist multikulti at the door . 
  before you know it we 'll be nordics too . 
   vilnius region was also ethnically cleansed of polish by soviets [ they did a pretty sloppy job . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/litwa-polacy.png ), 
  not so glorious on the wrong side of the curtain . 
  this is why becoming overdependent on tourism is a bad idea .
