  if i was ukrainian i 'd rather be part of a shambolic but essentially democratic eu as opposed to the creeping dictatorship of putin . 
  i know too many russian ex-pats , people involved in journalism and humans right law , who live in other parts of europe and the us now for their own safety , to believe a single word any russian official says to me . 
  tell the japanese , i just posted the image . 
  to be fair it 's not too far off , i would n't know where to start labelling a map of japan . 
  i discovered the sharia stuff when i worked in admin for a major uk bank , you might be surprised how many totally atheist people in the finance department chose to use them , even going so far as using mena banks before they became available in the uk . 
  the returns on the investment packages tend to be more modest , but because they invest in fixed assets such as property , they have almost guaranteed incomes and are far less volatile . 
  you wo n't make a huge profit with a sharia investment but if you just want a steady income over a long time period they are very good . 
  making this some issue to justify islamophobia is stupid , these have been around in the uk for years and they often offer a better deal for consumers in terms of transparency and stability . 
  people should be petitioning their banks to have similar packages available for people who to copy this model in a secular fashion , not moaning because other people thought of it first . 
  our banking industry does n't give us much to be proud of , we 're currently going through austerity because we had to bail it out , i do n't think we should be rejecting sound alternative models because they happen to be attached to another culture . 
  there is a lot of misinformation peddled about this stuff because it has the word ` sharia ' attached , but if i were to ask you ` would you like the option of an investment where you get told what your money is being invested in and you can veto any company you personally find unethical and you will get paid a set income instead of being reliant on a volatile market ? ', 
  is that so objectionable ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  this is an established theme in japan , they also see the uk as a [ pretty lady in a dress ] ( http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/184r29hgvb1f6jpg/ku-xlarge.jpg ) with ireland as her bouquet . 
  autumn crumble !, 
  there 's a multitude of different recipes so you can adjust it to your taste , but the central theme is late summer and autumn fruits and berries , such as rhubarb , apples , blackberries , plums and pears . 
  we then add spices , sugar , nuts and honey to taste - some like it sweeter , some like it spicier , it 's up to you . 
  then that 's topped with a crumble mixture that 's flour based but can also include oats and nuts and more honey , spices and whatever you fancy . 
  then serve with cream , english-style pouring custard or ice-cream . 
  here 's a classic recipe for pear , apple and blackberry crumble with hazelnut ice cream http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/pear_apple_and_11326 crumbles , like carrot cake and beans on toast are a legacy of wwii rationing , when there was n't enough butter around to make pastry for pies this alternative dessert was invented to appease those with sweet teeth . 
  but it 's not a poor second cousin to the pie , it has a lovely crumbly texture and the crumble mixture is easier to work with than pastry , so it lends it self more to experimentation . 
  the appeal is not only that it tastes and looks great and has an interesting history , it 's also that it 's seasonal , there is only a limited window in the year when there 's these fresh locally grown fruits around and it 's a tradition to go to pick your own orchards and fruit fields and spend the day collecting ingredients for the evening 's meal . 
  of course there 's ready-made ones in the supermarkets all year round , but the true crumble experience requires that you climb at least one tree to get your ingredients . 
  exactly this . 
  we have always had an island mentality that distinguishes us from the continent . 
  it 's apparent throughout history , especially in matters of religion . 
  after all christianity was the great unifier of europe for centuries . 
  from the earliest days our ` insular ' church was part of but not identical to the religious practices of the continent , in later times our protestantism drew upon native traditions , such as the lollards and was distinct from the protestantism emerging around germany . 
  our legal system , based on common rather than civil law is also distinctive , as are our political institutions , we started limiting the power of the monarchy at a much earlier stage than most other european countries and so after our civil war we were able to negotiate a restoration settlement with a presidential prime minister and a ceremonial monarch . 
  we have inherited from germanic tribes and viking tribes and norman and roman invasions and waves of modern immigration , but each wave gets shaped by this environment , everyone gets assimilated - because you ca n't ignore the vastness of the atlantic ocean or the beauty of the green hills and valleys or the starkness of industrial towns , when you live on an island , your world is smaller , more compact . 
  sure we have the chunnel now , but we have inherited traditions from time immemorial from generations for whom getting even to the channel islands could be a risky prospect in stormy weather . 
  the english channel is one of the most dangerous waterways in the world , as the spanish armada famously discovered , 20 miles over rough seas is not the same thing as 20 miles over land . 
  this whole being able to go to france and come back on the same day is new to us , really new . 
  you only have to read the ` sceptred isle ' speech from shakespeare 's richard ii to understand that an island shapes the people who live upon it . 
  the question was about european union citizenship , not being european . 
  lots of scottish people are technically british but only consider themselves scottish , it does n't mean they 're stupid , it means they have a political opinion about their identity which differs from legal technicalities . 
  as a brit i consider myself both british and european , but my british identity is a matter of heart and soul , it 's not a mere political thing , it 's who i am , it comes from family , ancestors and the soil . 
  if for some reason my british citizenship got taken away i would still * feel * british . 
  my european identity is n't like that , intellectually i know i 'm a european citizen and i see that as a broadly positive thing , but it 's just in a test-tube for now . 
  i do n't shed patriotic tears listening to ` ode to joy ' as i sometimes do for ` rule britannia ' i think there 's a chance that my grandchildren 's generation , should i have any , will be emotionally attached to europe and the eu in a way that i 'm not , you ca n't force these things over night , it took time for the subjects of the anglo-saxon heptarchies to view themselves as english , it took time for the citizens of the various states and commonwealths to view themselves as americans . 
  an identity is not something you can foist on people , especially not stubborn anglo-saxons , and the harder you try the more they 'll reject it . 
  and no one should be surprised that the uk , with our strong connexions to the commonwealth and the anglosphere , feels less european than the belgians or the germans , we do n't depend so much on the eu to project power or to define ourselves . 
  did a bit of googling and found [ global pop , local language ] ( http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=aqwymwvv9iac&amp;pg=pa67&amp;lpg=pa67&amp;dq=english+language+music+global&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=03fh8nhjtd&amp;sig=qozvonqtdcyilv0ukdgbjjk1jdo&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=uodmuqktacqvhqfyrihodg&amp;ved=0cfmq6aewaw#v=onepage&amp;q=english%20language%20music%20global&amp;f=false ) a book with full text on google books , which is all about the choices people around the world make in regards to which languages and dialects they use for making and consuming music . 
  edit - not full text , ends after first 200ish pages . 
  just anecdotally , when i stayed in italy , rome and milan , for a few weeks a few years ago the random radio stations i tuned in to to find music were mostly playing italian sounding stuff . 
  most cheesy-europop as i recall . 
  i 'm sure they must have better but i did n't find it . 
  there was a section on a british comedy show in recent years where they had spoof advertisements for horrible portuguese products , with tag lines like ` buy our rotten fish , they smell really horrible , they are from portugal ' but i ca n't think which show it was on . 
  this is not reflecting any stereotype i 'm aware of by the way , i just think the writers liked the idea of doing a bad portuguese accent voice over and liked the idea of adverts for horrible products and combined these ideas . 
  i ca n't think of any really negative british stereotypes about the portuguese , we have a tendency to regard them as our long term allies in contrast with the spanish with whom we have a more complex relationship , to put it diplomatically . 
  i had a poor experience with a literature course , my mother did a world-health course and had a really good experience . 
  the coursera structure itself is really straight forward to use but the quality of the teaching and feedback varies as courses are put together by individual institutions . 
  i gave up on the course i started because it incorporated peer-to-peer feedback as an integral part of the marking system but there was no quality control , i had essays on english literature being marked by people who 's grasp of english was not adequate to hold a conversation , let alone do close textual analysis of a piece of literature . 
  with the much better course my mother did they required participants to have a professional background in health care or a related field and so her course was of a much higher standard . 
  the courses are free to join and you can leave at any point , so my advice is to start if it looks interesting and useful to you but do n't persevere if a course starts deteriorating , you can always switch to something else . 
  oh no another country is exercising their sovereign rights to police their own borders !, 
  i want uk border officials to be able to search americans in case they try to smuggle guns here and so i do n't have a problem with uk tourists being searched by american border guards for whatever america deems contraband . 
  if you do n't want to abide by the rules of another democratic country do n't be so arrogant as to think they want you to visit or give a damn if you do n't . 
  you do n't have any god given right to enter america without being searched , it 's their country and they can police its borders how they wish . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/travelnews/10083884/bangkok-to-be-worlds-most-visited-city.html london has more foreign visitors than paris and the average visitor to london spends about twice as much money as they do in paris . 
  you have all the advantages of sunny weather and big beaches and being in the schengen area but you ca n't get foreigners to part with their cash the way we can . 
  a tourist who pops over the border from spain or germany , brings their own supplies , takes up some space on the beach and then leaves without spending is not benefiting you any . 
  we 're already ahead of you from the moment the tourists get off the plane and realise they have buy a new jumpers because it 's freezing cold . 
  our castles attract people to scotland . 
  scotland . 
  the land of continual winter and fried chocolate bars . 
  that is the power of a millennia old monarchy . 
  any fool could book tourists to a sunny beach , but to get them to come to a place that 's cold and wet and dreary for 360 days of the year , that takes something extra . 
  i think you would believe it if you saw the swarms of american and japanese tourists outside buckingham palace at any time of the year . 
  these people are n't coming to london for the weather . 
  essentially yes . 
  passively accepting the status-quo is effectively the same as actively supporting it . 
  there 's no such option as agnosticism or an opt-out in politics . 
  when you have an either/or choice removing yourself from active consideration of the question will always have the result of bolstering the established majority side . 
  this is why the status quo wins referenda so often , on everything from monarchy to eu membership to sovereignty - until a general population has a pressing reason to embrace change they will always vote for what they know . 
  with that said the status-quo here ought to be kept , our constitutional monarchy model in north west europe has produced the world 's best nations ( basic fact ) so there 's no need to mess with it . 
  u.k the birth of the royal baby and third in line to the throne , prince george alexander louis of cambridge . 
  on the one hand he 's just another human being amongst billions , but on the other hand in terms of uk and worldwide media interest there was very little to compete . 
  sure lot of other stuff happened that was more immediately consequential , but in fifty years time what people around the world will remember about the uk in 2013 is the royal baby . 
  in the uk it 's only london where people are like this on public transport , everywhere else we talk to the driver and to each other . 
  it 's just some londoners think they are the whole country and make generalisations . 
  and people from other countries or other parts of the uk visit london and then think the whole of england is like london when it really is not . 
  i feel as though i 'm in a different country when i travel around london because the culture of politeness and friendliness that is normal in the rest of the uk is just absent . 
  i 've also found this with paris vs. the rest of france . 
  ah , yes , last time our local fares went up ( bristol , uk ) i was so disgusted i only said ` thanks ' to the driver instead of a polite ` cheers drive ' and then i felt guilty for my rudeness for the rest of the day . 
  same with south west england and south wales . 
  no matter how extortionately high the ticket prices , no matter how late the service , no matter how smelly the bus , no matter what - you thank the driver . 
  in bristol and cardiff we ever have a special dialect phrase ` cheers drive ' for this purpose . 
  it 's also perfectly okay to ask the driver for reasonable assistance such as telling you what stop to get off at if you do n't know the area . 
  and you 're allowed to make small talk , such as saying ` horrible weather is n't it ? ', 
  with strangers on the bus . 
  - in fact london is the only area of the uk i 've ever known this not to be perfectly normal . 
  in my area - south west england and south wales - almost everyone talks to the driver when getting on the bus whether they need to buy a ticket or not and almost everyone says thank you to the driver , when getting off the bus . 
  it 's considered very rude if you do n't do this . 
  whether you say it on other public transport depends on whether you have access to the driver - if you can see them and they can hear you then you greet them and thank them . 
  we even have a dialect phrase ` cheers drive ' which is exclusively used for thanking drivers on public transport . 
  it 's a local shibboleth , if someone does not thank the driver you know they are either rude or a stranger to the area . 
  i feel very uncomfortable in areas where people do n't thank bus drivers , it just seems so unfriendly , i would never not thank a shop assistant or a waiter who served me and the same applies with public transport workers . 
  they are human beings , not robots , so we treat them like human beings who deserve basic politeness and consideration . 
  for me as an agnostic cultural protestant it 's an integral part of my british and family identity and my sikh , hindu , muslim etc.
