  but higher education and business overwhelmingly uses some variety of english . 
  there 's also varieties of ` manglish ' spoken by many as a mother tongue which is a creole mixture of local languages and english with an underpinning of chinese grammar . 
  it 's not anything like british english in its basic grammar but the amount of borrowed english vocabulary testifies to th historical importance of english in the region . 
  i 've worked with a few middle class , privately educated malaysians and they regarded proficiency in english as an absolutely essential qualification , not just for work but to participate in wider malaysian society outside their own malay speaking areas . 
  ha ha bless awesome . 
  policy says speakers of minority languages have to give prior notice if they require a translator to be present . 
  it might seem unfair but that 's to prevent an estonian to italian translator waiting around for hours whilst all the estonians and italians speak fluent french to each other . 
  resources and budgets need to be deployed effectively, 
  there are loads of maltese translators in brussels ( according to the times of malta past articles ) , there just was n't one at this meeting . 
  the policy is that the speaker of a minority language has to request a translator to be present if they want one . 
  so the question is ... did your pm request one and was the request ignored ? 
  or did he not request one so he could showboat ? 
  looking at eu parliament policy briefly it seems that minority language speakers are required to ask in advance for a translator to be present , because so many opt to use majority languages at least some of the time . 
  thus to prevent estonian translators waiting around in case someone says something in estonian ... etc. . . the translation people require a heads up . 
  did the maltese pm ask for a translator that was n't provided ? 
  or did he omit to ask ? 
  the terrapins collectibles were de rigeur when i was a wee lass , did n't require any assembly so not a ` classic ' kinder egg toy , but i remember scoffing dozens of eggs and giving the other toys away trying to complete the collection . 
  i ca n't believe it 's that hard to find a maltese person who 's able to simultaneous translate to french or english . 
  is it just a case of the parliament not having bothered to hire anyone ? 
  translators are usually multi-lingual so it 's not like you 'd need to hire separate people for every minority language , i 'm sure there 's people who could do maltese-english but also english-dutch , dutch-german etc. 
  we should have a different name for each holder of the position , getting increasingly more absurd . 
  his europeaness his european excellency her majestic european exellency par excellence ... and so on ... for ever, 
  i think the eu is a lot more democratic than people appreciate and we should be looking more at reforming the way the eu is reported on in the media . 
  between western europe and turkey sure , but what about muslim parts of eastern europe ? 
  is the culture so different ? 
  i guess turkey has more income inequality and more conservative areas than european norms , but i still regard westernised turks as more ` european ' than ` asian ' just because i imagine them looking toward europe and following european culture and politics more than say , central asian politics , but that could be a wrong assumption on my part of course as i only meet turks who 've chosen to come to england or marry my friends who 're english lol . 
  heh i 'd assumed it was connected to helen of troy but just looked it up and turns out it 's from a boy 's name ` hellen ' something to do with a flood legend and unification of tribes . 
  damn you greeks have history up to your ears . 
  you are turkish ? 
  the traditional eastern border of europe goes through turkey with everything west of the bosphorous being in europe . 
  geography is the only real way to define ` european ' as there is no single language , religion or ethnicity , so if you live west of the bosphorous or have recent ancestry there then you 're plenty european . 
  i suspect that in the case of a lot of african nations it is a lot easier to cross undetected through a boarder than it would be for europe so the proportions shown here could well be underestimated . 
  there are italian and german rednecks , hell last time i was in italy we had to call the police because some fascist football hooligans were harassing my friend for the crime of not being white , throwing stones , making threats , etc. 
  i love italy and germany but they also have their problems . 
  english definitely . 
  because it allows me to speak to so many different people and because we have german words and french words and russian words and punjabi words and chinese words and czech words and gaelic words and inuit words and greek words and latin words and swedish words ... 
  it 's the most cosmopolitan language . 
  the only other european language i 've learnt ( although i 'm very rusty now ) is german , i 've enjoyed learning it but i have to agree with dylan moran that ` it sounds like typewriters being kicked down the stairs ' at times . 
  all those harsh constant clusters . 
  when someone is speaking dutch to me it sounds like a german who 's had a few glasses of wine , a few drags on a spliff and a good time with a sexual partner . 
  a dutch speaker sounds like a german who 's learned to relax , for that reason it 's my second favourite . 
  does norway still have a two-hour phone in radio show every afternoon all about herring ? 
  ( yes i still get most my knowledge about norway from sven from swiss cottage , i believe it is all accurate and up to date of course ), 
  well yes as it happens , the scots were originally and irish tribe , they colonised scotland and marginalised the pre-existing pictish tribes ... and since i recently found out that my biological great-grandfather was from a pictish clan and was not the scots-clan man my great-grandmother married it gives me great , great pleasure as an english/british person to say to an irish person ... you stole our land you colonial oppressor !, 
  gosh that felt good , sorry about all the subsequent stuff though ... 
  because his comment was said in jest and people recognised that, 
  i read on the guardian website a few hours ago that it was the danish queen who was abdicating , i know they both begin with a 'd ' but well , that 's quite a glaring editorial error ... 
  in the u.k bristol is hard to beat . 
  i know several people who came down for a few days to visit and upped sticks and moved here . 
  there 's plenty to do , bustling night life and shopping districts etc but it 's not overly crowded or polluted like london , there 's a very strong community vibe and it 's one of the friendliest cities in the uk , it 's surrounded by countryside and beautiful scenery , it 's got the prettiest architecture , the nicest pubs , really good mix of restaurants , excellent large public parks etc. 
  the only potential downside is that lots of young families move here and competition can be fierce for places in the best schools . 
  oh silly dutch man , have n't you heard ? 
  only the countries that want a federalist super-state are ` real ' europeans . 
  is it democracy when one country imposes its will on others ? 
  is it democracy to say that the the uk public should n't have a say on eu membership for the first time since the 1970s ? 
  is it democracy to say that france and germany = europe and that only their vision of europe counts ? 
  if you want to know why people in the uk are sceptical about europe it 's largely because of attitudes like yours . 
  you seem to think that policies should be imposed on the uk because germans voted for them ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  whilst we still have national borders we 're not going to vote against our own interests . 
  we 're in the eu for co-operation on limited matters , not to be dictated to because angela merkel and francis hollande ca n't accept that france and germany are n't the be all and end all of europe . 
  we did n't join the single currency and we should n't be punished for your mistakes . 
  it 's hard enough trying to convince people here that the eu has a reason for existence and any accountably at all without people like you declaring that ` germany wants it to happen this way so that 's the way it should happen ' if you want the eu to work , you 're going to have to accept that countries other than yours get a say . 
  we like the french , it 's the parisians we do n't like . 
  not all of them , just the natives . 
  france outside of paris is lovely , paris is just an island of unfriendly , haughty people . 
  holiday in the south of france sometime and you 'll be converted . 
  they do n't think much of parisians either , 
  italy . 
  people tend not to believe me when i retell the adventures i had when visiting italy , because they sound outlandish . 
  put it this way , on only my second week there i was asked to be a witness in the defence case of a mafia associate , which i declined because i could n't remember doing any witnessing and then things got stranger ... 
  i loved italy , the bad bits were exciting and the good bits were wonderfully good . 
  from an evolutionary point of view the inuit did not require the development of pale skin to absorb sunlight to manufacture vitamin d because they are able to consume fresh meat uncooked , since the frigid environment protects meat from being spoilt , so they can get their vitamin d in ample quantity directly from their diet . 
  further south are diets can only supplement our vitamin d levels and we must get the bulk of it through sun light exposure . 
  where they graze their livestock on seaweed washed up on the coast in the lean winter months , that shetland . 
  reminds me of one glorious day travelling home to bristol from bangor , north wales . 
  `` what 's that glowing , bright orangey-yellow thing in the sky ? 
  it 's so bright !, 
  it 's so big !, 
  it 's giving off some sort of heat radiation !, 
  oh i remember , it 's called ` the sun ! '', 
  i am never living anywhere north of gloucestershire ever again . 
  the loss of the balance of power on the continent . 
  but i do like fireworks and parades ... tricky decision ... 
  i do n't understand how greece thinks it has the right to dictate the name of another country . 
  the last time this topic came up some delightful wit here referred to ` the former ottoman colony of greece ', 
  naughty step for you . 
  5 minutes and no pudding after your dinner today either . 
  do you mean south west or west country ? 
  south west is cornwall , devon etc. 
  west country is bristol , gloucestershire , sommerset etc. 
  they did too steal normandy , hundred years war , agincourt and all that . 
  actually in truth , all land and sea and sky world wide belongs to the british by birth right and is stolen from us if in the possession of others . 
  reference - truth, 
  * cough cough * west germanic . 
  frisian is quite understandable to modern english ears if you stick to certain topics . 
  words around farming for example , such as ` cow ' , ` milk ' ` cheese ' ` butter ' are very similar , often the spelling looks different but the pronunciation is almost the same . 
  you might not get every word but you should be able to get the gist . 
  i chose portugal for the uk , it 's only a short boat ride so we 're sea-neighbours .
