  that means homosexuals in a lot of the world and increasingly christians in the middle east . 
  it also means minority muslim groups such as the ahmadi in pakistan . 
  people who will still be at risk when conflicts end because of social stigmas against them . 
  it 's not possible to resettle the whole of iraq and syria in western europe , it 's not ideal to have to choose which groups are in the most need but it 's just necessary to provide any kind of asylum at all . 
  distilled cider as well . 
  apple jack , apple brandy , cider brandy , whatever you want to call it . 
  the name of it is actually a pressing issue right now amongst west country cider makers as there has been talk from eu mandarins of giving it regional protected status , like melton mowbery pork pies or yorkshire wensleydale . 
  the preferred choice presently is ` somerset apple brandy ' i 've heard from french cider makers who visited our community orchard that it 's better than calvados , but i do n't know as i 've not tried calvados . 
  they had travelled all the way to england to learn about the nuances of the distilling process used and the apple variates favoured though so there may be something in it  it takes about 50lbs / 23 kgs of apples to make 1 gallon / 4.5 litres of 50 % proof cider brandy . 
  modern universities are international , not national institutions . 
  this course is switching to english for the same reason that english dominates the eu , the un , the imf etc. 
  you 're simply not going to be able to compete with yale or harvard or cambridge or oxford in attracting good students from outside your country if you do n't teach in english . 
  italian and french universities are already making the switch as well . 
  english is the world 's lingua franca , just as latin and greek were in centuries past . 
  sorry germany , but if you will insist on having twelve billion different words for ` the ' your language is n't ever going to be no 1 . on the foreign learners list . 
  conversely my friend has just finished a postgrad architecture course in paris for which she had to learn a bit of french - it 's not a big deal - if you 're clever enough to get in to a post grad course you 're clever enough to learn a the bits of a foreign language you 'll need for the course , we 're not talking shakespeare here . 
  it 's standard now for courses to use english to attract international students , i do think though that if it 's going to become common throughout europe there will need to be more investment in early years english teaching as german and french kids are going to need to compete with those middle class indian and chinese kids who learn english from nursery school . 
  i do also think in the case of a big economy like germany there ought to be a choice as many german students will chose to work in germany and will do just fine speaking only german . 
  it is not possible to choose between a full english breakfast and a roast dinner . 
  one is the perfect hangover cure , the other involves stuffing oneself full of roasted meat . 
  how can i possibly choose ? 
  you need to get out more , because lots of people do in lots of contexts . 
  what about eu treaties coming in to play ? 
  in terms of defence eu members are meant to act as a bloc in times like these rather than leaving each member to fend for itself . 
  i suppose the current tensions with russia is the first major test we 've had of that since the eu was founded . 
  i do n't think eu governments or the us will regard this as being just an action of the rebels in ukraine , i believe they will blame moscow for their encouraging of the rebels with money , arms etc. 
  even if there was no direct order for the attack . 
  a few years ago my friend and i did quite a bit of hitch-hiking around italy , we were the stereotypical horror-movie victim types ; naive females just out of university . 
  the only dangers we encountered is that people would insist on us coming to their house for dinner or coming to their jazz gig or meeting their single sons just out of university . 
  imagine the scene ` english ladies !, 
  would you like a lift ladies ? ', 
  ` that would be nice , we have heard the art museum in the city centre is good if you 're heading that way . ', 
  ` of course , get in ' * 5 minutes later * ` is this the right way , the sign said the museum was the other way ? 
  ` yes yes , the museum later , first we are going to the beach , my wife is making a barbecue for you ' ` okay ' not exactly hitchcock material . 
  not unless the meat was dangerously undercooked on purpose . 
  mind you , my friend did end up marrying one of the guys we met in italy and now they have two daughters . 
  we did n't meet him hitch-hiking but he helped us navigate the public transport system . 
  he did n't speak much english at the time so we communicated mostly through made-up sign language and facial gestures , which is about 70 % of italian language anyway so it was n't much of an obstacle . 
  so if you 're a female freaked out by the whole womb parasite thing maybe be careful around european men . 
  if i were doing it again i would take a few more basic precautions however , as perhaps we were lucky to only have nice drivers . 
  * make sure someone knows where you are travelling to and from and your rough journey time so the alarm can be raised if the worst should happen . 
  * before you get in to a vehicle contact someone reliable , preferably in the country you 're travelling through who can speak the language , but if not family and friends at home , with a brief description of the driver , the appearance and make of the vehicle and the registration number . 
  sorry , i ca n't read your comment as it does not have sausage puns in it . 
  also , a pun-run is rarely a serious political comment , in that case it was just sentences strung together to fit sausage words in . 
  we do need strong european institutions to prevent these sorts of scandals or we 'll end up with us style pork-barrel politics . 
  big business wants the regulatory bodies charged with overseeing them salami-sliced until they are no longer effective . 
  we must put up legislative walls to prevent this . 
  this is n't something that can be cured overnight but we need to realise the rusks involved and act now or these anti-consumer acts will get wurst and wurst, 
  i saw on a bbc financial news report today that the government are now including illicit commercial activities like prostitution and drug dealing in our gdp figures . 
  so i guess now all money in the uk is legitimate money by definition . 
  yeah , at this point i 'll bet all the spy networks from washington to beijing are just really keen on blatantly spying on the germans because it annoys them so much . 
  it 's like tickling a ticklish person . 
  a recent episode of ` in our time ' discussed this idea - as proposed by the german philosopher and early sociologist max weber . 
  a very interesting listen . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b03yqj31 the title of his seminal book ` the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism . ', 
  might sound a bit sectarian on the face of it , but it 's not really , rather it 's an argument that the protestant reformation paved to way for secular capitalism which non-protestant societies were then able to adopt . 
  back when the uk was america 's most important european ally london was crawling with us spies and washington was crawling with british spies , everyone checking who was selling what secrets to the russians . 
  you do n't need to spy on your enemies so much , you already know what their agenda is , you already know they 're plotting against you . 
  your allies have access to your secrets and the ability to double cross you , so you spy on them more . 
  there 's no such things as ` friendship ' or ` trust ' in international relations . 
  it 's just about what suits national interests in the current moment . 
  the  90 % rather than 100 % is going to be to allow for immigration etc. 
  although a good proportion of immigrants in france come from francophone countries so there wo n't be a great deal of difference in it . 
  if it 's self reporting ` being able to hold a conversation ' it would include anyone who remembers a few sentences of school french and can say stuff like ` excuse me waiter , i will have the fish with the potatoes , do you know the way to the library , my aunt put her pen on the table there . ', 
  my top values because i live in evil yurop 1 . 
  compulsory homo-sex and gender for everyone . 
  sustainable fisheries policies 4 . child murder 5 . removal of trade barriers between eu countries, 
  santa claus was born in germany as the god woden , he then went to turkey to be saint nicholas for a bit and then he went to england to be old man winter and now he lives in his latest home in the nordics enjoying their great social programs and looking after his flying reindeer and his elves . 
  this is basic stuff you should have learned in yurop history class . 
  do you see that there 's not just a guy in lederhosen in that picture ? 
  do you see that it 's got lots of national stereotypes , many of them region or class or gender specific which everyone else was able to take in good humour apart from him/her . 
  s/he made the effort to assert that bavaria does n't equal germany after a german team with five bayern munich players just won the wc for germany . 
  i mean , for goodness sake , of all the offensive internet memes about germany this person gets offended about lederhosen . 
  if s/he wanted to make some point about stereotypes s/he could have acknowledged the other sterotypes there , but s/he did n't , so the evidence points to an anti-bavaria agenda . 
  if it were n't for bavaria they might well not have won the thing !, 
  s/he deserved a telling off . 
  sometimes we take walks in the rain because we like being in the rain because we 're british and it 's just in our dna . 
  oh and ... philipp lahm plays for bayern munich jerome boateng plays for bayern munich bastian schweinsteiger plays for bayern munich thomas muller plays for bayern munich toni kroos plays for bayern munich so the bavarian costume is entirely relevant . 
  have you ever caught a flounder who turned out to be an enchanted prince ? 
  urgh , who are you the duolingo owl ? 
  and boq is right , in dem shortens to im . 
  and you think every british person wears a bowler hat ? 
  do you think french people wear breton stripes everyday ? 
  lederhosen is a costume that lots of people outside germany associate with germans . 
  and how did you manage to turn a cute yurop-love picture in to an anti-bavarian thing in your brain ? 
  wow . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  i hope you 're not german yourself because if you 're concerning yourself with not being bavarian moments after a world cup win that would be too tragic for words . 
  being in to relevance is first step for esti in to being in to nordic !, 
  nordic is first step in to being owners of flying reindeer !, 
  flying reindeer is first step in to space !, 
  esti can in to space !, 
  oh go and shove it up your proverbial !, 
  / r/europe is celebrating a european success . 
  where did you think you were / r/narrownationalism ?? 
  it 's okay , i 'm sure he does n't mean ` ueber alles in der welt ' in a militaristic ultra-nationalist sense , just ` ueber alles im fussball ', 
  full of love for yurop right now . 
  i came across an article in a us media magazine recently that described his new show as ` ground breaking ' because of the mix of satire and activism ( for example his urging his audience to contact the fcc to oppose their anti-net-neutrality stance ) which made realise that us audiences have n't had these type of shows in the national lime-light before . 
  there 's a whole tradition of this in the uk , where either political activism is used as a vehicle for comedy or the comedy is designed to spur activism ( often both . ), 
  from ` that was the week that was ' in the 60s through to ` friday night armistice ' in the 90s and recently ` the revolution will be televised ' i make a distinction between this and straight political satire such as ` mock the week ' or ` the daily show ' in the us because they blur the line between telly and the real world in a way those shows do n't .
