  their options were ` more independence and mother russia later ' or ` mother russia now ' there was no ` ukraine is fine thanks ' box stop believing what russia today says , stop believing what people who read it say . 
  your brain has gone soft . 
  the pro-joining russia party did n't manage to get even 10 % of the vote in the last election and all of a sudden their platform is getting 97 % . 
  pull the other one it has got bells on . 
  also - according to his theory the uk sits out wars and europe and does n't get involved . 
  hitler had the same theory . 
  that we 'd be too busy choosing which minor royal to send on their summer holidays to canada to notice a little war in europe . 
  has he even met us ? 
  read a history book even ? 
  we could n't do isolationism or not getting involved if we tried . 
  we 're nosy , we 're bossy , in every corner of the world we 're there , being involved . 
  we ca n't help ourselves . 
  and how 's that being dragged back to the 19th century by an unhinged egomaniac working out for you ? 
  still got that horribly low life expectancy and tragically high abortion rates ` cus so many people have no hope for the future ? 
  london , paris , berlin , all the big european cities , are full of rich russians who got the hell out as soon as they could afford to so you 're not going to convince us that the grass is greener in putinland . 
  russia 's potential is being wasted and fucktards like you are helping it happen . 
  well fucking done . 
  youtube comments will always show you the dross of every nation , it 's where the blowhard ` america is the greatest ' and the un-ironic ` let 's rebuild the british empire ' people etc hang out . 
  i 'd die of cringe if anyone judged the uk by our youtube commentators !, 
  having said that ... fuck the kremlin 's propaganda that 's fuelling this , seriously . 
  i was always vaguely euro-optimistic but always thought of it as a rather abstract and distant thing . 
  laws on fishing quotas etc. 
  but since these protests started in kiev i 've began to refer to myself as european and to identify much more with other europeans on the basis of solidarity . 
  we have built this amazing group of institutions based on mutual trust and rule of law and being civilised ( which is directly proportional to the amount of paper work and meetings required to make a decision i think ) and sure , it does n't always work great , sure , we have some disagreements sometimes but we have had decades of peace and increasing prosperity and increasing equality and improving human rights and i 'll be damned if some autocratic neo-tsarist cunt is going to stand in the way of the right of any european ( and i include russia and turkey in that ) to aspire to a better life in a more democratic , better run society . 
  putin thinks the west ` stole ' ukraine , but the truth is he lost ukraine , same as the ussr lost the cold war . 
  because people are n't idiots and as soon as they see that other people in other countries have better lives they naturally demand the same . 
  it wo n't . 
  all the regions in italy think they could do better as independent states , that 's part of what makes them italian . 
  the whole being a single nation thing happened quite late in italy , they have n't yet got their minds around the idea . 
  they 're too busy having prejudices about the north ( if they 're from the south ) and about the south ( if they 're from the north ) . 
  to bother with being anti or pro other countries . 
  they are a lot more pro-european integration than most europeans , i think on the basis that the germans , british , french , polish etc are at least not romans/venetians/milanese etc, 
  succession referenda are soooo bourgeois . 
  stokes croft in bristol just unilaterally declared itself to be ` the people 's republic of stokes croft ' and they maintain their independence by being populated by people you 'd cross the street to avoid . 
  not even tescos could conquer them , global capitalism is no match for hippies in search of a cause . 
  amen . 
  oh avaaz , one day - ` support this worthwhile human rights campaign ' yes avaaz , yes i will . 
  next day ` support the right of snake oil salesmen to sale penis enhancement pills without having to go through any sort of consumer protection hurdles ' no , avaaz , no . 
  and hence the lesson was learned that the wisdom of crowds is all too often equal to the square root of the iq of the dimmest member . 
  if this is accurate that only about a quarter of people in eastern ukraine think recent russian actions are justified that 's quite a failure for their propaganda effort . 
  i have quite a bit of faith in the ability of ordinary russians to get around censorship barriers and to seek out information if they want it . 
  the tales of the lengths people would got to in the ussr days just to get hold of a beatles record or to tune in to a western radio station leave me in no doubt that the kremlin will ultimately lose the long game . 
  in the comments it 's mentioned that this is from the finals of an eu wide choir competition and that the teams were originally meant to sing the eu anthem , beethoven 's ode to joy , but the organisers invited them to sing the ukraine anthem if they chose instead . 
  for pretty obvious topical reasons . 
  link wo n't load for me - so ca n't see details but are you sure it 's the same person ? 
  ukraine does n't have a chief rabbi , there are at least 4 men claiming the title , representing different jewish communities . 
  wikipedia lists them yaakov dov bleich ( 1990 -- present ) -- original post-communism chief rabbi , still widely recognized chief rabbi of ukraine and kiev alex dukhovny -- the progressive ( liberal/reform ) chief rabbi of kiev and ukraine azriel haikin ( 2003 -- present ) -- chabad affiliated ; not recognized as ukraine chief rabbi , but heads the ukrainian chabad [ 19 ] moshe reuven azman -- rabbi from chabad , though elected mostly by secular jewish leaders and not by any rabbinical authority [ 20 ] ( 2005 -- present ), 
  i do n't really trust vice as a source of news because i 've read stuff they 've written about my own city that was very exaggerated and sensationalist . 
  i 've no doubt that stuff worthy of sensational journalism is happening in ukraine right now , but i 'd rather read about it from sources i trust more . 
  otherwise i 'd be no better than those who cite russia today as evidence of the evils of the west . 
  the usual british view on this , at least amongst those who know a little history , is that the ordinary rank and file french service personnel fought bravely and continued to do so as the free french forces and resistance fighters after the surrender and that it was an incompetent leadership , unprepared for the realities of modern warfare , which surrendered to the germans , not the french nation as a whole . 
  what other languages call ukraine is a separate matter , when we 're speaking or writing english , as we usually do in this subreddit , ukraine 's name is ukraine it only has the ` the ' when it was an ssr . 
  things are already moving on that front , switzerland is freezing bank accounts , cameron has said he 's willing to have the city of london take a hit if germany and france will also accept hits ... 
  when the stakes are high enough mountains will be moved . 
  the strength of democracies comes from their ability to accept diversity and differences of opinion . 
  many tyrants have fallen thinking that they can easily overcome ` weak ' democracies , but the thing is , in a democracy at war every individual is fighting for preserving themselves and their family and their friends , not just for the ` nation ' or ` the leader ' democracies do n't need to march in lock step because they let people have their own internal rhythm to march to and when enough of us are headed in the same direction we 're unstoppable . 
  putin 's mind seems to think in black and white terms of loyal or disloyal , what he fails to grasp is that i can be totally , totally loyal to my country and to the idea of european solidarity , whilst simultaneously satirising and critiquing its shortcomings - because real democracy gives me room to do that , it does n't demand that i kow-tow to any single person or institution . 
  democracy is like a dysfunctional family - sure everyone snipes at each other but heaven help the stranger who snipes from the outside . 
  for those of us who ca n't get passed ft pay wall or do n't wish to register it 'd be cool if you could provide a brief summary of the article . 
  wait . . when elections are held to vote for members of the european parliament . . what did you think was happening ??!, 
  why did you think the polling stations suddenly popped up everywhere ? 
  did you think it was the x factor or something ? 
  these parties are the political groupings that the national parties subscribe to . 
  i 'll be voting for a labour mep and therefore i selected ` party of european socialists ' as uk labour is part of this wider group within the eu . 
  i 've no idea about the candidates for the other question though , i just selected that mr. ska because i like ska music . 
  love russian culture and people , hate russian government elite . 
  my views on russia do n't just come from the media or social media , they also come from talking to russians who live in the uk and are very critical of the situation that they left . 
  for anyone unsure of who he is , here 's [ a bbc profile ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12082222 ) in brief - russian oligarch , opposed putin , got locked up on fraud and corruption charges , eventually freed as a show of ` clemency ' and fled to germany . 
  i have no idea whether the charges against him were substantiated with facts or were just invented , but as a russian addressing ukranians and taking an anti-kremlin stance his words may be influential . 
  the serb nationalists have close connections with russian nationalists as both groups tend to belong to orthodox churches and there is a lot of history between orthodox christians and muslims and jewish groups in the region . 
  would n't want to generalise too much but it 's a possible recruiting signal to get them to believe that this is either about protecting the orthodox in the area or pushing the muslims and jews out or both :(, 
  i think it 's just common sense that we keep armed forced tied to nation states to protect the interests of each sovereign nation within europe , but that we develop frameworks for efficient co-operation so that we can work together on a case-by-case basis . 
  you do n't need to make a european army - you can start with stuff like having all the kit across europe be compatible so that joint operations can be launched at short notice . 
  i also think people here who think the current russian leadership is reasonable and will be swayed or appeased by diplomacy are very naive . 
  the question for me is not whether we have to take a stand but when we 're going to take it . 
  putin has said that he regards the break up of the soviet union as the greatest tragedy of the 20th c. i do n't think we should be complacent about his desires to reverse that and get back eastern europe . 
  i do n't think he 'd try anything major tomorrow , but i can see a danger of a piece-by-piece land grab . 
  each time western leaders accepting the loss of eastern ukraine or transnistria or . . as the new status quo . 
  and i do n't think either that this is about america versus russia , i do n't care much what america 's interests are in the region , i care about the interests of the ukrainians in ukraine and the poles in poland and the lithuanian in lithuania . 
  it 's just f * cking shameful to treat them like pawns who can be sacrificed to russia to satisfy putin 's appetite . 
  for me this is n't about whether we should take a stand but when . 
  it 's not okay that ukraine was being forced to play the buffer zone between russia and the eu , as a european country it has the right to apply to join the eu and to enjoy the same treatment as any other european country . 
  i realise why it 's being done - to try to avoid the outbreak of violence - but i find it very hard to swallow that we should accept russian incursion in to crimea and ask the ukrainians to negotiate a settlement on that basis . 
  it 's very unjust . 
  it 's william hague . 
  title is false and alarmist this is n't what 's being called for by the bva ( british veterinary association ) they are calling for all halal and kosher slaughter to take place after the animal is stunned to make sure it does n't experience pain during the bleeding . 
  to get it to meet eu welfare standards . 
  85 % of halal slaughter in the uk already complies with this , they already stun and already have eu welfare approval . 
  this is about the other 15 % improving their practices in line with modern scientific understanding about animal cognition - it has nothing to do with a ` ban ' on halal or kosher meat . 
  sorry but conflating euroscepticism with anti-semitism is just silly . 
  a person can object to federalism without being a racist . 
  um . . spain . . united kingdom ... gibraltar ?? 
  russian government is not very good at truth telling , a great deal of modern warfare , cold and hot , takes place in the arena of public opinion . 
  ukraine govenment must resist the temptation to counter propaganda with propaganda and must instead show itself to be honest and straight forward and push an accurate narrative . 
  let russia discredit itself in the world 's eyes . 
  the security council will never side with ukraine ( russia and china are on it ) but a majority in the un general assembly can give the legal green light for international sanctions or military intervention . 
  so world opinion matters . 
  ordinary ukrainians with family and connexions in russia can do their part by keeping them informed on a day to day basis and helping russians to discriminate between good and bad news sources . 
  the problems i can see with sanctions are 1 . 
  if they 're too wide they risk also defunding the political and civil opposition against putin and that kind of collective punishment would be counter productive 2 .
