  southern europe 's longer day light hours , especially in winter . 
  it 's a bit miserable when it 's already night-dark by 6pm . 
  i should think british military rations are quite good because some dishes designed for rations - such as boil in the bag fish with parsley sauce - have transferred from the military to supermarkets . 
  i thought they only ` stand down ' for as long as they 're speaker , he 'll most likely go back to being a tory once his role is done and everyone knows it . 
  so while he may not technically be a party member currently , people know what his personal beliefs are . 
  it 's not like the royals where they 're trained ( in theory at least ) to never be partisan from cradle to grave . 
  we basically have the same , the queen as head of state ca n't be partisan and the speaker , despite being a member of a party , is also not partisan when they 're in the speaker role . 
  in fact just recently there was a plot by some tories to try to oust speaker bercow because they saw him as too pro-labour , despite the fact that he is a tory as well . 
  i guess [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/59/63/dd/5963dd164b7181d617aab88a64401057.jpg ) works for the uk and ireland , since you 're more likely this red hair , green or blue eyes and pale skin with freckles combo here than anywhere else . 
  i do n't think there is a single stereotype for britain and ireland though , we 've been invaded from all directions over the centuries and we run the european gamut from scandiweigen looking to mediterraneanesque . 
  it 's explained on the wiki page `` uniquely among nato main battle tank armament , the l30a1 ( the tank gun ) is rifled , because the british army continues to place a premium on the use of high explosive squash head ( hesh ) rounds in addition to armour-piercing fin-stabilized discarding-sabot armour-piercing rounds . '', 
  [ this is how british people queue when looting during a riot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p7v6b.jpg ) even if our civilisation were to totally break down , even if we were to be reduced to a hunter-gatherer lifestyle , we would still remember how to form an orderly queue . 
  the worst ` queuing ' i 've ever witnessed was in casablanca , morocco . 
  healthy grown men practically throwing fragile little old ladies and children aside to just to get on the bus first . 
  a convent is for nuns , a monastery is for monks . 
  not sure if translation error or if we 're referring to different buildings ? 
  the kremlin is on fire , just a monastery bit , not a government bit . 
  ` kremlin fire ' could just mean ` novodevichy monastery fire ' ` the kremlin ' is used for a catch all term for the fortified complex in the centre of moscow which includes many non-governmental buildings , as well as to refer to the russian government . 
  it would be like saying there 's a fire in ` washington ' it could mean the white house is on fire , but it could also mean some private office building in washington dc . 
  was on fire . 
  the fortified complex is quite confined though , so the fire is close to government buildings even if it is only confined to the monastery . 
  whether that is significant i dunno . 
  i would n't be eligible for any front line fighting as i would n't pass the physical fitness test the army uses for various reasons . 
  but if there was an existential threat to the uk i would definitely find a way to contribute to the war effort , preferably in an office job working for the intelligence services or just in general administration . 
  something like writing propaganda articles or keeping track of production of uniforms . 
  i would be happy for them to come back so long as they went straight to prison and served the appropriate sentences under british law for any crimes they have committed . 
  i do n't want anyone with british citizenship in a foreign country causing harm to people . 
  they 're our responsibility and they should be dealt with in our prison system . 
  good intentions , not wonderful at fact checking or getting editors to looks properly at copy before it 's published . 
  in their defence though they do print corrections a lot more prominently and frequently than most newspapers . 
  bad things happen to russians who disapprove of him and express that sentiment publicly , so it 's not as if polls of his ` popularity ' tell us much about his actual popularity . 
  does the irish stock exchange fall if higgins is n't seen for a few days ? 
  because the russian one is falling , even more so than it was anyway , with putin not being visible . 
  ireland is not russia . 
  higgins is not putin . 
  it 's not still law though , we are signatories to the european convention on human rights which prohibits the death penalty under any circumstances . 
  this treaty obligation was formalised in 1998 with the human rights act and the crime and disorder act , but the death penalty has been de-facto abolished in the uk since 1969 . 
  former colonisation addict , in recovery . 
  ` more or less ' which is a bbc radio show all about fact-checking numbers and statistics in the news , did a programme recently looking at the claim that alabama , the poorest state in the us , is richer than the uk . 
  and the answer is that it depends entirely on how you measure it . 
  they looked at average earnings and purchasing power . 
  certain things , such as petrol/gasoline and property rental prices are way lower in alabama . 
  but other things such as health care and fresh fruits and vegetables are more expensive . 
  whether or not you would be financially better off living in the uk or alabama depends mainly on your lifestyle and partially on luck . 
  there 's also the fact that americans tend to work longer hours , so yeah , they have more money on average , but they do n't necessarily have a better quality of life . 
  europe has more of a culture of accepting loss of earnings in return for having more free time and family time . 
  there are plenty of instances of anglophone people complaining they ca n't understand english language stuff because it 's too quiet , or too fast or spoken in a regional accent etc. 
  i think to play fair british and russian people should sit this one out and let the other nations have a go . 
  because everyone has heard of dickens and tolstoy surely , so it 'd be nice to hear of some more obscure authors who 're worthy of our attention . 
  never mind london , there can be snow up to knee level and the girls ooop north will still be in strappy heels , bare legs and mini-skirts , i did it all the time as a student but it would kill me now , as would the amount of booze required for that alcohol blanket effect . 
  have you every been in the uk during eurovision ? 
  what are you basing this cultural stereotype on ? 
  it 's so far from reality and you 're so committed to it . 
  did terry wogan once turn you down for a date or something ? 
  malta and ireland vote for us . 
  no , eurovision is mainly seen as a very kitsch joke , as reflected in the bbc coverage every single year . 
  it 's true that people tend to be very cynical about the voting system , but no one actually cares beyond moaning a bit . 
  it 's just something to talk about when eurovision is on . 
  other topics include ` why are all the songs in english now ? ', 
  and ` why is there no diary production on stage this year ? ', 
  and the old classic ` azerbaijan ? 
  where 's that ? 
  is that in europe ? ', 
  i ca n't imagine why russia might think this history song about 1944 is politically relevant now . 
  whatever could have happened to make them so sensitive ? 
  was it that annexation thing ? 
  i 'll bet it was that . 
  i quite liked it , although it was n't my favourite . 
  i think perhaps jazz singing is more divisive than even slavic geo-politics , cus there 's a very thin line between impressive high notes and bleeding ears . 
  i assume this would be the short intro video to a conference talk for meps or eurocrats . 
  it 's not aimed at all at getting the fine details of the message across , it 's just mood setting . 
  this is a dragon 's den type video , not a space-science video . 
  this is ` give us your money we can make money ' and they got that across very well . 
  i think it may be the best promotional video for space industries i 've ever seen . 
  i remember when this subreddit was primarily a place to have or observe measured rational discussions about pan-european politics that i do n't generally find in the general british media :( i miss that . 
  i approve . 
  our ` hundred years war ' lasted for one hundred and thirteen years . 
  a few decades of not slaughtering each other is more than polite . 
  it 's super nice . 
  polite would be aiming a longbow to kill humanely rather than to maim and cause a slow painful death . 
  yeah , they will have to decide between the president of the council herman , van rompuy or the president of the commission , jos\u00e9 manuel barroso . 
  i hope someone 's got a coin to flip !, 
  the french and the germans being nice to each other . 
  the french and the english being nice to each other . 
  the dutch and the spanish being nice to each other . 
  even the flemish and the walloons being nice to each other !, 
  the eu deserves this prize a thousand times over . 
  the eu started as an economic union to give space for peaceful trade negotiations between france and germany especially over iron and coal in the rhineland . 
  do you know what happened before this ? 
  war , lots of wars with death tolls in the millions . 
  over time more and more countries have been brought in . 
  look at how much violence has gone from civil conflicts in catalan , northern ireland etc. 
  look at the contribution eu troops make to peace keeping around the world . 
  look at the pressure the eu puts on other nations around the world to respect the rule of law and to grant rights to their citizens . 
  the un would probably not have survived without it , without a commitment for the european powers to work together . 
  seriously , the eu is up there with the first athenian experiments with democracy , it has changed the way the world is governed and the way conflicts are resolved hugely . 
  i disagree . 
  in these times when there are so many economic and political difficulties within and between eu members i think it 's really important to remind people of the contribution it 's made in the past decades and to encourage people to take a longer view of history . 
  how far do norwegians distinguish between eu membership and membership of the euro ? 
  would a dismantling of the single currency project make them more or less likely to want to join ?
