  it should be noted that snowden did n't even attempt to go through any legal whistle blowing channels in the us , he just went straight to greenwald , and it 's been reported that he knew greenwald before he started working for the nsa contractor . 
  under uk law ca n't extradite without very firm guarantee that capital punishment and torture wo n't be used , so would require a lot of negotiations with us then terrible fall out if us reneges on promises . 
  it would mean loads of really expensive legal battles for the gov.whether they wanted to extradite him or not as americans could challenge decision not to etc. 
  his wife is british and his mother was british . 
  i stopped studying maths at age 16 so could n't tell you what it 's like at higher level , but compulsory 5-16 maths education in the uk is the same as you describe for portugal . 
  yeah , not that many welsh people speak welsh . 
  not in the south anyhow . 
  i recall something similar in swedish history where they did the first official census , sometime in the 18th c i think ? 
  ... possibly related to army conscription/war taxes ? 
  and it turned out the population was millions less than had been assumed so sweden had to go in to an alliance or something ? 
  ring any bells for anyone ? 
  euro - referring to the continent of europe . . phile - referring to a person who loves or likes something . 
  someone who likes french wine or british rock music or italian opera or german cars or swedish furniture is a bit of a europhile . 
  it 's not a term to get worked up about , not unless you hate the goddess europa and all her children and all that she stands for . 
  i 'm not talking about the very big supermarkets . 
  i 'm talking about the hypermarkets , there 's only about a dozen of them in the uk . 
  you could fit several of the big supermarkets in to a hypermarket and they do have the mile long aisles . 
  asda and tesco do also have huge out of town hypermarkets in the uk which are several times the size of any of the major inner city stores . 
  you could teach a postgraduate course on intl. 
  relations using only th history of eurovision , 
  there is still low level terrorism and civil unrest , mostly targeting police officers , but at a much lower level than in the early 90s . 
  the majority want to stay in the uk , including increasing numbers of the catholic constituency . 
  recent polling by mori found that 38 % of n.i catholics wanted to remain in the uk - although that should be treated with the scepticism appropriate to polls . 
  the overall result for both denominations and others was 65 % wish to stay in , 17 % wish to leave and the rest were undecided or did not say . 
  the shifts in attitudes on this reflect the much warmer relations between the british and irish governments in recent years , the disillusionment with the euro zone and the coming of age of a generation who matured after the 1990s peace talks . 
  there are tentative plans afoot to take down the ` peace ' walls which divide some catholic and protestant areas . 
  that would be a huge symbolism of progress but unfortunately there are still concerns on both sides that trouble makers could cause violence so this is being talked about very cautiously . 
  you send jedward here and you want to talk about abuse ? 
  the official languages of the european broadcasting union are french * and * english , so its their prerogative to speak french . 
  it is hilarious how persistent they are about it though , considering most other countries even * sing * in english at the euro-vision . 
  i would like something like this : a revolving lf changing every 5 years cycling through the top 5 european languages by numbers of native speakers . 
  so english , french , german , spanish and whichever one is no 5 ... having a fixed timetable would give people a few years ' notice to get to grips with each new language before it 's introduced officially . 
  the money saved on translating documents i 'd like to see redeployed funding subsidised language teaching in eu schools and universities and used to support minority languages . 
  i do n't think only having english would be a good idea , it may be convenient for some , but when conducting negotiations with other continents it 's useful to have people able to converse in finnish or dutch for secretive conspiring to outfox our competitors who will most likely also speak some english . 
  no , english is german with french words . 
  i thought british sovereignty of the falklands was explicitly written in to the eu defence treaty . 
  nuh-uh , the middle east is divided between africa and asia , it 's the near east that 's european and asian . 
  some fuckwit downvoted me ?? 
  okay , go tell egypt they 're in asia ... oh you who are so wise . 
  uncultured yank is against funding for the arts . 
  carry as you are dutch people , you 're doing a sterling job of being a proper country with a proper monarch . 
  the good people in the world appreciate your cheerful orange theme . 
  if you do group projects everyday from age 5 trust me you learn how to make the lazy kids work . 
  if someone shirked they would get unpopular very quickly . 
  the single desk arrangement seems very artificial , not many jobs where you do n't talk to colleauges , and very , very boring . 
  whole lessons not being allowed to sit with your friends or boyfriend/girlfriend . 
  how are you meant to create espirit de corps in those circumstances ? 
  how are you meant to have thumb wars or under the table shin kicking competitions or to amuse yourself by stealing from pencil cases every time someone 's distracted ? 
  i think i would have died of boredom and that 's speaking as a kid who was a geeky introvert and not one of the popular crowd at all . 
  we chose our own groups for lessons and stuck with them , they were really tight knit little families , i worked with my best friend in every lesson i could and we used to spend the whole day laughing . 
  it was awesome . 
  old duke bristol jazz festival * it 's free * it 's good music * it 's within walking distance from my house * it 's within walking distance of a dozen of my ` local ' pubs perfect . 
  edit - this thread has reminded me how many festivals are coming up in my area now that summer 's on the way . 
  not just musical festivals , but also cheltenham science festival , the harbour-side festival , the balloon fiesta , the festival of ideas etc. . . we are really spoilt here , 
  something to add - uk universities are almost entirely state bodies - although they still charge tuition fees etc. 
  they got a lot of state subsidy . 
  the only exception i can think of is uni buckinghamshire which is private . 
  you need a royal charter to award degrees here so it 's not like any fly by night company can set one up . 
  question - are us schools really like they appear on tv and movies with kids sitting at individual desks in rows ? 
  that looks very victorian to british eyes , in our state schools kids sit around tables facing each other unless told to turn around and face the teacher . 
  edit - apparently the jargon for our system is cooperative clusters - that 's how all my glasses were arranged aged 5-16 and uni seminars were like that too . 
  only ever sat in at a single desk in a row of desks for exams and uni lectures . 
  england ( wales , scotland and northern ireland have separate systems ) successive governments and education ministers have been tinkering with the system since the 1960s when comprehensive ( all ability ) schools were first introduced . 
  so we do n't have a ` system ' so much as a ramshackle set of different exam types , exam boards , different types of schools etc. 
  some people do a baccalaureate at an independent school , some people do gcses at an academy . 
  there 's no logical rhyme and reason to it . 
  i think the education people get here ranges from acceptable to superb , i think much of the teaching is superb and the curricula is generally good , but the qualifications side of it is a bit of a shambles . 
  it 's not clear to employers now what new qualifications are worth because they 're changed so often and there 's so much controversy . 
  to improve it i would like * more emphasis on improving standards in the state sector instead of just neglecting those families who ca n't afford to pay . 
  the state schools can be a post code lottery - some as good as the expensive public schools - some falling far behind . 
  they need tonnes more investment . 
  * long term pension and pay guarantees for teachers to make it an attractive profession for talented graduates * a simplified and centralised examinations system so that one person 's gcse maths is the same as another 's . 
  * better maintained school buildings and more access to playing fields for school sports, 
  there was a facebook group campaign to get the ding dong song to number one , the group was n't very big . . but some daily mail journalist found it and was outraged and blamed the bbc . 
  now , because the bbc plays the chart they are therefore responsible for its content . 
  in the same way that weathermen are responsible for the weather . 
  thousands of people bought the song , some because of the campaign , some because the joke of playing that song when an unpopular woman dies has been around since the 1930s . 
  some because they kept hearing it mentioned and it 's a catchy tune . 
  the evil socialist bbc failed to police the free market . 
  they failed to stop people buying a song on itunes and are therefore responsible for every bad taste protest . 
  the publicity heaped upon the erstwhile obscure campaign by the conservative media to generate outrage in no way contributed to the chart position . 
  in no way did making the campaign headline news contribute to its popularity . 
  there may not be many major nordic teams , but a lot of nordic people follow british , german etc. 
  football leagues . 
  i was forced to learn german at school and have been dipping in and out of it ever since . 
  truth be told i do n't view it as a vehicle for communication , since all the germans i have dealings with speak good english . 
  rather i view trying to learn german , with all its weird grammar rules , as a mental exercise , akin to learning a music instrument or taking a maths class . 
  i can get by with conversational german once i 've had some immersion to wash off the rust and i can read a newspaper article or watch a telly programme in german , but if i 'd wanted to learn a ` useful ' language for communicating i 'd have picked spanish or mandarin or cantonese or portuguese or perhaps , given recent migration , an eastern european language . 
  my interest in continuing with german after school was primarily because i was studying english literature and linguistics at university and i felt some german knowledge would be useful in approaching old english texts , which it definitely was . 
  now i do n't do much toward german learning apart from pissing about on duolingo , but i 'm constantly surprised by how much i remember when i do have cause to use it . 
  i do n't have to make a case for english do i ? 
  ok , well , it 's probably easier to just learn english than to wait for the english to learn foreign . 
  so there you go . 
  no a nation does not have to have just one native language the vast majority of irish people speak english as their mother tongue . 
  hibernian english has been spoken in ireland since the 12c . 
  it is ludicrous to claim the only ` native ' language is one which the vast majority of irish people can not speak fluently . 
  do you really think irish people should be tested on their english skills as if they 're learning a foreign language ?!, 
  ` hey you 've been speaking english here for 800 years but you have a different flag now so you have to take a test ' irish immigrants to the uk pass english proficiency tests just fine despite the immense and treacherous irish sea . 
  malaysian english , a mix of british and american english with a smattering of local vocab is the main lingua franca in malaysia . 
  in state primary schools they use local languages now ; mandarin , tamil , malay etc.
