both classical four legged dragons and wyverns have been used . 
  the same was true for the welsh until the tudors standardised the design . 
  i can live with this . 
  i have a few conditions though . 
  our eternal head of state will be alfred the great . 
  we 'd have a regional government subject to democratic change , but we 'd be a constitutional necrocracy , with no one allowed to claim supremacy over our great , dearly departed alfred . 
  winchester will be the symbolic capital , but bristol will be the economic capital . 
  we would form an alliance with the welsh as they also have a flag with a dragon and are our kindred spirits . 
  we would then betray them at any opportunity because they are the welsh . 
  there is a great deal of internal division within the wessex regionalist movement . 
  for a start do we draw the borders along the lines of the old anglo-saxon kingdom in its heyday , or along those set out by thomas hardy ? 
  is bristol to be the capital or winchester ? 
  is the national dish to be scone , cream then jam , or scone , jam then cream ?!, 
  wars have been fought over less . 
  they 're ceramic . 
  they 're being sold to raise money for veterans ' charities after remembrance day . 
  the vast majority of polls showed ` no ' in the lead , but that was n't a good news story . 
  you might think that if 99 % polls showed ` no ' winning and 1 % of poll showed ` yes ' winning newspapers and broadcasters would n't make the ` yes ' poll the headline story , but you 'd be wrong . 
  the coverage of the referendum build up outside the uk pretty much ignored the majority for most of the time because it 's not very exciting to hear that things are probably going to stay the same in a foreign country . 
  ` status quo to remain in place ' is not a circulation booster . 
  compare with a map of [ areas of viking settlement ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/50/viking_expansion.svg/2000px-viking_expansion.svg.png ), 
  i think the author is jumping to conclusions , seeing young girls in head scarves and assuming that their parents are pressuring them to wear them . 
  for my friend who wears hijab the opposite was the case , she wanted to when she was little because her mum and aunties wore them and so she felt it was ` grown up ' to wear one , but her mum did n't let her until she was 12 and was old enough to understand more fully the deeper significance of the garment in her culture . 
  of course there are instances where a person is being pressured in what to wear , which in my opinion is wrong regardless of whether it 's a religious garment being imposed or a religious garment being banned in the name of secularism . 
  but the clothing of individuals should be judged on a case by case basis . 
  blanket proclamations help no one . 
  eurovision is for the russian people , not their government . 
  it 's a massive gay pride parade with a democratic voting system . 
  we should be be shoving it down the throats of the russian homophobic government in support of every russian who wants to live in a liberal country where human rights and votes count . 
  this makes me sad :( eurovision is like a big cheesy yurop family reunion held every year , it wo n't be the same without ukraine . 
  i 'd vote emphatically ` no ' as my region does perfectly well under our current system and i ca n't see that an extra layer of local government would benefit us any . 
  we 've recently had a local civic mayor ( in addition to our existing ceremonial lord mayor ) and a local police commissioner introduced and the turnouts for electing those was pitifully small . 
  we also have a rationalist political party ` the wessex regionalists ' who have been around for decades and have never made significant ground in elections . 
  i can empathise with other areas of the uk wanting devolution , but it does n't make much sense for the west country/wessex , especially since my city of bristol dominates being the major urban centre in a largely rural region , so we 'd just end up being resented just as london is resented now . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  rspca figures from february 2013 are that only 12 % of halal slaughter in the uk does n't involve stunning the animal to make it unconscious before the throat is cut . 
  it baffles me why people make a big deal out of welfare when it comes to halal/kosher meat but they do n't consider the welfare conditions of non halal or kosher animals . 
  the rules around halal are n't just about the death of the animal , they also include its welfare whilst it 's alive , which is not something you get from intensive factory farming . 
  i would rather buy uk halal meat , which meets british and halal law , so long as it 's stunned before slaughter , than imported meat where the animal has endured stressful transport and i do n't know what conditions it 's been living under . 
  i 've never been there and i 've never tried it , but i 'm sold on the idea of it ... 
  i 've read that malta 's food is a mixture of british and italian , which just sounds ideal to me . 
  a pub roast dinner in the daytime and a proper pasta carbonara in the evening ... how could that possibly not be great ? 
  i 've also heard tell of a swedish custom where they feed you coffee and cake all evening , again i find this an appealing thought . 
  the period which saw the emergence of the mercantile middle class following the plague years . 
  russia , belaurus and ukraine were all founded by the volga vikings of the rus khangate . 
  the vikings had trading networks stretching from scandinavia to afghanistan and even made it to the americas so it should n't be too surprising that they settled western russia and parts of eastern europe . 
  the specific ethnicity of the rus khangate settlers as a whole is debatable , but they were either norse or had assimilated in to norse culture , based on their language and religious practices etc. 
  you missed the wessex religionist party . 
  * dragon flag * crazy aristocratic founder who just wanted to be more important than the queen , in one corner of england . 
  * keeps their records in bristol but ca n't decide whether bristol is allowed to be part of wessex or not . 
  we ca n't really make sweeping generalisations based on one study with only 250 participants but regional rivalries are always fun , so let 's go ahead anyway . 
  i have some german , rusty a-level from 10 years ago plus refreshing this year with duolingo , podcasts and such . 
  so sometimes i dream in german , but it 's always child language like ' a sweet cat sits on a chair and it eats a mouse , the mouse has got a girlfriend she goes to the university and she studies music , her parents are on holiday until june ' i can read complex sentences in newspapers etc , but i struggle to produce them without a lot of thought . 
  an alternative article from a nepalese paper for anyone who does n't want to give rt clicks . 
  http://www.ekantipur.com/2014/09/08/headlines/qatar-confirms-detention-of-british-nepali-rights-workers/394726/ the pair are researcher krishna upadhyaya and photographer gundev ghimire , they are nepalese-british employees of the norway-based global network for rights and development . 
  they were in qatar to document the conditions of nepalese migrant workers . 
  we had honey for sweetening things , not as widely applicable as cane sugar but still effective . 
  i also discovered recently that runner beans are native to the americas yet british people tend to eat them much more , we also tend to eat them differently , eating the whole seed-pod with its developing seeds whilst americans eat the developed seeds and discard the pod ( at least from what i 've read on various cookery blogs etc. ), 
  americans are more fond of growing them as ornamental plants as their red and white flowers attract hummingbirds , 
  looking at the events listings for the saddler 's wells ballet in london i see ticket prices starting from # 15 . 
  i conclude that this article was badly researched . 
  i have done a tour of parliament , it did n't cost anything . 
  i wrote to my mp and she arranged it and i was allowed to bring along a guest who lived in a different constituency . 
  for the west country region in england . 
  ' i am a cider drinker ' by the wurzels . 
  we usually just sing the chorus : `` i am a cider drinker , i drinks it all of the day , i am a cider drinker , it soothes all me troubles away , ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay , ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay , ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay , ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay , ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay , ooh arrh , ooh arrh ay note it 's with an exaggerated west country pronunciation so ` cider ' is ` zider ' and the letter ` r ' is very emphasised . 
  full lyrics here : http://www.thewurzels.com/lyricsciderdrinker.htm, 
  i never take individual polls very seriously , no matter how reputable the polling company , because there 's big margins for error . 
  the sample of people asked might be improperly weighted or the questions asked might be loaded . 
  it must just be a funny week , when a particular news event or political speech has influenced people but that effect wo n't be long term . 
  instead i look at meta-polls ( where lots of different polls are taken together and averaged out , to smooth out these errors ) and betting odds averages . 
  betting odds are a really useful tool for predictions because the only agenda of the companies making the calculations is that they want to get it right since they lose money if they 're wrong . 
  they also get updated much more frequently than political polls since they want to be accurate whenever a bet is made . 
  they 're not infallible of course , but the house wins more often than not . 
  looking at these meta-polls and betting odds i 've have n't seen the ` no ' vote on scottish independence dip below 50 % or ` odds on ' ( more likely than not ) since the referendum was announced , so for that reason i 'm pretty certain that scotland will vote to stay in the u.k. 
  there is a [ wikipedia page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generic_trademark ) on this phenomenon , they 're known as genericised trademarks or proprietary eponyms . 
  english has lots and many are so ingrained in the language that i think most people would n't notice them . 
  some examples : * ` aspirin ' for acetylsalicylic acid * ` dry ice ' for carbon dioxide in solid form * ` jacuzzi ' for a hot tub , or whirl pool bath * velcro for hook and loop fastenings * cash point for an cash machine/atm here is a [ list with more ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_generic_and_genericized_trademarks ), 
  yeah , pakistan and india still squabble over kashmir and they 're both nuclear armed states . 
  the pm does the pmqs preamble every wednesday , technically it 's addressed to the house of commons but it is broadcast on tv and radio channels , albeit usually to a niche audience , and so it is done with a general public audience in mind . 
  you 'll sometimes see it on the main news bulletins when something noteworthy has been said , but usually it 's just the formulaic ` today i had some meetings and then i had some other meetings and later i will have some meetings . . ', 
  there 's also the preamble to pmq 's every wednesday when the pm lists his engagements for the day and has the opportunity to make a statement to the house , such as condolences to the families for uk service personnel killed or injured during their duties . 
  it 's usually only broadcast on bbc parliament and bbc radio , but if there 's anything particularly noteworthy than it will be shown on the main news bulletins . 
  it 's essentially a statement to the house , not the public , but it 's done with the full knowledge that cameras are there and that anything controversial will be in the newspapers the next day . 
  or rather , these days , in the newspapers the day before . 
  libya is also full of people who migrated to libya from other countries in africa because they want to get from libya to europe . 
  thinking everyone who travels from libya is libyan is like thinking everyone who goes through heathrow is a londoner . 
  this is good news , there are so many children whom this could benefit as they usually do much better in family environments , be they a conventional nuclear family or some other arrangement , than in institutions where staff ca n't give them the same level of individual attention . 
  [ research ] ( http://www.stonewall.org.uk/what_we_do/research_and_policy/4171.asp ) conducted by the uk lgbt rights group stonewall a few years ago found that children with gay parents tend to be happy with their family and home-life but are negatively affected by homophobia in wider society , that is something that can be solved through education . 
  it 's been more than 20 years now since jurisdictions first started legalising gay-adoption ( rhode island , us in 1993 i believe was the very first ) so there 's plenty of young adults and teens who 've grown up in these families and we have more than enough first hand experiences from them to dispel scaremongering . 
  the agreement is for irish and british citizens to travel between ireland and the uk . 
  it does not mean that the uk has the power to give permission to a random armenian to travel to ireland . 
  it 's a right conferred by citizenship , not a mere visit to one country or the other . 
  the worrying thing is that anyone is taking the poll seriously . 
  the muslim population of france is between 5 % -10 % and not all of them are sunni . 
  so to believe this you have to believe that every single muslim , even the shia and sufi ones , in france support an extreme form of militant sunni islam and that there 's also 1 in 20 ish non-muslims who support it as well . 
  this should be treated with the same amount of seriousness as those polls which tell us that 20 % of people from florida have been abducted by aliens . 
  news agency with an agenda pays a polling/market research company to get the results it wants . 
  that 's the only story here , polling agencies are n't always impartial scientific institutions , sometimes they do dirty shit for money . 
  do n't worry , at some point they 'll have another war there and the borders will get re-drawn again .
