  the bbc is critical of the uk government every single day , it 's just normal here , whereas for russian state media an anchor has to resign or risk losing their job if they want to criticise the government . 
  it really does paint a picture of how terrible yanukovych and vicarious russian rule must have been for western ukraine when you have jewish figures such as [ one of the chief rabbis ] ( http://www.jpost.com/jewish-world/jewish-news/chief-rabbi-asserts-ukrainian-jews-will-not-run-away-if-war-breaks-out-with-russia-344434 ) and a [ former israeli defence force ukranian-israeli soldier ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/israeli-militia-commander-fights-to-protect-kiev/ ) agitating with both words and actions for this new government that has ties to right wing groups . 
  is it that the extremism of these groups is overblown by russian messaging or is it that russian rule is just so unpleasant that even the jews would rather try their luck with the neo-nazis ? 
  but the russians are also heavily involved with supporting assad in syria and in trying to cover up his mass killings of civilians . 
  that 's been common knowledge for a long while now and is arguably morally worse than the ukraine situation because of the sheer scale of death and destruction caused . 
  i 'm not sure that crimea invited russia in ? 
  was n't the story that some armed group - local pro russian militia or russian special forces - stormed the parliament building - installed the leader of the most pro-russian party - who got somewhere under 10 % of the vote in the last election as the new prime minister - and then got him to ` invite ' them in ? 
  the rest of your analysis i broadly agree with , although i think a free and fair referendum in crimea may not be as overwhelmingly pro-russian as many pundits predict , the area has had a degree of autonomy , at least nominally , from both russia and ukraine for a very long time and the russian majority at around 60 % is not completely dominant , nor are all ethnic russians or russian speakers in the area going to be impressed with tanks and soldiers appearing on their soil . 
  i 'd guess at a vote for continued autonomy under russian auspices rather than those of ukraine and a lesser chance of a vote for full integration with russia - if the vote were to be free and fair . 
  in uk contexts there are scenarios where it is legally prohibited if you have a duty of care to someone . 
  so if you 're a teacher you ca n't ask one of your students aged under 18 on a date or if you 're a psychiatric counsellor you ca n't ask a vulnerable patient out whilst you 're treating them . 
  it 's hard to know what to make of these incidents . 
  do these anchors really have sudden epiphanies about the moral quagmire of working with a state controlled media ? 
  is it a staged show of dissent designed to make the russian media look more independent than it really is ? 
  is it that by having their english language services look independent they lessen the external scrutiny of their internal russian language services ? 
  or is it that the kremlin is losing control of its messaging even within loyalist circles because its economic and strategic weaknesses are showing and it no longer looks like such a safe ally ? 
  like everything to do with russian internal politics there seems to be a thousand possible answers and no clear indication about which is right . 
  i can understand why people watch russia today and listen to voice of russia even if they know it 's not neutral , the main stream western media does n't do a very thorough job of covering the kremlin 's sphere of influence , especially in the caucuses and central asia , a problem compounded of course when russia and it 's allied governments actively impedes them through restrictions on foreign journalists , so for many with family or connexions in those areas biased news from the russian state media may be preferable to no news at all . 
  update and edit : loads more context here http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/03/05/exclusive-rt-today-anchor-liz-wahl-explains-why-she-quit.html it seems this anchor was considering her position for months and this was the final straw , she is very damning of rt and describes how management leans on its us journalists to toe the party line . 
  but at the same time russia is sending out messages that it thinks it has the right to invade its neighbours with russian speaking populations and that is making its normal close allies like belarus and kazakhstan nervous so they may turn to the west for protection . 
  as a british person who is part english , part scottish , part welsh and part cornish i rudely instruct him to go and boil his head . 
  my country is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  * we will maintain the union , the union we will maintain * also , major businesses such as standard life are already talking about relocating from scotland to england if independence happens so there 's a massive risk of it back firing and drawing capital away from and not toward scotland and the north of england . 
  in order to get a protected name the producers have to prove that their product is unique in some way - so for a wine it might be the climate of the region in which it 's produced - for a cheese it might be a traditional recipe , for a meat pie it might be a secret spice mixture etc. 
  cheddar is protected , the protected name is ` west county farmhouse cheddar ' and it has to come from cows raised on grass in the english west country . 
  i 'd like to assert that the us company ` international house of pancakes ' calling today ` national ( american ) pancake day ' and pretending that they invented it , as if shrove tuesday , mardi gras etc did not exist also falls in to this category . 
  in the uk farmers are only allowed to sell raw milk products if their entire herd of cows has been tested for tuberculosis and found to be clear , if they do n't test or have an infected cow in the herd then they have to use a treatment to kill off bacteria in the milk - usually pasteurisation . 
  the infected cow ca n't be milked for human consumption but ones that may have been exposed to the risk but do n't test positive can be with the treatment . 
  related thread in which [ horrors of orange cheddar ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1uheyj/cheddar_cheese_isnt_naturally_orange_why_did/ ) were discussed . 
  yeah , germany , italy and the netherlands have also already stated that they do n't want trade sanctions - because they did n't work in 2008 when russia invaded georgia and russia can retaliate by cutting off gas and oil supplies to eastern europe . 
  but let 's make it all about british bankers . 
  europe is not going to use trade sanctions against russia at this juncture for the exact same reason that the us did not criticise the saudi government whilst it was dependent on saudi oil . 
  until we get all those alternative energy sources covering our energy needs europe needs russian gas and oil . 
  if we do n't buy it eastern europe suffers just as much as russia does . 
  and no , oil and gas is not just about the rich people who own the companies and profit from it , ordinary people need to be able to heat their homes and fill up their petrol tanks . 
  the consequences when russia have cut supplies in the past have been very bad and that 's why europe backed down every time . 
  it 's a shitty world in which russia holds the cards , but it 's the world we have . 
  sanctions have been tried in the past against russia and have never worked . 
  if we want to put real pressure on russia and not just posture than the options are supporting an internal regime change or military intervention . 
  sanctions would be a game of bluff , russia is not iran or north korea . 
  it would just result in tit-for-tat until one side backed down because neither russia nor europe could manage without the oil and gas flowing for very long at all . 
  oh and the city of london is europe 's financial capital , what cameron wants to protect it from is the impact of another potential eurozone crisis that would be triggered if economies dependent on russian trade and fuel imports suddenly retract . 
  so far , the situation in crimea has not turned very violent , yes people have been killed , but it 's not all out war . . yet ... so far the costs of sanctions are not justified by the gains that could be got from them , because like in georgia putin would still be able to entrench his position . 
  if he goes further in to ukraine then sanctions along with other actions will be back on the table , but we have nothing to gain by raising the stakes before he does . 
  there 's just too much evidence that it 's more than defenence of strategic locations , he 's had his parliament pass a law saying he can carry out military action in the whole of ukraine and to speed up annexation of russian-speaking territories . 
  if it were just about securing a few ports etc i do n't see why he 'd need to legislate internally for such permanent and large scale expansions . 
  this sounds like a lot of assumption . 
  any sources or anything to back this up ? 
  i do n't see how stoking ethnic tensions is compatible with ` keeping the peace ' ?? 
  i do and have for a long time , politics aside i went to an airshow when i was about 7 and some us airforce personnel gave me and my brothers gifts like mock-badges and magazines with photos of aircraft in so . . what can i say . . 
  i 'm easy to bribe . 
  lots of people . 
  poll tax riots , miners ' strikes etc. 
  but hey , in a world where that stuff did n't happen you 'd have a point !, 
  i am just totally baffled by russia 's actions , if they are as extreme as what the rumour mills are reporting , i 'm not familiar enough with russian or eastern european news sources to be able to know what 's reliable reporting and what 's exaggeration or propaganda . 
  but the general sense i 'm getting is russian heavy handedness justified by a perceived ` threat ' to ethnic russians - which just reminds me too much of other times european powers have expanded their territories on the basis of such justifications . 
  i feel very worried and pessimistic right now , my heart is with a ukrainian future in europe and perhaps within the eu , but my head fears that ukraine may be split asunder before that can happen . 
  what i wish for more than anything is that russia would have a peaceful revolution and get a reasonably democratic and uncorrupt government so that ukraine and the wider eastern european region would have a safe and prosperous future which ever way they decided to turn . 
  but i 'm not holding out hope for that . 
  there 's a famous british newspaper headline from the 1970s ` fog in english channel , continent cut off ' the assumption of the headline writer was that the entire continent of europe relied on being able to commute to civilised britain , or else their societies would collapse in to barbarism within a few days , but that britain herself was totally self-sufficient . 
  it 's often cited as an example of british insularity and lack of awareness or consideration of the rest of europe . 
  i 'm almost certain that both russia and the eu would rather sell ukraine up the river than risk confronting each other directly . 
  there 's a lovely anecdote told by andrew sachs ( manuel from fawlty towers ) , he 's from a mixed yiddish/jewish-german and christian-german background . 
  i ca n't remember the exact wording , but in short , he tells how he was with his christian-german grandfather one day and he relayed a joke that his yiddish grandfather had told him . 
  his christian-german grandfather said to him ` my boy , we germans may have a lot of faults but a sense of humour is n't one of them ! ', 
  ------------------------------------ personally i have met funny germans , i have yet to meet a funny austrian , maybe they exist and are all in hiding somewhere ? 
  there is an extended interview with her in [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/p01c4qg4/outlook_undercover_cop_i_became_a_hooligan/ ) episode of bbc world service outlook from last july . 
  it 's radio so i believe it should be available to isps worldwide . 
  skip to 10.30 . 
  there is an extended interview with her in [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/p01c4qg4/outlook_undercover_cop_i_became_a_hooligan/ ) episode of bbc world service outlook from last july . 
  it 's radio so i believe it should be available to isps worldwide . 
  skip to 10.30 . 
  i quite like the south african system in which every individual is allowed a certain ration of water for daily use such as washing and cooking which is subsidised by the state - but anyone who wants to use more than that - to water a garden or wash a car say - has to pay an excess charge . 
  i think water to sustain life is a right , but unlimited water is not a right because it 's not actually free economically or environmentally to provide it . 
  could you though ? 
  because you 'd need the approval of other member states and a lot of them have got independence movements in their own countries they do n't want to encourage . 
  do n't assume you can waltz in to anything . 
  well they 're stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  either they say ` we love england ' in which case why leave ? 
  or they say ` we hate england ' and come across as xenophobes . 
  it does n't help them much either that the better together campaign is packed with scots who did perfectly well in the westminster system like alistair darling . 
  the polls consistently show that scottish people support the union . 
  reddit might give you a different impression because it provides space for people to vent and those opposing the status quo tend to be more vocal . 
  as much as / r/scotland might deny it they do n't represent the majority voice . 
  it 's quite amusing in a way , like when people thought that uk voters would vote for a pr or av electoral system because there were so many pro-reddit comments on it , despite the fact that the national polls were showing the opposite . 
  the lesson being - if you want to know how the nation is going to vote on an issue ask your grandparents and your neighbours , not the friends who already agree with you about everything . 
  http://notesfromnorthbritain.wordpress.com/2014/02/16/the-snps-currency-nightmare/ read that . 
  the snp has no right to demand to join the euro or the pound , it 's up to europe and ruk if we or they want to be part of a currency union . 
  alex salmond does not get to dictate . 
  we 've already bailed out rbs once , if we have to do it again i do n't want it to be because it 's being run by some foreign government that we have no say over . 
  either you have currency union with political union or you have to accept that you may have neither . 
  the euro crisis has already shown us that the idea that you can separate them is a complete myth . 
  ca n't vote for my own city so bristol is out not voting for barcelona because for someone like me who 's allergic to sea food the food choice is n't great . . 
  i 'm voting for st davids in wales !, 
  just because it has a population of under 2000 yet gets to call itself a city because it has its own cathedral . 
  the only times i recall sweden being mentioned in school was history and linguistics lessons , specifically once when we covered the viking invasions of the uk ( when the swedes were lumped in with the vest of the vikings ) and then again briefly to mention about swedish neutrality in wwii - and then it was only mentioned because of it 's strategic location , not because of any particular interest in sweden itself . 
  the way this case has been presented in the us media is farcical , i 've had american friends tell me she 's innocent because ` why would the girl from heroes play here otherwise ? ', 
  and ` italian courts are all corrupt anyway ' i do n't know if she 's guilty of killing meredith ( i strongly suspect she either is or she tried covered up for her boyfriend immediately after the murder ) but i know the us media has done a really shitty job of covering the case and they 'd rather make it about the us versus italy than about the facts of the case . 
  http://i.imgur.com/lldyvdx.png i think this poland ball just about covers it , russia 's attitude to ukraine is just sinister and creepy , like you think you have a right to rule another country by proxy because it happens to be near you and that suits your own interests . 
  the eu may be a bit incompetent and might take decades to make a decision - but at least it 's trying to do the right thing .
