  friends observe many of the secular aspects of it for the same reason . 
  for example my best friend is muslim and i 've known her and her family for many , many years and she grew up with christmas as a non-religious holiday where you eat a big roast dinner and put up a tree and exchange presents the same as i did . 
  for them i think the closest comparison is with thanksgiving in the us , it 's a family orientated cheerful day in mid-winter which is entirely necessary when you live this far north . 
  all cultures who have these long , cold , dark winter nights observe a midwinter festival , whether it 's saturnalia , or winter solstice or yule or winterval or christmas or whatever . 
  we just need a bit of a boost at this time of year . 
  i also take part in the secular aspects of my non-christian friends ' festivals such as exchanging small gifts at eid or eating special food for diwali etc. 
  it 's not an issue or anything i have to think about , i 've just grown up in a multi-cultural environment where festivals are something you share but overt religion is a private family matter . 
  that 's double winning in the corruption olympics !, 
  well done romania !, 
  what difference does that make ? 
  it 's still a public place . 
  that is a distinction without a difference . 
  when i 'm using public transport late at night as i sometimes have to i feel reassured knowing there 's cctv in operation . 
  i also prefer to use taxi companies that have cctv in their cars . 
  i regard these as essentially public places and i do n't think that normal cctv ( which does not record sound ) compromises privacy to any worrying degree . 
  i think this is the wrong decision , passenger safety would be enhanced if cctv was installed and the privacy argument is overblown . 
  i would be concerned if they went too far , such as recording sound or putting them in the toilets - but having some in the carriages is sensible . 
  hey cheer up , you won something !, 
  i recently learned that the real historic wenceslas was only in his late teens or early twenties when he died !, 
  it 's very strange because we remember him as this jolly old king figure . 
  personally a prefer a hark !, 
  or a good old anglo-saxon ` hwat ' but there 's no accounting for taste . . 
  bbc did a poll to find the nations ' favourite carols this year and the top ten ( in alphabetical order ) were hark !, 
  the herald angels sing in the bleak midwinter it came upon a midnight clear joy to the world o come all ye faithful o come , o come emmanuel o holy night o little town of bethlehem once in royal david 's city silent night and the winner was o holy night my favourite did n't make the list , it 's ` good king wenceslas ' , it 's set at st. stephen 's day ( boxing day ) . 
  greek half of cyprus - comfortably wealthy people openly boasting about not paying their taxes and not declaring earnings and stealing benefits because ` the eu will pay for everything . ', 
  ( this was back in 2009 ) - without a hint of shame . 
  i thought it was a myth that corruption is this rampant in cyprus until i visited and found myself being told repeatedly that ` only stupid people pay tax ' and the british ex-pats were as bad as the locals . 
  so yeah , massive schadenfreude when their economy collapsed . 
  i feel sorry for the people who were already poor and have been pushed to poverty - but the middle and upper class people who lost money because they helped to bring down their own economy through greed - fuck them . 
  zero sympathy . 
  we have used charities and ngos and journalists as a cover to sneak spies in to north korea and pakistan and other such places so of course we are going to spy on charities and journalists and ngos operating in our neighbourhoods , because we know how convenient a cover those things are for sneaky activities . 
  i would just like to point to this as being a pretty good reason why spying on charities and ngos might sometimes be necessary . 
  you ca n't just take their word for where they spend their money and when governments give big donations those governments also have the right to check where their money is going . 
  where there is a legit public interest i think it 's okay to pry a bit . 
  the eastern mediterranean ? 
  that area that includes israel , jordan , syria , egypt , turkey , lebanon . . are vice saying that maybe there may be anti-terror measures in those places ? 
  and also some oil . 
  hold . 
  the . 
  front . 
  pages . 
  guys . 
  i do n't regard anyone as a fundamentalist just because of their beliefs , opinions and preferences - to me to label someone fundamentalist you have to show that they would act in a way that would involve forcing their belief system on to someone else . 
  let 's not forget the germany has been begging to be in the inner circle of this spying game for ages and anglosphere has been like ` no , this is our club . ', 
  thanks norway !, 
  and thanks russia for being you , you 're keeping a lot of spies in work !, 
  free to play online tetris http://neave.com/n-blox/ but do n't blame me if you find yourself losing whole days arranging those pesky little blocks !, 
  french sounds nasal to me and german sounds guttural , as if the speakers of these languages were constantly a little bit ill . 
  i only find german to sound non-threatening when it 's at oompa-loompa tempo ... [ ich bin snappy das kleine krokodil ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntvstjce44o ) ... is not threatening , but take away the sing-song tempo and it would be . . 
  also , in british english we will shorten words a lot more and even omit whole syllables . 
  americans will say ` lit-er-al-ly , li-bra-ry , fore-head - whereas we , especially in hurried speech will tend to say lit-ra-ly , li-bree , for-rid, 
  his mother is dutch , it is literally his mother tongue . 
  this shows a flag for northern ireland - which does not have any official national flag . 
  the red hand flag is a former provincial government flag now used for stuff like sports , it 's not a national flag . 
  the national flag for northern ireland is the same as for the rest of the u.k. 
  oh belarus , if only your political system were as pretty as your flag . 
  that 's because the republic 's constitution lays claim to the entire island of ireland , but in practice nearly everyone on both sides of the border distinguishes between the republic and the north . 
  calling macedonia the fyrom is like calling greece ` the former ottoman colony of greece . ', 
  it 's a xenophobic bullying tactic used by some greeks to deny their sovereignty and distinct history . 
  imagine if we went around telling america they had to rename ` new england ' or ` new york ' it 's pathetic . 
  i 'm sure most greek people would rather their government had better priorities . 
  wait - is n't everyone meant to choose the hard mode ? 
  i assumed the easy one was for children . 
  there is potential ambiguity between northern ireland and the republic of ireland so i think it 's fair enough that they make you specify . 
  bloody hell , took me too long to remember that poland has the white on top , / r/polandball exposure has ruined by vexillology credentials . 
  if it 's not illegal do n't call it illegal in your title . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  geneva , although people can be quite reserved and they wo n't usually approach you unsolicited , if you ask for reasonable assistance they are happy to help and do so efficiently for the sake of being hospitable rather than for ulterior motives . 
  some of the best customer service i 've experienced was in geneva and you then have to persuade them to accept a tip or a compliment . 
  also , my city of bristol is really friendly but it 's sometimes too friendly , sometimes you do n't really want the person you just met at bus queue to be your new best friend . . 
  if you want to use an alternative currency use [ bristol pounds ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bristol_pound ) you may need to come to bristol , u.k to spend them , so it 's a win-win-win situation . 
  as if you did n't already have enough reasons to visit the world 's best city !, 
  loads of local business accept them including the bus company and they have a fixed 1 to 1 exchange rate with sterling and savings deposits are backed up by the local credit union . 
  how many people lost their life savings when the icelandic banks collapsed ? 
  there is a reason we regulate this stuff . 
  i do n't get why anyone would have savings in bitcoin or use it for large purchases until it 's regulated and accountable . 
  until you have some sort of legally binding insurance in place backing it up your money is not protected . 
  and i do n't get the argument that having a smaller , more anonymous group of people control a currency is going to produce less corruption than having a national bank or government do it . 
  technical innovation does n't magically produce better moral compasses . 
  if there 's a profit to be made people will game the system and screw over the average joe . 
  anonymity and lack of accountability breeds corruption and exploitation in traditional markets , it will do the same in non-traditional markets . 
  so you do n't want to have any rights as a consumer if you use bitcoin ? 
  that 's a bit f * cking stupid . 
  [ all together now !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7mwxniod44 ), 
  i 'm still processing the obsolescence of vellum and scriptoria brought about by mass literacy , modern paper manufacturing and the printing presses . 
  this is really too much . 
  i need to lie down ... 
  the beach comment is rubbish . 
  brean down beach near me has cliffs with feral mountain goats , you 'll find all sorts of interesting creatures in cornish rock pools , other places on our coasts have seals and sea bird colonies etc. 
  we have excellent winds and waves for surfing , wind yachting and all sorts . 
  if all you want to do at a beach is sunbathe go to a resort , sorry if a bit of weather is too much for you . 
  you must be from one of those democracies where public opinion has a direct effect on national politics . 
  nothing is changing overnight in russia without a fight , when change comes it wo n't be pretty . 
  there are a lot of vested interests at work keeping russia and countries with russian influence out of the e.u and it 's not about to lay down and give up . 
  i 'm going to start making a point of buying products because russia is boycotting them and choosing non-russian products . 
  dutch cheeses , moldovan wine , ukranian vodka . 
  what else ? 
  i do and so i am . 
  for me what unites the young generation in european now from kendal to kiev is a desire to break away from the old , tired cold war east vs west mentalities and to forge new pan-european identities .
