  of course they do imam ` join our religion , we have fasting ! ', 
  priest ` join our religion , we have santa claus ' no contest . 
  our local government is rarely that organised , pretty sure it 's just the being on clay and caves thing . 
  the tallest building in my city , bristol uk , is the spire of a beautiful 15th c. [ church ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_mary_redcliffe ) which is 89 metres tall . 
  we ca n't build very heavy structures without making artificial foundations as the city is built on clay and cave networks and other not-very-substantial things . 
  i do quite love the fact that despite the march of modernity we have n't felt the need to best our medieval ancestors if 89 metres was good enough for the tudors it 's good enough for us . 
  good points made on the guardian politics podcast about this ; since the tories want to have low turn-out strike ballots declared illegitimate - in response we should consider any elected official elected with a low turn out also illegitimate . 
  how many local councillors , police commissioners , mayors etc are elected by a very slim percentage of the people they 're meant to represent ? 
  at least until the tories stop putting up hurdles to trade union representation that do n't apply to any other aspect of public life . 
  does this study take in to account the level of bilingualism in denmark as compared to the other countries included ? 
  as i understand it most danes will speak other european languages , particularly english and german , as well as danish . 
  i 'm aware that multilingualism is common across scandinavia but i 'm wondering if the levels in denmark are higher than in sweden or norway ? 
  it 's a standard feature for children raised bilingually that they will have smaller vocabularies in each language than their monolingual peers for the first few years of life . 
  simply because their brains are having to deal with a lot more cognitive processing ; remembering not just vocabulary for each language but grammar , phonetic rules etc. 
  generally bilingual kids catch up with monolingual kids by 6 or 7 years of age . 
  dual citizenship is very common in the uk . 
  people living in northern ireland often have british and irish passports . 
  there 's the legacy of empire and the immigration associated with that . 
  there 's the eu migrant workers . 
  i 've never encountered any controversy around it in mainstream society , you 'll get the occasional right wing reactionary making a fuss about ` loyalty ' , lord tebbit 's ` cricket test ' springs to mind , but i think for the vast majority so long as a person pays their fair tax share , obeys the sensible laws of the land and contributes to the country no one cares if they have citizenship of another country . 
  it 's just accepted as common sense that if you live in the uk but have family in india or jamaica or wherever having dual citizenship is just convenient . 
  anyone who would question someone 's ` loyalty ' because they do n't want to have to deal with visa issues when visiting grandma in delhi or auntie in kingston really needs to take a deep breath and calm down . 
  the use of the european robin to represent the eu is an established meme on this subreddit . 
  it originated as a pastiche of the american trope of an eagle in front of the stars and stripes , someone posted a picture of a european robin in front of the eu flag and since then we 've used it to symbolise * yurop * . 
  the robin defeating the eagle is a visual joke because robins are a lot smaller than eagles . 
  the joke would n't work if it were a bull . 
  what a load of bollocks !, 
  of course we needed to create belgium !, 
  where else were we going to put all the belgians ? 
  there are debates in the uk but they 're mainly about whether the uk was right to get involved rather than about why the war started in the first place . 
  the general consensus , from my experience having read around and studied wwi to some extent , tends to be that the rival powers in europe were headed for a major confrontation because of things like nationalist movements , competition for overseas colonies etc and that if the archduke had n't been assassinated something else would have happened at some point . 
  it was just a catalyst for a chain reaction that was waiting to happen . 
  i think most people in the uk would be able to tell you that the archduke got assassinated and that germany and austria-hungary claimed it as a pretext for war , but they would n't be able to go in to much depth about who he was or why the balkans was so unstable at that time . 
  it 's certainly not an issue that raises strong feelings outside of narrow academic circles , where blame is apportioned it 's usually to the conflicting ambitions of the great powers with the balkan countries being seen as pawns in that great game . 
  there 's reasons why there 's a graveyard of invented languages that were meant to facilitate international communication and never got beyond being the hobby craft of bored linguists with too much time on their hands . 
  * these languages are never really neutral , invariably on close inspection you 'll find that the phonemes used , the underlying sentence structure etc matches up with the native language of the inventor . 
  * languages without cultural context are a pain in the arse to teach in the classroom . 
  if i decide to learn swedish i can converse with native swedish speakers , i can pick up a swedish newspaper , i can attempt a swedish recipe . 
  the most effective way to learn a language is to practice its use and for that to be facilitated on a large scale you need a large pool of existing speakers and materials . 
  sure a dedicated individual can teach themselves esperanto , but it 's not practical to make it part of a school curriculum . 
  * they are n't competitive . 
  people gravitate to the languages that are either useful or emotionally significant . 
  an english speaking irish person might learn gaelic because that reflects their culture and german because they wish to work in germany . 
  a spanish person might learn catalan because their wife speaks catalan and english because they want to read jane austen . 
  if you expect someone to put in the effort of learning a new language telling them it 's ` neutral ' simply is n't going to cut it . 
  not when you have the german economy or the hollywood film industry or russian novels to compete with . 
  * revitalising hebrew worked in israel because of very specific historic circumstances - these do not apply to modern europe and the idea of imposing latin is a non starter . 
  we ought to have a name that reflects our unifying history , something like ... charlemagne 's revenge : this time it 's federal . 
  the costs they look at are n't just costs to the patient , but costs to the the government as well . 
  so if you pay $ 10 but your government pays $ 5000 for a procedure they count it as $ 5010 . 
  i got for dialect english ( english ) welsh australian and for native language english hungarian italian ------------ the dialects make some sense as i 'm english ( native speaker ) and i 've lived in wales . . but hungarian ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  game of thrones is very heavily based on the english wars of the roses . 
  a bavarian monarch ? 
  how novel !, 
  well i suppose that 's all very well for those who like that sort of thing and there 's no accounting for taste . 
  we prefer our german monarchs to be hanoverian , but then i suppose not every country can be as refined in their choice of imported german monarchs as we are . 
  i 'm very much of the opinion that if catalonia gets independence we should loan them gibraltar for 10 years as an independence present . 
  just to piss off the spanish nationalists . 
  king alfred , anglo-saxon king of wessex . 
  churchill called him the greatest english man who ever lived . 
  charles dickens wrote of him : `` the noble king ... in his single person , possessed all the saxon virtues . 
  whom misfortune could not subdue , whom prosperity could not spoil , whose perseverance , nothing could shake . 
  who was hopeful in defeat , and generous in success . 
  who loved justice , freedom , truth and knowledge . '', 
  he defended wessex from the vikings thereby ensuring the survival of english culture . 
  he did n't ever give up even when he was reduced to fighting a guerilla campaign with a small band of loyal followers in the west country marshes . 
  once wessex was secure he liberated other areas from viking control and began the process of creating a united england which his dynasty would rule over . 
  he was wise in victory and sought terms that would ensure peace , after the battle of edington he convinced the danish king guthrum to adopt an anglo-saxon model of kingship which involved respecting peace treaties and the border set up by the danelaw agreement . 
  he reorganised the defences of his kingdom , setting up fortress towns , building up the navy to be a significant force and funding the military through taxation . 
  he cared for the welfare and education of his people , he personally translated works from latin in to anglo-saxon so that his subjects could have access to them . 
  he created a new law code which , although cumbersome and not very practical , did have as its founding principles mercy and equality of justice . 
  if all he 'd done was to ensure the survival of wessex he 'd be a candidate for england 's greatest king , the fact that he did that and then went on to improve so much else about the society he reigned over is just remarkable . 
  he 's one of those characters in history who 's just a force for good , it did n't matter if he was on the cusp of losing his entire kingdom or if he was ruling securely - he was always principled and always stood on the side of virtue . 
  it 's a vote for an issue not a vote for a party . 
  http://wingsoverscotland.com/why-labour-doesnt-need-scotland/ this is what you 're referring to . 
  scotland has 59 mps , for comparison london has 73 . 
  despite it 's geographical size in terms of population scotland does n't pack a very big punch . 
  ( constituencies are weighted by population , with rural areas being allowed a little less than urban areas ), 
  no we do n't get taught it in school and many , many british people make mistakes . 
  you 'd be considered a bit of an idiot if you do n't know about england , scotland , wales and northern ireland ( and that ireland is a separate nation ) but lots of people do n't understand the status of the crown dependencies or the relationship between the uk and the commonwealth realms or the distinction between great britain and the united kingdom . 
  it 's very common for non-brits to just refer to the whole thing as ` england ' , some go further and just call it all ` london ' and it is infuriating , but we ca n't really blame them when we insist on having four countries in our country and calling it by multiple names . 
  it 's entirely relative , i 'm bristolian and when i go to cornwall they call me ` northern ' , whereas i know they 're fools as the north starts at south gloucestershire . 
  you have aristocratic families in the us , where wealth and power is inherited by the successive generations without them having to work for it . 
  the kennedys , the rockerfellers , the bushes ' , the tafts etc. 
  you just do n't admit to yourself that that 's what they are because you have a myth that you 're a meritocracy , despite having a lower rate of social mobility than the european monarchies . 
  other european monarchies survived wwi , it may have been the main catalyst for the speeding up of events , it can not have been the root cause . 
  there was a policy during soviet times of declaring anyone who died from their cancer as being ` cured ' ( after all they were no longer suffering from cancer ) , in order to fix the statistics and make it look like soviet medicine was so advanced that they had a very high cure rate . 
  the book ` cancer ward ' is about the horrors and absurdities of medical care in the ussr , concentrating specifically on cancer patients . 
  the focus on medicine is of course an allegory for wider society . 
  in terms of politics and history - school text books , we covered russian history from the bolshevik revolution to the cold war - although it was n't very in-depth . 
  in terms of everyday life for ordinary people - russian literature such as aleksandr solzhenitsyn 's ` gulag archipelago ' and speaking with friends and acquaintances who lived under the ussr . 
  example of this being an eastern european friend who feels overwhelmed by the choice in british supermarkets because during her childhood having one type of chocolate bar on offer was a big deal . 
  resign is an odd word to use , being a monarch is n't a job , it 's a state of being , the appropriate term is abdication . 
  it has an elected parliament which has to approve decisions taken by its other bodies so it is a democracy by any normal definition of the word ... saying it 's not is like saying the uk is n't a democracy because we do n't all vote on the workers at the ministry of defence or at the treasury . 
  all democracies work in this sort of way , an elected executive body makes decisions and an appointed legislative body carries them out . 
  those appointed legisaltors the suggest further decisions , based on what they have to deal with , which the elected body then approves , rejects or modifies and approves . 
  this is called the ` white paper ' stage of an act of parliament in the u.k , why ukip and their ilk are so confused by it in brussels i ca n't fathom . 
  this map might trick the innocent in to thinking that we english can all speak french . . the truth is more often ' i can say ` the pen of my aunt is on the table ' - yeah i 'm fluent ... ' i personally learnt german in school rather than french , i do n't recall much of it but i have managed to negotiate alcohol purchasing and sex ( the non monetary kind ) auf deutsch in recent years so i consider myself to have full competency for my needs . 
  he was born in limerick in ireland to an irish family and lives in buckinghamshire in england , how exactly is he welsh ?
