  there 's an episode of house where a roma patient is really cagey about answering any personal questions which illustrates this . 
  well the girl was pointed out to the police because of the maria story . 
  yes this . 
  there are many roma ethnicity people living in general society , as well as irish travellers and other groups , but you would n't know it because they do n't follow the life style , they live in houses , have jobs , pay taxes , like anyone else . 
  also , not every ` gypsy ' is a member of an ethnic nomadic group , there 's also people such as ` new age travellers ' who chose the life-style . 
  years ago i worked in a shop next to a roma camp and every time one of the roma kids came in we 'd get the security guard to search them on the way out , almost every time we 'd find items that had not been paid for . 
  it was like a game , there was no malice , they did n't mind being searched , we did n't mind them trying to steal , it was just ` this is my role , this is your role . ', 
  i 'd get worried about them if i did n't see them for a bit , then they 'd turn up , shoving chocolate bars up their jumpers and greeting the security guard like an old friend . 
  they are looking for the kid 's parents , how is it wrong to make an issue of what the kid looks like ? 
  is it wrong that i know that madeline mccann has blue/green eyes and dark blonde hair ? 
  plus the story needs to be contextualised , imagine the uproar if the police in greece had just taken a child without evidence , they need to explain why the police had cause to interfere with the family in the first place . 
  the point is that people noticed she probably was n't related to the people claiming to be her parents , this thing called ` genetics ' means two chinese parents ca n't suddenly produce a nigerian looking baby . . and blonde kids are favoured for begging because they get more money . 
  they are eye catching , especially somewhere where it 's unusual colouring . 
  i 'd say the main point is that the girl in the picture is not the girl that the news article is about . 
  the photo is of maria , who already been dna tested . 
  the girl in the picture is maria , the girl in greece who has already been dna tested , not the girl found in ireland . 
  yes it happens , children are stolen to make money begging . 
  the children most often targeted are not blonde and blue eyed though , but the children of other roma community members , so prejudice against the roma as an ethnicity is not conducive to protecting children . 
  we need to understand that a minority within the minority , preying most often on their own community , is behind this and act accordingly . 
  given the recent stories coming out of greece about that roma family that registered the birth of 5 kids to the same mother in 3 months . . forgive me if i do n't trust all eu countries to manage this independently . 
  if people can pay bribes to get a driving licence or a birth certificate in some countries i sure as hell am not reassured that they have a ` register ' of ` legal ' gun owners . 
  saying they need a permit is completely meaningless if we do n't have strict , clear rules on why and how people are given that permit in the first place and what the conditions of it are . 
  the alternative to unified gun laws is tighter border controls , the eu is not a group of islands , countries share borders and the benefits of open trade to the eu economy should not take a back seat to gun hobbyists . 
  one of the main reasons gun control measures fail in the us is because of open borders , having strict ones in one state is no good if people can just hop to the next state to get a weapon . 
  if a country tightens its borders to stop people leaving without being checked then yeah , they can manage their guns laws alone , but if they want free travel across borders they 're going to have to work together . 
  it 's like a communicable disease , if germany can catch switzerland 's cold then they have the right to tell switzerland to take its medicine . 
  i do n't really like the idea of such a small state within the eu , could they not be a region instead ? 
  like gibraltar is joined with the uk west country ? 
  could they join a neighbouring italian region or something ? 
  sorry but that 's bollocks . 
  i 'm not suggesting you force a child in to a mcdonalds with you !, 
  you offer them the chance of a good meal . 
  they have the option to turn it down !, 
  when i was holidaying in morocco a few years back some friends and i rounded up about a dozen of the local street kids , took them on a bus ride to the beach , brought them slices of pizza and cans of coke , played football with them and then took them back to the town after a few hours , the gratitude of those kids was amazing , it meant the world to them . 
  having someone be kind and caring for even a few hours means a lot . 
  not every kid we asked wanted to come , some preferred not to and perhaps they were too scared to take a few hours off work , but we offered them the chance and i think that was entirely right . 
  wait , so the uk , the country where our fascists are so useless that afaik the bnp and the edl do not have currently a single local councillor let alone an mp , the country that has never had a fascist government or a facist party in government . 
  the country that hosted the battle of cable street when other european countries were doing pogroms . 
  that country - that 's the one you 're going to label as fascist . 
  not the ones where actual fascists are winning actual elections . 
  and if the quality of life in ireland is so great - why are so many looking for work over here - is our fascism so attractive - is that why all the immigrants come ? 
  to see our beautiful fascism ? 
  if you 'd put ` teenage pregnancy ' or ` obesity ' i would have said ` fair enough probably true ' but i know damn well that this is not true . 
  it 's a dirty lie . 
  stuff like this is why you must never give money directly to a begging child . 
  because it is very likely any money that child makes will go to a gang who is exploiting them . 
  some will even maim and disable kidnapped children so they earn more . 
  if you encounter a begging child , buy him or her a hot meal , spend some time with them , be sympathetic , but do n't give them any money . 
  use the money to give to local charities and organisations that help kids in poverty and at risk instead . 
  oh damn this stability , damn not being caught up in communism or facism in the 20th c. damn , damn , damn the world media being amusingly obsessed with the family of our head of state . 
  damnit i 'm so oppressed !, 
  oh no wait . 
  i 'm not . 
  not at all . 
  i vote for my government like everyone else , we just happen to have fully working castles and real princesses as well . 
  does n't suck to be us at all . 
  was watching england versus montenegro this week , of course supporting england , right up to the moment the commentator mentions they have a population the same size as bristol , then as a bristolian of course for all of 30 seconds i was a montenegrin at heart , but then i remembered about her majesty and returned to my usual inglin patriotism . 
  tldr population about the size of bristol, 
  so here 's an idea - during the 17th c. cromwell was a bit of a cunt and sent irishmen to the carribean to be slaves , so why do n't we pay reparations to ireland - we 'll have a massive piss up one weekend in dublin - we 'll get the tab - everyone gets drunk - everyone 's a winner - in the british isles and ireland - which is good enough i reckon . 
  yes of course , i shut it again if it 's someone i do n't want to talk to like a salesman . 
  great living in a place with almost zero gun violence ai n't it !, 
  i do n't feel misled . 
  a comparison between the dates of the founding of the aztec civilisation and oxford uni was promised and delivered . 
  i mean if we 're bringing the olmecs in to it why not count whatever monk scribes there were in oxford before the 11th c ? 
  oh poland , i 'm not rising to the bait , too easy . 
  what 's the point of being western european if you ca n't limit the influence of eastern powers whether that be the mongols or the ottomans or the tsar or putin ? 
  it 's how we do . 
  i learned german at secondary school . 
  only foreign language i ever got on with . 
  i also tried french and spanish but nothing beats a good german compound noun !, 
  uk used to be 5 years compulsory ( 11 to 16 ) but they are now introducing foreign language teaching in primary school so that would be 7-16 . 
  not beer but let me take this opportunity to explain something about the difference between english and british wine . 
  ` english wine ' is made from grapes grown in england ( usually kent ) and is processed entirely in england . 
  english wine is english just as french wine is french . 
  ` british wine ' , on the other hand is made from grapes that can come from anywhere and often is simply wine that has been freeze-dried abroad and rehydrated here . 
  it 's usually very low quality stuff meant for the bargain-booze aisle . 
  so , if you want to try english wine be sure that you are buying ` english wine ' ( england having the only areas in the uk with a warm and dry enough climate to sustain wine vineyards . ), 
  tea is widely drunk amongst the german middle and upper classes , when a german tells you they do n't drink tea and think it 's a ` british ' thing they are just telling you their social class . 
  the traditional german swiss way of making tea involves putting a dollop of full-cream on the top to represent clouds, 
  possible that something far less dramatic happened - syrian air craft strayed a little bit on to our territory and were told nicely to f off . 
  the bbc is only mandated to give equal air time during election and referendum cycles , not every single time someone mentions an issue . 
  the is not saying the reporting does not have to balanced , it 's saying that the legal requirement to give equal air time to every major political party campaigning is n't yet in force . 
  slight difference . 
  how can the country of goulash complain about other people 's food ? 
  we have a lot more than that , bear in mind that royals often hold dual titles . . so the duke of york is still a prince ... lady louise windsor is still a princess etc. 
  i estimate there 's 7 princes and 7 princesses currently . 
  britannia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/britannia she was personified as a goddess by the romans in the 2nd century . 
  she first appeared in coins minted by hadrian around 119ad http://pinterest.com/royalmint/the-goddess-britannia-proud-symbol-of-our-nation/, 
  the time joseph of arimathea visited us http://www.glastonburyabbey.com/arimathea.php?&amp;rpn=myths and the documentary we made about it http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071853/ also , it hardly needs saying , but the glourious and prosperous reign of arthur , the once and future king of the britons . 
  it was the treaty of magna carter in 1215 that ended absolute monarchy as that bound the monarch to consult with parliament on certain issues . 
  from then on the remaining sovereignty of the monarchy was gradually chipped away , but the process was still ongoing in the victorian era and perhaps a bit after . 
  i like to think somewhere in the deepest jungle a monkey is turning to another monkey and saying ` ook , we have achieved so much , there has even been a monkey in space , ook ', 
  this phenomenon is wider than islam , think of all the british and american people that went to fight in the spanish civil war in the 1930s . 
  on an intellectual level i know myself to be european , i vote in european elections , am generally positive about the whole integration thing , am aware of our shared heritage etc. 
  but in my heart and soul i 'll confess i have the island mentality , i * feel * about 95 % british and about 5 % european , which is not to say that i dislike the rest of europe , it 's just that europeans come from over there , across the water . 
  do other island peoples have this notion ? 
  that continental folk are just * different * ? 
  exactly . 
  the reason countries are willing to spend # # # # # # # # hosting these conferences is because of the potential intelligence rewards .
