  with less than 60 people it 's the world 's least populated national jurisdiction , most , if not all , of whom are seventh-day adventists . 
  oxi is greek for ` no ' and na is greek for ` yes ' . 
  it 's a reference to the referendum . 
  i think the amount of money borrowed and the reasons for borrowing it are kind of relevant in a discussion about debts . 
  do you think in the other countries they handed big cheques to every citizen ?!, 
  a debt bail out involves paying creditors who own the debt , that 's the entire point . 
  south africa has a system where every household gets a certain amount of water for free - enough for drinking , washing and cooking . 
  but then after that you pay . 
  so if you want to fill a swimming pool or wash your car it 's not free . 
  yes water is an essential part of life and a basic human right , but only to a certain extent . 
  the infrastructure required to get it to you costs money and i see no moral reason why people should n't pay for non-essential uses . 
  especially in areas where water conservation is needed . 
  it 's probably not a good idea to encourage people to grow verdant lawns for their golf courses in the middle of a drought for instance . 
  globally . 
  who cares about how they rank globally in this context ? 
  they 're ( currently ) an eu and eurozone member and should be compared against other eu and eurozone countries . 
  so , they 're not as corrupt as a banana republic on another continent . 
  big woop . 
  i once had a cypriot tell me that we british are stupid for paying taxes because the eu will just pay for everything anyway . 
  when you hear stuff like that it 's really hard * not * to buy in to the stereotypes about northern versus southern europe . 
  greece 's black market is bigger than italy 's proportionally . 
  every eu nation has tax evasion but it 's greece takes it to another level . 
  it 's not a black and white issue though , a lot of it can be explained by lack of trust in authorities and low tax-morale . 
  people do n't trust governments to spend their money wisely so they hide it . 
  ireland , spain and portugal all implemented austerity . 
  why should greece , with its rampant tax evasion and massive black market , get special treatment that other eu economies did n't get ? 
  and why on earth should more bailout money be pumped in if they wo n't accept the need to reform ? 
  neither austerity nor stimulus will work on their own and it 's ridiculous to make the argument for stimulus over austerity when we have no guarantees about reforms . 
  it 's not magic money from the magic money tree , it 's eu tax payers ' money and it 's not fair to treat one country differently to the others . 
  greece has a bigger black market proportionally than italy . 
  let 's not pretend like this stereotype is made from whole cloth . 
  well the greek protesters have been calling germans nazis whilst demanding more bailout money so they are n't exactly acting like grown-ups . 
  same thing with the scottish referendum . 
  lots of rhetoric about whether an independent scotland would have its own currency or keep the pound or join the euro . 
  precious little discussion about how these decisions would effect the scottish economy beyond idealogical dick-waving . 
  are these laws ever enforced ? 
  from the rhetoric you 'd be forgiven for thinking the bailout conditions required all greek grandparents to sell their kidneys . 
  maybe if the greek government accepted common sense proposals like rising the retirement age to 67 by 2022 ( in line with plans already existent in france and the uk ) some headway could be made in reaching a deal . 
  i doubt she thought they were dangerous , she probably just did n't want to be paying extra for central heating if the heat was escaping in winter . 
  it 's bizarre to me that educated europeans still believe draughts are dangerous . 
  it 's like still believing you 'll catch the plague from a bad smell . 
  if a room is draughty with the doors and windows closed , it means it 's inefficiently insulated . 
  that 's all . 
  draft is the american spelling . 
  our local media ( bristol , uk ) is reporting on this because tbilisi is one of our twin-cities . 
  our lord mayor has sent her condolences regarding the flooding and loss of life . 
  you get to choose your opinions but not facts . 
  facts are either true or they are n't . 
  historical events such as the irish famine are n't a matter of opinion , they are a matter of fact . 
  two people who studied at ` the college of europe ' an eminent training school for european politicians , met there , got married there , and then both had successful careers in politics in their native countries . 
  or possibly it 's more significant than a student-romance which turned in to a long marriage , possibly it 's all part of some malicious viking plot to seize the south wales coalfields , possibly kinnock is an imposter or a turncoat ... maybe the danes are bored of the cordial relations we 've had since the napoleonic wars , maybe they 've decided to discount the fact our queens are cousins , maybe even now they are constructing fearsome lego warships with a view to land at newport and steal all our precious welsh rarebit . 
  the analysis i read explained that they used really small sample sizes which means that a death in any of the countries would vastly skew their results . 
  there 's also different ways of counting them . 
  some countries would count dying from complications of a c-section days after the birth , some would n't . 
  it matters if the statistics are unreliable . 
  i 'm highly sceptical about this , the most convincing argument i 've heard in favour is that introducing larger wild predators would help control the deer population and so protect woodlands . 
  but i do n't know how they propose to keep those predators away from people , pets and livestock . 
  i know in germany they have a compensation scheme for farmers who lose livestock to reintroduced predator populations , but they have much larger areas of forest so those predators are less likely to leave it . 
  there are genuine concerns about the money not being clean , about it being profits from organised crime or corruption . 
  the same can of course be said for much of the money that flows in to london every day . 
  foreign investment which is attracted by economic growth is indeed a good thing , but foreign investment which is attracted by a lack of regulatory scrutiny is n't . 
  you want people investing because they believe portugal is a good place to do business , not because it 's a good place to hide ill gotten gains . 
  99.9 % of angola 's wealth , not portugal 's . 
  my gosh , if foreign investment = being colonised , then the uk has been colonised by the us , by the uae , by russia , by china , by germany ... 
  mind you , i had trouble finding fruit and veg when i was staying in the german part of switzerland years ago . 
  well , that 's not entirely true . 
  there was plenty of fruit , but it was all on top of cakes and drenched in sugar . 
  it makes sense for a nationalist party to be active in scotland , what would n't make democratic sense is for a nationalist party of scotland to be dictating policies in westminster , since scotland only makes up about 10 % of the total uk population . 
  imagine if you had the prospect of a shetlands ' separatist party being king makers in holyrood . 
  to be fair though , this is going to be true of any party other than the tories or labour going in to a coalition , they are going to represent a much smaller number of people than the main opposition party . 
  i 've encountered people on the net writing in german but using english grammar . 
  for example using 's to indicate possession . 
  ` mutter 's auto ' instead of ` die auto meiner mutter ' i do n't know whether they were actually german , but i assume so . 
  it would be weird for someone to learn german vocabulary without also learning the grammar . 
  i am a native english speaker . 
  i learn german as a hobby rather than for practical purposes though . 
  truth be told it 's just getting easier and easier to get by anywhere in the world using just english . 
  one of my favourite things is talking to someone from a foreign country and them being very apologetic that their english is n't perfect , yet they have zero expectation of me that i should speak a word of their language or any other . 
  moments like that make it very plain that english has won the race to be the global lingua franca , at least for the foreseeable future . 
  ha ha suck it french , spanish , arabic , mandarin chinese ... 
  if i could learn any language i would learn somali . 
  because it is very different from english and because the way it sounds and is written is very appealing . 
  not all clay is created equal . 
  ukraine was the breadbasket of the ussr because of its agricultural output . 
  it has good access to the black sea and by extension the mediterranean and the atlantic . 
  it has a wealth of natural resources which are easier to extract there than they are in the remote parts of russia . 
  this is true , it 's not usually useful unless you need to prove competency for a language specific job like translation and then you would want to take an industry specific exam , not a gcse or a-level . 
  my school let students take language qualifications in their non-english native languages if they could pay to enter the exam . 
  but to be tested in native-fluency , not as if they were learning foreign language . 
  for example , my friend took an exam in gujarati , i think a gcse or something equivalent and it was based on the literature exams gujarati speakers would take in india . 
  i do n't recall exactly what the cost was , somewhere between # 50 and # 100 i think . 
  there may have been help available for students who could n't afford that but the issue did n't arise . 
  there was some controversy over a neighbouring school with very bad exam results across the board in other subjects letting students take exams in their native languages as if they had learnt them as foreign languages , because it made it look like the school was getting kids to a grade in language teaching , whereas in fact they had learnt them at home . 
  if a person ca n't understand the fundamental meaning of voting - that putting a tick in the box signifies choosing an elected representative - then i think they should not vote . 
  that would exclude those who can not make their own financial or medical decisions . 
  however , i think that should be the only competency test . 
  if a person understands that they are voting and what voting is , then i think they should be encouraged to do so , whatever their level of understanding of politics . 
  / u/g _ morgan was making an ironic statement , which you have been confused for being a serious one . 
  g_morgan ... be careful using this kind of humour or irony outside of british subreddits , the british habit of saying the opposite of what we mean does n't always translate well to other cultures . 
  i wonder if op has heard of people skimping on hot water , because of fuel costs and has got that confused with skimping on water because of water costs ?
