  murdoch is australian and has american citizenship , in no way is he british . 
  from my perspective doing it every day would be a bit weird , but it 's not a big deal if i need to crash at a friend 's house and end up sharing a bed with them . 
  if i 'm sharing with a guy i 'm not interested in i might set ` no funny business ' ground rules , but once that 's done it 's fine . 
  if all we 're doing is sleeping and chatting i do n't see any issue . 
  there 's loads of variation in uk gardening so i ca n't really stereotype , the main defining characteristics are individuality and eccentricity . 
  even if all the space you have is a tiny window box you 'll still find a way to decorate it with gnomes or fairy lights or to get some exotic plant that your neighbours do n't have . 
  we also have a strong tradition of allotments from ww2 rationing and so many people grow ornamental flowers and lawns at home but have land elsewhere to grow food on . 
  the climate makes a big difference as well , the further south the milder it is and the easier to grow stuff , i found when i lived up north people were more likely to value natural landscapes than cultivated gardens simply because they do n't get the same reward for the effort as you do down south . 
  most people who own their property will have some flowers or fruits and vegetables , just having a lawn or decking or paving is the low maintenance option and is usually associated with rented properties or with those who have n't the capability to garden , perhaps working very long hours or disabled . 
  gardening is a source of much discussion here because of our unpredictable weather and our traditional cultural focus on the home and the nuclear family , we have massively popular radio shows and tv shows dedicated to the subject and it 's a very popular pastime to visit the fancy gardens of the great and the good past and present . 
  five eyes was a 1940s 's world war two project which continued in to the cold war . 
  excuse us if we did n't invite the nations occupied by hitler and stalin to join in ... 
  but that would have defeated the point rather . 
  other western european nations joined in the 1950s after the whole hitler thing was done with . 
  i 've found it 's best to limit irony and satire to the british dominated subreddits , the europeans sometimes get it , the americas less so . . but usually it causes a flurry of downvotes :(, 
  usmaskis is a bit mistaken , fitz specifically means ` son of a royal male ' so it was n't used for general nobility , only for the sons of the royal princes , dukes etc. 
  the equivalent for the son of a king is fitzroy . 
  it denoted that a son was not legitimated by marriage , but was acknowledged by the king . 
  usually this would mean they would be excluded from the line of succession but would have certain privileges such as inheriting land and wealth . 
  # the general populace in britain and ireland would use formulations such as ` fitzwilliam ' the son of william , or fitzpatrick the son of patrick . 
  or they would simply take their mother 's surname . 
  not exactly , fitz specifically means ` son of a royal male ' so it was n't used for general nobility , only for the sons of princes , dukes etc. 
  the equivalent for the son of a king would be fitzroy . 
  it denoted that a son was not legitimated by marriage , but was acknowledged by the king . 
  usually this would mean they would be excluded from the line of succession but would have certain privileges such as inheriting land and wealth . 
  the general populace in britain and ireland would use formulations such as ` fitzwilliam ' the son of william , or fitzpatrick the son of patrick . 
  or they would simply take their mother 's surname . 
  why ? 
  because the attitude of the former ottoman colony of greece on this is appalling , thinking you can bully a smaller neighbour and so no argument you make is going to cut the mustard . 
  you ca n't use arguments from history to tell another nation what they 're allowed to call themselves , it 's not your decision , it 's theirs . 
  so flipping what ? 
  most english people are ethnically more celtic than angle ... 
  the french are n't particularly ethnically frankish ... and i mean c'mon , you 're national narrative includes kings being descended from zeus , how are you going to claim that other countries have to be 100 % factual ?? 
  i think the former ottoman colony of greece is petty and vindictive on this one . 
  it 's none of their business what name the macedonian people want to use . 
  the us state of georgia is able to exist alongside the nation of georgia , it 's not a problem . 
  it 's just an ego trip of the former ottoman colony of greece bullying a smaller neighbour and it makes me more sympathetic to the turks ' difficulty in getting along with them . 
  we really need a definition of terms in this thread distinguishing ethnicity , culture and life style . 
  gypsy could apply to someone who happens to be ethnic roma but does not live at all according to roma culture , it could apply to a new-age hippy who chooses to live in a caravan , it could apply to irish travellers who tour england looking for casual work . 
  just using ` gypsy ' as if anyone who happens to be a certain ethnicity is fated to live a certain life-style is not exactly enlightened . 
  wow , you 're seriously comparing deporting illegal migrants back to the country of their birth , where they 've lived for many generations , with deporting them back to a country where there ancestors came from thousands of years ago ? 
  western european authorities do n't distinguish between ethnic romanians and gypsy-ethnicity romanians when it comes to immigration law , you 're all just romanians to us . 
  it 's ironic that you 're claiming to be civilised and yet you 're not recognising the romanian gypsy population as being romanian - your language is bordering on the way the nazis described german jews . 
  never mind thousands of years of co-existence , their culture is different so they ca n't possibly be legitimate citizens . 
  you 're seriously saying that the language of shakespeare , milton , dickens , keats , woolf , tennyson , faulkner , morrison , poe , chaucher , spenser , marlowe , austen and many others is not a literary language ?!, 
  this is like saying the italians do n't know pasta or the belgians do n't know coalition politics . 
  are you on crack or something ?!, 
  i 've nothing against german literature but really , how many german writers are known outside of the german speaking world ? 
  many could name goethe and those particularly interested in literature might know thomas mann and herman hesse , but after that you 're wearing thin . 
  not the eu , but the euro . . and ... it 's more complicated than ` greece lied ' but basically yes , greek politicians and economists cooked the books to hide greek debts , particularly in state owned industries . 
  but there was also a large amount of co-conspiring from the other side , the article i 've linked below focuses on wall street 's involvement , but other eu nations were big players as well , the pressure to get the euro launched on time with enough nations involved to make it a viable pan-european currency meant that many were willing to overlook greece 's blatantly false financial reports - with the assumption that the euro would stimulate enough growth in the greek economy that it would n't matter - clearly this was a miscalculation . 
  there 's only a certain amount of blame that can be laid at greece 's feet for this as they were to a large extent aided and encouraged by others . 
  funny how people only notice ` hive minds ' when the majority opinion differs from their own ... 
  i really despise discussions like this where the sovereignty and democratic will of eastern europeans is ignored and any consideration of their fate is reduced to a tug of war between east and west , as if the people in kiev or donetsk had no minds of their own , no ambitions or fears , and they just wait around for a cia or an fsb agent to give them a handful of cash and some instructions . 
  it 's especially galling to see people who live in stable , comparatively wealthy democratic countries argue that it 's somehow ` provocative ' to acknowledge that ukrainians might want the same thing . 
  those millions who protested in maidan were cia stooges ? 
  brainwashed by nato ? 
  yeah of course ... because eastern europeans are too stupid to want a better future for themselves , someone has to be pulling their strings ... urgh . 
  if putin wants to take away the appeal of nato and eu membership he could make russia a more attractive alternative by instituting basic democratic and judicial reforms , if he wants to describe the appeal of these things as ` provocative ' instead we ought not to dignify that by treating his stance as if it were reasonable , it 's not . 
  the eu and imf have already announced an 18 billion euro rescue package for ukraine , do you think european countries have an endless supply of money ?!, 
  we only paid for the eurozone bailouts recently , we ca n't pump all of our cash in to a non eu country when there 's still massive unemployment and problems here . 
  when we 're being told our governments ca n't afford to keep our public services running properly it 's really very galling to be told that billions of euros counts as ` nothing ', 
  tutition fees really are n't that bad , you get a loan to pay them and you only pay back that loan after graduation if your salary is above a certain threshold . 
  the upside is that it means more funding so many , many more people get the choice of going to university if they want to . 
  sweden is sometimes counted as an anglosphere country because english is so widely used there so it 's not surprising that they would be competent , i 'd compare it to north wales , you might find the odd elderly person or someone living in a remote rural location who does n't have good english but they are a rarity . 
  it 's really not a problem , the vast majority of people who learn english as a foreign language will only learn very standard american or british english so if you want to have a private conversation abroad you just switch to a regional dialect or talk very quickly or use lots of slang . 
  ` pro russian separatists ' who happened to be carrying russian army weapons and who confused then local library with the town hall ... yeah ... it 's not grass roots is it ? 
  it also regularly ` breaks ' stories like ` gchq is spying on russia ' and ` bear shits in woods ' - i ca n't tell if their editorial staff live in a cave with no knowledge of the outside world or just think their readership are idiots . 
  the times and the telegraph have better , more intelligent reporting , but they suffer equally from political bias from the right and the guardian does from the left . 
  nah , the best uk newspaper is probably the star , it has soft porn and a decent easy cryptic cross word . 
  it has a very right wing editorial angle , but that 's okay as no one buys it for the words . 
  how does that work ? 
  i thought lichtenstein was the country so wealthy it employs the swiss as cheap casual labour . 
  does he steel from the rich billionaires to give to the poor millionaires ? 
  it 's so entrenched we even talk about ` finding a nine to five ' when we 're looking for a ` proper ' job . 
  ` i 'm getting too old for this unreliable bar shift work , i need to find a nine to five ' personally i prefer different hours , even if it 's just 8-4 or 10-6 because it can be a massive hassle getting through the rush hour traffic , with everyone trying to get to work or to get their kids to school at the same time !, 
  i do n't like the idea of a two hour long lunch break though !, 
  i prefer to socialise after work when it 's all done and dusted and i can relax properly . 
  oh gosh , what is it with some tech websites court says - hacking in to someone 's bank account and stealing their money is illegal , always has been and we 're prosecuting this person for it ... tech reports say - today using a computer was made illegal by the man gargghhhhh, 
  they are n't illegal in themselves , they 're just used a lot for stuff that is illegal because of convenience for the sender and receiver . 
  ------ this is all academic anyhow , i think whatever one 's views on the matter the plain fact is , as with drugs , this is just impossible to enforce and so it will happen whatever the law says . 
  the european borders are decided by the territory ruled over by the goddess europa who lives in the highest heavens , how is that not logical and straightforward ? 
  i 'd be happy to have strong trade and diplomatic agreements with canada ( as we do already , especially the uk ) but it 's not europe . 
  the goddess europa may have travelled to russia and turkey , but she never ventures to canada . 
  if we 're not a temple to the goddess europa what are we even for ? 
  this article does n't seem to give any evidence that germans want to have a closer relationship with the kremlin other than a fondness for aspects of russian culture such as tolstoy and the wilderness . 
  but every country in europe surely loves tolstoy and russian wilderness , just as every country loves czech beer or english drama or swiss landscapes . 
  it just seems to be conflating fondness for a culture and a land with acceptance or approval of a political system - and those things are not the same . 
  if there 's a big push in germany to politically align with russia it 's completely passed me by i must say . 
  well that 's a tad suspicious , would n't local people know the difference ? 
  makes me wonder where they 've come from ? 
  that 's often cited as the longest word in english , in fact it 's just the longest word that 's commonly known . 
  the longest commonly recognised word in english dictionaries is ` pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis ' - some dictionaries recongise longer words - but this is the longest that has wide recognition . 
  it was coined to get the longest word medal , a satirical take on the habit of medical science to attach long complex terms to concepts to prevent lay people knowing what they 're talking about . 
  it just means a lung disease caused by inhaling fine volcanic dust . ', 
  a special form of silicosis caused by ultra-microscopic particles of silica volcanic dust ... ', 
  the use of gendered nouns like this is decreasing in modern english . 
  it 's quite common to use neutral ` chairperson ' in place of ` chairman/chairlady ' for example . 
  there are only a few contexts where the distinction is still very common , like actor/actress dominator/dominatrix . 
  - where it makes sense that you would want to know the person 's gender .
