  russia has the ability to retaliate by cutting energy supplies , which lots of europeans rely on . 
  sure that would hurt them too - but that becomes a game of who will back down first and meanwhile people ca n't heat their homes . 
  if we can get energy independence from russia and find ways to target sanctions specifically at putin 's regime - then i would whole heartedly support them . 
  i honestly think the situation is getting too critical to rely on sanctions and that it may be that a military solution will become necessary - because sanctions take time to bite , if they bite at all and meanwhile ukraine is losing crimea . 
  i 'm worried that putin is ideologically committed to getting east ukraine and would be willing to weather economic sanctions for this cause . 
  but it 's still very shitty news for all those ukranians with family , business or social circles split either side of this new de-facto border . 
  it suggests freedom of movement is being curtailed and that people may get stuck on one side or the other as when the iron curtain fell . 
  literal mines , the type that go ` booom ' and then someone 's leg has gone :(, 
  i have quite a simplistic view on this : yes there 's some bad on both sides - but the end goal for the western ukraine side is integration with the rest of europe - and that should mean less corruption , better opportunities , more democracy and civil rights - so i 'm prepared for the west to work with some unsavoury characters to get there . 
  i do n't want to ignore or deny the presence of a far-right element , but i think the way to deal with that is to give ukrainians access to functioning , peaceful democratic processes so that they can empower those politicians and activists who will work to improve their country and they can marginalise those with other motives . 
  in the uk we have groups i am very uncomfortable with such as the british national party , but their presence does n't undermine the strength or legitimacy of our democracy . 
  the way we fight these groups is through reasoned discourse and proving to voters that their arguments are weaksauce and that is how pro-democracy ukrainians should be allowed to challenge unsavoury elements in their midsts . 
  it is my belief that western indecision and inaction in the middle east , especially in syria , crushed the ambitions of pro-democracy activists and strengthened the hand of militant extremist groups because people driven to existential fear by authoritarian , heavily militaristic oppressive governments are forced to make deals with the devil . 
  if armed men offer to protect your family from government soldiers who you fear - how much time are you going to spend interrogating them on their stance on free speech ? 
  if we want to guarantee that kiev remains on a democratic path we need to engage with those promoting democracy and to help them with moral support and material means - not sit around hand wringing with indecision because ukraine , like every other nation in the world , has some people whose politics we do n't like . 
  -------------------- as many have said it would appear that the extent of the influence and presence of right wing groups is being wildly exaggerated by russian media and government and unfortunately some western pundits and journalists are buying in to this false narrative in an effort to create ` balance ' but as with the climate change debate - when you have to accept falsehoods or distortions from one side to get that ` balance ' or ` moderate view ' you 're not really being balanced , what you 're doing is just fence sitting and supporting denial-ism . 
  how i would define ` fascism ' , based on its historic usage in the 20th c. in english . 
  fascism is happening when all the below are true . 
  * having a cult leader . 
  a leader who can not be questioned or removed through any democratic process . 
  * having a relationship between the state and capitalism in which the line between governments and businesses are blurred . 
  when government policies exist to enrich businesses which then pump more money in to that government thereby creating a cycle . 
  where there is no oversight in to government spending or the conduct of businesses . 
  * the rights of the state always trump individual rights , excepting for the elite leadership who 're allowed to ignore laws applied to the populace . 
  this includes absence of right to fair trial , right to speech , right to free and fair elections - all justified on the basis of ` protecting the nation/state ' * the creation of a social atmosphere in which opposition to , or even questioning of , authorities is utterly suppressed . 
  this includes the use of a ubiquitous military , paramilitary or police presence to instil fear . 
  --------------- there have been historical uses of the term which do n't fit this definition , for example it was used in pre-mussolini italy in a more neutral way to refer to groups organised for political activism . 
  but when modern fascism was coalesced in to a coherent political ideology by political theorists such as giovanni gentile , who ghost wrote ' a doctrine of fascism ' for mussolini these emerged as the key pillars of the ideology . 
  it is rarely a black and white term - hitler 's germany was clearly fascist , it ticked every box , but in most cases states do n't go that far . 
  there may be oppression and political and economic corruption - but it 's not so absolute as to fit the strict definition . 
  i 've almost given up on reading opinion pieces or comments in the guardian , their straight news gathering and factual reporting is still pretty good , but they do n't seem to have any requirements for their columnists to have any basic knowledge on the subjects their writing about . 
  seamus milne for example seems to wake up everyday thinking ` how can i blame washington and london for the situation that 's dominating international headlines ? ', 
  and does n't really seem to care which situation that is or what the actual facts behind it are . 
  the especially infuriating thing is that some of these columnists do n't even seem to read the news bits of the guardian , because they 'll do stuff like talk about putin as if he 's a great democratic leader despite guardian stories of him murdering journalists and locking up political opponents . 
  this sort of thing is an inevitable consequence of michael gove 's education policy , by removing the requirements for a school to have an approved curriculum and properly qualified teaching staff he 's opened the door for low standards and worse . 
  it 's reassuring that in the case of the al-medinah school in derby it was staff members and parents themselves who blew the whistle . 
  whether he gets asylum or not should not be determined on the basis of his personal politics , the only criterion should be whether he would face a fair trial and consequences if returned to the us and prosecuted there . 
  if the us can reassure the eu that a fair and balanced judicial process would be followed and that any sanctions that would be applied in the event of a guilty verdict would be legal under eu human rights law - then he should be returned to the us , if not he should get asylum until those guarantees are made . 
  the eu applies restrictons to the extradition of us citizens already - if the death penalty is a possibility , if a person is judged unfit to stand trial because of a mental disability etc. 
  so there 's already a protocol for this . 
  damn . 
  i saw allegations of this on twitter yesterday and really hoped it would turn out to be some sort of mistake or exaggeration . 
  it makes the blood run cold . 
  edit - if they are trying to identify tartars to target them in future violence or repression a way for wider anti-putinism crimeans to counter that would be to mark every single building in the same way - so that the marks are no longer distinguishing features - i 'm thinking of the legend about all danes wearing the yellow star to protect danish jews in ww2 , whilst that never actually happened - the danish jews were [ not ] ( http://www.tabletmag.com/jewish-news-and-politics/160607/denmarks-real-miracle-rescue ) made to wear the star , the central idea of standing up for a minority by standing with them , the ` we 're all spartacus ' approach to liberty , can work . 
  i think the important bit in the article is n't his announcement that he thinks the referendum would be invalid and wants to stop it , all that was a given anyway , i think this is a bit more interesting ... 
  '' . . the verkhovna rada of ukraine will initiate dissolution of the parliament of the autonomous republic of crimea . 
  we will defend the inviolability of the ukrainian territory , '' not only is he saying the newly installed crimean parliament is invalid , but that they will actively shut it down . 
  the sounds like hard talk to me , he 's laying the gauntlet down to them . 
  it could even refer to a plan for military action , given the nato reinforcements around the area and the sanctions announced by the eu and the us today . 
  my giddy aunt , that 's like a russian mein kampf for the modern age . 
  it fits with every damn piece of russian foreign policy for years , i ca n't dismiss it as ` just a book ' because the kremlin does appear to have been following these ideas to the letter . 
  also , if they think they can get rid of the uk they 're sorely mistaken , maintaining the balance of power in europe is our thing and has been since the 1600s . 
  we wo n't let any one country take over the continent militarily or politically . 
  i think the news is not the fact that he backs putin , rather the fact that he took time out of his busy schedule of gassing children and starving whole cities to tell us so . 
  whenever i see kissinger 's name i think of the monty python ode to him : henry kissinger , how i 'm missing ya and wishing you were here . 
  you 've got nicer legs than hitler and bigger tits than cher . 
  yeah i get that , but political parties can easily be tainted by association - the mainstream parties in the uk for example are pretty centrist and moderate - but on the fringes the tories have ties to the far right ; racists , ultra-nationalists , and on the left labour has ties to the far left ; communists and anarchists - so it 's hard for an outsider to know whether an extreme view is just on the fringes or if it 's shared by a big section of the party . 
  but from what i 've read etc. 
  i do get the impression that the mood in ukraine , political and public , is moderate and democratic . 
  you 're the armed wing of the british empire , you 're the brawn , we 're the brains . 
  no one tell them that the actual 'em pire ' now consists of a few islands . . 
  i think they think we still have loads of countries ... 
  russia is planning to build a bridge though . 
  there are ukrainians who live in kiev and own businesses in crimea , there are crimean students in ukrainian universities . 
  it is about the whole of ukraine , the crimeans have to know what they 're voting for if they vote for independence and that means a dialogue with ukraine about whether they 'll be able to still cross the border physically and in terms of using services . 
  think of the scottish referendum - you 've been discussing the monarchy , the nhs , the bbc , business such as rbs based in both london and edinburgh , what currency to use . 
  the rest of the u.k does n't have voting rights on the day of the referendum , but we have the right to negotiate first to lay down how a new relationship would work . 
  the actual decision should be made by crimeans , but the ukrainians have to be involved in the negotiations about how it will work . 
  what about people who live on one side and work on the other ? 
  will they be allowed to go over the border every day ? 
  what about families and businesses split either side of the border ? 
  if crimeans lose their ukranian citizenship will they also lose any pension funds or the rights to study in ukrainian universities ? 
  the process of negotiation and discussions and campaigning for the scottish independence has been given 20 whole months - because splitting one region from a country is * really * complicated , you ca n't just do it in a few weeks , even if this were totally peaceful and transparent , the speed and unilateralism is wrong . 
  the exception to this is only when there 's such wide scale human rights abuses that the status quo is unacceptable - as with south sudan leaving sudan , but crimea is not in that sort of situation , despite what russia claims . 
  the highlands and islands do , but mainland scotland is much more celtic , nordic settlement happened in the north of england and the very north of scotland , but not so much in the middle bit . 
  newcastle and york are far more nordic , in terms of history , language and genetics , than glasgow or edinburgh . 
  my late grandma grew up on a farm during the depression in england and ate boiled garden snails as a child , not for the taste , but for the protein , she never ate them as soon as they could afford to buy meat and fish so i do n't think they could be very nice at all . 
  to be fair , it 's not just lithuania that does this , it 's most of europe . 
  just keep your gypsy vampires to yourselves . 
  if it were n't for our industry there 'd have been no industrial revolution and no computing revolution and no free porn and kitten videos . 
  the acid rain was a small price to pay . 
  thank you russia felt the need to violently install a fringe pro russian take-over prime minister in crimea whose party only won 4 % of the vote at the last election - yet people are just accepting the russian claims that the new parliament and its statements are the will of the people . 
  if russia relived believed they had a secure majority they would n't be hastily speeding up the process of referendum to a virtual annexation . 
  the white house announced visa bans today so that 's a start , i expect they want to try to do it piece by piece to see what the effect is - because it might persuade , but it might also cause russia to retaliate against the us by halting trade with the us 's european allies . 
  i think they 're probably using ` russia ' to mean ` the russian customs union ' but it would be nice if they clarified that . 
  it 's understandable that the kremlin have so many conspiracy theories for why european countries are being friendly with each other and wanting to distance from them . 
  they 're like the guy sitting alone in the pub with bad body odour who thinks everyone is just intimidated by the truth of his loudly expressed political opinions . 
  [ here ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rnaqxl7uvv8/t8d3jntahpi/aaaaaaaacx4/bx2ga6mossg/s640/i-kicked-burning-terrorist-so-hard-in-balls.png ) is everything you need to know about scotland and the scottish , they are not to be fucked with . 
  the british stereotype about scottish and northern-english people is that they are usually friendly but they love to fight for fun and if you start a fight with them you will get hurt . 
  merkel grew up in east germany under kgb rule , putin worked for the east german kgb . 
  her whole youth was defined by opposition to what he stands for . 
  this is how i feel when the iranian government says that american imperialism is really controlled by a british led conspiracy . 
  so flattering !, 
  aww lithuania !, 
  internet hugs !, 
  i 'm really mystified as to the nature of the connections between lithuania & uk & ireland though - i saw some genetic population data maps recently that showed strong levels of relatedness - inter marriage or common ancestry - but did n't manage to pin down the historic back story . 
  any ideas ? 
  is it something really obvious that i should know ? 
  i was thinking maybe viking occupation across region ? 
  lol this is what we call an argument from false equivalence also known as bullshit , cnn is funded by commercials and bbc is funded by a licence fee - both have editorial independence which kremlin funded rt does not have .
