  i had an interesting debate a while ago with speakers of different languages as to whether professions need to specify gender , unsurprisingly pretty much everyone who spoke a language where it was n't usual did n't see the point , everyone who spoke a language where it 's mandatory thought it was important and the english speakers were on the fence . 
  when i was learning spanish our teacher taught us to be rude ( by our english standards ) because that 's considered normal for spanish speakers . 
  so whereas i would say ` may i speak to mr lazin please ? ', 
  we were taught to say ' i want to speak to mr lazin ' or instead of saying ` may i please have a glass of wine ' to a waiter you 'd say ' i will have a glass of wine now ' i really dislike it , it feels like i 'm being a massive bitch :( so i always use please and thank you wherever i am or whoever i 'm talking to for my own peace of mind . 
  it 's even wider than that as it does n't have to be a physical thing , it can be a technique or a strategy . 
  ` money laundering is a device used by criminals to hide their profits ' , ` metaphor is a poetic device which shakespeare used to great effect ' it also has a heraldic meaning , being a part of a coat of arms that shows allegiance . 
  device can also be intangible , like technique . 
  ` metaphor is a great poetic device ', 
  in modern informal usage ` ignorant ' is used to mean ` wilfully ignorant ' it 's also sometimes used in a very wide sense to mean ` rude , having bad manners ' as well . 
  it all depends on context , a teenager would use it to mean ` rude ' whereas an older person would use it to mean ` lacking knowledge ', 
  statutory rape is sex with someone who is under the age of consent or with someone without the mental capacity to make decisions , it rape because that person ca n't consent and so it counts as force even if physical force is not used . 
  you might need to spend less time on the feminazi and men 's rights reddits because you 're idea of anglo sexual politics seems to be crazily off base . 
  rape in english means to force someone to have vaginal or anal sexual intercourse . 
  it has a very strict legal definition . 
  i think maybe you 've been confused by people using it in stupid sensationalist ways on the internet . 
  for anything else , such as groping or forced oral sex we would use ` sexual assault . ', 
  in us contexts they use ` folksy ' as in ` he 's a folksy politician who appeals to rural voters ' but it does n't really work in british english . 
  not least because our rural areas tend to have higher average incomes than our urban areas - so the link between rural and poor is n't there . 
  this surprises me as it describes a core judeo-christian concept . 
  the idea being when you marry someone their family becomes your family . 
  a word like software you might as well just steal , after all the reason english has such a diverse vocabulary is n't because we 're any more inventive than any other language users , it 's because we 're more avaricious and if we find a word that looks like it might be useful we take it . 
  ' `` english does n't borrow from other languages . 
  english follows other languages down dark alleys , knocks them over and goes through their pockets for loose grammar . '' ' - terry pratchett . 
  i 'm sure there 's a circle of hell where people learning germanic languages have to get to grips with our modal verbs . 
  i have non fond memories of trying to remember when to use which ones in german lessons ... 
  they 're actually a lot less prescriptive in english than they use to be , there 's archaic rules , written i think by sadistic people , which say that shall and will switch around when going from the first person to the second person . 
  so i shall do this ( it 's my choice ) i will do this ( it 's something i have to do ) you shall do this ( it 's something you have to do ) you will do this ( you 've made the choice to do it ) i 've never met anyone who applies this rule , it 's really just an interesting artefact of the 18th c , craze for inventing surplus grammar rules, 
  i would distinguish ` years ' from ` summers ' because in lots of languages summer is a synonym for ` harvest ' and in a good year you might have more than one harvest . 
  this is a possible explanation for why biblical characters and characters from other ancient sources are said to live to very old ages , because they count every harvest and translators translated that as whole years , when in fact it might just be a period of a few months . 
  that makes sense , the ` awk ' bit in english awkward comes from old norse meaning roughly ` to go in the wrong direction ' i 'm curious - does it cover all the english meanings the word conveys - * lacking physical co-ordination * difficult to manage/achieve * embarrassing * social ineptitude * an uncomfortable situation, 
  serendipity was coined by horace walpole , son of our first prime minister robert walpole after the persian fairytale ' `` the three princes of serendip ' serendip being modern sri lanka , which was also called ceylon for a time . 
  it was a word in need of inventing so thanks mr walpole . 
  welsh is similar , they do have words for ` yes ' and ` no ' but their use is very limited as lots of contexts require an echo response or a formulated response . 
  interestingly over at wiktionary not a single foreign translation is supplied for the sense of ` awkward ' meaning ` lacking social skills ( at a specific occasion ) ' so it does seem to be a very anglo concept . 
  although ` pinsam ' and ` genant ' are given as swedish equivalents for the 'em barrassing ' sense . 
  in case anyone is n't familiar with ` awkward ' here 's an example of it in a sentence ... 
  i invited an old work colleague out for drinks , he thought it was a date , it was n't a date , it was super awkward . 
  ( meaning his lack of social skills in not knowing that it was n't a date caused it to be awkward . ), 
  it 's very rarely used but there 's also informal ` niebling ' which means ` nieces and nephews ', 
  whilst this guy might be just doing it for a publicity stunt i do wish more politicians would take time to learn from other countries , it 's infuriating when you hear a politician say x policy would never work when there 's examples of x policy working in other countries . 
  drug legalisation/de-criminalisation and rehabilitation of criminals and giving teachers better pay and training are good example of policy areas where some nations and regions are way ahead of others . 
  that would be too taboo in the uk to even be considered . 
  the only way we 'd countenance soldiers doing civilian policing is if there was a total breakdown of society and martial law had to be enforced . 
  the only time the army has been used in this way in england since the formation of the police in the 19th c. was during a police strike in 1918 . 
  the army did often play a policing role in northern ireland during the troubles , but that was a civil war situation and it 's not an example the rest of the country wants to follow . 
  the tallest building in my city ( bristol , uk ) is a medieval church , st mary redcliffe which has a 292 ft ( 89 m ) spire . 
  we 're on clay so anything bigger would need deep artificial foundations constructed for it . 
  because of this we do n't get high rise buildings , so the city expands ever outwards as it ca n't expand upwards much . 
  there was an episode of ` friday night armistice ' a 90s uk satire where they had a go at the tory party by having an innocent little girl try to apply for party membership and being turned down ( for being too young obviously ) and then they had ` darth vader ' apply , calling himself ` the most evil man in the universe ' and he was accepted . 
  please tell your columnists and pundits not to talk and write about eastern europe as if it 's a toy to be used in a tug of war between russia and the us . 
  i do n't know if you realise how it sounds when everything is framed with ` what does this mean for us russia relations ? ', 
  as if eastern europeans were just pawns on a chess board with no rights to self determination or democracy , so let me tell you it sounds awful , really , really awful . 
  that study compared local government areas , so it did n't compare manchester to the whole of london , but rather just to individual london boroughs . 
  if you combine all the london boroughs they easily beat manchester together . 
  mancester has about 150 and london has about 300 , twice as many . 
  http://www.babylondon.co.uk/articles/parenting/family-life/item/389-london-is-the-most-linguistically-diverse-city-in-the-world http://londonist.com/2005/01/most_diverse_ci.php, 
  let me google that for you . 
  http://www.babylondon.co.uk/articles/parenting/family-life/item/389-london-is-the-most-linguistically-diverse-city-in-the-world http://londonist.com/2005/01/most_diverse_ci.php, 
  imagine if the u.k claimed everywhere with native english speakers or people of british descent ... 
  imagine if france , portugal or spain did that ?!, 
  where would it end ? 
  what if the armenian origins theory of the indo-european urheimat is proven to be correct and all of us speakers of indo-european languages must be protected from the afro-asiatic language family speakers under the rule of mighty armenia . . ... that is the logical conclusion of all this . 
  london is the city with the most languages spoken and most countries and regions of origin of residents not only in europe but in the world . 
  other cities have higher immigrant populations proportionally , but london has the most varied population . 
  partially because of the legacy of empire ; people all over the world have a connection to the u.k and london is often their first port of call when they come to settle here . 
  i recently found out that it 's currently hugely popular in turkey . 
  which is neat . 
  i do n't think many people wanted the first or second world wars but sometimes you do n't get to choose , sometimes circumstances write the fates of nations . 
  recent weeks i 've wished i had some religious faith so i could pray for peace , because i see a possible really , really horrible war looming and i do n't want any war , but i know if it comes we have to be ready to make sure the side that wins is n't going to doom europe . 
  democracy is worth protecting . 
  there 's quite a history of the us thinking it 's only going to send weapons and money at the start of european wars and then you end up sending troops and getting very much involved . 
  the isolationist thing has a time limit , if this does n't de-escalate i fully expect the us tune to become much more pro-interventionist . 
  i like to think my county is honourable and in a case of an aggressive , horribly one sided war we would be prepared to intervene on the side of the wronged party ( ukraine ) so long as intervention could make things better . 
  i have absolutely no moral qualms about it . 
  if we can help we should intervene , if we ca n't make a positive impact militarily we should look for other ways to help . 
  ukraine is n't just a foreign country to me , it 's part of the european family , so i would expect the uk to help them and if we ever need help in future i would expect them to be prepared to help us . 
  i was speaking to some people who claimed to be ordinary ukrainians living in western ukraine on twitter a few days ago ( obviously i just had to take their word for their identities and what they said , but they seemed genuine ) who were saying that families in western ukraine are already taking fleeing tartars in to their houses and accommodating them because the situation in the east is so tense . 
  if crimean tartars are threatened i would expect turkey 's internal political calculations to change because a big section of turkish society would be sympathetic to them . 
  i would guess longer than that , i 'm not sure how it fits in to the narrative of the trojan wars but it 's bound to somehow . 
  a lot of developing ukraine wo n't be about raw money or resources , it will be about getting rid of corrupt officials and practices so that ukrainians themselves can build up their economy effectively . 
  i 'm okay with it in existential defensive wars where defeat would mean loss of sovereignty , but definitely not for any expansionist or interventionist wars . 
  i think defence of your country is one of those things like paying taxes that 's obligatory if you 're capable of it to be a full citizen . 
  only real defence though , hitler/napoleon knocking on the door type thing , not ` protection of interests . ', 
  if you 're at the stage where the leaders of the country are in danger of being killed and are sending their own sons and daughters to fight , that 's when not fighting is no longer a tenable moral stance . 
  i think people who 're pacifists for religious or other genuine reasons should have the right to contribute in some other way , such as working in industry or farming , but no one who shirks their responsibilities to their country should be considered a true citizen . 
  you never owe it to anyone to take part in an offensive war , but a defensive war is a test of character and it 's a simple matter of honour to protect your motherland . 
  lol that 's the only defence pro-putin people on reddit can come up with ` yeah he broke the law but so did x ' it 's pathetic , you sound like a toddler that 's been caught smearing shit on the walls crying ` but mom , billy did it too ! ', 
  the ocse monitors came under attack trying to get in and pulled out , it 's hard to monitor when people are shooting at you . 
  they were invited back in very soon before the vote , no time to do their work as half of it is about monitoring the set up of the vote and the campaigning and they were nervous about their safety . 
  the ` invitation ' was a farce , they waited until they knew the ocse could n't do their job and then gave a token , meaningless invitation . 
  i 'm pretty confident in arguing that the crimea referendum was rendered invalid because of the way it was conducted . 
  crimea has the right to self-determination and that means a free and fair vote . 
  the vote was not free and fair and was therefore not legitimate . 
  if i had to go to a polling station in an election or referenda in my country and there were foreign soldiers on my streets during and people claimed it was ` legitimate ' i would be pissed off . 
  if people are going to argue that this is okay because ten year old polls show russian speakers in the majority we may as well do away with expensive democracy and free press all together and just assign people governments based on some metric like language or skin colour . 
  oh for goodness sake , international law allows for unilateral successions when gross human rights violations have been committed by the state and where the un general assembly agrees by a majority vote to support . 
  kosovo and south sudan - legal . 
  crimea - not legal . 
  i wonder how many times a day i 'll have to explain this to people ? 
  how the giddy fuck can you talk about it not being rigged when they were n't even given the option of voting to keep the status quo .
