  no , the creator of the map posted this in / r/mapporn and wrote a long explanation of why he 'd chosen historical religious affiliation of regions over current status quo . 
  the op just submitted the map without the explanation as to how it was compiled and what it means . 
  this is a repost from / r/mapporn and the creator said perfectly clearly over there that it 's he 's using official/traditional religious affiliation of regions . 
  the point of the map is to show that there is n't good correlation between language areas and areas dominated historically by a particular religion . 
  it 's showing how independent those variables are . 
  it 's to dispel the ` northern protestant ' ` southern catholic ' ` eastern othhodox ' idea and to show that the reality is more complex . 
  spain is very mountainous with large semi-arid regions , so much of the land is unsuitable for large scale settlement or farming . 
  so there 's not been much reason to cut down the trees . 
  lax gun laws and guns do n't just fall from the sky , it 's perfectly fair to compare us and uk gun related fatalities , because the us and the uk have made different choices and those choices have consequences . 
  oh yeah , because france 's imperial history is covered in glory ? 
  people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  not just tax havens !, 
  penguins and orchids and post offices and union jacks on flags as well . 
  no , they are usually subject to immigration controls and they have to go through a registration process to become a british citizen , rather than a british overseas territories citizen . 
  there are a few exceptions to that rule though . 
  yeah , i am partial to cheddar valley but i doubt if anyone in eastern europe would have a hope of finding it . 
  my friend found thatchers ' gold being sold in australia this week so it really is going international . 
  germany also has a passable ` apple wine ' tradition . 
  rekorderlig and kopparberg are good alcopops , whereas strongbow is naff cider . 
  to use a crude analogy i 'd rather have a good hamburger than a terrible steak . 
  even if it were true , it 's not unreasonable for a debt-bail out to pay creditors who own the debt . 
  people who work in agriculture work longer hours but produce less , in terms of monetary value , than people who work in industry . 
  hours worked is not a measure of productivity or efficiency . 
  this is n't a matter of lazy versus hard-working , it 's just a fact that some economies allow people to produce and earn more in a day than others do . 
  they are more than welcome to pay off greece 's debts if they want to . 
  and to be honest microwave pasta is n't terrible either , but i would never say that in front of any of my italian friends . . 
  magners is better than the likes of strongbow and blackthorn , but it 's still a bit bland for my tastes . 
  i do n't think anywhere else really does cider to west country standards . 
  thatchers gold , thatchers katy , westons stowford press or westons old rosie . 
  those are really good and are n't too niche , so you should be able to buy them online or at specialist retailers . 
  i have a sweet tooth so i sometimes add a teeny bit of lemonade to more bitter ones . 
  bristolian here . 
  reading this thread i 'm realising what italians must feel when they see supermarket shelves full of frozen pizzas and microwave pasta . 
  as someone from the spiritual home of proper cider , the west country , let me tell you that strongbow , blackthorn , carling , bulmers , stella atois and mangers are all terribly inferior products . 
  they are made for the mass market and are quite bland in comparison to the real thing . 
  they will do at a pinch if you ca n't get anything else , but they are pale imitations of proper zider . 
  it is customary to add some blackcurrant juice to them to hide their taste as they taste of disappointment to a true zider drinker . 
  the swedes do a really good alcopoppy mixed fruit cider though , such as kopparberg . 
  they are very sugary and brightly coloured which really helps the alcohol go down . 
  they 're nothing like proper zider , but they 're a nice drink in themselves and are not pretending to be anything they 're not . 
  they are to zider what abba was to rock 'n' roll . 
  my personal recommendations if you can get them are thatchers , especially thatchers gold and thatchers katy and westons , especially westons old rosie and stowford press . 
  these are the best ones that are likely to export abroad . 
  we have hundreds of ciders here ( i 've even been involved in making some in our urban orchards ) but most have very limited runs and are n't sold outside somerset and surrounding areas . 
  [ obligatory polandball ] ( http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/4703510/the+sun+never+sets ), 
  the uk currently has fourteen overseas territories . 
  queen elizabeth ii is queen of all of them , she 's also queen of new zealand 's and australia 's overseas territories . 
  canada does n't currently have any overseas territories . 
  although there has been talk recently of them wooing the turks and caicos islands with flowers and chocolate liquors . 
  our fourteen territories are : 1 . 
  the sovereign base areas of akrotiri and dhekelia , these are bits of cyprus retained after cypriot independence was granted for keeping military basis on . 
  not all cypriots are 100 % happy about this fact . 
  anguilla , which is one of those caribbean tax havens that bond villains hide their ill gotten gains in . 
  their largest export is booze and they make rum , so it 's a big holiday destination for pirates ( the 17th c. kind ) . 
  the british indian ocean territory , encompassing over 1000 islands . 
  these islands were settled largely by slaves brought over from africa in the 18th c . in the 20th c. lots of their descendants were expelled to make way for a us military base , which was a bad thing . 
  but there 's now a big marine conservation area there which is a good thing . 
  gibraltar , which is twinned with ballymena in northern ireland and which won the european cricket championship division two in 2000 and 2002 . 
  we have occasional sovereignty disputes with spain over this ` rock ' which gives us the warm fuzzies as arguing with our european neighbours was a national pastime for most of our history . 
  bermuda , properly called ` the bermudas or somers isles ' which is pleasingly game of thronesy . 
  their only indigenous mammals are bats . 
  lots of irish people were forcibly expelled to bermuda under cromwell and their influence can still be seen in family names , place names and the local dialects . 
  the falkland islands , whose inhabitants are known as ` kelpers ' . 
  there are approximately 16 sheep for every human resident . 
  they are an important breeding ground for albatrosses and they have penguins . 
  argentina wants them but ca n't have them because we said no . 
  south georgia and the south sandwich islands , which have no permanent settled population , although scientists studying the antarctic live at scientific bases there when it 's hospitable enough . 
  argentina also thinks these islands belong to them . 
  which is ridiculous as there 's clearly a union jack on the flag . 
  there 's also a macaroni penguin , a fur seal , a reindeer and a lion on the flag . 
  kudos to whosoever designed that . 
  british antarctic territory , which includes areas also claimed by argentina ( them again ! ), 
  and chile . 
  we probably should n't claim any of the antarctic as it ought to be preserved for mother nature and her penguins and there 's certain treaties we signed , but hey other countries were claiming bits of it and we sort of had this whole annexing land addiction thing , so it was like when you 're trying not to drink and your buddies are all drinking and you just sort of find yourself having a few whiskeys and claiming large swathes of far away continents . 
  it 's the largest british overseas territory geographically . 
  it has the world 's most southerly post office and its own postage stamps . 
  st helena and its dependencies ; ascension and tristan da cunha . 
  this territory spans a huge area of the south atlantic ocean with over 2000 miles between it 's most northerly and most southerly points . 
  tristan da cuhna is the remotest inhabited archipelago in the world , their nearest neighbours are from st helana , over 1,200 miles away . 
  ( incidentally a distant relative of mine grew up in st helena and she finds sleepy english villages overwhelmingly busy and crowded , because seeing someone she does n't know intimately is a big deal to her . ), 
  their main settlement is called ` edinburgh of the seven seas ' although it is usually referred to simply as ` the village ' or ` the settlement . ', 
  they have one road and a bus service with one mini bus . 
  montserrat , another caribbean nation with irish influence due to cromwell and his less savoury character traits . 
  for this reason it 's known as ` the emerald isle of the caribbean ' . 
  olaudah equiano , the author of one of the best known first person slave-narratives , was enslaved here for a while . 
  the name was coined by columbus and is a homage to the montserrat monastery in catalonia . 
  due to volcanic activity and the destruction it has caused in recent years montserratians have the right to reside in the uk if they chose and they are the second largest overseas territory population in the uk , after gibraltarians . 
  the british virgin islands . 
  also a tax haven . 
  the names of their islands include ` beef island ' and ` cockroach island ' and ` mosquito island ' which suggests at that point british cartographers were running out of ideas and were just picking words at random from the dictionary . 
  the cayman islands . 
  yet another tax haven , because super villains need choices in their financial affairs and secret lair locations . 
  they have parrots and orchids and turtles . 
  they also have their own currency . 
  turks and caicos islands , which as aforementioned have been flirting lots with canada . 
  ` ripsaw ' or ` rake 'n' scrape ' music , featuring the use of handsaws as music instruments , originated here . 
  it has influenced and has been influenced by nearby musical traditions such as jamaican reggae and bahamian calypso . 
  although commonly considered part of the caribbean turks and caicos is actually situated in the atlantic ocean . 
  the pitcairn group of islands , more commonly just called ` the pitcairn islands ' these are inhabited by the descendants of the bounty mutineers and their tahitian and polynesian companions . 
  they lived in isolation for many years and combined british and polynesian cultures to survive in these remote conditions until they were rediscovered and contact with the outside world resumed .
