  the cameras are not hidden , they are big and yellow and very obvious because they are designed to be a deterrent to crime . 
  i do n't get this notion that we can have cameras in our own homes and business for security but that it 's somehow wrong to do that in the public sphere at community level . 
  there is such a thing as society . 
  do n't let it stress you too much . 
  the relationship between the british and irish states at government level are the best they have been for many years . 
  your taoiseach is about to make a state visit to london to reciprocate the one her majesty made to dublin a while back . 
  there is a big irish community in the u.k and i think most british people know that the reactionary nationalists do not represent the majority . 
  i want a full enquiry on these revelations and for the truth to come out , hopefully with prosecutions of guilty parties following because i do not want the authorities here to ever get away with anything so heinous as extra-judicial killings . 
  brushing things under the carpet will never help with mending our relationship in the long term . 
  at the end of the day unless we have a bond based on mutual respect and honesty it will not be built to last . 
  and i have met irish people who did n't believe me when i told them we often had to evacuate our school and local shops in the late 80s and early 90s because they received ira bomb threats . 
  luckily there was only one minor bombing i can recall ( a co-op shop ) and no one was seriously injured . 
  people always know more about their local area and their own country than they do about elsewhere . 
  all your upvotes must be coming from non-brits who do n't watch bbc programs because the bbc have been reporting on this stuff for years and this is a flat out lie . 
  i also note you do n't bother to distinguish ` the bbc ' from ` the government ' during the 70s and 80s the bbc was often threatened with the cancellation of its broadcast licence unless it kowtowed to the government and their rules on reporting on the troubles . 
  there were strikes by bbc staff protesting this and the bbc often found ways around it by sneaking stuff in to non-news programming etc. 
  we should deny the right of gibraltarians to decide their own future and give their sovereignty to spain against their wishes ? 
  in 2002 a referendum gave a result of 98.49 % in favour of remaining with the uk . 
  that 's not just british settlers , that 's the vast majority of the spanish inhabitants and residents . 
  spain signed the treaty of utrecht which gave us gibraltar in perpetuity . 
  that means for ever . 
  there is no good legal or practical reason to over turn that . 
  the rock has been british for about as long as it was spanish , it belonged to the moorish caliphate before that . 
  british territories are held on the basis of self determination of peoples . 
  so long as those living on gibraltar and the falkland islands want to be british they shall remain so . 
  and pray tell me , when nearly every single person living on gibraltar wants to be british , how in the name of all that is holy is giving their island to spain meant to end tensions ? 
  do you think they would not kick up a fuss ? 
  as far as i can tell most ordinary spanish people do n't care about this issue and recognise that it 's something nationalistic governments use to drum up jingoism when they are desperate . 
  it only gets raised when the spanish government wants to distract people from stuff like austerity cuts . 
  why do you suppose so many ordinary spanish people choose to live and work in gibraltar ? 
  do you think they would do that if they had problems with it being british ? 
  the commission is changing thanks to lisbon so only 2/3rds of member states will appoint commissioners at a time . 
  stuff like this is why it 's impossible to explain the eu to a non-european . 
  if you or i wrote out a comprehensive answer the facts would have changed by the time we 'd finished !, 
  oh gracious , how to even start ?!, 
  in 1946 winston churchill called for ' a united states of europe ' the eu is not that , but it is a half-way house , a sort of dysfunctional family of europe . 
  it started off as the european coal and steel community , a body to prevent germany and france going to war over the rheinland as they were wont to do , but it 's grown and evolved hugely since then . 
  discussing its exact scope is a bit tricky since certain institutions , such as the european central bank , stand with one foot in and one foot out . 
  there 's this out-dated but still handy guide from the bbc which gives a basic run downs on the functions of the [ various bodies ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/spl/hi/europe/04/eu_institutions/html/ntroduction.stm ) but as i say it 's already out of date , we currently have 28 member states , not 27 and the treaty of lisbon which is being implemented will alter the existing structures some what . 
  for example instead of having 1 commissioner per member state we will have 2/3rds of states with commissioners at a time . 
  it 's nearly impossible to explain the eu and its associated bodies succinctly since it is very unique , very complex and in a seemingly constant state of flux . 
  this diagram shows the [ basic structure ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ac/political_system_of_the_european_union.svg/721px-political_system_of_the_european_union.svg.png ) of how the key institutions work together . 
  it is neither a confederation nor a federation , but a mixture of both , with member states being subject to differing levels of eu laws and regulations depending on whether they use the common euro currency are in the schengen free travel area etc. 
  major changes are made through treaties , as would be used when negotiating with foreign countries , but once these treaties are ratified they act as quasi-constitutional law in governing how the eu operates . 
  however , eu has very limited scope to enforce its rules and relies heavily on the voluntary good will and co-operation of member states . 
  there is more depth info on these pages , i would start with the [ history ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/eu-history/1945-1959/index_en.htm ), 
  yes , because iran is going to build high voltage power lines stretching to france 's nuclear power export markets in western europe ? 
  edf already has major deals with chinese power companies . 
  it 's not feasible for iran to become involved in france 's nuclear energy export market and france is not protectionist about that market anyway . 
  urgh no !, 
  we play spies with the yanks and the israelis . 
  it 's our thing . 
  we do eurovision with the germans . 
  it 's like your boyfriend wanting to tag along on a girls ' night out . 
  i have scrambled to the top of this rock it was a good rock for scrambling on , highly recommended . 
  so the theory that clovis culture travelled from europe to the americas is a bit more plausible now ? 
  that 's not how it works , it 's not one way . 
  nsa and gchq collect the raw data , but they give it in a digestible form to the national agencies . 
  the access to dutch or german or spanish data is n't free , it 's the trade off for the expense of collecting and processing it . 
  it 's not that the us and uk are spying on you , it 's that your government has outsourced part of the process of spying on you to the us and uk and as payment gchq and the nsa get access to the data . 
  anway , yes , de telegraaf had an article on aivd using prism data on dutch citizens in june . 
  yes it 's routine , the nsa and gchq collect the raw data , the us has the resources , the uk has the expertise and convenient geographical location and then they distribute it to the relevant national agencies to work through . 
  the fact that snowden apparently thought eu governments would be surprised at large scale spying suggests he 's not the expert on this issue he presents himself as . 
  not only did the eu governments know about it , they have been using it as a primary resource for years . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1p9wz6/prague_train_station_in_early_foggy_morning/cd09s2m the thread that birthed it . 
  well done to me for the idea * inflates own ego with ego inflation pump * and to / u/aschebescher for doing all the hard work of actually making and moderating the thing !, 
  come and post your best snaps or just stunning images taken from other sites !, 
  hooozah !, 
  no , not in bristol uk , but during wwii church bells were silenced throughout the uk , only to be rung to warn of a german land invasion . 
  i guess we could use the church bells method again for any other major incident . . they certainly sound nicer than a siren !, 
  a specific tune like the dangerzone song from top gun could be used to distinguish from weddings and other services . 
  tony blair never owned a mobile phone while in office , obama does n't have a smart-phone one has to ask , even if she trusted the uk and the us not to spy on her ( bless that 's quite sweet ) what about the russians and the chinese ? 
  at what point do we start asking what advice she was receiving from her own people , why were n't they making her aware of basic security precautions ? 
  even before any of the nsa and gchq stuff leaked it was common practice for british diplomats to not use their own phone numbers or email addresses when abroad but to set up temporary ones - and to keep personal and work stuff ring fenced - this is cold war stuff - it 's none of it new . 
  even if you eliminate the risks of spying from other governments there 's still journalists out for an easy-story ( think hackgate ) people wanting secret info for blackmail and influence , people wanting info for crime or terrorism etc etc the woman must have had access to top level german and eu secrets - why was she using an unsecured phone or email account ? 
  if it 's like the uk system - in the event of a normal election the tradition is to appoint as pm the leader of the largest party ( or whomever they nominate ) but in the event of a hung parliament the monarch is meant to appoint the leader of which every party they believe is most likely to be able to form a ruling coalition majority - even if that means its not the party with the most votes/seats - this of course happens after all the negotiations in back-rooms have already been done . 
  so , on the farm ... 
  the sheep party has won 55 seats and the cow party has 45 seats but the chicken party with 20 votes wo n't buddy up with the sheep party , they want to join the cow party . . 
  so the farmer appoints one of his cows as prime farm animal - because although he ca n't command a majority or a largest share as leader of his party - he can do as leader of his coalition . 
  theoretically in the last elections the uk labour party could have formed such a coalition with parties such as the greens and the snp as well as the lib dems , but for various reasons - including acknowledgement that the uk general public is used to a first past the post winner takes all system - and a fear of giving small parties too much influence in westminster they abandoned coalition talks . 
  i wonder what the reaction would have been here if a the ` winning ' party at an election did n't ` win ' the pm 's seat , i expect it would n't go down too well ... 
  i got denmark but certain questions i did n't know how to answer . 
  do i trust the government ? 
  well on the one hand i do n't trust the current uk tory-lib-dem government much , but on the other hand i have a basic faith in the institution of parliament and the courts to limit opportunities for corruption and is the state separate from the government here - because i trust her majesty with all my heart on account of her being descended from alfred the great who was descended from king arthur ... 
  so i dunno ... 
  do we have any r/europics type subreddit to partner this subreddit in the style of r/britpics and if not someone please make it ( not me , i am too prone to mood swings to moderate subs ), 
  i take al-ashabab 's sudden interest in international ` jihad ' and playing second fiddle to al-queda to be an indication of how much they are on the back foot in somalia and the wider east africa region . 
  they are having to try to recruit nutters for random attacks in the west to remain relevant . 
  on the maps it looks like they still control large regions - but really they are controlling the poor rural areas - and the major cities , ports , supply roads - areas like kismayo and mogadishu - are in african union and the somali civilian government hands . 
  the big , good news story that 's being overlooked is the fragile but very promising recovery of the somali state and economy . 
  ah , would this be that infamous poll conducted by the daily mail where they went to one of the most notorious mosques in london , interviewed a dozen or so beardy men and then presented it as representative of the general muslim population ? 
  because the people here tend to take an interest in pan-european issues , rather than just national issues . 
  you will see plenty of posts that are critical of the eu government and eu bodies on here if you visit frequently . 
  but the bulk of subscribers here have more interest in the nuts and bolts than the general population does . 
  do they really need to spy on the electronic communications of italians ? 
  surely they could just use their satellites to watch them gesturing from space . . 
  winchester will rise again i would vote for the wessex regionalist party , but they 're mad as a box of frogs . 
  actually ... http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/this-britain/academics-suggest-irish-travellers-are-remnant-of-preceltic-culture-6149659.html they may well have some input from the pre-celtic population of ireland , so in that way they are more irish than the irish . 
  there are theories , based on disputed genetic and linguistic evidence , that the irish traveller community is descended from the pre-celtic peoples of ireland . 
  this is complex to untangle as during periods of unrest in ireland people cleared from their land would end up joining existing travelling communities so many families are thought to have only been members for centuries , rather than millennia .
