  given that our only physical land neighbour is ireland i 'd choose them , but it might be a bit of an awkward shot-gun wedding so if they ditch us at the altar i 'll go for lovely portugal instead . 
  i am quite keen on giving gibraltar on loan for a few years to catalonia as an independence present when/if they get independence . 
  i would n't want a child fostered by a couple that did n't recognise the child 's legal right to even be in the country . 
  it seems like these people were voting ukip without having the slightest idea what ukip actually stands for !, 
  at a point you do have to look in to the parents beliefs , it 's not okay to give foster children to parents who 'll discriminate against them . 
  this may not have been the case here but it 's not wrong of the council to have been concerned . 
  :( if you 're implying that the christian messiah and the germanic pagan gods are n't super best friends that hang out together in the sky to look after the germanic christians then i suggest you take your lies elsewhere !, 
  the ridiculousness of this . 
  shopping centres all over the muslim world have christmas trees at christmas . 
  no non fanatical muslim is offended by a decorated tree and anyone who would be offended by a tree would n't be un-offended by this , which is basically a big tree sized model of a tree !, 
  another case of a `` muslims are destroying our way of life ! '', 
  headline which amounts to nothing when you get past the first sensationalist sentence . 
  eh , his intransigence in refusing to accept any modifications to his pet generative grammar theory and the cult like status he cultivated for himself arguably held back the field of cognitive linguistics for years . 
  he made it about his personal status rather than accepting challenges on their scientific merit . 
  he 's considerably less popular in the field than is portrayed on his book blurbs . 
  he has many fans , but also many , many people who blame him for much ill . his linguistics is a lot like his politics - it does n't change when the evidence changes . 
  it 's been a long time since 1977 , what has chomsky said on the subject since ? 
  has he publicly regretted his error ? 
  in regards to music ... 
  the uk , the us and sweden are the only countries in the world who are net exporters of music . 
  this does n't just include tracks made in those countries , but also things like song-writing credits and production services . 
  i am of the view that forced conscription is sufficient grounds for an asylum claim . 
  the wording of the current asylum laws may not cover it , but they should . 
  universal human rights should include the right not to kill , which would cover those fleeing from isis to avoid recruitment . 
  stay and fight with what exactly ? 
  the international community has consistently refused to provide arms to groups inside syria fighting isis . 
  are they meant to fight against guns with sticks and stones ? 
  are they meant to remain in the home towns and risk forced conscription to the terrorist groups who are attacking their communities ? 
  unless you 've ever been faced with the prospect of risking execution because you refuse to join a terrorist group i suggest you keep your bigoted opinions to yourself . 
  gosh , this is why i hate the far left . 
  you claim to care about morals when it comes to criticising western governments , but when it comes to genocidal dictators abroad they get a free pass . 
  if you believe in the geneva convention you should apply it to every government , not picking and choosing on the basis of some bullshit cold war hangover . 
  there may be pragmatic reasons for russia to work with assad to fight isil , but there 's no justification for you , from the comfort of your reddit account , to pretend that he 's anything other than a genocidal dictator . 
  it 's stalin 's useful idiots all over again . 
  oh they were foreseen , the ` no ' campaign spelled them out very clearly , that nats just were n't willing to listen because they called it ` scaremongering ' and ` negativity . ', 
  there 's a difference between predicting the future value of a volatile commodity and basing macro-economic policies on that prediction being correct . 
  if the nats had won and kept scotland in sterling , then that would have made scotland much more vulnerable to fluctuations in the oil price . 
  do n't be such a fusspot !, 
  it 's a funny story and would probably have been posted whatever the nationalities involved . 
  it 's the second largest denomination after the roman catholic church in ireland and the third largest after the catholic church and the presbyterian church of ireland in northern ireland . 
  i suspect the reason you have n't heard of it is because all the protestant churches , be they anglican , methodist . . whatever . . tend to get lumped in together , mainly for historical and political reasons . 
  nhs covers some of the cost of medically necessary dental work , along the same lines as prescription charges - so can be free if you 're unemployed , a child etc. - but not cosmetic stuff . 
  very sad news . 
  my friend who 's a climbing instructor has been mentioning a trainee recently . 
  he 's only 17 and he has been diagnosed with a heart defect that could cause him to die suddenly at any point . 
  there 's currently no treatment or cure , his heart is like a ticking time bomb . 
  he 's a really positive and go-ahead person which is astounding , how someone could live knowing that , especially someone so young , and still have the willpower to pursue their goals and to live a full life . 
  but the title says ` structures and buildings ' and the earthworks at the site date to at least 3,700 bc . 
  why on earth would anyone go to all the effort of reconstructing a role from the plantagenet court of edward i and then not use the medieval french job title they would have used ?!, 
  it 's like cosplay , you keep the character as consistent as possible . 
  if people vote for politicians who choose borrowing over taxation to fund public services and benefits then they do have to bear the responsibility for that . 
  to suggest that greek people could n't see the association between low tax collection rates and burdensome debt is basically saying they must have been economically illiterate . 
  the rush to blame the politicians and the super-rich would make sense if tax-evasion was confined to them , but it was n't . 
  do you really believe that some foreign journalist has the power to give orders to militants ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  they have the guns , she does n't . 
  even if she had asked for them to engage in action , they 're the ones with the responsibility to decide . 
  she 's not their commander , she does n't give them orders . 
  essentially you 're blaming her simply because she was there to witness it . 
  her presence maybe marginally changed the timing of events , but i do n't believe for one second that peace would have broken out if she was n't there . 
  i can understand why it was removed , it would fit better in / r/worldnews or / r/christianity but i ca n't understand why the gadaffi post was n't removed as that has no clear direct links to european news . 
  we have / r/worldnews for non-us stories outside of europe . 
  my point of view from the uk ... 
  i do n't want uk tax payer money loaned to greece because i do n't trust in their ability to pay it back . 
  it would just create more debt problems for them and resentment from us . 
  i would however be happy for us to donate our tax money as a gift for humanitarian use . 
  it 's about trust for me rather than about the money . 
  if it 's given as a gift , with terms attached to make sure it 's helping those in need , then i think most british people would be inclined to be generous . 
  i wonder how many of these activists were buying things made in germany in the first place ? 
  i doubt there 's much overlap between ` twitter activists ' and ` people who decide where to import pharmaceuticals/petro-chemicals/steel etc from ', 
  well of course he does n't believe in the agreement , was n't that the point of having a referendum , so that greek politicians could push responsibility on to the greek people for rejecting the original deal ? 
  most redditors are american and they know more about the uk than any other country in europe simply because we 're english speaking and they can understand our news and discussions . 
  there 's also lots of similarities in how our legal and political systems work which make us feel more familiar to them . 
  from a practical point of view they ought to be paying much more attention to german politics than ours . 
  the same is also true in reverse , most british people know far more about us politics than they do about continental european politics , even though the later affects us more . 
  british stories get upvoted in / r/worldnews more because people feel like they have some understanding of what they 're about . 
  why is it bad to ask eurozone countries to pay for a eurozone bailout ? 
  the uk chose to stay out of the euro for a good reason . 
  how would you like it if in every political discussion involving canada people refused to listen to your point of view because they were too busy accusing you of being directly responsible for the way indigenous people were treated in your country ? 
  i do feel sorry for germans who were born after wwii being called ` nazis ' especially when it 's being done by people saying we should ignore crimes like tax evasion in other countries that 's happening today . 
  he was a staff member of the international committee of the red cross and he was n't part of the ethno-religious group the genocide was targeting , so it may have been possible for him to negotiate an exit . 
  that 's just semantics . 
  treaties can be amended and even in the absence of a rule change the ecb can cut off the liquidity life line . 
  he did n't say they did n't work , he said they did n't pay enough taxes . 
  those are different things . 
  working hours is not a measure of productivity or tax revenue . 
  if one of my family members had been killed in a genocide i would n't take kindly to someone who denied it was a genocide showing up to the memorial service . 
  the one for the english child is ` if she wants a cat her parents buy her a cat ' so i suspect that has more to do with the parents of the kid interviewed not buying a cat than it does with any real stereotypes . 
  very cute though . 
  well it 's is written by a representative of an anti-eu campaign for a right-wing ( although it says it 's non-partisan it really is n't ) website . 
  how many times does it need to be repeated that a bail out involves paying creditors who own the debt ? 
  it 's not ` hey you have debts so have some free money and do n't pay off your debts ! ', 
  it 's a moral issue as well as an economic one , it 's not fair to ask eu tax payers in other countries to foot the bill for things like tax evasion . 
  you sound like a shill for the illuminati monetary fund / s, 
  i would normally favour stimulus over austerity as a tool to create growth , but in the case of greece i do n't see how it could work in practical terms . 
  if they have a trade in-balance and rely on imports , if loads of people are n't paying taxes to fund public spending in the long term and if they send money abroad because they have no confidence in the banking system - then it 's just a leaky bucket effect - the money is n't going to circulate inside the greek economy , it 's just going to go elsewhere . 
  they need to find ways to mend the holes in the bucket before they pour in any more water . 
  oh and make them responsible for the full integration of their balkan neighbours in to the eu , like how west germany had responsibility for reintegrating east germany . 
  how about in 2011 when 100 billion euros was written off their debt ? 
  indirect democracy is not autocracy , we elect politicians to make decisions on our behalf .
