  we travel , work , study and communicate across borders at a much greater level than any of our predecessor generations did . 
  it 's not based on any one language , religion , culture of history - just on sharing a neighbourhood and realising that we have to agree on common values and work together to prosper within it . 
  it makes me proud to see ukrainians demanding to be part of this because it shows how far the project works despite the many pitfalls and set-backs . 
  the eu does n't promise a utopia , it does n't have a sacred text or a leader to make statues of in public squares - all it promises is that it will try to make things better by changing things through consensus a little bit at a time . 
  most of the big storms in north west europe are these buggers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_windstorm - they can spawn tornadoes but even if they do n't they 're pretty nasty . 
  i have been thinking along these lines as well . 
  in terms of language , religion , culture etc it does seem like one half looks west and the other looks east so they may not agree on a common future . 
  but for now i 've not seen much pro-russian feeling expressed in eastern ukraine to counter these pro-eu demos ( esp . 
  compared with 2004 ) , so it may be possible to win people over in the traditional pro-russian areas . 
  especially if integration happens gradually and has palpable benefits . 
  they are not in as bad a shape as greece , for an example , was - but it 's still not inconsiderable - they will need big loans and/or cash injections very soon from someone . 
  although the amounts being talked about are smaller than previous bail outs there 's less incentive for other european countries because they 're not integrated in the single market . 
  if greece or italy or ireland fell they would take others with them but for now the eu could live without ukraine if it chose to . 
  i hope that does n't happen but pragmatically it 's an available choice . 
  lesson no 1 . 
  understand what kind of beer you 're drinking and how it should be served . 
  british and belgian ales should be drunk at room temperature - german and czech lagers should be drunk chilled . 
  always do as the locals do . 
  what i 'm finding really interesting about this is that during the ` orange revolution ' 10 years ago there were big pro-russian demonstrations in the east to counter the pro-eu demonstrations in the west but this time round i 've not seen reports of that . 
  it seems like the pro-russian heartland is n't prepared this time to come out in force to support a russian-directed future and that probably means that from the hearts and minds pov the eu has already won this battle . 
  plus if we can keep ukraine out of the eurasian union that pet project of putin 's is dead in the water - because ukraine was going to be the jewel of his ' i can have my own customs union without the pesky democracy ' crown ' - so that 's nice . 
  do you think these people are idiots who do n't know this ? 
  they are protesting the fact that yanukovich has signed a deal with russia and is keeping the full details of it secret instead of signing the deal he promised he was going to sign with the eu . 
  of course they know that the eu deal is not full membership but for now is just an association agreement and pathway to membership - but they want their government to undertake the reforms that the eu pathway would prescribe . 
  it 's not about what is on the table today , it 's about what direction ukraine is going to take for decades to come , this is a pivotal moment . 
  i find it so touching that these ukrainian protesters continue to believe in the idea of common european values and a prosperous european future when so many within the eurozone are cynical about these things . 
  i 'm sure they 're aware of the short-falls of membership and how other nations have not got everything they hoped from it . 
  yet they still have faith in the ideals of it . 
  i realise the nuts and bolts of full integration will need a lot of micro-management which could take years but i think the eu should send a strong signal to ukraine 's creepy russian uncle that he 's not getting custody again and that sister ukraine is a member of family-europe . 
  has been happening for a while now , but luckily the official reddit , facebook and other places are well moderated so it 's not being inundate with crap comics or people angrily demeaning why israel is a cube and germany is sometimes a rectangle ... 
  judging by the fates of his high profile political opponents - one in jail , one assassinated - i 'd say he thinks he can do pretty much what he wants . 
  damnit , all this time i 've been using hey day as my farm simulation game of choice , if only i 'd known i could get subsidies for playing farmville !, 
  oh , you must not be aware that in the uk pretty much all eastern europeans are stereotyped by the right wing press as being thieves and rapists and welfare-vampires etc. 
  does n't matter if you 're a polish doctor or a lithuanian truck driver . 
  so hence my question . 
  was n't sure if this was just general anti ee or targeting a specific type of person . 
  not sure if offensive stereotyping or accurate satire ?? 
  are these the ee equivalent of uk chavs or us red necks ? 
  this is what soviet russia did to ukraine http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor if the russians want a friendly relationship with the ukrainians they probably ought not to use words like ` pogrom ' lightly . . 
  italy as a modern nation state may not have done much in the way of empire building , but the states that made up italy - and the vatican - they were not so insular . 
  not by a long chalk . 
  i am okay with modest scale hunting of wild seals by indigenous peoples so long as populations are monitored and endangered species are not targeted . 
  i am not okay with the expansion of this to a commercial , industrialised scale . 
  wild animal populations can not be exploited in the same way as domestic animal populations - to do so is not sustainable . 
  i would give peoples with a proven history of a culture based around the seal hunt a set quota of which species and how many they can kill per season and i 'd ban the products being traded outside those communities . 
  social services do n't get to put their side of the story to defend themselves , typical of the right wing press to use a story like this to attack them . 
  the protocol for babies to be taken in to care is because there 's good reason to believe they are not physically safe with the parents . 
  it happens very rarely and when it does it 's usually because an older sibling has been badly abused or because a parent has deteriorated so badly mentally they are no longer able to look after themselves let alone a baby . 
  is this in any way surprising ? 
  the city of london is the financial capital of europe . 
  i 'm going to take a running jump and guess that the best paid bankers of the americas lives in new york to be near wall street . 
  he has good taste , heartbeat was a good show , i wonder if he is also a fan of the original short stories ? 
  no , polling from the last few years has consistently shown unionists in the lead - the last poll i saw had about 60 % unionist vs 30 % independence and 10 % undecided . 
  by and large people vote for the status quo in a referendum unless there is a pressing reason for change . 
  i think most scottish people are perfectly content with having a semi-autonomous parliament . 
  the snp proposals of withdrawing scottish mps from westminster but still having scotland 's economic and foreign policy made there would arguably make scotland less , not more , independent . 
  it 's also a generational thing - the older generation and younger generations are more likely to feel british ( ww2 , olympic legacy etc ) and it 's the middle generation that 's more likely to feel scottish - those who grew up during the thatcher years when the anything north of london , let alone scotland , was neglected . 
  73 % in 2.16 first attempt , 64 % in 2.22 second attempt . 
  not only am i terrible at geography , i 'm terrible at learning it too . 
  here 's a game if you want to try out your world geography skills http://freerice.com/#/identify-countries-map/851 they donate money to the world food program from their advertising sales so you are being productive and not time wasting at all when you play this . 
  here 's the attempts by british people to label us states . 
  http://www.buzzfeed.com/robinedds/its-thanksgiving-so-we-asked-some-brits-to-label-the-us-stat personally i think ` potatoes ' ` squareshire ' and ` wibblywobblyborderlands ' are superior names than those they chose . 
  i can picture the scene now . . at the foreign office , london - sandra , phone the spanish ambassador and let him know he is to be summoned immediately !, 
  and have him bring a few cases of rioja , ooh and some chorizo and some of that olive oil my wife likes and some . . 
  at least they can point to a command to circumcise in their scripture , why us christians do it i do n't know . 
  oh no wait , i do . 
  it 's because private health insurance companies decided to market it as ` hygienic ' in the 1950s . 
  anyway , if you make it illegal people will just go underground to do it , better to have it regulated - so that at least kids are being taken to trained professionals in sterile operating theatres - and work on education/persuasion in the mean time . 
  he is not a british citizen , he was here on a student visa which he out stayed and he has been found guilty in british courts on numerous terrorism charges , with many charges still outstanding prior to his extradition . 
  assassination is wrong , but let 's not pretend this is a nice guy . 
  op is right , in my experience / r/europe is one of the worst subs for down-voting because it seems to get brigaded all the time . 
  i think people are voting based on each other 's nationalities , not on the content of what they say . 
  the discussion here is usually pretty good so i do n't think it 's the regular crowd doing it , i think it 's infiltrators . 
  other subreddits have been ruined by this / r/politics was taken over by / r/conspiracy , / r/worldnews was taken over by / r/niggers ( it seems to be slowly recovering thank goodness ) the only sure fire way to protect a subreddit that i 've seen is heavy moderation . 
  you can not rely on the good will of users when anyone can join in . 
  it only takes a few dozen people with an agenda to ruin a sub . 
  i 've not listened to it yet but this week 's edition of crossing continents ( bbc radio ) is on moldovan/russian relations . 
  should be worth a listen , always tends to be a good programme . 
  it 's okay , i 'm using my bbc newsreader accent so all the johnny foreigners are hypnotised in to trusting me . 
  yeah , someone needs to tell them that is a job for the anglosphere . 
  the street view pictures of my family house are really good . 
  taken sometime soon after we 'd just had the house freshly painted . 
  on a week when the windows had been cleaned and the hedge trimmed and the garden tidied . 
  i would use them to promote the property if we ever sell it . 
  thanks google !, 
  i often use street view to navigate and help me read maps . 
  thanks again google !, 
  we live in the middle of a big city , in a crowded area , if you do n't close your curtains when doing something you want to keep private in those conditions you 're an idiot or an exhibitionist . 
  the only way i can see why street view would be a privacy issue for anyone rational is if they lived in some isolated farmstead miles from other humans and so were accustomed to the idea that were not on public display . 
  but if you live in a densely populated urban environment you really ought to know that privacy is something that must be actively controlled and can not be taken for granted . 
  if someone taking a picture of the outside of your house catches something you wanted kept private you ought to blame your own carelessness . 
  as for pictures of people on the street itself - in my area - they do not appear in residential streets and in the commercial streets their faces are blurred . 
  even if you can identity them they are in still pictures , not action shots and there is no information there that ca n't be garnered from other sources . 
  most of those shops have their own private security cameras facing the street . 
  most of the street is covered by private and voter - approved council cctv . 
  google 's photos are not a big deal in this context . 
  on the subject of that cctv know maybe people here will think ` surveillance = creeping totalitarianism ' but it 's not always like that . 
  the council cctv in my area is there because local people campaigned for it because of rising crime rates and now the area is a lot safer and kids can play outside again and we can use the old short cuts instead of having to stick to the main roads . 
  it 's not any more sinister than hiring new policemen . 
  it 's a tool that is as good or bad as its use .
