yeah , when it comes to debate , r/europe can not contain their liberalism in check, 
  and ceu also needs accreditation from other universities ? 
  do they answer to someone regarding these us diplomas ? 
  and how exactly would a hungarian university issue a us diploma ? 
  they are partially right . 
  they do have unfair advantage over domestic institutions . 
  but , they should have barred them from issuing one of the diplomas , not force them to shut down or have a parent institution in the us, 
  who was asked this ? 
  politicians , decision makers , people ? 
  woman emancipation and ridiculous rise in standard and fall of infant mortality is the cause here . 
  how many women around you would like to give birth and raise 4-5 kids like 50-100 years ago ? 
  now they can work and do other things than staying home being mom . 
  not to mention divorce rate that goes with it, 
  it is called hatemoglu afterall, 
  germans have a shitload of small factories that produce finished products . 
  there is a big chance all of the product was produced solely in de, 
  our education sucks but at least our houses dont make sounds, 
  yes , thanks a lot !, 
  shit 's paywalled, 
  maybe he can help out the prince :d, 
  it is if the people and laws they elected allow you to, 
  that worked beautifully in afghanistan , iraq , syria , libya and ukraine, 
  halt the trucks on bulgarian border and inspect every single one for a few hours for immigrants and the problem will go away . 
  no formal sanctions needed, 
  it is seriously naive to think they will stay out of de . 
  living in nigeria or algeria is really not an option for them as they dont know the language or the culture . 
  they will be back, 
  i fully expect this . 
  but also , it 's going to be hilarious seeing him deal with this kind of setting, 
  no , it does n't, 
  because russian ones can nuke the shit out of washington . 
  on the other hand , when russians tried to do the same on cuba , americans were ready to go to war . 
  in this confrontation , russians are the reasonable ones, 
  us nuclear missiles provide them the reason not to do it , no matter where they are, 
  indeed . 
  every night i see icbms above my house . 
  same like last time they nuked someone, 
  they want to dismantle the eu . 
  shocking to see russia wanting to screw up an organization that allowed nato to place missiles on russian border . 
  did not see this coming at all, 
  the same way a fist fight ends with lack of apetite for another one because one guy is beaten and both are out of breath . 
  until they see each other another day again . 
  if it repeats , you can hardly call it lesson learned or say there was no appetite for more . 
  obviously , there was or it would n't have happened, 
  no , it did n't . 
  read your history books, 
  i was maybe misled by this : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/6014mk/stop_hatred_towards_the_scots_after_all_we_voted/df32z8a/, 
  strong word for strong bullshit, 
  no , he wasnt . 
  edit : check his and ops history . 
  wo n't take you more than 10 comments to figure out what they are, 
  yup , op and this / u/2a95 reek of faschism, 
  you have internet there ? 
  then they can stay home and eat what they want, 
  you eat what ever the fuck you get because you are starving . 
  end of story, 
  until she smiles, 
  guilty as charged, 
  should n't there be meat in the sauce on the right to call it bolognese ? 
  ahaaa , that 's why there is talk of trump meeting putin there . . 
  that 's an excellent question !, 
  im done with schooling and you pay healthcare anywhere you live, 
  to be honest , i would go to us just for salary increase . . 
  yes , we can recycle bullshit all day long, 
  not if they donate to republican party . . 
  it reflects our state of spirit and dark future ahead of us, 
  i am willing to pre-order my place on the ship out of here !, 
  just do indiegogo or something and post links, 
  ah yes , populist rhetoric . . 
  and they base this fear on what ? 
  lets remember that their money is worth less now . . unemployment low is good . 
  i wonder why they have a thing against immigration with this low unemployment rates . 
  they will make them halal, 
  war is kind of a tradition in europe to be honest . . all of it, 
  perhaps . 
  still kind of waiting for a sound explanation as belgians do n't seem too hardcore or mental, 
  im talking belgium in general . 
  or maybe those extremists from paris did n't live there , dunno . . 
  immigrants i would assume, 
  its all about the reach . 
  russians dont reach so much as americans do . 
  and if its needed to lose some money to influence elections once in 4 years , thats a ver very small price to pay . 
  its not a cost really but investment that will yield returns . 
  so they will make money for owners anyway, 
  you are thinking us media are just normal corporations and not a tool in the hands of moguls ? 
  that 's very naive . 
  there is a reason that us media market has consolidated so badly in the last 50 years . 
  there is a reason that 90 % of market is in hands of like 5 corporations . 
  its not profit , its monopoly on information, 
  still waaay behind the us media machinery, 
  yes . 
  better bbq for sure, 
  i ` ts not nice, 
  something is wrong here . 
  there is simply no way some of these statements are true for croatia, 
  i would gild you if i wasnt a cheap bastard !, 
  well , returns based on investments i would say, 
  i searched the text for the word `` bombing '' and there is not one mention . 
  this is such a bullshit article its an insult to intelligence, 
  pricaj ti to nekom ko ne zivi 2 km od tamo,
