  so unless you want to create a disenfranchised , debt-burdened class of people who are n't guaranteed jobs , then they should be abolished ( or at least reduced ; # 9000/year is ridiculous ) . 
  unless you want kids with rich parents to be able to get an even bigger advantage over everyone else . 
  cause thats fair/s  nationalise rail ( ... ) the countries with the best rail systems tend to be public . 
  the best rail system in the uk ( judged best by virtually every criteria ) , is publicly owned , and turns a profit for the state while being cheaper for consumers . 
  meanwhile the private rail systems have strikes , constant maintenance delays and are ludicrously expensive , while the state covers rail maintenance costs . 
  how is that sustainable and fair for consumers ? 
  i can also speak from personal experience that between private uk rail and italian state-owned rail , italy 's trains are better considering the price . 
  regarding your position on the minimum wage that argument has been debunked several times . 
  educate yourself , basic knowledge of labour markets in the context of macroeconomics will tell you that . 
  really ? 
  i think i 'm right in saying that ` di bufala ' is . 
   but pasta is just pasta oh my days this is just ... wrong . 
  san marino really making the difference . 
  if you think the tories will do that you 're deluded . 
  corporate self regulation * never * lasts . 
   uk isps actually voluntarily agreed amongst each other as an industry to adopt net neutrality rules lol i 'm sure that 'll last, 
  this is what m\u00e9lenchon and his supporters , including me , are worried about . 
  macron 's policies are all pretty similar to hollande 's . 
  it was under hollande that the fn grew to this level , and while she did get soundly defeated , its still the fn 's best result ever . 
  i hope that macron will do his best to prevent the same thing happening . 
  but that * will * require a deviation from liberalism , which is something i do n't think he 'll do . 
  i do n't think * any * italian is surprised by this lol, 
  i see you 've never been to italy ... 
  lol , the sources you cited are exactly the ones i would 've used . 
  basically , while it does n't explicitly ban it , it certainly promotes ` cross border competition ' and advances towards ` liberalisation ' of train services , or other industries infact . 
  there 's a clear agenda by the eu to promote ` competition ' and liberalism in all its forms . 
  it happened in italy too , the eu has been trying to force small private beach owners to compete with large multinational companies by allowing them access in the market . 
  italians generally say ` fuck that ' , and yet they still keep trying . 
  i suspect it would happen to a smaller eu state who does n't have the economic clout to say no . 
  they also tried to ( infact i think they have ) fined us for injecting money into our state owned steel company to protect it from chinese dumping . 
  basically what i 'm saying is that the eu has a clear liberal agenda which may not be explicit in its articles , but its actions speak louder . 
   `` less public spending = lower taxes = more jobs and more money in my bank balance '' . 
  so maybe instead of just accepting that bullshit narrative , labour should fight it . 
  as corbyn is attempting to do . 
  lib dems are completely opposed to brexit and ukip are seen as redundant since brexit . 
  rail nationalisation . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  at the time , it would have been hard to keep him imprisoned . 
  best to execute him immediately . 
  besides , its fucking mussolini . 
  what do you know ? 
  the clna and the partisans went on to become key members amongst the founders of the republic . 
  they were n't a ` mob ', 
  she chose to follow him to death actually . 
  they tried that in rome , he got out . 
  several accounts say she wanted to die with him . 
  i dont think they would actually . 
  also chechnya, 
  oh really ? 
  thats fucked up , i thought it referred to the balkan wars of independence from the ottomans ... 
  still no source huh, 
  its amazing , you keep blathering nonsense and * still * no source . 
  yes , of course kpd voted against the spd . 
  why would n't they ? 
  it was the spd who allowed the freikorps , the proto-fascist to kill rosa luxemborg and her supporters during the november revolution . 
  one of many examples of liberal-fascist collusion . 
  a communist party is against all capitalist parties . 
  and guess what the spd was a capitalist party . 
  just like the nazis , who the kpd vehemently opposed . 
  lmao what is this revisionism . 
  you 're gon na have to source these claims . 
  you 're telling me the kpd and the nazis worked together ? 
  also you realise it was the liberal parties who formed the coalition that made hitler chancellor right ? 
  no that would be the liberal , when they give them a platform for example , and legitimise them . 
  it happened 70 years ago , and it looks like it could happen again . 
  how on earth is the far left enabling the far right anyway ? 
  or is it just some liberal catchphrase you 're repeating without actually understanding what it is . 
   we do enjoy less crime , longer lifespans , healthier living and better work-life balance though . 
  and that matters far more than any marginal difference in income . 
  the ny times has really become a joke since trump 's election ... 
  no that would be macron and liberalism . 
  fascism can only rise because liberalism allows it to . 
  oh for fucks sake , do some research . 
  who are these ` scholars ' you refer to ? 
  if they even exist , they 're in a minority . 
  fascism and communism reasons for existence could not be more in opposite directions . 
  fascism is about the elevation of the state to become the supreme power in a nation , controlling everything . 
  mussolini said this multiple times . 
  communism instead aims to abolish the state , as it is seen as a tool used by capitalist to exert their control . 
  fascists love police for example , communists , not so much . 
  ' so long as the state exists there is no freedom . 
  when there is freedom , there will be no state . ', 
  thats a lenin quote . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  those partisans should have just bent the knee to the allies . 
  liberating entire cities ? 
  pffft , thats useless . 
  definetly not worth celebrating . 
  well , not to sound insensitive or anything , but germany did n't shoot hitler and drag them round the streets of munich . 
  most italian cities were liberated by italian partisans . 
  thats who we 're celebrating , those antifascist partisans . 
  worth noting that the socialists here were true socialists , pretty close to the communists . 
  unlike most modern day ` socialist ' parties . 
   it 's so funny because in italy those views would n't get him far yeah , but they take it too far in the other direction . 
  remarkable coincidence that its the same day as the one in italy !, 
  he only got in because conservative parties let him in . 
  you know how in the recent dutch elections all the parties said they wouldnt work with wilders ? 
  that did n't happen in germany . 
  conservative parties made a coalition with him to allow him to gain power . 
  you think the voters for those parties wanted a nazi dictatorship ?
