   there is more to a nation 's competitiveness than raw economics alone there really is n't , at least not since the industrial revolution . 
   but it is entirely possible to be simultaneously highly nationalist , non-globalist , free-marketeer and incredibly successful as a nation - see the us , japan e.t.c. 
  you ca n't be serious right now ... holy shit . 
   until you have lived in the uk you have no idea what are and what are n't generalisations about the cultural and political landscape whatsoever , and therefore any comments you make regarding such are merely baseless , uninformed and ignorant aspersions . 
  hey smart guy , i have british citizenship and am currently living in the uk , have been for a couple of years and will for one more . 
  infact i even voted in the recent elections . 
  so maybe do n't make baseless assumptions eh ? 
  even though that seems to be all you can do . 
   but yes , we are told that being proud of one 's own nation is bad . 
  quote me one mp who 's sad that . 
  one . 
   we have mainstream and highly influential politicians implying it 's wrong to own and fly our own flag you 're using the plural form and yet you cite one example ( that photo is pretty cringe anyway ) . 
   as well as encouraging and condoning the actions of our enemies . 
  yeah this is a joke . 
  stop tying your identity to a state who does n't give a shit about you . 
  its terribly sad . 
   are you saying that a government in a nation-state are n't putting the interests of the nation that they 're representing before the interests of other nations ? 
  you did n't say that . 
  you said that its to ` support the right of [ your people ] to self-determinate ' . 
  thats different . 
  what you 've said however , in theory sure . 
  i do n't think that states support their people as much as you think they do however . 
   furthermore , do you equally care about a presidential election in mozambique and italy ? 
  after all , if you did not put your nation first , both should be of equal importance to you . 
  well obviously i care about an election in italy more because it has an impact on me and my loved ones . 
  thats just because of logistics , i do n't have any romantic feelings towards any state , the italian one or otherwise . 
  do not equate the state with the people it governs . 
  i am against all states . 
   no , but enthusiasm for it is . 
  by this definition , switzerland and japan are nationalist nations , many in these nations will vehemently declare that their nation is the best nation , or is at least inherently better than others in some regard and display some pride towards it . 
  if someone does infact say that , then yeah they 're assholes , as that is a mentality that leads to conflict  healthy pride , respect and enthusiasm for one 's own nation will not inherently lead to conflict and , in my mind , is an imperative prerequisite of a competitive nation . 
  actually economically globalisation is much better . 
  just saying . 
   this is the problem , in britain , the left , and some of the right tells us we should be ashamed of ourselves as a nation and that the idea of being proud of one 's nation is somehow racist and arrogant . 
  you need to stop with these frankly stupid generalisations btw . 
  thats not nationalism . 
  nationalism is putting your nation first . 
  as i said to the other guy , passively support your respective nation-state and the right for it to exist is n't nationalist . 
  passively supporting your respective nation-state is n't nationalism . 
  you ca n't ignore the relationship between nationalism and imperialism , come on . 
  ' a hollow experience ' is quite a good way of putting it actually . 
  money is the only thing that matters under capitalism . 
  does n't get more hollow than that . 
  well the first and most obvious sign was the crisis . 
  i was n't even that old when it happened , but i still asked myself ` how does bankers fucking up in america make ordinary people across the world homeless ? ', 
  it never made sense to me . 
  the reaction to the crisis was even worse . 
  austerity is ordinary people paying for the crimes of others . 
  seriously . 
  meanwhile the actual bastards get nothing , infact they get a bailout . 
  while obviously most of us agree that that is unjust and should n't happen , most people do n't ask themselves * why * it happens . 
  the answer i found was pretty disturbing : that our entire global economic system is designed for this to happen . 
  for the rich to get richer , to inevitably go too far , but to always be saved in the send . 
  because the rich run the system . 
  so that they can bribe politicians , or actually become them , using the huge advantage in wealth to influence media , culture , to put wool over the eyes of the common person , or to foster division , through race , gender , old vs young , or simply pitting one worker against the other ( referring to immigration and the general expansion of the labour market ) . 
  it allows the rich to pretty much get away with anything . 
  once you realise that , the next question to ask is ` well how did they become rich in the first place ' ? 
  the answer to which is the fundamentals of capitalism : the relationship between those who own capital ( the capitalists ) , and those who do n't ( the workers , forced to sell their labour as its all they have ) . 
  if you own a reasonable amount of capital ( which is n't that much ) , then its pretty hard to end up on the streets . 
  you have an inherent advantage which creates a snowball effect for a very very small number of people . 
  how is that fair ? 
  add that to the fact that capital is often inherited , and that ` hard work ' has very little to do with it , then i was convinced . 
  i 've sort of skimmed over things here , if you want specifics i 'd be happy to direct towards some great literature and videos . 
   not really , there are plenty of nations out there which currently peacefully practice forms of nationalism without an anti-imperial tint . 
  i 'm not denying that in the past nationalism has caused conflict , but that does not/should not condemn the notion for all of eternity . 
  gon na have to provide some examples mate, 
  yeah , but you can safetly say that they 're no pro-nationalist if they were , then they would n't vote for said parties . 
   i wholeheartedly disagree with your statement that nationalism always causes conflict , even without an anti-imperialist sentiment . 
  then i 'm afraid you 're disagreeing with pretty much the entire history of mankind . 
   however , regardless of your opinion of nationalism , do you really believe that it should be acceptable to be policing thought so much as to ` regulate nationalism ' ? 
  - this is authoritarianism in extremis , a dangerous and complete absurdity . 
  idk what op means by ` regulating nationalism ' , so i ca n't really comment, 
  i 've become more and more convinced of the failures of capitalism , and subsequently find myself agreeing more and more with socialism , especially after reading texts from various figures , from marx to locke to mussolini . 
  nationalism * always * causes conflict . 
  unless its tied in with anti-imperialist sentiment ( i.e. 
  not most of the 1st world ) , then yeah its pretty stupid at best , despicable at worst . 
   there is no place for nationalism/patriotism anywhere other than the right nowadays ( and even on the right it 's a struggle ) , and until the left accepts that their kooky , anti-patriotic hogwash will never wash with the average voter , in a nation which has a traditionally patriotic working class , they will continue to be viewed as elitist , champagne-sipping , patronising cocks and they 'll eventually be consigned to the annals of history , to be replaced with a pragmatic alternative . 
  40 % of the british electorate disagree with you . 
  actually the lib dems are pretty antinationalist , so thats 48 % of people who disagree . 
  to take a bus or a train without paying for your ticket is to do so ' a la portoghese ' . 
  take a guess ... 
  if you have it i do n't wan na hear about it , basically . 
  but i think its very telling that for you ambition = wanting money . 
   it 's okay as long as the money somehow flows back into the economy . 
  when talking about the very rich , it usually does n't . 
  i need to see what that index is based on because i find it very hard to believe that the us has a better system than italy . 
  i can confidently say that italian health care system is top-notch . 
  even chinese are pretty rare , and impossible to find outside of the big cities . 
  i 've never even seen a middle eastern restaurant in italy ... 
  not as much as it used to be , but new york and florida are seen as such , yes . 
  not as much as closer places of course . 
  you need to go to the parts of the continent where we go on holiday . 
  focaccia and ham ( cotto ) . 
  still eat it all the time to this day . 
  cereali 's honestly the best kinder product . 
  also [ this nice combination ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=nutella+grissini+estath\u00e8&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=ltn&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=m-osuaoytoapxm%253a%253bxrlwu9yvi6fgcm%253bhttp%25253a%25252f%25252fwww.brandfan.it%25252fopinioni%25252fnutella-go-estath%25252525c3%25252525a9&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=m-osuaoytoapxm%253a%252cxrlwu9yvi6fgcm%252c_&amp;usg=__aaglbdcl7_fu5giyjoxs2vjg5dk%3d&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=599&amp;ved=0ahukewi-5zbikprtahulbsakhansdpwqyjcimw&amp;ei=le8dwf7gkawmgaaj2bhgdw#imgrc=m-osuaoytoapxm: ) . 
  this period definitively established french as the language of social promotion , far more than it was before . 
  [ 4 ] after world war i , public schools provided french-speaking education to all children , inducing a denigration of walloon , especially when accompanied by official orders in 1952 to punish its use in schools . 
  subsequently , since the middle of the 20th century , generational transmission of the language has decreased , resulting in walloon almost becoming a dead language . '', 
  the fact that you , as a belgian , do n't even know of this proves my point .
