  i wo n't waste any more of my time however . 
  right , thats why the most intense periods of developments happened under socialist governments , whether it be burkina faso under thomas sankara or kwame nkrumah 's ghana . 
  so you think its their choice to remain the way they are ? 
  incredible . 
  africa and other poor regions of the world are as so because it is in the 1st world 's interests for it to remain so . 
  its a well analysed phenomenon in the sphere or international relations and the analysis of global capitalism . 
  look at how much china is resented now . 
  africa , south/southeast asia mostly . 
  why does that matter ? 
  do they not matter to you ? 
  because , as i explained in another comment , socialists ( generally ) believe in decentralisation and local self-governance and seek to eliminate the state , partially for the reasons you cite . 
  the nation-state is antithetical to socialism , so you ca n't really have a ` socialist nation-state ' . 
  hence why the ussr and other states that followed its model did n't tend to last ( although very significant positive change occurred in many of them , especially in africa ) . 
  the paris commune , some kibbutz , revolutionary catalunia and perhaps the zapatista-controlled part of chipas in mexico are the only places and periods in history that can be actually considered as ` soviet-governed ' . 
  anything else does not meet the criteria for socialism , although some , very few who actually came to any sort of power , leaders have made some effort towards achieving a genuine socialist economy . 
  the examples listed for successful are were halted due to violence from capitalist/imperialist forces , or in the case of the postwar period , forcibly deprived economically by capitalist states ( the us embargo on cuba being the least subtle example ) . 
  if we 're both designing and building homes , and yours has superior insulation , foundation , tiling , efficient use of space compared to mine , your system for designing and building homes is superior . 
  however if i hire a bulldozer to come and destroy your home each time your halfway done building it , does that suddenly make my home superior ? 
  in my opinion no, 
  do you not consider 9 million deaths a year as famine ? 
  why is it bs to count it ? 
  does that really invalidate the point ? 
  you 're being pedantic . 
  i only used the war to provide a time frame , an especially useful one in this case because most marxist-leninist governments came into power after it . 
  if you 've never heard of them i encourage you to look them up . 
  [ irish famine ( the biggest one of several ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_\\ ( ireland \\ ) ) , [ bengal famine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bengal_famine_of_1943 ) . 
  obviously i also encourage to go deeper than just wikipedia . 
  tldr britain forced , through economic means , them both to export food even during famines , resulting in millions of deaths . 
   imperialism is separate from economic systems this is absolutely untrue . 
  so if famines happened under ` socialist countries ' , its socialism 's fault . 
  if they happen in capitalist countries ... ? 
  btw starvation does n't just occur in africa . 
  and even if that was the case , why does that matter ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  why would you want to replicate that which has failed ? 
  why would you want to achieve a goal that is not yours ? 
  is north korea a democratic republic ? 
  was the union of soviet socialist republic governed by soviets ? 
  titles do n't matter . 
  also you completely ignored my argument . 
  what sort of problems do you mean ? 
  catalunia managed it, 
   100m communist bodycount is n't a worldwide data , it 's the bodycount of communist regimes in their own country . 
  so what ? 
  even if you 're trying to make it a percentage of population , the amount of people who have died of starvation in capitalist countries since the war is much much more , this is undisputable . 
  so there are two options : a : famines occur independently of the nation 's economic system . 
  b : famines occur both under capitalism and the soviet/maoist models due to those very systems . 
  how many famines occurred in various european colonies ? 
  the irish famine ( s ) and the bengal famine 's are but the tip of the iceberg . 
  and once again , if famines were unique to socialism , why are they still happening today , considering that there is more than enough food to feed everyone in the world , and then some ? 
   however capitalism did make a giant contribution to the development of the 3rd world . 
  well inequality 's still massive and increased fast . 
  but sure , i would certainly expect certain populations to have less malnutrition , after all farming techniques and technology are constantly improving , its the minimum would would expect . 
  it does n't change the fact that global capitalism only functions if there are poorer nations exploited by richer ones , and that famine is not unique to socialism . 
   the tragedies occurred , because communism as an economic system is not viable , let alone prosperous . 
  that coupled with genocidal dictators is what caused them . 
  baseless assumption based on the classic liberal strawman argument . 
  there 's a reason i call it the ` soviet model ' you can not have communism if there is a state . 
   i do n't think i 've implied that , but even if i did , the `` foreign '' countrys whose corrupt politicians sold their natural resources for pennies on the millions for a personal kickback and `` kingdom '' are the ones who are responsible for this , not the system , where this very conduct is considered illegal . 
  why do you think this corruption happens ? 
  you really see no link between companies being big enough to literally buy out a country 's political system and the system which enables them to do that ? 
  it happened in yours a long time ago . 
  so in your view its the nations of west africa who are at fault for nestle depriving their people of water ? 
   yes he [ sankara ] did , so you admit to the fact that a marxist leader made huge strides in tackling malnutrition and disease in an african nation ? 
   went on to become an authoritarian dictator , when people started opposing him . 
  the man was , and still is , incredibly popular not just in burkina faso but across africa . 
   as far as i am aware he was murdered when his coup-bro and his associates staged yet another military coup , after which the main coup-bro went on to convict and execute his 2 associates . 
  western powers aside , the `` leadership '' of this country seem murder - and backstab-happy enough on their own . 
  its a well known fact that compoar\u00e9 collaborated with the french and the ivory coast to oust sankara , with aide from charles taylor , murderous dictator of liberia . 
  and its not just him . 
  samora machel , amilcar cabral , eduardo mondlane , kwame nk rumah , all african anti-imperialist socialist leaders murdered or violently overthrown by western-backed forces . 
  there 's a reason so many african countries are unstable , because it is in the west 's interests for it to be that way . 
  my point is , to think that a socialist government automatically equals a worsening in food production and nutrition is demonstrably false , indeed their feats were accomplished despite economic malaise forced upon by the west . 
  sankara is simply the easiest example . 
  yes but its a bit different . 
  its one of the several contradictions of capitalism . 
  softer borders means that business is much easier , labour is much easier to find for cheaper . 
  however , it also unifies and streamlines the working class , which goes against the business ' classes interests . 
  racism , xenophopia , and nationalism are all ways to divide the working class and pit them against one another . 
  so its a bit of a double-edged sword . 
  sure is . 
  thats why socialists advocate local soviet control and decentralisation , by and large . 
  edit : by ` sure is ' , i mean i was agreeing with the comment , not ` it sure is possible to implement large-scale ' . 
  ok so when it happens today its not the economic system 's fault ( capitalism ) but when it happened then it was socialism 's fault ? 
  the tragedies in the ussr occurred for pretty much the same reasons you cited ( corruption , incompetence and extreme ideologicism ) . 
  however you seem to implied mass foreign ownership of land and resources is n't a problem . 
  really ? 
  nestle much ? 
  you 're holding a double standard . 
  i see both liberal capitalism and the soviet model as responsible for mass starvation , the former even moreso . 
  im on mobile so i cant go in depth but african communist leaders during the cold war such as thomas sankara made huge strides in tacking malnutrition within their countries before being assassinated by western powers . 
  its absolutely true ... 9 million people die a year from starvation . 
  since 2000 , thats more than 150 million , much greater than the death count of the combined tragedies that occurred during soviet rule . 
  its almost like the were just authoritarian regimes working under the guise of helping the common man without actually implementing socialist economies . 
  because people do n't die under our current system ? 
  more people have died from famine and malnutrition since the start of the century under capitalism than they ever did during the entire span of the ussr . 
  thats not even counting children dying from preventable disease . 
  i mean borders are much less significant than they used to be ... its not crazy to think that they 'd be even less so in the future . 
  i do n't think they meant no borders * leads * to no capitalism . 
  there 's a comma missing between the two .
