  thats not the definition of populism ... like at all, 
  european fords are quite different compared to their original american counterparts . 
  so you 'd prefer the cap to be 138k ? 
  come on . 
  i seem to remember seeing a poll saying 39 % of the british public support some sort of wage cap . 
  thats higher than labour is currently polling now . 
  botswana has a gdp per capita of around $ 7000 . 
  its ranked 101 in the human development index , between congo and laos . 
  i 'm sure its a lovely country , but to say its doing well by any standard is wrong . 
  ghana is significantly worse . 
  singapore is a very very unique case . 
  firstly its a small city state of 6 million people . 
  secondly its colonisation was developed over it being used as a trading port as well as an important military base with many british and white people being stationed there , and so actual useful infrastructure was built for locals to use after . 
  you can not look at singapore 's economic model and use it for other rich countries , let alone poor ones . 
   than look at ethiopia which was never really colonized yes it was . 
  not only by italy for a decade , but it had been under significant spheres of influence of other power 's for some time before that . 
  you cite singapore , but do you not see how a tiny city-state is perhaps a bit different from a country of several million people ? 
  especially since singapore was a different type of ` colony ' ( more like a trading port ) , making it almost unique ( hong kong and macau are the only similar ones i can think of right now ) . 
  i would add this : the reason these countries are mired in problems is not just because of 19th/20th century colonisation , true . 
  its because * it never ended * . 
  its just a little more subtle now . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  you think a country like bangladesh is doing well ? 
  burma ? 
  lol what yeah they are . 
  big time . 
  the only exceptions are the more treasured white settler ones . 
  all the others ? 
  not in great shape . 
  unless south africa , zimbabwe , uganda , pakistan , india , bangladesh , jamaica , and so on are doing well . 
  you think its a coincidence that every poor country today was once a colony to either the us , japan , or a european country ? 
  i had an uber driver from somalia once and he said that there 's still a small section that speaks italian . 
  he told me they would say numbers in italian ( uno , due ) even while speaking somali or arabic . 
  so theres a little influence, 
  tbf almost everyone 's ex-colonies are in pretty bad shape . 
  no coincidence there ... 
  it says it ages your skin . 
  true , but look at the map . 
  serbia and bulgaria do n't even have those , yet they 're ranked higher than a country than does ? 
  does n't seem to make sense . 
  yeah italy is n't mykonos or san francisco in terms of gay acceptance but 20 % seems too low . 
  its barely higher than poland ... ( no offence to any poles ), 
  the overwhelming majority ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  you 're saying that the overwhelming majority of 60 % of the italian electorate supports the far-right ? 
  thats why we have lega in power now right ? 
  i know what you mean . 
  renzi was good at presenting himself as the ` reformer ' , saving italy from its ` archaic institutions and bureaucracy ' while actually just changing the rules to suit his needs ( italicum/porcellum for example ) . 
  he associated any ` reform ' with automatically ` good ' , no matter what . 
  its also no coincidence that the reforms seem very complicated , its to hide what they actually are ( although thats just pure speculation on my part i admit ) . 
  look closely and you see the real motivation . 
  on pure bicameralism , yeah i would be open about have a discussion about possibly changing it . 
  a real discussion actually addressing the issues though . 
  not ... whatever this was . 
  you 're citing a statistic that actually proves my point . 
  a quarter of his own party did n't approve of his flagship policy ? 
  are you joking ? 
   pd does not encompass all the leftist in italy considering how centrist it is , i 'd say that no actual leftist votes pd . 
  it does n't represent the italian left at all . 
  not really . 
  yes , there could be new elections . 
  but there 's literally no way for the m5s to get into power , as they 're unwilling to form a coalition with other parties , and viceversa . 
  so unless they get more than 50 % of the vote ( which is impossible ) , they 're not gon na get into power . 
  edit : 40 % , not 50 % . 
  it does n't * rely * on them , sure , but it helps . 
  i mentioned proportionality only as a way of pointing out how it connects to other sections of italian law . 
  i did n't say regional government was more prone to corruption . 
  i said having them able to appoint unelected senators is a recipe for corruption . 
  any system that allows for mass appointments in this way is . 
  regional government has its functions too , absolutely . 
  but some things , such as transport , are better done locally . 
  the local designers of the system know the geography better , the traffic , the local economy , the focus points on the area , better than people not from there , for example . 
  its not impossible . 
  its very hard and complex , but not impossible . 
  at all . 
  i know , i 'm actually in london right now . 
  i ca n't wait for their disappointment ( the media 's ), 
   seems like people say this is a victory for the ( far ) - right . 
  only people who know little about italian politics . 
  they just see salvini , the right-wing eurosceptic , endorsing no and so they jump to the conclusion that this was some far-right victory . 
  its not . 
  many , many people on the left do n't like renzi ( i 'm one of them ) , and voted no today . 
  local government * is * more efficient . 
   although a lot of the right wing on reddit has been hoping for this result for some reason . 
  thats because , unsurprisingly , they are woefully misinformed . 
  they somehow think this will lead to italy leaving the eu , even though the proposals had nothing to do with the eu . 
  i know what you mean , its true that they say that . 
  its true , but they mean it for all the wrong reasons . 
  its to prevent governments from having too much power . 
  it encourages cross-party negotiations , and thanks to proportionality in the italian electoral system is gives a voice to minority parties too . 
  there are a couple of things i would change , sure ( senators for life for one thing ) , and yeah , i could be open to making one of the houses a little bit more powerful ( like the senate in the us vs its house ) . 
  but this was ridiculous . 
  how are provincial governments screwing over the south ? 
  provinces in italy are basically the equivalent to counties in the uk or us for example . 
  one of the more important things they manage is public transportation . 
  i 'd much rather someone from the nearest large town/city decides the most efficient bus routes than some bureaucrat in rome . 
  they also administer local police and fire forces . 
  local policing is * always * a good thing . 
  there 's more but i think you get my point . 
  better local people manage it than unknowns in rome .
