  well the implication is that the majority of italians supported the rise of mussolini . 
  thing is , theres absolutely no evidence of that . 
  i cited elections because they 're a good indicator of whether or not a leader was chosen dont you think ? 
   im not going to bother arguing with someone who has such a crude understanding of economic theory . 
  oooh ouch , that one hurt . 
   there was no law of value operating in the ussr . 
  prices were for accounting not representing exchange value as in a capitalist economy . 
  sure , thats true . 
  it does n't make it not capitalist though . 
  it was a planned economy , planned economies can be capitalist . 
  modern china , dirigisme in france , corporatism in fascist italy , and the 4 year plans of nazi germany are all examples of capitalist planned economies . 
  what makes the ussr unique is that instead of cooperating with the big business , it became the big business . 
  again , if you compare the definitions of capitalism and socialism you 'll find the ussr was closer to the former than the latter . 
  you seem to be thinking that every capitalist society has to have a free market , when this is not the case . 
   its funny how the more people i meet the more i realize that the poor ( minded ) and the rich ( minded ) are the same across the world . 
  thats what you said . 
  its a view originating from marxist and socialist thought . 
  thats all i 'm pointing out . 
  hitler did n't obtain absolute power through democratic means either . 
  best he got was around 37 % of the vote , and even those voters were n't voting for genocide and war . 
  or do you think the holocaust was on the nazi manifesto in 1932 ? 
  what has that text disproven ? 
  capitalism is when the means of production are privately owned , not communally . 
  ok , so who owned the means of production in the ussr ? 
  was it the factory workers , or the farmers , or the office workers ? 
  at the time , the party would have claimed yes by claiming that the state owned it on their behalf , which we all know today is bullshit . 
  so the state owned them . 
  and what did it do with the wealth produced ? 
  it used it to compete with other countries , especially the us . 
  hmm . 
  economic competition huh . 
  where 's that from ? 
  the ussr 's state would employ people , give them a fixed hourly wage with some benefits , and then kept any surplus profits for itself . 
  in capitalism , a private employer employs some people , gives them a fixed hourly wage , maybe some benefits too , and then keeps the surplus profits . 
  hmmm, 
  oh i 'm sorry , which fair election did mussolini win ? 
  this is objectively untrue . 
  just google state capitalism , look at its tenets , and then compare it to the ussr after ` collectivisation ' . 
  i wo n't do it for you . 
  hey , you 're the one who said he agreed with the marxist view . 
  you 're just backtracking now because for whatever reason you do n't want to be associated with marx . 
  i 'm just pointing out where your viewpoint originated from . 
  only in / r/europe will celebrating the fall of fascism in your country be considered offensive smh, 
  lol the nazis did not gain absolute power legally and democratically ... 
  hey guess what ? 
  old family friends of mine were mistreated by fascists too . 
  do i blame fascism or do i blame italy ? 
  i think the answer to that question should be obvious . 
  the germans treated my great-grandmother like shit , ask her today she 'll tell you all about it . 
  but guess what ? 
  germans a by and large good people . 
  having spite towards a group should be defined by their ideologies , not their nations . 
  thats just foolish . 
  because it proves your ` theories ' wrong ? 
  its a well established one in political science/economic spheres . 
   ts funny how the more people i meet the more i realize that the poor ( minded ) and the rich ( minded ) are the same across the world . 
  you know thats the marxist viewpoint right ? 
  a poor man in bulgaria has more in common with a poor man in france than with a rich bulgarian . 
   paying your fair share of tax is different from paying the vast majority of what you earn in taxes . 
  once again , you still have n't got it . 
  the tax would apply only to anything * over $ 400k * . 
  if you 're making $ 420k , then only $ 20k would be taxed at the 90 % rate . 
  so no , you are n't giving more than 50 % of your income to the state . 
  to reach that point you 'd have to be earning a ludicrous amount . 
  if you 're making 400k in france , you 're already well into the top 1 % of earners , so its a tiny amount of people already . 
   melenchon wanted to raise taxes on anyone earning more than 4k/month to such levels that those people barely take home anything more than someone working for minimum wage , you need to look up how tax thresholds work . 
  they 're of the same liberal line of thinking , yes, 
  you have n't answered a single one of my questions . 
  voting for someone just because they 're not someone else is n't a good reason . 
  all i 've been pointing out is that anyone saying that macron will end the rise of the fn is deluded . 
  you can still vote of course , but i would understand someone who would , for example , spoil their ballot instead . 
   what i do read and hear is someone who values french culture and wants people who immigrate to france to assimilate and learn the language and respect french culture . 
  firstly , this is false . 
  she has repeatedly said that she wants very little immigration , if any at all , whether its legal or not . 
  secondly , many including me think that her ostracising of her father is mainly superficial . 
  several of her meps have said anti-semitic things in the not so recent past . 
  she 's said that ` if you let a refugee in your home , you 'll likely get raped ' . 
  its just your classic demagougery of scapegoating minorites without actually addressing the issues . 
  not to mention her policies such as making immigrant families pay to send their kid to a public school is just economically illiterate . 
  lastly i 'll ask you this : what french culture is she actually defending ? 
  i 'm pretty sure its the french people who decide their own culture , and 76 % of them seem to disagree with her on what that is . 
  i 'm just pointing out your assumption regarding the guy who pointed out macrons ties with the finance sector that he is pro russia/pro-le pen . 
  i 'm concerned about macron 's financial conflict of interests . 
  does that make me a le pen voter in your eyes ? 
  fearmongering ? 
  i 'm just pointing out the trend . 
  under hollande the fn has grown like never before . 
  france most likely is about to elect hollande 's ideological successor . 
  now tell me , what is macron going to do to sway a le pen voter in 2022 ? 
  or a m\u00e9lenchon voter for that matter . 
  he 's not going to diverge significantly from hollande 's policies , and so its reasonable to assume france 's current problems will probably still be there in 5 years time , but worse . 
  you really think the fn voter base wo n't be bigger by then ? 
  its almost like their ideology is vile . 
  because voting for macron in the second round now just increases the chances of a le pen win in 2022 . 
  or maybe its possible to dislike macron and le pen ? 
  there are n't . 
  they 've failed every time . 
   macron is the most europhile and the most keen to push forward the european project . 
  well guess what , 40 % of your country does n't want that . 
  are you just going to ignore them ?
