  well its one of the many paradoxes of it . 
  the jews are scum ... and yet they somehow control the world . 
  they 're responsible for liberal capitalism ... and communism at the same time . 
  its just stupid, 
  against the nazis ? 
  not a lot of it . 
  of course . 
  yeah apart from beaches its considered a bit ruse to walk around shirtless in italy . 
  unless you 're literally right next to one , but even then if theres a vigile or something they 'll tell you to put a shirt on . 
  on beaches going topless for women is n't uncommon but its not as common as foreigners seem to think . 
  ... who were almost all based in catalunia, 
  and how many of those people were under the age of thirty ? 
  and do you think they change their voting habits afterwards ? 
  not really , the nazi 's were given much more free reign that the communists were . 
  hitler only got 6 months in jail for treason ffs, 
  hitler himself said that violence early on would have stopped his movement . 
  what ? 
  fascists are always going on about being ` strong ' and ` alpha ' . 
   do n't think you would meet one far right guy who is actually afraid of antifas and you certainly wo n't meet anyone who did not join a fascist group because they were afraid of the big bad antifa . 
  richard spencer ( the guy who got punched in that somewhat viral video a few months ago ) has said that he 's scared to go outside since that incident . 
  so there 's that you think hitler would have been defeated by debate ? 
  fascism is irrational . 
  i 'm guessing not spain but catalunia however . 
   i have yet to meet somone saying `` i used to be a fascist but since this antifa punched me in the face i changed and i am now a very open-minded and tolerant person '' . 
  i understand your point , but i think you 're misinterpreting antifa 's objective when they do that . 
  they 're not trying to convert nazi 's , theyre trying to break up their ability to organise and grow in strength through violence . 
  let me put it to you this way : have you ever met a person who being a nazi at the age of twenty five said ' i used to be a fascist but since this liberal debated me i changed and i am now a very open-minded and tolerant person ' ? 
  yes in a lot of ways actually . 
  if you 're limiting it to just contemporary political choices , then yeah thats fair enough . 
  you know full well that it often refers to much more then that 99 % of the time . 
  you ca n't fight nazis with words ( unfortunately ), 
  tell me . 
  please . 
  because it seems to be taking pride in something you had no part in doing just because you happened to be born in the same geographic location where it occurred . 
  you might as well be proud to have blue eyes . 
  being ` proud of your nation ' ( whatever the fuck that means ) , is implicitly putting it before others . 
  nope . 
  its putting it before other , and subsequently basing your beliefs around that . 
   so what ? 
  just because something is aggressive still does not mean it inherently will cause conflict . 
  it might make you a bit of a dick from a subjective point of view , but who the fuck cares ? 
  you do n't see how inflammatory and aggressive rhetoric can easily lead to more serious conflict ? 
   yes there is : political stability . 
  social attitudes . 
  social cohesion . 
  diplomatic ties . 
  military strength . 
  diplomatic influence and proficiency . 
  e.t.c theres a direct correlation between all those things and the state of the economy . 
  the economy affects everything else far more than the other way round . 
   deadly serious , if you seriously think that the us and japan are ` globalist ' then you 're delusional . 
  the us has just elected the anti-globalist candidate , and japan is just about as closed socially and culturally as you can be , yet still , has a free-market economy . 
  just because you are an open economy does not mean that you must also embrace the additional trappings which convert free-market capitalism into globalism . 
  you ca n't truly believe in free market capitalism if you 're against globalisation . 
  they 're directly opposing . 
  if you think that the united states , trump or otherwise , is an anti globalisation country then you 're deluded . 
  japan is as well in the economic sense , to a lesser degree perhaps . 
  all big economies are , you ca n't be a big economy in today 's world without breaking down barriers to trade , one of the biggest ones being political borders . 
   i 'm glad you find it funny . 
  personally , i do n't believe that it 's too great when the leader of one of the major political parties of the uk pledges his support and friendship towards the ira and hamas ( groups which actively call for the murder of british citizens , and in the case of the ira the dismantling of part of the union ) just to name a few . 
  corbyn never did that lol even if you take his ` friends ' statement literally . 
  you do n't seem to know what pledging support actually is . 
  and his statement has been contexualised and makes sense , was friend a good word ? 
  maybe not , but it was a meeting , you 're gon na have to be diplomatic . 
  the uk has constantly supported saudi arabia for years know and they 're done things far worse . 
   the case of the ira the dismantling of part of the union why is ` the union ' precious ? 
  you only like it due to sentimental reasons you were persuaded to take as fact . 
   why ? 
  i 'll form my identity around whatever i choose to thank you very much . 
  i 'm stating that i wish to be able to be proud of my nation 's achievements and the concepts which my and others ' forebears laid down their lives for . 
  the state may not give a shit about me as an individual , but that 's the thing , the nation is not the the state , and the state should not be the be-all-and-end-all and should be simply a delivery method for those values and concepts i talked of . 
  therefore it is fully viable , and not at all sad to admire my nation , regardless of the state 's indifference towards me . 
  so you 're taking pride in things you had no hand in doing/creating ? 
  ok . and there are n't any values that your forebears laid down their lives for ( of which there are actually not that many occasions , with an obvious exception being ww2 ) , that are unique to the uk . 
  none . 
  infact most of those values came into being when one group of britons went into conflict with another . 
  take a guess as to what divided the two groups every time . 
  the catalunian independence movement does n't include valencia and the baleares to my knowledge ... 
  hitler himself acknowleged that germany 's liberal free speech laws allowed the nazi movement to grow . 
  pleasantly surprised to find some others . 
  this sub is n't as liberal as r/europe i suppose haha, 
   self-determination oftentimes entail having an elected body of representatives . 
  having a government and self-determination as a nation are n't mutually exclusive you know . 
  if a tyrannical government is holding the people they 're representing at gunpoint , sure . 
  but in a democracy , most of the time that is not the case , and most people - whether they agree or disagree with a particular democratic decision or not , will , in most cases loosely agree with the democratic principles and process . 
  i do n't see how this is relevant ? 
   if you have a disdain for the state and read marx , i 'd assume that you view everyone as equals , or do you prefer your loved ones over people you do n't know ? 
  that does n't sound very egalitarian now does it ? 
  there is nothing that makes me , my mother , or you that makes me inherently better than anyone else . 
  you 're acting like i accept the validity that everything is a competition . 
  i fight for my beliefs , for morality . 
  if a loved one commits evil , i will fight against them . 
  but i know they wo n't , hence why i love them . 
  so your premise is n't sound . 
  picking favourites when a system forces you to does n't mean you condone picking favourites . 
   a bit of a stupid generalisation . 
  these nations are provably non-aggressive especially switzerland , which despite being a hotbed of nationalism ( especially economic nationalism ) and right wing politics has not been involved in a war or conflict of any sort for over 150 years . 
  so basically , you 're demonstrably wrong on that point . 
  if someone claims that their country 's inherently better than others , then yeah thats an aggressive statement . 
  theres nothing about being born with a certain set of political boundries that makes you better than someone else .
