  you could n't have missed my point more, 
  yeah but its bullshit too . 
  meatballs with spaghetti is hardly italian . 
  same with fettuchini alfredo ( whatever that is ) . 
  or macaroni and cheese , and so on ... american perception of pasta is different of italians ' . 
  so an american using pasta to justify their ` italianess ' does n't hold water . 
  stalin was n't russian, 
   i see a lot more fascists and communists between my peers compared to my parents and grand parents . 
  more than our parents yes , but grandparents ? 
  there was a civil war between 1943-45 ... 
  or , since the amanda knox trial ( which seriously no one in italy that i know of gave a shit about ) , and the conviction of the geologists that we 're some medieval theocratic backwards society . 
  sure , whatever you say ... 
  bocconi and politecnico , both in milan , are regarded as amongst the best . 
  i guess they 're the equivalent to oxford and cambridge in the uk, 
  yeah , italy 's the same . 
  the benefits of late unification !, 
  we have a witch who comes around and gives children chocolate and sweets , or even this weird edible sweet coal . 
  its called ` la befana ' . 
  pretty sure its unique to us . 
  as a kid it was great i loved it . 
  this is very true , but not really because of the godfather movies . 
  read what i quoted from you . 
  your proposal to keep wilders in check is exactly what germans did for hitler . 
  lega nord poll at less than 15 % , so not that big . 
  anti-establishment sentiment has flowed through m5s , which is n't far-right ( they 're whatever you want them to be ), 
   i 'd rather have one of the more civil parties joining a coalition with the pvv to keep them acting normal whilst also having a more effective coalition . 
  not to jump to the hitler comparison immediately but ... thats * exactly * what happened in germany in the 30s , what allowed the nazis to get into power and ultimately create a dictatorship ... you wan na take that risk again ? 
  the one thing i 'm not proud of about italians : they really do n't seem to appreciate how good italy actually is in a lot of ways . 
  ironically your comment proves my point as you only listed negative things and no positives ... all countries have flaws , mine too , but i happen to love italy . 
  with the exception of the most recent election in 2013 , i think i 'm right in saying that every national election since the war has had a turnout of at least 80 % . 
  the recent referendum was pretty low by comparison ( 67 % iirc ) . 
  fuck when i was a kid my uncles would pull so hard i would be on the verge of tears lol, 
  the stereotype is poor hygiene in general , although i have n't heard the shower one , the carpets in the bathroom , no bidets , separate taps , baths instead of showers , and just weird showers in general means that british hygiene is considered poor . 
  do n't worry , most people know its mostly stereotype . 
  not having bidets is absolutely considered gross though . 
  this pretty much , berlusconi is actually much smarter than trump ... he managed to somewhat hide what a bastard he was until a couple years into his premiership . 
  yeah sure , i 've seen some restaurants in britain call some of their bread ` focaccia ' but its not the same . 
  italy . 
  in the last eu elections italy was one of the few to not elect far right nationalists . 
  the exception are a couple of lega nord meps , but they 're not italian nationalists . 
  and their influence is n't very significant thankfully . 
  most of the anti-establishment sentiment is being captured by 5 star or si . 
  from an italian point of view , yes and no . 
  it depends on the language . 
  catalan and spanish are probably the easiest to understand followed by french . 
  portuguese and romanian are pretty tough . 
  on the other hand , i 've been told that italian is the easiest to understand by other romance speakers since italian is not spoken as fast . 
  but thats purely anecdotal . 
  when it comes to reading they 're all pretty equal in terms of what i can read . 
  i speak french fluently so i ca n't compare , but reading spanish and portuguese i can mostly understand what is being written . 
  i would add food as well . 
  i feel like only france rivals italy in terms of having * good , healthy * food available everywhere and cheaply . 
  to be fair , i and others i know do say ` mamma mia ' sometimes . 
  but only if its an environment where profanity is n't an option . 
  i did n't go thorough the italian system the * entire * time , but i did do a few years . 
  basically its hard as shit . 
  the end of middle school exam is brutal iirc . 
  at least to a 13 year old . 
  infact its partially because of this that many italians did n't go the university in the past , good grades at the end of your high school career meant you could get a decent job ( in italy , not abroad ) . 
  unfortunately it has n't really been adapted to modern times , it still has a lot of memorisation and not as much development of critical thinking as it should . 
  add to the fact that finding a good-paying job in italy is hard right now ( and remember , the school system is designed for people to work * in italy * ) , theres a problem . 
  so while its still hard , its not as useful as it could be . 
   dialects are basically entire languages that are completely different from each other thats true , but legally they 're not considered languages . 
  it was done so to encourage unity within italy just after the unification . 
  well sardinia did n't feel the destruction of the war i suppose . 
  still , its hardly reflective of the country as a whole . 
  and actually there is a pretty strong argument for ditching the euro ... leaving the eurozone and leaving the eu are different things though . 
   7 ) how eu is seen as a `` trap '' and how many people think that the situation would be better if we did n't join it . 
  also , how many people think that when there was `` him '' italy was better than now with a democracy . 
  ok this one surprised me . 
  where do you live where people talk well about mussolini ? 
  anyway ironically i would say that italians shit on their country too much compared to others . 
  `` oh , this country 's shit , woe is me , its so much better in britain/germany/insert any northern country here '' . 
  when actually , those countries are n't as great as they seem and italy is n't as shit as they think ( no offence obviously to any citizens of those countries , however you are n't heaven on earth ) you addressed it slightly in your last point . 
  not good . 
  nationalism inevitably leads to an ` us ' and ` them ' scenario , which always leads to trouble . 
  the world wars were n't that long ago people ... 
  i kinda speak my local dialect . 
  i learned it from my grandparents when i was a kid . 
  idk how to describe it , its a shortened version of italian i guess ? 
  we also take random words from spanish and french . 
  like we say ` mira ' instead of ` guarda ' ( it means to look ) . 
  whats happened in those 6-8 years ? 
  theres a lot of mutual respect between italy and france , sure , but i feel like spain and italy just ` click ' more . 
  put a spaniard and an italian in a room and they 're likely to get along well . 
  not sure about an italian and a frenchmen . 
  sorry if that did n't make any sense . 
  well if you speak spanish my first instinct is to suggest spain ... in italy and germany you 'll be expected to have a satisfactory grasp on the language . 
  however it is true that doctors and medical-related jobs are in demand in the uk right now , i 'm not sure if hospital administration is one of them but its certainly worth looking into . 
  eh not really ... he at least left us some good stuff like the napoleonic code . 
  if anything austria was more the ` bad guy ' during the wars for independence . 
  we tricked france into helping us . 
  france . 
  they 're the only ones that rival us in food , art , sexiest sounding language , and culture in general . 
  because of it , i do feel like theres a strong sense of mutual respect for each other . 
  they respect us for being better , we respect them for trying . 
  i feel like we make fun of italians from different regions much more than we do other people . 
  in regards to other countries , swiss are weird , austrians snobby , but germans are generally cool ( horrible dress sense though ) . 
  the dutch and germans have a reputation for coming down in the summer and immediately getting incredibly sunburnt ( it applies to every northern country really , but especially those two ) . 
  britain 's admired ( for the most part ) , the french are alright but a bit arrogant .
