  fuck those people who did n't vote tbh . 
  they now have no right to complain about the result . 
  yeah cause london 's the least british part of britain, 
  just look at the obama vs trump one . 
  of course obama 's better than trump ( and certainly more popular in europe ) , but its stupid to say that just because trump takes a side on something its automatically invalid . 
  same goes with obama the other way . 
  also look at [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5u8c99l.jpg ) pamphlet which is being sent around . 
  does n't give any argument for staying , it just tries to get people who dislike farage on their side . 
  they do n't lie as much but they do blur facts a bit sometimes . 
  i think its more the blatant scaremongering . 
  still better than leave thats for sure . 
  well the word holocaust actually meant ( and still means ) massacre by fire , a reference to the crematoriums in the nazi death camps , so it would n't apply to the armenians . 
  genocide is correct though . 
  probably sanders . 
  more isolationist than clinton , but still holds europe in high esteem . 
  he 's against ttip too , which is a big deal . 
  also he 's not insane like trump . 
  i 'm sorry , the guy who wants saudi arabia and japan to have nuclear weapons will ` ease tensions ' ? 
  im surprised at greece . 
  can any greek person perhaps explain this ? 
  when are the troika going to understand that without compromise this will continue for another decade at least ? 
  fuck the mafia , they 're a stain on our country , why is it the first thing that pops in your mind when you think italy ? 
  i 'm sure he would want the eu parliament to be able to introduce legislation for example, 
  liberalism is not leftwing ... 
  personally i think its great . 
  against the liberal establishment , which is needed , but completely opposed to the xenophobic nationalism we 've seen across the west . 
  best of both worlds . 
  i never realised how a show called ` un medico in famiglia ' ( a doctor in the family ) is a reflection of italian society . 
  it makes sense i suppose haha, 
  yep , i 've never touched anything else and i 'm healthy as a fish !, 
  had to google kale ... yeah no thanks . 
  i have to admit you kinda nailed it . 
  i think a lot of italians do n't realise some of the things that happen in italy are pretty unique to it , not just negatively . 
  its interesting to hear a foreigners point of view . 
  [ left-wing nationalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing_nationalism ) , its pretty much just anti-imperialism applied to a single country . 
  its about freedom from oppression ( real or perceived ) and class struggle , instead of military and state domination and strength like normal nationalism . 
  most of the anti-colonial independence movements in the 3rd world during the 20th century were like that . 
  the scottish socialist party is a pretty good contemporary example of it . 
  look up ` fortress europe ', 
   / r/europe is extremely leftist lol ok , well thats not true . 
  this sub is as liberal as they come, 
   yeah , but those are n't necessarily libyans . 
  but theres a good chance they are ... thats the problem . 
  for every person you deny , theres a high chance you 're turning away a refugee and sending him/her to their death . 
  its a catch 22 unfortunately, 
  til the uk is n't in europe ... 
   camp of the saints . 
  did you really just reference one of the most racist books of the postwar era ? 
  fair enough , and its a great message to send to the ps : ` this is who you should be like ', 
  and yet paradoxically most americans support your system which enabled a candidate with minority support to win the presidency ... 
   besides economics which is easily the biggest issue ... 
  because its bullshit, 
  well even if water was n't free , if gas is free then why would you pay more for hot water ? 
  well yeah , but basically you do n't receive a gas bill each month right ? 
  but you 're not paying for the water ... 
  well in norway for example gas is free , so assuming its the same in sweden it would make more sense as there 's no need to measure each individual household 's gas consumption . 
  because tolerating hate speech was the first step in the rise of fascism . 
  in order to be truly tolerant , you ca n't tolerate the intolerant . 
  they still remember what her line of thinking leads to ... 
   marx literally said liquidating certain kinds of people will need to happen too . 
  the only reference to liquidation is used [ in this context ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquidationism ) , in line with leninist theory of the vanguard party coming to an end . 
  but i suppose you 're referring to the murder of major capitalists . 
  marx was * predicting * that since they would quickly resort to violent means ( which we 've seen many many times even today ) to keep their power , the only option would be to respond in kind . 
  its not him condoning it . 
  its not him relishing in the thought of violence . 
  its marx simply making a prediction based on past events about what would need to happen to make a revolution successful . 
   you 're seriously dimwitted . 
  oof , lets not use such harsh language mate lol . 
   also making equivalencies with the english civil war and the french revolution are they not seen as positive events ? 
  were they not violent ? 
  you 're not making any arguments here . 
   leads me to believe you are an internet communist to be quite honest oh no , i 've been caught . 
  lol, 
  to put it simply , mussolini founded fascism , and largely followed through with what he espoused . 
  he came up with the name fascism , and described what it was . 
  hitler founded nazism , a variant of fascism . 
  he coined the term ` national socialism ' . 
  stalin did not found communism , and his actions were not aligned with much of marxist/communist theory . 
  just because he called himself one does n't mean that he is a communist . 
  north korea calls itself a ` democratic republic ' when we all know thats not the case . 
  they follow the ideology of juche , developed by kim il sung . 
  pol pot never even read marx and yet he is wrongly associated with his ideas . 
  mao had his own ideas of socialism which are quite distinct , although many of them never came to fruition . 
  stalin was simply a pragmatist , by the time he had taken control of the ussr he knew he had to appease the party by pretending to be communist . 
  the fact that he advocated for ` socialism in one country ' shows he did not follow true communist ideals , as communism is inherently global and not bound by nationality . 
  its about just calling things what they actually are and not taking everything at face value . 
  if if quacks like a duck and walks like a duck but someone tells you its a chicken , its still a duck . 
  thats a false equivalency if i 've ever seen one . 
  educate yourself , please . 
  fascism considers violence to not only be essential , but crucial in bringing out the ` best of man ' . 
  violent struggle is exhalted . 
  i 'm not making this up , mussolini himself writes this in his * doctrine of fascism * . 
  the only violence in communist ideology is antifascist . 
  the ` proletarian revolution ' is the the single exception of that , but that is to free oneself from oppression . 
  most revolutions are violent , yet are look back on positively , whether it be the french , the american , the english civil war ... oppressors do n't give up power voluntarily , thats why violence is the only path to freedom in some cases . 
  well fuck me , i could 've sworn communism and marxism went hand in hand . 
  and * genocidal * ? 
  do you even know what that word means ? 
  funny you immediately dismiss any evidence or argument i presented to you because of your preconceived notion of what communism is . 
  i get my evidence from marxist and communist literature .
