  do n't try to equate this with trump 's election . 
  its not a left-right issue . 
  its not a pro-eu/anti-eu issue . 
  its a domestic constitutional affair . 
   there 's absolutely no reason italy should n't be on the same league as britain , france and germany . 
  except up until 2008 , italy absolutely was ` on the same league ' . 
  in fact even today italy outperforms them ( especially britain ) in several social indicators ( health being the most notable ) . 
  so you saying theres been ` decades without growth is frankly bullshit ' . 
  italy had a bigger economy than the uk until the mid 1990s . 
  of course since 2008 theres been problems , both new ones and old ones resurfacing . 
  but none of them have to do with the constitution or the things renzi was trying to change . 
  this referendum was a power play to concentrate power into the national government , nothing more . 
  so relax , italy 's voted down constitutional reform several times since ww2 . 
  some things need to change , but the constitution is n't one of them . 
  british media has twisted it into something its not . 
  ah yes , every day italians wake up and think ` man i hope some day we can be in the same league as germany and france ! ' . 
  do n't be condescending . 
  that 's the number one way to get people to vote against you . 
  local government is in most cases always better than centralisation of power . 
  i 'm all for reform , but this was clearly a move by renzi to strengthen his own government . 
  not to mention this is like the 3rd time ( iirc ) since ww2 that italy has voted down constitutional reform . 
  some things need to change , true , but the constitution is not one of them . 
   shame people took this as an opportunity for a political statement , rather than taking the proposed change to the constitution at face value . 
  true , but that 's solely renzi 's fault . 
  him saying he would resign if no won was a stupid move . 
   as far as i understand it , it would 've been an improvement to italy 's democratic process . 
  no offense , but then you probably do n't understand it . 
  it was going to centralise power into the executive and weaken the checks and balances at the national level . 
  senators would become unelected and instead appointed by regions ( which , surprise surprise , makes it more prone to corruption ) . 
  it was also going to ditch provincial governments in the name of ` efficiency ' and putting even more power into the hands of the national government . 
  no thanks . 
  the more local government , the better . 
  if you really think that yes winning this referendum would stop italy 's `` perpetual decay '' ( whatever that means ) , then you need to do more research . 
  i honestly do n't know why people expected yes to win , italy 's rejected constitutional changes like 3 times since ww2 . 
  renzi is hardly left-wing ... 
  i 'm not disregarding his opinion because he 's not italian . 
  i 'm disregarding him because he 's arrogantly assuming he knows more than someone who has likely done much more research into this referendum than he has . 
  after all , it 's italians who will live with this . 
  this referendum was a purely domestic matter . 
  it was foreign media who hyped it up as some sort of vote of confidence in the eu or whatever . 
   crumbling and ridiculously complicated healthcare thats rich coming from an american, 
  nothing , the referendum was on purely domestic matters . 
  nothing to do with the eu . 
  the only reason its been hyped up as such is because the people going against renzi and voting no happen to be eurosceptic . 
  ` let me tell you about your country ', 
  amazing . 
  my own great grandmother turns 103 soon , and she is still lucid and healthy . 
  the stamina of some people is incredible . 
  well you putting it in quotes implied some form of disagreement with the label, 
  oh do n't be ridiculous ... 
  she fucked up the whole of the uk ... too lazy to type it up now but her policies were the bedrock of what would ultimately cause the 2008 crash there , amongst other things . 
  the russian empire kinda ruined itself ... 
  i mean he 's said he 's an admirer of thatcher , who was pretty extreme in terms of her economic liberalism . 
  damn shame too . 
  he certainly puts the ps to shame, 
  true , colloquially we call the whole region ` trentino ' but you 're right . 
  i 've edited the comment . 
  what a great photo of * coughcoughtrentinocoughcough * !, 
  in italy , im gon na guess more with their parents . 
  despite this data for example a lot of people do ` casual unofficial work ' , usually for a family 's business , so its not as bad ad it looks ( still bad obviously ) . 
  this is also backed up by the low homeless rate in italy . 
  well housing and energy are literally most people 's biggest expenses ... a 1 % difference in those prices are far more noticeable than 1 % cheaper/more expensive food . 
  via aurelia is much longer than that ... 
  doubt die linke would be up for that, 
   is cause by us swinging too far to left that anything in the right looks like nazism . 
  the west is generally more right than it was 40 years ago . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  french revolution sparked great change across the world . 
  the next ` french revolution ' would spark great change in even more places across the globe . 
  i do , only for one more year . 
  it makes me optimistic rather than pessimistic ... and it 'll be even more global than last time . 
  the first please, 
  regarding the eu , not really , lets be honest . 
  regarding national governments , its more than possible to sway elections while still being ` free ' . 
  it doesnt necessarily the resulting governents representative or put the populace at fault . 
  huh , well fair enough . 
   it seems that all over the western world the so called `` millennials '' are getting fucked by the baby boom generation dont blame your parents ' / grandparents ' generation . 
  the real blame lies with the ruling class . 
  generational division just benefits them more . 
  i think he meant the uk . 
  really ? 
  my stepfather 's norwegian , i go to oslo all the time . 
  while its definetly not doing badly , there still seems to be a sense that things could be going better . 
  the government opening up the oil fund a little bit more also does n't exactly indicate confidence . 
  of course , relatively speaking , norway 's doing fine . 
  but its still being held back . 
   being divided and lacking any kind of strong narrative/myth about who we are and where we are going . 
  yeah , cause the current path is an incredibly polarising one , and the ones taking us down that road are n't willing to listen . 
  which is stupid . 
  i know your reaction is deliberately exaggerated , but that actually is bullshit . 
  i 'll drink where i want thank you very much . 
  is it not over europe though ? 
  traveling around ( i 've studied in london ) , it really feels like the whole fucking continent has been depressed since the crisis . 
  it may be more acute in italy , but it definelty is n't unique to it . 
  its a problem in our global economic system . 
  campania 's poorer than calabria ? 
  yeah ok this is absolutely useless . 
  i bet you have n't even heard of those leaders , much less know anything about their respective governments . 
  you 're just here to regurgitate liberal talking points without actually doing any research of your own . 
  thats your choice to make , the wrong one may i add , but you 're free to take it .
