  and thats just one of several . 
  lol why do you think it went from ` austrian empire ' to ` austria-hungary ' in the first place ? 
   northern countries  france choose one . 
  france has always been a bit of both , north and south . 
  this thread really proves how unrepresentative this sub is of europe . 
   not really , separatist movements come from perceived oppression and the belief that being separated would be better for the people in general . 
  if you do n't think cultural identity plays a major role ( infact the biggest ) in separatist and independent movements then you need to research some history . 
  seriously . 
   if what you wrote were , once again , switzerland would be completely unstable from all the separatist movements so you 're going to ignore what i 've written then ? 
   switzerland romansh has been declining for years , by the end of the century its probably going to be gone . 
  italian is still spoken there because its the native language of a major country in europe . 
  same goes for french and german . 
  and anyway , switzerland has kept its multilingual traditions * specifically by avoiding political unions such as the eu * . 
   belgium yes , the oh so politically stable country of belgium . 
  come on . 
  i would pose this question to you : how many people still speak walloon ? 
  and again , the french and flemish survive because they are not unique to belgian ( flemish sort of is but not really ) . 
  the only difference that instead of having one language stamp out the rest , its two . 
   most likely no , they wo n't . 
  why would they ? 
  because part of unifying a country is oppressing separatist movements . 
  separatist movements grow out of a percieved unique cultural identity , of which language is a huge part . 
  so you either homogenise your country 's culture , or you allow them to dictate themselves which will inevitably lead to an independence movement . 
  spain is a great example of this . 
   like switzerland ? 
  you mean the country that has specifically maintained a policy of neutrality and is against political unions ? 
  yes , that policy has worked out quite well for them . 
  you 're proving my point . 
  the 3 swiss languages are spoken there and have a presence because they 're the native language of three major countries . 
  look at romansh , its been on the decline for years and by the end of the century will likely be gone . 
  really ? 
  ca n't think of any ? 
  how about spain ? 
  the iberian union ? 
  the uk ? 
  china ? 
  germany ? 
  italy ? 
  indonesia ? 
  new zealand ? 
  the list goes on and on . 
  when countries unify , the grow bigger , and the bigger the country , the more cohesion there needs to be so that it does n't fall apart . 
  language is a massive barrier to cohesion , and is often to first to be removed . 
  200 years ago italy had numerous languages spoken all over the peninsula . 
  many still survive , but are on the decline . 
  wonder why ? 
   we had latin as lingua franka in all of europe without hurting the languages ; ok i 'm sorry you need to study history . 
  you think the rise of latin did n't cause the downfall of any other languages ? 
  * are you serious ? 
   just as much as you are ruling britain/netherlands/germany oh really ? 
  can you give me some policies in those countries that are in place because of greek influence for example ? 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted , if there was full political union in europe , then yes , languages would disappear over time , unfortunately . 
  otherwise it would n't work . 
  history shows us that unions eventually have one culture dominate the other . 
  really ? 
  its pretty telling from the eu 's handling of greece that the northern governments do n't care about the citizens in the south . 
  i think its gypsies . 
  yeah thats all you pay , since in the us prescription drugs are free . 
   anyone could get free emergency room service , regardless of their ability to pay oh wow , * emergency room service * ? 
  thats amaaaazing . 
  so either you wait for small symptoms to get worse enough to justify emergency service or you just go and take space for someone who might actually need emergency service . 
  what a healthy and efficient system . 
  hahaha the belgian one is true actually ... why do they do this ? 
  i would agree with most of the list , although in my experience russians have n't been particularly rude , although sometimes a bit snobby ( cause 90 % of the time its the very rich ones ) . 
  also the dutch ( germans and scandinavians too but to a lesser extent ) need to put on sunscreen more . 
  i swear in summer from a distance you think would think that there are mutant tomatoes walking about . 
  italy does the same , for a long time now . 
  its doable if you make it strictly pragmatic rather than ideological . 
  dont think any of those ` worst leaders ' have done more damage than benito ... 
  depends on the time of year . 
  during summer , daily . 
  if not , still pretty often , but less . 
  it absolutely was n't ... mussolini collaborated , and infact achieved power thanks to rich big business . 
  ` government does stuff ' and left-wing economics are n't interchangeable terms . 
  not to be a dick but ... seriously ? 
  i honestly do n't get what the joke here lol, 
  one feeds the other i think . 
  italians have some weird unrealistic expectations that london for example ( where i 'm typing this from actually ) , is absolutely perfect . 
  so they come here , and obviously while its a nice city for sure , its definitely not perfect . 
  so then that disappointment leads to rants . 
  or maybe its just that italians like to complain , idk . 
  complaining about italy to a ridiculous degree and putting northern countries on a pedestal . 
  except when we 're abroad . 
  so what ? 
  centre-left and centre-right parties take votes from each other all the time , does n't make them the same . 
  fascism and communism share one thing in common , and one alone : they both seek to appeal to the working class . 
  thats it . 
  fill a bottle and leave it overnight . 
  it tastes worse when its been sitting for some reason . 
  no it does n't , it tastes like its been run through rust . 
  go to to dorset , drink the tap water there , then try to tell me with a straight face that london water ` tastes like water ' . 
  london tapwater tastes terrible though . 
  tbh i do n't think our dialects apply to the question he 's asking precisely because they 're so different from each other . 
  i would n't consider zen\u00e9ize and napoletano as the same language . 
  italy and russia have gotten on well pretty much since the war , for varying reasons . 
  russians , the rich ones at least , seem to love italy , and i 'd say italians think russians are alright , if not a bit weird . 
  i ca n't think of any time recently that russia threatened italy ... 
  not every school i think ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  70 years ago , in 1947,
