   the uk left still defends coal mining even though it 's obviously very bad for the environment . 
  you mean that one corbyn quote he mentioned once and never brought up again ? 
  give me a break lol , the british left know that coal mining is dead and gone . 
  thats a straw man and you know it . 
  franco was a piece of shit fascist , who 's country regressed socially and economically under his rule . 
  thats different from a ruler or fighter fighting for a just cause . 
  he oppressed and murdered many of his own people , as well as fighting against the values of freedom and social justice . 
  anyway yes , many of those leaders * did * commit atrocities and are unworthy of respect . 
  many , if not most , roman emperors were pieces of shit for example . 
  to put him in a list which all those other you mentioned is frankly an insult to them . 
  napoleon , peter the great and bismarck are tough to judge . 
  they have an important place in history because of their actions . 
  they deliberately started several conflicts which killed thousands of people ( but they were poor so who cares right ? 
  ) , which yes , makes them murderers and not the infallible leaders some people make them out to be . 
  on the other hand though , their actions did lead to great progress in various areas . 
  it could be argued that that progression would probably have occurred without that bloodshed ... but thats a different discussion . 
  other people you mentioned fought mostly * against * oppression , usually from a neighbouring state . 
  they respected , mostly , values which are comparable to those we cherish today . 
  now they were not perfect men/women , and should never be treated as such . 
  but to say that their ` murder ' was comparable to franco 's is ridiculous . 
  franco killed deliberately . 
  to my knowledge , those other leaders did n't , and those who they did fight against were mostly the aggressors . 
  i would also like to point out that i feel as if a ruler in the 20th century should be held to a slightly higher standard than those of the past . 
   so one does n't deserve a statue when he 's a murderer or a fascist ? 
  of course he does n't . 
  how is this even a question ? 
  america preventing democracy, 
  yes , italy had the largest communist party in the west , and being in a good location geographically and having a strong economy meant that the us did its best to keep them out of power . 
  funding to the christian democrats for example , and theres reason to believe that the first elections after ww2 were pretty much rigged by the cia . 
  personally , i 'm not a fan of that sort of bullshit . 
  yep . 
  i told my friends bidets were rare in britain and they were visibly disgusted . 
  ` what am i supposed to do , shower after every poo ? ', 
  many of them were yes . 
  infact many liberations were done by socialists and communists during the war . 
  it looks like a colourised ww2 photo . 
  insane, 
   you 're right , the u.s. supported right wing dictatorships over even worse communist ones . 
  oh yeah , allende 's chile was such an oppressive and murderous regime ... so was samora michel 's right ? 
  or how about the dictatorships the us supported and * still supports today * that were at no threat from a communist revolution ? 
  saudi arabia maybe ? 
  or how about the overthrow of mohammed mossaddegh in iran ? 
  was that made to protect people from scary communism ? 
  or the muhjadeen in afghanistan ? 
  they were done because the alternative was so bloody right ? 
   wow , you 're the obnoxious type are n't you ? 
   this a hard concept for you to grasp ? 
  why are you being such a dick ? 
  lol thats a pretty weak argument . 
  i do n't support people who kill millions of people , only those who kill * hundreds of thousands * of people !, 
   most of them financed by the soviet union , at least until they decided to publicly denounce it ) . 
  whats your point here ? 
  that they were somehow beholden to the soviets ? 
  because thats absolutely not true . 
  berlinguer survived multiple assassination attempts from the ussr . 
  if you think the pci was/is a fan of the ussr you 're mistaken . 
  poverty ? 
  yes , lets politicise an independence day . 
  thats what we need right now . 
  yeah i honestly did n't know it was religious in origin . 
  money paid to an italian family who owns a business is still better , even if prices are higher . 
  instead of being shipped off overseas , the profits are spent in the local italian economy . 
  and as others have said , i 'm happy with paying a little more to not have our beaches owned by large multinationals . 
  coup : `` you need to resign now ! '', 
  jeremy corbyn : `` nah '' coup : `` oh shit we were n't expecting that '' i think preparing for only one of two options , that option being the easiest one , is a sign of incompetence . 
  but thats just me . 
   they are not a industrial powerhouse we kind of are actually . 
  second to germany in europe i think ( at least until recently ) . 
  we have a pretty big agricultural economy . 
  science and medicine has also been of very high standards too . 
  along with a unique and still in demand luxury/artisanal producing sector yeah we 've gotten pretty damn big overt the decades . 
  it does n't matter how may goods and services are available in the country if no one 's buying them ... a lower corporation tax in this case benefits only one group , and thats the rich . 
  this is designed to keep financial companies in london , who provide services in a specific industry which has no use to your average briton . 
  boosting consumption would have a much more beneficial result for the uk ... its the only reliable way to boost growth , always has been . 
  because uk public service are already currently stretched to the limit , and instead of lowering taxes on lower/middle income people to boost consumption , he 's trying to create a tax haven out of the uk at the expense of the millions of poor people . 
  george osbourne announce the uk 's corporation tax will be reduced to 15 % in the near future . 
  edit : obviously i do n't think this is a good thing , just pointing it out . 
  i 'm sorry , how does china threaten europe militarily ? 
  uh what ? 
  most eastern european countries are in the eu , and those that are n't , there have been plenty of attempts to have them integrated . 
  europe has enough military to defend itself ... do n't flatter yourselves, 
  much , much less than than ukip has made it seem like . 
  if the economy were in good shape and public services were properly funded , no way would britain have voted out . 
   firstly the uk economy is not destroyed it is in good shape is it really though ? 
  sure there 's been economic growth ... but who 's benefitted ? 
  real wages have gone down have years . 
  public services are critically underfunded . 
  homelessness and poverty have increased . 
  income inequality has increased . 
  1 million people are using food banks . 
  however these problems are not caused by immigration , they 're caused by austerity . 
  corbyn himself has talked at length about a migration impact fund created by the government to specifically help areas with the most migration . 
  public services are lacking because of resources , not because of immigrants . 
  immigrants are a net benefit in tax revenue . 
  the economy * is n't * working for your average briton . 
  to say everything 's ok is disingenuous and ignorant of ordinary people 's concerns . 
  it does when your party 's supposed to be pro-worker . 
  theres already a pro-business party in the uk , and its not labour, 
  which is such bullshit . 
  him acknowledging the eu had serious problems but that it was on balance better to stay him puts him much more in touch with the traditional labour base than any of the blairites .
