  he 's said that if reforms fail he 'll do a referendum on leaving the eu , so frexit is by no means guaranteed , but its great bargaining chip . 
  its common knowledge that when entering a negotiation you ask for more than you expect to achieve . 
  he knows that he wo n't get everything , but he hopes for a positive compromise that will reform the eu , which is desperately needed . 
  has the eu undergone * any * significant reform since the lisbon treaty ? 
  even lisbon was n't thaaat drastic . 
  another good thing is that a reformed , less-liberal eu would reduce le pen 's , and her other european counterparts ' , ammunition . 
  i do n't think the eu should dissolve but i 'll be damned if they do n't make it easy to criticise them . 
  oh really ? 
  then why is there a clear correlation between areas where the economy is largely based on agriculture and starvation/malnutrition ? i mean you really think that venezuela does n't have oil and/or is unwilling to trade it ? 
  its pretty obvious you have n't taken a lesson of economics ( or know some of the definitions of basic economic terms ) . 
  how to allocate scarce resources is what economics is all about . 
  also in economics theres no such thing as a ` conservative model of economics ' . 
  its liberal . 
   i was n't aware that i said they did . 
  if someone works hard and gets to a stage where they 're making millions then in my mind they `` deserve '' it . 
  a wage is money given proportionate to the service being provided , if a service is worth x amount , then that persons hourly wage is how much of x can be provided per hour . 
  so yes , someone with a $ 1m yearly wage is , in theory , providing a service worth $ 1m/year . 
  you call me clinically insane , and yet you think a single human being can produce so much value . 
   if you 're suggesting a world where no one is incentivised to earn more money and the free market basically does n't exist , just come out and say that you 're clinically insane you know free markets are a very new thing in human history right ? 
   i 'm guessing people who start up businesses and want to get the majority of the profits just need to accept this wonderful new sort of democracy where the government forces you to allocate the money how they think is fair , regardless of the person who owns the business and created all those jobs in the first place who 's talking about government here ? 
  is democracy linked to the state in your mind ? 
   well most communists ( oh sorry i mean `` socialisttm ) are teenagers who hate their parents so ... oh nice , can you provide the polling you conducted which proves this ? 
  its * physically impossible * for one person alone to produce $ 1m + worth of goods and services per year . 
  so why are they paid that much ? 
  thats not how liberal trade works . 
  thats true , but to say that ` there is nothing to trade for in these countries ' is objectively false to a massive degree . 
   you 're making the game of `` spot the communist '' really easy lol . 
  oh no , my cover is ruined , you got me !, 
   whenever your economic model is `` this group deserves this much and no more than that much '' then you 're doing something wrong . 
  you know that 's * every single economic model ever * right ? 
  thats what an economic model is : one that determines how our finite resources are allocated . 
   they deserve that money because they worked for it no one actually produces $ 1m + worth of goods and services per year ** alone ** . 
  it physically is n't possible . 
   you should n't be the sole arbitrator you 're right , and besides , i do n't want to be the sole arbitrator . 
  i want * everyone * to be the arbitrator . 
  thats what socialism is : democracy in the workplace . 
   your misguided sense of anger towards rich people . 
  hey i 've got nothing against rich people per se . 
  if that were the case i 'd hate my parents . 
  no ad hominems please . 
  you 've completely missed what i was asking . 
   rule number one : never read an article written by the economist, 
  you 're deliberatly presenting as identical in your previous comments . 
  all you 're doing is spreading ignorance . 
  oh fuck off , are you seriously suggesting that if you disagree with the economist you ` do n't understand economics ' ? 
   also both candidates are very bad for the eu and europe in general . 
  melenchon wants to * reform * the eu to make it less liberal and more democratic . 
  is n't that exactly what it needs ? 
  or are you saying the eu is perfect ? 
  plus such reforms would significantly reduce the impact of far-right anti-eu parties . 
  he wants a referendum * if the reforms fail * . 
  firstly i would wait and see the outcome of the german elections first , as i 'm sure he would too if he became president . 
  secondly , the possibility of a referendum is a very strong bargaining chip in favour of getting those reforms , or at least some of them . 
  thirdly , its about damn time someone had the balls to admit the eu has some good stuff , but it * needs * reform , which has been resisted at every point . 
  yes , he wants to * reform * the eu into a less liberal union . 
  something thats really needed and would reduce the ammunition of the anti-eu far-right . 
  regarding nato , france has no use for it . 
  they can leave it for all i care , they 've done it before anyway . 
  history shows that liberalism will always take the fascist over the communist as the fascist is ultimately a pawn to capitalist interests , and a great henchmen to take out communists aka the people they actually fear , they people who want real change . 
  this sub is as liberal as it gets . 
  m\u00e9lenchon goes against that and is an actual threat to it , more than le pen ( in a good way ) , so as liberals , they respond accordingly . 
  well its 90 % actually . 
  but even if it was , what exactly are those earning high 6-figure , 7-figure salaries really doing to deserve that money ? 
  are they really contributing to society in a concrete way ? 
  bruh dont you know , combating climate change , strengthening workers rights and raising the minimum wage will turn france into venezuela , where maduro eats babies for dinner !, 
  except that theres plently of evidence that says that claim is bullshit . 
  in the long-run , raising the minimum wage allows lower-income people to spend more , stimulating local economies and allowing small businesses to grow . 
  and what do small businesses do when they grow ? 
  they create new jobs . 
   some people also claim that a high minimum wage discourage higher education , since they could live comfortably on such a wage . 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  a person is free to not go through tertiary education . 
  true , true , lol definetly not true, 
  are you actually this ignorant ? 
  venezuela has no resources to trade ? 
  not one , vitally important one ? 
  is that why he fought in the congo for its people 's independence ? 
  come on . 
  there are some accounts on him having racist views during his youth , but when he actually had political and social influence , he campaigned vehemently against it . 
  you 're being deliberately disingenuous . 
  edit : replaced a word, 
  melenchon 's priority is to * reform * the eu , not leave it/destroy it like le pen . 
  yeah lol , its only explicitly illegal in very few countries . 
  some countries like italy say its illegal if you 're close to a pedestrian crossing but its never enforced . 
  [ you 're not fooling anyone ... ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:europe_sunshine_hours_map.png ) totally agree with you on the karmawhoring though . 
  ( also fyi i actually am a british citizen through my father so i do know a bit of what i 'm talking about ), 
  tbh i kinda like that we 're mammoni . 
  a lot of people do n't appreciate their mothers ( and fathers ), 
  is jaywalking illegal in germany ? 
  i agree except with the weather one . 
  even in the southeast the weather is * terrible * . 
  we do gesticulate more than most people ( only when speaking italian though , at least for me ) . 
  and we are pretty loud . 
  its worth noting also that a lot of stereotypes are true for some parts of the country and not for others . 
  like most italian stereotypes come from the us , who 's italian immigrants were pretty much all from the south . 
  well we cant shoot at each other anymore , so we have to resolve our differences somehow !, 
  aaaaaand now im on a 90s techno binge ... 
  yeah but we 're much ` better ' at it , more ` sophisticated ' . 
  i always feel sorry for middle school teachers who first start teaching the iliad ... 
  what kind of flawed logic is this ?
