  or maybe , just maybe , jlm was a great oppurtunity to address both the concerns of eurosceptics by having a more social , people based europe and those of europhiles by maintaining the idea of the european project . 
  but no , the eu does n't need any reform right ? 
  give me a break . 
  they kinda are ... what are you talking about ? 
   as an american who has followed marine le pen it surprises me that despite her efforts to reform the party and effectively ban her father it does n't seem to matter . 
  its mattered a lot . 
  this is still the best result in the fn 's history . 
  already more than what marine 's father got in the * second round * in 2002 . 
   i do n't know if i prefer to leave the europe or leave it as it is . 
  i really do n't know . 
  the poor have it bad , and it keeps getting worse . 
  the fn wo n't stop rising with macron . 
  the most terrible has yet to come . 
  this is why m\u00e9lenchon needed to win . 
  exactly , so saying that theres a correlation between a big public sector and low growth is disingenuous . 
  hey i agree with you absolutely . 
  i would have voted for m\u00e9lenchon too . 
  but surely you are against the eu * in its current form * . 
  le pen rejects the concept of the eu completely , m\u00e9lenchon does n't , thats the difference . 
  my point is that macron is unlikely to change your mind over the next 5 years . 
  you completely ignored my point . 
  still miles ahead of any other party, 
  nah , he wo n't do anything to address the concerns of a le pen voter for example . 
  or a m\u00e9lenchon one . 
  except that 40 % of french voters want the eu gone or significantly reformed . 
  macron wo n't do either , so he 's not going to address any of their concerns . 
  liberalism wo n't hold much longer , mark my words . 
  the only thing that would ease my concerns is if m\u00e9lenchon runs again in 2022 . 
  i really dont get it though . 
  hollande has the lowest approval ratings ever seen , so france elects ... the most similar candidate to him . 
  i know . 
  hence she 'll probably win in 2022 , unless m\u00e9lenchon runs again, 
  it means le pen will win in 2 weeks or in 5 years time . 
  lol , macron 's the closest to hollande in the race . 
  what exactly will change ? 
  so its a le pen win in 2017 or in 2022 . 
  great / s, 
  its nothing more than another sign of the erosion of worker 's rights . 
  the state sector is n't whats causing economic stagnation in france ... if it was , then norway for example would be in an even worse spot . 
   technically true , but the eu has been intractable when it comes to monumental and structural demands from single member states . 
  does n't that prove m\u00e9lenchon 's point ? 
  if the eu wo n't reform , it will die . 
  theres a clear correlation though . 
  having business interests while in office are obviously going to affect how you implement your policies . 
  they 're both liberal, 
  the eu is already failing . 
  its why 40 + % of french voters want it gone or significantly reformed . 
  you mention china 's 5 year plans and its laissez faire policy in the same sentence . 
  you realise how oxymoronic that is right ? 
  yeah it was a joke . 
  how you consider m\u00e9lenchon worse than le pen is beyond me . 
  both our countries had our own m\u00e9lenchons and le pens to choose from once , and we made the wrong choice . 
  and yet people like you still think it was right ... 
  reddit is as liberal as they come . 
  the m\u00e9lenchon hate here is but one example of it . 
  so hollande was a good president in your mind ? 
  ok fillon 's bad , but not worse than le pen ... 
   europe the powder cake not to diminish what you 've said , but its powder * keg * . 
  dunno what a powder cake would taste like , 
  cause its the only way to get reform from the eu . 
  how often has a leader like macron promised reform and gotten nothing ? 
  the eu only listen if you threaten their existence it seems . 
  lol idk how about the french revolution ? 
  the most important one of all time ? 
  or the russian revolution ( s ) ? 
  or the wave of revolutions of 1848 ? 
  the november revolution in germany ? 
  or pretty much every postwar independence war ? 
  english civil war ? 
  irish independence movement ? 
  how many right-wing ones were there ? 
  * possibly * the american one , but thats dubious at best . 
  the rise of fascism in italy , germany and spain ( although catalunia had a left-wing one ) i suppose , but then you can see how long they lasted . 
  i guess the iranian one in 1979 counts too . 
  what else ? 
  the cia-supported coups which led to bloodthirsty dictators in the 3rd world ? 
  give me a break . 
  educate yourself . 
   the man wants to reform france and the eu . 
  m\u00e9lenchon does too and yet this sub constantly calls him anti-european . 
  the double standard is ridiculous . 
  theres plenty of french flags at m\u00e9lenchon rallies ... just as much as other candidates ', 
  lol how the fuck are melenchon and le pen the same . 
   why do left-wing politics rise during the ` good times ' and why do right-wing politics rise during the ` bad times ' ? 
  you base your argument off this false premise . 
  are you saying there never been a left-wing revolution in times of economic crisis ? 
  theres been more than right-wing ones for sure . 
  but macron 's the closest candidate to hollande ... 
  so what ? 
  the status quo in the us and uk * certainly * has n't worked . 
  a macron win now will increase the chances of a le pen win in 2022 mark my words . 
  also the guy was hollande 's minister of the economy lmao . 
  how is he not the closest to hollande in the race . 
  yet she keeps mentioning him every other day it seems like . 
  he 's the closest candidate to hollande ... quite similar to him in fact . 
   i would certainly blame my elected officials aswell . 
  i think its reasonable to assume that m\u00e9lenchon , if elected , would wait for the german elections to run their course before starting eu negotiations . 
  yeah , but the comparison is bullshit, 
  why not ? 
  i mean how different is the political knowledge from when you 're 16 to when you 're 18 .
