  if you combine it with a sold civics education in high school its a great way to encourage people to vote early . 
  studies show that those who vote at young ages are more likely to keep voting for the rest of their lives . 
  sounds like the euro is a pretty bad idea then , seeing as it limits how much a government can choose to spend . 
  you could probably post this on / r/skyrim . 
  beautiful !, 
   because every result would fuck over the economies of all the other european countries . 
  how ? 
  sure . 
  centralisation is bad . 
  you need to read up on postwar history . 
  look at latin america . 
  they did it to chile , guatemala , tried to do it to cuba , as well as putting in or supporting financially/militarily right-wing authoritarian governments in brazil , argentina , el salvador , nicaragua , hell most latin american countries . 
  lets not forget about the cia 's involvement in the greek civil war , as well as the funding to the christian democrats in italy so they could beat the communists there . 
  then the ball is in the eu 's court is n't it ? 
  they rejected cameron and got brexit . 
  surely they 've learned from their mistakes . 
  m\u00e9lenchon 's reforms are reasonable anyway . 
  are they significant ? 
  definetly . 
  but thats whats needed right now . 
  he voted for maastricht in 1992 ( le pen would have never done so ) . 
  he likes the eu as a concept , but the current setup is not good . 
  / r/socialism does not like putin ... https://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/56xr6i/comrades_need_your_honest_opinion_on_putin/ stop lying . 
   he is a traitor . 
  i roll my eyes whenever le pen and people like her talk about ` project fear ' , but then liberals say stupid stuff like this . 
  melenchon will have a referendum too after the reform . 
   he voted for the maastricht agreement in 1992 this right here says it all . 
  le pen would have * never * voted for that . 
  so can people please stop saying that their eu stances are the same ? 
  ok i do n't have time to respond to everything you 've said , but i can already tell you have n't done your research . 
  horseshoe theory has been throughly discredited , its not even discussed in political science . 
   if need be he will sabotage it by making highly unreasonable demands , just like david cameron did . 
  yeah and then what happened ? 
  maybe the eu will listen more this time . 
  liek i said , the ball is in ** their ** court . 
   the eu is a liberal organization aligned with the us . 
  which is by far the worst part about it . 
  no more liberalism , no more subservience to the us , but cooperation instead . 
   melenchon is anti-liberal , anti-nato , good . 
  liberalism is falling apart , and france has no use for nato . 
  it has no threat near any of its borders and has its own independent nuclear arsenal . 
  are you forgetting that france left nato at the height of the cold war , when russia was a far bigger threat than it is now ? 
   anti-american , pro-russian , american in the imperialist sense , like me and any reasonable person would be . 
  he 's not pro-russian , he resents putin for jailing political opponents for example and has said so several times . 
  do you actually know any of m\u00e9lenchons proposals for eu reform ? 
  or are you spouting off talking points ? 
  he does n't ... read his policy on the eu . 
  he wants significant reform to make it more pro-worker and pro-environment , and would only launch an eu referendum if he gets nothing . 
  so its up to the eu : either they compromise and agree to some reforms ( which the eu * desperately needs * ) , or they say no and risk destroying themselves . 
  the ball is in their court , not m\u00e9lenchon 's . 
  well whats your evidence that a m\u00e9lenchon presidency will end europe as a significant power ? 
  do you even realise the gravity of that statement ? 
  if you do not have any then it is in fact baseless . 
  and thats all it is . 
  speculation . 
  horseshit thats been discredited long ago . 
  can people stop making these baseless statements ? 
  it reduces your credibility even more . 
  its given her a huge boost ... 
  so wait , wanting to reform the eu , stop locally damaging free trade deals and withdrawing from nato makes you ` isolationist ' ? 
  are those the prerequisites ? 
  ceta 's basically a ` ttip-lite ' which was horrendously unpopular throughout europe , and for good reason , ones which have already been discussed to death . 
  france has zero use for nato . 
  it has no immediate threat near any of its borders , european or otherwise , as well as its own independent nuclear submarine system . 
  its left before , * in the height of the cold war * , where the ussr was a far bigger threat than anything we face today , and it did absolutely fine . 
  stop this fearmongering . 
  as you said * potentially * withdraw from the eu . 
  the eu desperately needs reform , there has n't been any since the lisbon treaty . 
  this pro-business liberalism the eu has been encouraging has ended up with people supporting people like le pen . 
  not only would a more ecological , pro-worker eu be better for you average citizen , it would make a le pen presidency in 2022 far less likely . 
  i like the concept of the eu , but the people in charge of it and the die-hard supporters like you * really * make it so much harder to defend . 
  and anyway , even if he gets nothing , he 'd still call for a referendum . 
  again , stop the fearmongering . 
  considering that macron is the closest to hollande , thats not so unlikely, 
  all the polls show melenchon beating le pen by more or less the same margin as macron . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017#m.c3.a9lenchon.e2.80.93le_pen if anything , a macron victory this year will make a le pen victory in 2022 more likely . 
  he is n't on a wage ... and anyway , he did n't create the thing single-handedly . 
  weird example . 
  as well as the mistake you 've highlighted , they should mention that the top marginal rate he wants to impose in 90 % , not 100 % . 
  * time * is pretty liberal honestly , so it makes sense that they would n't love m\u00e9lenchon . 
  we call that russian salad !, 
  yep . 
  the english name too . 
  ` nether ' means at the bottom , or below . 
  how likely is that ? 
  if he wanted to immediately leave , he would just say so . 
  le pen proves that that position is n't exactly unpopular . 
  russia does n't align 100 % with us interests ... liberal media plays a role . 
  liberalism in general actually . 
  look up the concept of cultural hegemony by antonio gramsci . 
  france has no immediate danger near any of its borders , and an independent submarine nuclear weapons program . 
  i do n't think that cooperation with the uk or the us requires nato membership as a prerequisite : i mean just look at japan or saudi arabia . 
  exactly . 
  i think melenchon 's reforms would make a le pen victory much less likely in 2022 . 
  if macron is elected i would put her chances of victory much higher in 5 years time . 
  melenchon on putin : `` i am absolutely opposed to his policies and if i were russian , i would n't vote for his party but for my russian left wing comrade , who is in prison '' he 's not ` cozy with russia ' , just not rabidly anti-russia . 
  and france has no benefit in being in nato . 
   he does n't like the eu as it is now and is ready to try to force a frexit if he does n't get his way , which is terrible in itself . 
  i do n't get this criticism . 
  you 're essentially admitting then that the eu is impossible to reform .
