  spain 's fine , the portuguese took latin and made a language with fucked up pronunciation , nordics are respected . 
  romania is gypsyland , albanians are violent , other balkan states we do n't really have an opinion on . 
  russians are generally liked , although come and buy up a lot of property and occupy fancy areas , which is a little frowned upon , but people like putin for some reason ( italy and russia have historically always been close ) . 
  there are n't any real rivalries ( at least from my perspective ) , like i see in other comments here , unless we 're talking about football . 
  i might just be ignorant though . 
  like i said , all i mentioned before pales in comparison to what we say about each other . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking ... if someone from a developing nation meets the immigration requirements and does n't break the law , then that person is eligible to move in , and probably will . 
  i do n't think people have a problem with that . 
  whether thats a * right * , well i suppose that depends on your definition of it . 
  if moving to a richer country means that the person 's basic human rights ( safety , food , water , shelter , basically the stuff in the un charter ) , then i guess so , but that is rarely the case . 
  the two main northern irish parties . 
  sinn fein is republican ( meaning they want a unified ireland ) and are more left wing . 
  the dup is unionist ( meaning they want n. ireland as part of the uk ) and is very right-wing . 
  you can see that they would n't get along . 
  very . 
  towns/provinces even have their own dialects which vary greatly , basically making them languages in their own rights . 
  then there 's the food , economies ( north/south being the most obvious split there ) and a myriad of varying local customs . 
  certain areas are more ` regionalistic ' than others , and while obviously the country is n't on the brink of civil war i think its safe to say italy is n't quite as unified as other countries are . 
  remember , italy only came into being in 1861 . 
  i guarantee you california uses way more ac than italy , and they have comparable climates . 
  compared to the us , yes . 
  obviously many homes have it , but often its just in the bedroom to keep it cool at night . 
  there was a pretty big heat wave in 2003 i think which convinced a lot of people to buy one . 
  however its a lot less necessary as houses here are built to stay cool during the summer . 
  they do n't elsewhere ? 
  thats different . 
  the italian states of old had a lot more in common than modern european states have today . 
  watch football and be at the appropriate level of decibels . 
  portugal and spain dont have the vatican within its borders though . 
  still , you do n't have to be religious to be prime minister . 
  i 've never heard renzi mention god . 
  gay marriage might take a while but itll happen soon i think . 
  in italy generally the more south you go the more important catholicism becomes . 
  however i would say that the most devout catholic here is not as religious as the most devout protestant in the us . 
  most people are ` passive ' catholics , meaning that they respect the church and its institutions and celebrate basic christian holidays while believing in god , they wo n't go to church on sundays or anything like that . 
  baptising your child is just seem as ` the thing to do ' . 
  not much thought is put into it , its more cultural than religious . 
  americans seem to exaggerate european hate speech laws to be honest . 
  only in extreme and blatant instances are they put into effect ( to my knowledge at least ), 
  isnt the tea party part of the republican party ? 
  and the us libertarian and green parties are n't major parties , lets be honest here . 
  then elect people who know their shit . 
  you had a chance with sanders . 
  my point is that puritanism has had a significant influence on american culture , while puritanism only existed briefly in england and no where else in europe . 
  french sometimes do to be fair . 
  makes sense , they 're only part barbarian . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being serious or not . 
  did you not study puritan literature in school ? 
  even i did and i went to an international school . 
  read some puritan literature from the time and you 'll see major themes still lingering in american culture ( only when working is one truly living , wanting religion in government , `` in god we trust '' , trust no one , extreme individualism , etc ), 
  but it does work ... the rest of the 1st world is proof of that . 
  but anyway you 're missing the point . 
  in america it seems like every time a regulation or government program is formed , its perceived as totalitarian . 
  the only case in which it seems somewhat justified is policing but thats another matter . 
   nationalism is a bad example , americans are extremely paranoid about the government , so they 're `` nationalism '' is more patriotism `` we hate our government , but love our country . '', 
  come on , america is n't nationalistic ? 
  give me a break . 
   ( before you say trump telling people to do similar things , that is 1/3 of the party and that is a small fraction of the country . ), 
  so even if america at large was majority right wing , stuff like that in europe historically usually would n't happen . 
  we 're talking about the republican party no ? 
  so why ignore trump ( or cruz for that matter ) . 
  on borders , europe has a thing called the schengen agreement . 
  all countries ( which is n't every european country ) in this agreement basically have open borders with each other , which means no passports are needed . 
  however , britain is not part of schengen as it is an island . 
  however , it is part of the eu , which means that it does have to accept eu citizens ( they do need a passport in this case ) . 
  ukip , the party i mentioned before , want to leave the eu to `` take back control of their borders '' ( a slogan of theirs ) and reduce immigration . 
  when you say they want immigration to be legal well ... legality is dependent upon who 's in government . 
  you really think the gop will make legal requirements easier ? 
  in short , because countries here were n't founded on puritan principles . 
  on the topic of totalitarian dictators ... its because we know what totalitarianism actually looks like to know that having universal healthcare does n't mean the government is stripping away our rights somehow . 
  totalitarianism is a bit more than that . 
  besides , american government is big as well , just in different ways so that more americans do n't even realise . 
  ok i 'll try to give a somewhat serious answer . 
  firstly , believe it or not , europe is not a single country , and each country has different politics . 
  with that being said , i guess one would find more resemblance ( although still little ) to american politics in the uk than anywhere else . 
  i guess ukip ( or at least the more free-market sect of it ) would be the closest thing to the republicans you would find there . 
  border control , nationalism , more right-wing socially , etc. 
  in italy i ca n't think of any to be honest . 
  like others have said , they 're perceived as absolute madmen . 
  i ca n't think of any socially conservative and fiscally liberal parties in the rest of europe , or at least not any notable ones . 
  even national front in france or golden dawn in greece are protectionist and state-minded when it comes to economics . 
  but yeah , republicans are madmen , a big part of what makes your politics a bit of a joke . 
  mostly just music . 
  not sure if you 're serious , but you 're gon na have to by waaaaaaaay more specific than that . 
  what are your criteria ? 
  what do you enjoy ? 
  is weather a factor ? 
  do you speak any other languages ? 
  believe it or not , there is no country named europe . 
  dont forget the shetland islands, 
  yeah thats true , my bad, 
  honestly its completely up to you . 
  all those countries are great options where you 'll have a good time . 
  i will say that denmark is generally the more expensive one out of those , with france/belgium probably being the cheapest . 
  however , if you only speak english then you might be more comfortable in denmark since virtually everyone speaks english fluently there . 
  i 'm italian . 
  no one cares about it here , we have greater things to worry about ( i heard about through reddit ) . however , when it is brought up , the general consensus is that she was at least somehow involved . 
  well rome is n't considered part of the north ... however , like i said i 'm not from there . 
  i do know of saltinbocca , which is a very typical dish specific to rome . 
  basically its scallops cooked with ham , wine , butter and sage ( there might be a couple of other ingredients but those are the main ones ) .
