  ever heard of critical thinking ? 
  you should try it sometime . 
   granted , polish is not a race but this is considered the largest ethnic shooting and deportation action during the great terror campaign of political murders in the soviet union , orchestrated by nikolai yezhov . 
  people were killed because of their nationality . 
  oh please , stalin was a brutal oppressor , he was n't a communist in the slightest . 
  infact he turned the ussr into a [ state capitalist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_capitalism ) society . 
  a counter-revolutionary you might say ? 
   did you have any history lessons about eastern europe in school ? 
  do you consider hungary 1956 to be a facist revolution ? 
  have you ever read * any * communist literature ? 
  who else is hated on ? 
  you also realise that the hungarian revolution was compromised of worker 's councils seizing local control right ? 
  its almost as if they were communists ... recognising that the soviets had fallen far from what they espoused to be . 
  maybe your school curriculum should include that part . 
  the ussr is n't a model used for communism by any real communist . 
  class struggle is simply an observation . 
  capitalism * creates * class struggle , and so the hate that comes form that is , by the transitive property , created by capitalism . 
  what a socialist revolution would be is the final , ultimate struggle , ending class struggle and thus ending the hate it creates . 
  revolutionary catalonia, 
  when has communism been racist ? 
  the only hate a communist feels is towards fascism . 
  not to the ones who currently * own * capital . 
  big difference, 
  well some people have a genetic predisposition to nicotine addiction , so i guess you 're unlucky in that sense . 
  i also made sure never to get to a point where i was smoking more than 6 or 7 in one day . 
  i think everyone has their own ` point of no return ' where if you start smoking a certain amount it suddenly becomes a lot harder to stop . 
   but in the end it were said angloamericans who saved you , otherwise it would have been the russians it was due to western apathy , encouragement even , towards hitler and mussolini 's rise that there was even a war in the first place . 
  you make a big assumption there . 
  yugoslavia was n't soviet dominated , they largely liberated themselves . 
  like in italy , the partisan movement is underrepresented in modern views of the war , for some reason the french resistance is more famous . 
  i wonder why ? 
  do you know what was the first step in overthrowing mussolini ? 
  labour strikes organised by communist trade unions in march of 1943 . who liberated naples , milan , venice , and genova ? 
  the partisans . 
  like i said earlier , the italian partisan movement was almost as strong as the yugoslav one . 
   i think facism and communism share exactly the same bad core : they are both totalitarian ; there is a small ruling elite , who thinks it has found the stone of wisdom , and everything else has to subordinate and the results will always be the same . 
  have you even read the wikipedia articles on [ fascism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism ) and [ communism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communism ) ? 
  please do , because frankly anyone with a minimum of knowledge would know that communists aim to establish a * classless , stateless * society . 
  the exact opposite of what you think . 
   nazism led to the holcaust , sure , but i do n't think it was inherent to facism . 
  anti-semitism was absolutely central to nazism , which is just a variant of fascism with more emphasis on race . 
  all fascist leaders have brutally oppressed some form of minority , its central to its ideology . 
  the holocaust is just the biggest one . 
  mussolini 's men committed numerous atrocities in east africa , but that had nothing to do with race right ? 
  give me a break . 
   btw i 'm not polish but from hesse , germany . 
  oops my bad , a certain subreddit has made me think that flag is the polish one haha, 
  sure . 
  it was n't communism that destroyed my country . 
  infact it was communist partisans who bravely stood up to the regime and sacrificed themselves while liberals stood idly by . 
  it was the communists who took an active role in the war while liberals just waited for the angloamericans to save them . 
  communists liberated most of italy 's biggest cities with the exception of rome . 
  italian communist partisans were the second most successful partisan movement against fascism during the war . 
  you know who were the only ones more successful ? 
  the yugoslav communists . 
  as a pole you may disagree . 
  but i 'm not here to defend stalin . 
  i 'm pointing out how communism inspired people to take action against evil in my country , and in many others too . 
  maybe you should read the article . 
  it was n't a one time thing joking about the salute . 
  lmao , have you even read any of mussolini 's works ? 
  racism is n't necessarily part of fascism , but violence and conflict definitely are . 
  no i would n't . 
  because , again , the italian constitution is explicitly antifascist , and not anti-communist . 
  hell , the republic was basically founded by socialist and communist partisans who had liberated the country . 
   example marlboro red now is like 5 $ the packet still cheaper than most of western europe . 
  italy 's $ 5,60 in some places and the uk is close to 10 pounds . 
  it says * daily * . 
  i smoke occasionally , rarely two days in a row . 
  a lot of my friends are like me too . 
  i know its anecdotal , but i feel like the numbers here are fairly accurate . 
  i admit i did n't expect it to be lower than france though . 
  let me add a bit of historical context . 
  the current italian constitution , which police are sworn to protect , was specifically designed to be antifascist . 
  by supporting fascist ideals and figures , they are going against their commitment of being good policemen . 
  i 'm surprised they have n't been fired honestly . 
  good . 
  i do n't care where you 're from , fascists should not be given * any * honour . 
  spain thinks * we 're * the least trustworthy ? 
  you 're right , but i do n't see how someone voting for melenchon would not prefer hamon over fillon or le pen . 
  i mostly like him but melenchon should probably drop out . 
  i ca n't blame him for not wanting to seeing how the ps has mistreated him in the past , but its increasingly looking like the only way to get a proper left-wing social democrat ( hamon ) into the second round . 
  if you actually think le pen is less far right than hamon is far left you need to educate yourself . 
  we eat cold pizza a lot , especially in the summer ... 
  fungus ( mold ) does, 
  honestly i bet if you asked this 10 years ago i would n't have been surprised if it was in the 50s . 
  support for gay rights has increased dramatically in most western societies in the past few years , but i feel in italy especially so . 
  give it 5 more years . 
  yeah cause they would love him if he were straight / s, 
  didi n't this guy say he was an admirer of margaret thatcher ? 
  no thanks, 
  the government has injected money into the south since the war pretty much continuously . 
  * a lot * of money . 
  bad honestly the euro really does n't help ... i would n't vote for italy to leave the eu , but i would strongly think about leaving the eurozone . 
  well italy is a net contributor to the eu ... so i 'm not sure what your point is here, 
  well considering italy imports a lot of energy from france , having more energy production in italy could allow france to export its own to other parts of europe ... theoretically at least . 
  yeah spending significant time in the uk i struggle to see how there 's so little difference between us and them . 
  food feels way more expensive compared to back home , and i 'm not even from the south . 
  food 's even cheaper there . 
  [ too lazy to google huh ?
