the fact that he 's actually talked and addressed these issues is already a step forward to be honest , for italy at least . 
  also just the fact that he 's placing importance on the italian youth and is himself quite young ( by italian politic 's standards ) is a refreshing change of pace . 
  even if he does n't completely fulfil his promises , he 's already made some progress by being such an unorthodox figure . 
  those are exceptions though, 
  it seems like those bases are leftovers from the cold war , what with germany being split and italy having a strong communist party . 
  i agree , they should focus more on eastern europe , that region is almost treated like its ` already lost so not worth defending ' . 
  he 's a blairist aka centrist at best . 
  renzi is n't that left-wing ... 
  yes true , but note that the voting system has changed as well, 
  well we have a coalition in government right now so ... 
  they were holding hands , but it was obvious that they were gay anyway . 
  where in italy are you from ? 
  i 've seen gay couples in public before and people did n't seem too bothered about it ... i completely agree on the `` its ok if i dont see it '' attitude , but that can honestly be a good thing . 
  if people ` dont care ' then theres little argument against marriage . 
  also we do at least have bills currently being considered in parliament , so we might at least have civil unions ... i agree with your sentiment , but i do think it is a bit exagerated, 
  eh , i would n't go that far . 
  when tourists come i find that people are pretty eager to ` show off ' what english they know . 
  also people do recognise that outside of italy italian is pretty useless, 
  on the mafia thing : was frustrates us is how the mafia are always jokingly referred to around us , as if we condone it , as is we all tolerate those pieces of shit who 's bosses live like rats underground , too consumed in their tiny bit of power that they ca n't even risk seeing the light of day . 
  what are people trying to say when joking about it ? 
  our police force fights against them 24/7 ( its why italy has a large force ) , and we as italians obviously hate them as well . 
  joking about spaghetti gets tiring , but in the end its harmless , the mafia is n't . 
  so if i had a different flair what i said would be more valid ? 
  what are you saying here ? 
  not really on the second one . 
  while mussolini was no doubt a bastard , he was n't an anti-semite . 
  participation in the holocaust was only done once northern italy was occupied by the germans , and even then the amount of jew killed was one of the lowest in europe . 
  wow thats low . 
  why isnt it higher ? 
  japan identifying germany mostly with its ww2 actions ? 
  pot calling the kettle black much ? 
  gadaffi expelled all the italian migrants from libya , and the ones in eritrea and somalia fled because of local wars, 
  he 's an italian version of blair , part of that being very pro-eu, 
   sweden will become a failed state by 2025 lol sure, 
  you 'd rather have a fascist in power than the current situation ? 
  genocide 's the only form of oppression ? 
  thats what , 100 out of 60 million people ? 
  stalin ranks highly in polls of great russian men in russia ( even though he was georgian ) . 
  the same is definitely not true in italy for mussolini . 
  tell that to the catalans and the basques, 
   how many people still love mussolini in italy love is a strong word ... most people who lived through his regime limit themselves to ` it was ok , at least we were safe and there was order ' . 
  not really fervent admiration which you see in the stalin photo . 
  its not just about facts , its also about perception . 
  stalin is * percieved * by many russians to have raised living standards significantly . 
  like many things , probably true but very exaggerated . 
  fair enough , but the economy exploded ( in a good way ) under stalin . 
  obviously most people missed out many of the benefits , but there was still a noticeable improvement in quality of life . 
  how much stalin played a role in that is very debatable , but to your average russian it was thanks to him . 
   ( look at london sharia districts ) ah , the good ol ` london is now a muslim city ' myth . 
  the causes of ww1 were waaaaaay too long-term and complex to be blamed solely of one country , do n't be silly . 
  every european country back then participated in the culture of imperialism and gunboat diplomacy , which is what made the war ultimately inevitable . 
  sure , wilheim ii was an idiot who undid all of bismarck 's work , but he only hastened its arrival . 
  wwii i think is fair to blame on the germans , but also partially on the stupidity of the allies in crippling the 2nd most powerful european nation and not expect consequences . 
  but it was . 
  germany for example was connected with pretty much all of europe economically . 
  look what happened when the allies crippled it after ... 
  im obviously not a fan of stalin ( to put it lightly ) , but for those saying how stupid russians are need to see it from their point of view . 
  for russians ( not ukrainian , baltic , or any other ex soviet minority ) who were n't sent of to gulags are executed ( which is a long list ) , life * did * improve under stalin . 
  remember , before him and lenin you had a shitty oppressive tsar who was sending people to die in a senseless war , standard of living was waaaaaaaaay below any other european country , and the economy was still based almost solely on agriculture ( and still there were food shortages ) . 
  lenin , and subsequently stalin changed a lot of this for many russians . 
  life was still pretty shitty , but not as shit as before . 
  under him , the ussr became the 2nd most powerful country in the world . 
  not to mention that he ` defended the motherland ' in the face of the nazi invasion . 
  throw in some constant brainwashing and indoctrination , lack of education , and being unable to see life outside of your country , you 're gon na see a lot of people praising him . 
  a strong right-wing response is needed !, 
  its never done us any harm before !, 
  it probably counts the citizens . 
  so refugees arent taken into consideration . 
  just a guess, 
  libya was un backed too . 
  un resolution is good to have , but frankly a bombing campaign is not enough . 
  if you are going to get involved militarily , then do n't do this half-measure and put a un peacekeeping coalition force on the ground , in conjunction with a political solution involving all relevant nations ( including iran and russia ) , and a throughout investigation at isis ' funding . 
  this measure alone will not make us safer . 
  most of that territory is useless desert . 
  mosul is still an iraqi stronghold , and bombing will not change that . 
  is it not more effective and less dangerous to stop their funding instead by working with local states ? 
  this is exactly what happened with libya , just bomb bomb bomb with no plan . 
  what has bombing isis in iraq achieved ? 
  virtually nothing . 
  infact , isis has become more dangerous since that campaign started . 
  the fact is that every mp who voted yes is partially responsible for any civilian casualties from these strikes . 
  same as it was with iraq . 
  back in 2003 mi6 told blair that invading iraq would threaten british lives , and 2 years later 52 londoners died . 
  i do n't disagree , but when a british air strike destroys a neighbourhood we ca n't be suprised when those now homeless people join isis . 
  pretty much . 
  way to give more ammunition to the isis propaganda machine, 
  haha i 'm sure many tried speaking even worse english with you though . 
  its always appreciated when someone tries learning italian cause we know thats its one of the least useful languages in the world unfortunatley, 
  turkey has oppressed the kurds for a very long time now , going way back before the pkk even existed . 
  saying that turkey only fights the pkk is a lie . 
  yes , but its hard to be sympathetic towards turkey when they 've been oppressing the kurds much longer than the pkk has been around . 
  the pkk came as a reaction , not unprovoked . 
  for like 10x the price and dealing with risky people . 
  also worth pointing out that many shooters in the us had severe social issues . 
  you think that they 'd have the courage to go looking for guns on the black market ? 
  please . 
   many leftists subscribe to the idea that democracy naturally caters to the rich , so they oppose it . 
  they do n't oppose democracy , they oppose capitalism . 
  for the reason you stated . 
  theres a reason ww2 is known as the ` great patriotic war ' in russia ...
