  its two desires , the abolition of borders and the abolition of capitalism . 
   i guess the excusers of mussolini say the same about hitler . 
  they absolutely do . 
  some of the portugeuse comments here are worrying . 
  replace salazar with putin and this post would be downvoted heavily . 
  smh this sub is full of hypocrites . 
   as a marxist you 're far closer to a nazi than i 'll ever be lol, 
   post-world war 2 he was terrible . 
  pre-world war 2 he was good . 
  funny , you occasionally hear that about mussolini here ... does n't make it true though . 
  a guy who 's also said ` the president 's authority shall not be questioned ' regarding the travel ban . 
  their method of * protesting * is * rioting * . 
  hence making them protesters and rioters . 
  you 're making them out to be mutually exclusive . 
  they are n't . 
  ffs this sub does n't even care for basic definitions . 
  protester : a person who publicly demonstrates opposition to something it does n't make a distinction between violent or nonviolent . 
  a violent protester is still a protestor . 
   maybe g20 should institute a policy that if riots like this occur , the host country is banned from hosting further meetings for 20 years or so . 
  that might get people to act more responsibly . 
  what a great incentive for host countries to let these riots happen you realise how much of a pain it is for a city to hold these summits ? 
  is n't it funny how the first response talks about how this happens ` because anarchists stay in their social circles ' ( they dont ) , and yet anyone who does n't follow liberal dogma gets downvoted to oblivion ... 
  maybe its possible to be both ? 
  crazy i know, 
  space, 
   but another big problem is that there is a poverty in the city , around the city centre especially , bingo . 
  its always poverty and economic malaise that causes social tensions . 
  cultural differences are made to be cohesive if the country has a strong and fair economy . 
  aircon is n't that common here though . 
  our buildings are designed to stay cool themselves . 
   but they did n't all banish homosexuals to forced labour camps . 
  is n't that what prisons essentially are ? 
  because in the 60s you could very much go to prison in the uk for example . 
  so you didnt listen to it . 
  dont speak of things you dont know, 
  not what he said at all . 
  you did n't even listen to the speech i 'm guessing . 
  we 've had good relations with the russians waaaay before berlusconi . 
   russia sure isnt seen as a friend here maybe not a friend , but much much warmer than any other major european country . 
  yeah , thought it was too good to be true that there 'd be some front du gauche in there, 
   l feel like britain is probably among one of the most left wing european countries lolno . 
  some of its cities are sure , but the uk as a whole is definetly more right-wing than the rest of western europe . 
   we just had a referendum to improve governability but it failed . 
  lets not try to distort what the referendum was about . 
  its kinda weird in a nice to see places that are only a 30 minute drive away from where i was born on reddit !, 
  but yeah , shout out to my fellow liguri, 
  their leader 's useless , and they 're for a 2nd referendum ( on the terms of brexit but still ) . 
  ... i honestly do n't know what to say . 
  are you being serious ? 
   so in the future unless we all have free phd 's we wo n't be able to compete ? 
  to go along with that argument , i need 15 years of formal education ( under bologna system ) to barely count in the labor market ? 
  unfortunatel yes , its going to come to that and thats one of the impacts of automation . 
  automation is going to render half the workforce unemployed in 50 years , and yet our current economic system is completely unable to deal with that . 
  until then , in lieu of universal basic income and , frankly , a turn away from capitalism , no uni fees are the best way to deal with it in the short term . 
  its not nearly enough though . 
  ok lets break them down . 
   despite an increasing population during the 1948-1994 nationalised rail period , rail travel decreased from 1 billion to 750 million journeys per year . 
  of course , the availability of cars , and other forms of transport ( more buses ) had an impact on this , but ; you answer it for me here . 
  obviously rail has seen a decline in use * across the world * , private or not , due to changing economies . 
  this is nothing notable and i do n't know why you included it . 
   rail use started increasingly dramatically at the same point in time the rails were privatised again ( 1994 ) , and there are now 1.75 billion journeys made a year . 
  fair enough , i would n't draw too many conclusions from that though . 
   subsidies per journey have halved since privatisation [ this is misleading ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impact_of_the_privatisation_of_british_rail#/media/file:uk_rail_subsidy_1985-2014_ ( in_2014_prices ) . png ) , rail subsidies are about the same level now as they were in the early 90s , before privatisation . 
   not including infrastructure costs , britain 's railways actually give a net income to the government , with 11 out of 21 franchises giving more money back to the government than they take ( according to a 2015 report ) . 
  according to a 2016 report , one franchise , south west trains , is even a net contributor after infrastructure maintenance is taken in to account . 
  again , these statistics are absolutely useless . 
   according to a 2013 eurobarometer survey , and probably to the surprise of many people in this subreddit , satisfaction of uk railways is among the highest in europe . 
  it 's also statistically the safest network ( per journey ) in europe . 
  i assume you 're referring to [ this report ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/flash/fl_382a_en.pdf ) . 
  firstly , 2013 is pretty dated , especially considering whats happened with train services since then , but i could n't find a more recent one after 10 minutes of google so whatever . 
  secondly , like you said , customer satisfaction is ** among ** the highest . 
  the other countries near the top have public railways , so privatisation can not be concluded as the factor for high satisfaction . 
  thirdly , the report leaves out a significant factor for most people which is cost . 
  i highly doubt that if that survey was done today with cost being asked about , that the ratings would be that high . 
  honestly the fact that cost is n't even taken into account really limits the conclusions that one can draw from that report . 
   total rail share of journeys taken in the uk was around 18 % before nationalisation , 5 % at the end of nationalisation , and 10 % today . 
  again , the share started increasing at the same point in time when privatization started . 
  again , this is more to do with changing economies . 
  the early 90s was when the tertiary sector really started to boom as manufacturing fell , so obviously you had greater urbanisation , which leads to more people commuting to work by train . 
  you see similar statistics in many western countries , whether the rails are private or public . 
  there 's no evidence that if the trains had not be privitised , those statistics would be different . 
  they 'd be pretty much the same . 
   rail prices ( per person per km ) have increased since privatization , but at the same rate , if not slightly slower than they did during the british rail period . 
  [ this claim is dubious at best ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21056703 ) . 
  here 's [ another report . 
  ] ( http://www.orr.gov.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0018/21591/rail-fares-index-january-2016.pdf ) infact i would like to see your sources , because the bbc article specifically mentions how there are no available statistics for fares/per kilometre as you claim . 
   finally , lots of people like to say that nationalized rail has been successful on many countries on the continent ( with much more use ) ; but the same people also like to point out that many of our rail franchises are subsidaries of those same national rail companies . 
  so it could be argued that privatization has allowed the rail network to be run by those successful rail companies , thus improving conditions . 
  so you 're admitting then that publicly owned rail companies are better at running train services , and the reason for british rail being mediocre was the uk government 's fault , not the concept of nationalisation itself . 
  well it 'd be a bit cheaper if the state could reap some of the gains of proving a rail service without al the profits being siphoned off . 
  much more efficient that having a corporate middleman, 
   not including infrastructure costs , britain 's railways actually give a net income to the government , lmao what a joke of a statistic . 
  its like saying nuclear weapons are cheap if you exclude the cost of uranium . 
  infrastructure costs are by far the biggest cost of maintaining a rail service . 
  you also seem to be thinking that nationalisation = british rail . 
  it does n't , british rail was so shit by the end because there had been 14 years of a tory government . 
  calling labour 's energy policy simply ` capping bills ' is misleading . 
  the main policy is to provide a public option in every region , which would do enormous good . 
  energy scarcity is solved by renewables , which labour would invest far more in than the current tory government which has cut investment for renewables substantially . 
  the argument for abolishing university fees is the same one as why we have free secondary education : in today 's competitive world , having an undergraduate degree is standard .
