  there is also [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/anton_romako_001.jpg ) well known drawing from that battle . 
  it includes rent prices ( `` alquileres brutos de vivienda '' ) , house prices are monitored in a different index ( hpi - house price index ) . 
  i meant that i probably like the food because of that . 
  my grandmother always used typical moravian recipes back in the day . 
  the czech republic !, 
  it may be because my grandparents were sudeten germans but i love their food and beer . 
  and also doing business with them is a pleasure and i drive one of their great cars . 
  they now moved it rather than cancelling it completely . 
  embarrassing . 
  the plane was flying slightly higher than the restricted altitude according to eurocontrol so the route itself was permitted . 
  see http://www.eurocontrol.int/news/mh-17-ukraine, 
  i like your attitude !, 
  out of all the small and irrelevant countries , why is austria in this ? 
  and why a rat ? 
  come on !, 
  i will assume it is actually a latvian rat so that just once this flag mess could be useful . 
  switzerland has four official languages ( german , french , italian , romansh ) and five official names . 
  `` swiss confederation '' in the four languages + latin . 
  ch is the abbreviation of the latin name . 
  they chose it to avoid favoring one of the four spoken languages . 
  i think i saw it on my front page . 
  it might have been / r/europe . 
  i really do n't know , sorry . 
  she was initially reported as potential compromise as commission president but as it got more and more obvious that the council would focus on the candidates proposed by the ep the media shifted towards her being a potential successor for the president of the ec . 
  this rumour is regularly brought up together with federica mogherini being the next high representative . 
  i do n't know the creator , it was posted yesterday but subsequently deleted . 
  i 'd like to add the 37th declaration on article 222 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union : without prejudice to the measures adopted by the union to comply with its solidarity obligation towards a member state which is the object of a terrorist attack or the victim of natural or man-made disaster , none of the provisions of article 222 is intended to affect the right of another member state to choose the most appropriate means to comply with its own solidarity obligation towards that member state . 
  that happened recently with the german voice of stallone and schwarzenegger . 
  they just gave schwarzenegger a different voice , it was an absolute disaster . 
  both actors as well as the original voice actor were enraged ( let alone the fans ) but the german production company did n't care . 
  reminds me of [ this . 
  they synchronize the same one here all the time as well . 
  but a good voice actor often has multiple hollywood actors he synchronizes and that is obviously a mess . 
  edit : an example for this is the german voice of matthew mcconaughey , james spader , charlie sheen , david duchovny and keanu reeves . 
  i wish this abomination would just stop altogether . 
  it just takes away from the original performance and hearing the same guy synchronize half a dozen or more major actors is just silly . 
  you 're thinking about voice-over . 
  did our president just pet vladimir putin ? 
  oh , i take these kind of things quite lighthearted . 
  just thought it was interesting . 
  starting at 0:17 leitl ( on the left ) : `` i 've been president of the austrian federal economic chamber for so long that i can welcome you for the third time . 
  the first time in 2001 , then in 2007 and today in 2014 the third time . '', 
  putin : `` dictatorship ! '', 
  fischer ( austrian president ) : \\* counts \\* putin : `` but a good dictatorship ! '', 
   only one in 10 european voters even knew who he was that is actually wrong . 
  50 % of the people surveyed in that poll were non-voters . 
  there are a number of reasons from the epp 's perspective : he is ... * exceptionally experienced on the european level * not a former parliament or commission member * relatively popular with other european politicians * more of a centrist than most other potential candidates * against the ( north/south ) division of europe * not exceptionally popular with the european people * old enough to retire after his term * capable of conversing in all three major languages ( + luxembourgish ) * relatively predictable, 
  [ screenshot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gfbypzy.png ) should help . 
  austria second in `` science and technology '' and `` world order '' ? 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i just did a bit of digging and my old 2007 contract says `` 0,80 $ '' for data roaming within the eu . 
  i was kind of surprised at first but then in the fine print it says `` per 100 kb '' . 
  times truly have changed a lot . 
  unfortunately it is exactly the same in austria . 
  i am usually not the one to comment on these kind of things and i am fairly tolerant but according to a number of sources he said `` your are the grandchildren of kara mustafa '' to the crowd . 
  for those of you unaware kara mustafa is an ottoman general who led the siege of vienna ( the very city erdogan spoke in ) in 1683 . 
  if this is true ( which i do not know 100 % but it is reported on multiple trustworthy sites ) it is absolutely outrages . 
  edit : after more research it could have also been `` the grandchildren of suleiman the magnificent '' which is also not much better as this is the guy who sieged vienna 150 years earlier in 1529 . 
  why did they leave the greens in the first place ? 
  just for you : http://i.imgur.com/srpr8nn.png, 
  i did my service back in 99/00 when it was 8 months . 
  but i volunteered for a reserve nco position so it was a bit longer and more interesting . 
  our current 6 month conscription system is a waste of time and money as we basically train every recruit for 6 months , send them home and get new recruits - repeat indefinitely . 
  this is not enough to be militarily useful or to conduct any major exercises with conscripts . 
  but we had a referendum on it just last year and it will stay that way for a long time . 
  if you look at the arabian peninsula qatar sticks out like a large antenna , that is because al jazeera is from there ( that should be easy to memorize ) . 
  nzz had some really great in depth articles about austria too . 
  i was really envious when i read that cause you would not see something on that level in austria . 
  most the games are very late and i am getting old . 
  i wo n't watch a lot of them maybe i 'll invite a couple of friends for the final . 
  my girlfriend is indian , has lived in ( mostly german speaking parts of ) europe for almost 20 years , no problems . 
  this is regulated under directive 2004/38/ec . 
  every member state has the right to prohibit eu citizens that propose a threat from entry ( or expel them ) . 
  this has to be assessed individually ( you ca n't just bar all armed robbers for example ) and only repeated or long prison sentences are counted . 
  the commission gives the following example in the guidelines :  a. and i. have finished serving their two year sentence for robbery . 
  the authorities assess if the personal conduct of the two sisters represents a threat , i.e. 
  if it involves the likelihood of a new and serious prejudice to public policy . 
   this was a . 's first conviction . 
  she behaved well in prison . 
  since she left prison , she has found a job . 
  the authorities find nothing in her behaviour that represents a genuine , present and sufficiently serious threat . 
   as for i. , this was already her fourth conviction . 
  the seriousness of her crimes has grown over time . 
  her behaviour in prison was far from exemplary and her two requests to be released on parole were refused . 
  in less than two weeks , she is caught planning another robbery . 
  the authorities conclude that i. 
  's conduct is a threat to public policy . 
  as this is a directive it depends on how it is implemented in national law and i do not know what the uk 's law on that looks like . 
  we have a huge discussion about lowering the taxes on labour going on and the commission recommends exactly that . 
  i do n't think there is now a single person in austria who does n't agree on that except obviously the super incompetent finance minister . 
  i really hope this recommendation rings a bell but we are usually pretty bad at doing what the commission tells us to . 
  also congrats to belgium , the czech republic , denmark , the netherlands and slovakia for getting rid of their edp and finland for avoiding it !, 
  yes and all i got was a confirmation mail . 
  it says they queued the request and that the system is not `` up and running '' so i doubt they have fulfilled any request yet . 
  the result i want removed is still there so nothing has happened yet . 
  i am by no means an expert on the topic but your post made me curious and according to a quick google search turkey was under an arms embargo for a couple of years in the 70s and they cut most of their aid until the soviets stepped in and replaced that aid trying to get them in their sphere of influence . 
  the legal 4 % threshold is not really practically relevant in austria as we have just 18 mandates anyways . 
  so there is an even higher mathematical threshold for eu parliament elections in most scenarios . 
  it would require almost 1/5 of the votes to be below the 4 % threshold to be relevant and that is really not very likely in the foreseeable future . 
  they are chosen by every single member state .
