  he is n't a communist . 
  that 's a big part of it . 
  he 's supported by the french communist party though , but there are n't much of them anymore . 
  hey i 'm a leftist who really dislike macron ( you can see my comment history ) but this is retarded . 
  he believes france 's future is with europe . 
  why is it strange that he would wave the euro flag ? 
  i do n't understand why it should be a problem for someone convinced of the well-doings of europe . 
  edit : it 's not like he 's waving the german flag . 
  we 're actually part of the eu . 
  it 's not like it 's a foreign organization . 
  oh yeah , liberal policies . 
  because it has worked so well for us so far . 
  why do you think the fn is at an all time high ? 
  nothing to do with the fifty shades of liberalism used to fuck these very poor you 're talking about . 
  inequalities are rising , and we 're going to vote for the guy who introduced us the el khomry law and the cice - which is a gigantic failure . 
  great plan ahead , folks . 
  yeah that 's what i thought . 
  but damn . 
  that is absolutely scary . 
  is poland leaving europe somethink your politicians are fond of too ? 
  england is one of the first democracies , with a system on its own . 
  there is the practice of the * [ shadow cabinet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shadow_cabinet ) * that , supposedly , makes them ready to rule at any time . 
  there is the idea that the opposition has plans . 
  ( that 's my understanding from an outsider 's pov ), 
  is there any context that would explain this sentence ? 
  / r/france might be very far on the left , but i still think he could get decent , objective answers . 
  the few top post will be pro-m\u00e9lenchon and not really unbiased , but i trust our fellow frenchmen to explain the dynamic between all candidates . 
  that probably would n't have granted him any vote . 
  if people want a hard line on immigration , they can vote for fillon or le pen . 
  the socialist party , after hollande 's failure ( i 'm talking about how he was perceived , not his actual policies - he hit a 4 % approval rating at some point ) , voted for beno\u00eet hamon , quite on the left of the party . 
  on the opposite side , les r\u00e9publicains voted for fran\u00e7ois fillon , representing the right wing of the party , instead of , let 's say , alain jupp\u00e9 who was more center-right . 
  which means we have a left party * really * on the left , and a right party * really * on the right . 
  macron is the only candidate appealing for moderates and center voters . 
  the exit vote hardly passed in the uk , and his base is n't as strongly against the eu as the british crowd was . 
  the threat to leave is that , a threat . 
  you really believe 2017 france would fall in a year in some kind of dictature ? 
  you really think people would be on board with that ? 
  if there is no constituent assembly , then how are current counter-power prevented then ? 
  i really do n't like the man himself . 
  five years ago , i already voted for him and was fond of him , but as you say , that 's a path for charismatic leaders and , like many other leftist , am now wary of them . 
  i 'm mostly on the side of [ fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric lordon ] ( https://vivelasixiemerepublique.wordpress.com/2017/01/28/soutenir-melenchon-entretien-avec-frederic-lordon-la-bas-si-jy-suis-le-27012017/ ) ( the part written in red ) on this issue . 
  but there are guarantees : first , it 's not m\u00e9lenchon alone . 
  there are others behind him whose credibilities are enough for me , like jacques g\u00e9n\u00e9reux or different leftist movements . 
  second , his project is n't authoritarian at all ; an independant constitutive assembly , his promise to leave power after the constitutive assembly has ended , and so on . 
  i believe there is no crowd more wary of charismatic leaders than nowadays leftists . 
  he also runs on a platform inciting more power to the people . 
  it 's actually pretty strange because it used to be a `` shameful '' vote , which was largely underreported in early polls . 
  then they tried to adapt , but the speed at which people were reporting their actual votes instead of lying , and the way it took its voters from other parties or abstentionees made it very hard to count . 
  i think they are starting to get better numbers nowadays , as it as really became a more acceptable vote for its electors . 
  i think that 's also the case - for people who are native of these countries , not their descendants - of just being more accustomed to the culture . 
  there 's something natural about being in france for a frenchman , in the us for an american or in india for an indian . 
  it 's not about objective conditions ( unless you were seriously mistreated in your country of origin ) , it 's just that you 're also a product of this culture . 
  i was n't frequenting this sub at the time . 
  how was it ? 
  that 's why hollande hit a 4 % approval rating at one point . 
  he did the opposite of what he was elected to do . 
  what 's the point in all trying to be more competitive than the others ? 
  in the end , we will all be in a worst situation , with less workers rights and nobody wins . 
  germany did well because they were the only ones to do it . 
  if all european countries try to be more competitive by lowering their cost , in the end nobody is competitive ; everybody is poor . 
  `` more competitive '' = less worker rights , more work paid less , and so on and so on . 
  thanks , that 's going to be a no for me . 
  we do n't always support him on everything . 
  for exemple , i disagree with him on many , many issues . 
  but liberal policies have increased the gap between the poors and the riches , and made marine le pen rise . 
  i could have voted hamon if he threw away his support to el khomry and such . 
  but he did n't , and the socialist party can go fuck itself so god damn hard . 
  also , a big part of his program is the new constitution and the fact that he is n't supposed to stay in power . 
  i do n't know if my countrymen know who is sch\u00e4uble , but i 've never met anyone who knew who he was and did n't hate him . 
  do you really think this is a good argument ? 
  what do voting in european elections change when it comes to our council of finance ministeries ? 
  what do voting in the european elections do when our leaders agree to make money on the back of greece behind the curtains ? 
  when it comes to the eu , i support hamon more than i support m\u00e9lenchon . 
  because his plan a is more solid and detailed , and he want more democracy on the european level . 
  which i agree with . 
  which does n't mean they ally in any way . 
  supporters of mlp hate jlm and the opposite is true . 
  what ? 
  they absolutely do n't . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  they hate each other and their supporters hate each other . 
  so you 're agreeing that we ca n't get our policies done and that we should just ... accept it ? 
  melenchon supporters do oppose the current european union that forces us to liberalise parts of our economy and to apply austerity measures . 
  and yet some companies pay no taxes in france while doing lots of business here , and pay it in luxembourg or ireland . 
  he does n't hate the eu and most of its supporters do n't want to leave . 
  we want the spending rule to be gone , and a more social europe to be possible . 
  not for everything to be pulled down . 
  but all you guys want is for france to follow whatever liberal policy you support , without any care for its poor or its workers . 
  the only thing that is rising is the national front 's result . 
  what a success for liberal policies . 
  each side ( far right - far left ) sees the other as more dangerous than the statu quo . 
  you have two candidates with liberal policies ( macron and fillon , fillon being more hardcore ) and two candidates that want to shake things up ( melenchon and le pen ) . 
  half of the main candidates oppose `` the establishment '' while the other two support it . 
  does n't seem really popular to me . 
  that 's not what communism is . 
  if you want to bring counter arguments , fine . 
  but discuss actual policies , do n't come fighting communism when it is n't what this is about at all . 
  yeah , and i never say it was . 
  the article says that melenchon supports ubi . 
  he does n't .
