  otherwise , i do n't know why we `` have '' to vote for him , knowing full well that it means a stronger le pen in five years . 
  i 'm not sulking , i just do n't want to support someone who will push policy that only benefit the richest and keep sending the poors in le pen 's arms . 
  damn , that 's quite a tolerant message there . 
   they have endorsed macron against le pen . 
  sure . 
  easy to say that you endorse someone against someone else when you are the one responsible . 
  they fed the beast and now ask us for help to slay it . 
  but for the five next years , they 'll keep feeding it again and again . 
  i do n't care how many times they call us for help if they do n't stop feeding it , because at one point it will be too hard to fight . 
   they refused to endorse macron against le pen , which prove they do n't fight fights tooth and nails against the far-right and all those people that enable it . 
  melenchon has consistently be her opponent in the political area , he campaigned in her city against her . 
  how many from the socialist party and the republican refused to go in an easy constituency to directly fight le pen ? 
  answer 's easy : none . 
  the radical left has always fight against the far right , and will continue to do so . 
  you can keep your fool 's games for yourself . 
  as long as you will feed the beast , we 'll never be free of it . 
  `` yeah , we hate you and you 're a cancer , and btw you 're kinda like le pen , but if you do n't vote for us you are fascists '' . 
  getting a bit tired to be insulted all the time , but when our votes are needed , we need to unite or idk what bullshit you 're trying to force on us . 
  1st for the young , 1st for the unemployed , 2nd for workers , 2nd for those who are paid less than 2000 $ / m. 
  quite far from the idea that people who have it easy vote for m\u00e9lenchon . 
  i 'll quote myself from yesterday : `` my answer as a melenchon voter . 
  note that i 'm far left , so even melenchon was some sort of `` compromise '' for me . 
  i wo n't vote for the next round . 
  it 's not that i do n't mind le pen : i abhore her . 
  she 's a cancer . 
  her party 's a cancer . 
  but macron is just in the legacy of the economic policies of hollande and sarkozy ; the usual austerity , offer-lead economic policies , reduction of workers rights . 
  all of this is what has worsened the poor 's conditions of living and lead them to vote for le pen . 
  macron winning will just delay the inevitable : le pen will come back stronger in 2022 , or whoever is in her place . 
  i have hope for the legislative elections though , that its majority will be too divided to get anything done , but unless the left can unify and really weigh in the parliament , we 'll just have terrible laws that probably wo n't work anyway and will ncrease the inequality gap . 
  macron made it unclear how close to the ps he was for a long time . 
  he was a newcomer , and distanced himself from some ps positions , even disagreed with the president publicly multiple times . 
  even if the right see him as a socialist , not everyone do . 
  as / u/missandwrist , le pen and fn are synonymous in france . 
  almost everyone hated the father , and the daughter has been tied to the party for what , 20 years probably closer to 30 ? 
  this move will have a negligable effect if it has one . 
  all the t_d idiots have no clue of the political life of france and want to affect its process . 
  it has never been done , but it 's not that far from the presidential ideal set by de gaule . 
  the president is n't a member of his party ; he 's the president of all french . 
  i do n't think this move will be very effective for le pen . 
  she still seems doomed to me . 
  even the support from people like boutin is poisonous for new voters . 
  there are two sides of the front national . 
  south front national is the historical one , represented by golnisch or marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen . 
  they 're the very racist and homophobic one , often traditionnal catholics and from upper classes ( brief summary , obviously there are lots of nuances ) . 
  the northern side is lead by philippot . 
  it 's statist , supports a social agenda and so on . 
  it 's mostly poor people from unemployement heavy districts . 
  so yeah , mmlp is more traditionnal and appeal to the traditionnal fn electorate . 
  although we ( melenchon voters ) disagree on economics with you , we also consider that absolutely forgetting to have strong social policies will have a terrible effect on the poor , the * d\u00e9class\u00e9s * . 
  those who vote le pen . 
  we 're not saying macron is worse than le pen or that they are equal , but by voting macron now , you 're just delaying the day where le pen wins an election . 
  everyone is convinced they are doing what 's good , that 's why they do it . 
  it 's the same for you , so hard to blame us on that . 
  macron hates the poor but does n't mind arabs . 
  le pen will fuck everyone . 
  well , i may dislike le pen more , but i have no plan to vote for macron as of now . 
  continuing with the same policies that have allowed the fn to rise wo n't change anything , and they will keep progressing . 
  i refuse to give a high score to macron . 
  results i 've seen from [ french sites ] ( http://abonnes.lemonde.fr/election-presidentielle-2017/live/2017/04/23/presidentielle-2017-resultats-analyses-reactions-suivez-la-soiree-du-premier-tour-en-direct_5115904_4854003.html ) are : 23.9 % macron 21.7 % le pen 20.0 % fillon 19.2 % melenchon, 
  melenchon is n't a communist . 
  someone who oppose liberalism is n't a communist . 
  macron has no plan to change the union in a significant way , just like hollande before him . 
  europe wo n't change . 
  at least , not if the changed is to come from germany and france . 
  i do n't know if i prefer to leave the europe or leave it as it is . 
  i really do n't know . 
  the poor have it bad , and it keeps getting worse . 
  the fn wo n't stop rising with macron . 
  the most terrible has yet to come . 
  well , regardless of what you think , this is how those who support the ideology have aligned themselves . 
  traditionnally , in france at least , they voted with the conservatives and got elected thanks to them ( giscard d'estaing , supported by the rpr ) . 
  in the last decade or so , the left parties converted to liberalism . 
  but economic liberalism is a right-wing vote in most countries . 
  are anarchist liberals in your definition ? 
  you ca n't accuse them of being authoritarian . 
  the le pen family has been in the french political spectrum for fourty years now , and its perception has changed a lot in the last ten years ( led by marine le pen ) . 
  it 's hard to compare the two . 
  you 're being downvoted by what i assume are americans ? 
  everywhere else in the world , `` liberal '' means `` supporting free market ( and/or corporatism ) '' . 
  which is traditionnally a right wing approach , as opposed to soc-dem or socialists on the left . 
  well , they 're a bit far from smith and locke nowadays , but that 's the spirit . 
  just stop comparing the two , it does n't work . 
  it 's a two round vote and that 's it . 
  parties already had primaries earlier this year/late last year , for those that do primaries . 
  we could have two left wing candidates or two right wing candidates qualified for the second round . 
  it 's nothing like the american system . 
  the green party has joined its campaign with hamon , and melenchon actually has a big part of his program focused on producing differently and transitionning out of fossuel fuels/nuclear energy . 
  they have n't for a while though , and iirc for the regional elections they overestimated them . 
  guyane right now is in a hard crisis with massive strikes . 
  i do n't know if that 's popular there , but he proposed that the latine america overseas territories could join the alba . 
  maybe they liked the idea . 
  damn , it 's you we should have voted for . 
  nobody thought of that !, 
  if france leaves the eu , there 's no eu anymore . 
  it 's 62 now ( up from 60 ) , and 67 ( up from 65 ) to get your full pension regardless of how many years you worked . 
   going lower would bankrupt us . 
  going lower would allow the young who ca n't find jobs ( at least in france ) to get some . 
  it 's not like it 's just a gain to make people work more . 
  what you save on this side , you 'll spend it by compensating your unemployed ( or letting them die if that 's your thing ),
