  would n't say they were rich , though . 
  do n't think it have too much of an impact . 
  it 's not like it 's anything new for french people . 
   think communism is harmless . 
  you know communists are n't all stalinists , right ? 
  maybe if it 's the first time you hear about it , but at this point protests are a national sport in france and we march against the fn every other week . 
  1st may is just the occasion to hold a big rally . 
  what a great system we have here . 
  pulling everyone down by being competitive against each other . 
  what a great time to be alive !, 
  what a great union to support . 
  it may be because i 'm living in a city , but everywhere i 've been , the fn is mostly hated . 
  she may have a bit more of a widespread support in campaigns and for young people who do n't know who founded this party and who are still the influent militant in it ; but to most , her party 's still the beast to slay . 
  accelerationnists are those who want a political extremist opponent to succeed so they can thrive on the chaos . 
  left accelerationists want le pen to succeed . 
  their plan is that her mandate will be a failure and that she will be easily beaten in the next election . 
  this is a very dangerous approach ( how sure are we that they wo n't stay popular by blaming problems on others , or that they wo n't use the power of the state to stay in place ? ) . 
  it also disregards all of those whose life will be harder under le pen . 
  think about bernie supporters who voted trump to crash the system . 
  tbh , this is n't common at all . 
  more bernie supporters voted for clinton than clinton supporters in 2008 voted for obama . 
  but even if they are few , they exist ; and they are fucking retards . 
  [ alexandre gabriac ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0yvx79o.png ) was a candidate for local elections near grenoble . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hlrz2en.png ) is another one since the fn said that the first one was `` faked '' you can find on [ this page ] ( http://v2.polkamagazine.com/23/le-mur/fn-et-ultras-preuves-d-amities/1393 ) multiple pictures proving how close the fn and various antisemitic , nationalist or neo-nazis organizations ( sometimes all of the aboves ) - on the first picture , you can see marion mar\u00e9chal le pen with party 's militants . 
  right under her you can see julien rochedy ( president of the fnj , young fn movement ) with his hands on baptiste coquelle , former member of far right group gud . 
  below them , with the white shirt is edouard klein , former head of far right student union assas . 
  edit : oh , and a more recent one ( from today ) : jean-marie le pen [ owns a replica of the `` porte-glaive '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ykmlnfd.jpg ) ( swordbearer ? 
  ) , a symbol of the nazi might . 
  things work so well when you decide to ignore a large part of the people . 
  it is n't going well for rural france ; it is n't going well for banlieues ; it is n't going well for the youth . 
  when you tell people that things are n't so bad , they do n't reconsider . 
  they see their lives and notice that no , things are n't going well . 
  quality of public services is declining at an alarming rate ; salaries are n't going up ; farmers can barely afford to eat and continue working ; the quality of public schools is lowering after the multiple budget cuts , new laws favor employers against their employees and makes layoffs easier . 
  that 's why people are getting so radical . 
  they 've tried the center left and they 've tried the center right and everything is getting worse . 
  and the given answer is to give those who already have plenty yet again more power , while they have to make sacrifices . 
  so i do n't really care if the gdp is going up , or at which rate the economy 's growing , what is important is the quality of life of people in a given country . 
  and it 's definitely going down . 
  it sure is n't for those who vote macron , but that 's precisely why the radical left have a hard time convincing itself to vote for the one who is saying that things are n't working because the medicine was n't strong enough the last time we tried . 
  depends of the number of voters . 
  45 % against the best possible candidate for them to face ( except for fillon ) , since he 's everything they hate : likes globalism , friendly to foreigners , want to cut benefits and so on , member of the most hated government ever . 
  if they ca n't win this election i ca n't see how they can win any . 
  unless macron fails lamentably , but that would just support the idea of left voters that voting macron know means reinforcing the fn for later . 
  le pen father is also known for regularly joking about the holocaust ( with his famous play on word `` durafour cr\u00e9matoire '' , said that gaz chambers were a detail of history and so on ) and many of the people who founded the party were known nazi sympathizers . 
  even today , you regularly hear about a fn candidate 's leaked photo doing the nazi sign , or with nazi flags in the background . 
  the idea is mostly to not give him legitimacy because the left knows it will have to fight his laws sooner or later . 
  the more he is supported , the harder this idea will be . 
  there are also those who say that le pen would never get the legislative assembly with it , but i find this line of thinking very dangerous . 
  and then there are accelerationists , but fuck them because they 're stupid . 
  the right is n't bringing solutions though , they 're just making it worse to change things . 
  his campaign was way more on the left than his policies were . 
  sure , it was a given , but it still left a lot of people with a sour taste in the mouth . 
  she does n't . 
  most hate her . 
  i have n't heard a lot of people say that macron and le pen are the same thing . 
  most say that although they hate le pen more , they still despise macron - with all his links to finance , he was also part of a government hated by the radical left . 
  the point is not to vote for him if they can , so as to do not give him any legitimacy when he comes to power . 
  a president elected with 55 % can not prevail of the same legitimacy than a president elected with 80 % ( lire chirac was ) . 
  the point is to make the next government weak . 
  some could decide to go vote at the last moment if the polls are too close . 
   we need to improve our messaging . 
  or maybe improve the system ? 
  it is n't fake that inequalities have kept growing , that mainstream party politicians are asking workers to sacrifice ( in a period in which the richer keep getting richer ) so we can afford to keep our riches home . 
  and for far-right voters , they think we give too much money to migrants and not enough to themselves , and whatever lie of the months about the terrible terrible muslims . 
  fact is : you can disagree on the solutions on the issues , or on the perception of the issue ( maybe you ca n't blame everything on the poor refugee who fleed war or ecologic disasters ? 
  ) , you ca n't disagree that there is an issue . 
  because there is one for those who have nothing and yet , years after years , find themselves with even less than the year before . 
  you ca n't tell them that the system is great because of erasmus , cooperation or whatever you love about our system . 
  but we are sacrificing the lives of people , and maybe , maybe we should aknowledge that some people are suffering . 
  especially since , as jupp\u00e9 pointed out when he murdered fillon ( when he announced that he would n't replace fillon if he had to drop out of the race ) , he did n't get money himself for what he was condemned . 
  it was a fraud made to get money for the party and he took the fall for chirac . 
  even left-wing voters do n't blame it on him that much compared to how they hate others . 
  fillon took pride that he was clean ; it suddenly appeared that he was n't . 
   melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
  melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
  20 % vs 11 % in 2012 . 
  hardly in decline to me . 
  that 's wrong . 
  voting macron now is voting for le pen later . 
  in my views , both are guilty votes . 
  where does this get us ? 
  she wo n't be elected . 
  and if she is , i 'll blame the idiots who voted for them . 
  not those who did n't vote . 
  voting for macron right now is a delayed vote for le pen . 
  i 'm not doing that , thanks . 
  i admit defeat ; we 've lost the presidential election . 
  but we will keep fighting the other fights . 
   four more years without le pen is four more years you can use to rally without the country burning down . 
  lol . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  they 'll keep their austerity measure , they 'll keep attacking the poor , the unemployed and destroying their lives . 
  and then they 'll complain in five years that the fn has kept rising . 
  the fn will be defeated . 
  but i wo n't give macron any more legitimacy than he 'll already have . 
  fuck him , and fuck all of those who , like him , enabled the fn , and now cry for help . 
  they are responsible for this situation . 
  if they want our votes , they can do a step in our direction .
