  you guys have overall done your share on the economic spectrum ; but you 've been a pain in the ass for fourty years when it comes to the politican european project . 
  the eu never was , and was never supposed to solely be a free-trade zone . 
  it was a political project first . 
  you guys were a pain in the ass for fourty years . 
  there 's also that . 
  65 % with a really , really low turnout ( the lowest we 've ever had for a presidential election iirc ? ) . 
  jacques chirac was a right wing candidate who had already ruled 7 years in 2002 and he got elected with more than 80 % of votes and a high turn out . 
  macron was never really popular . 
  in the second turn , more people did n't go out to vote than voted for le pen . 
  it 's easy to make it look like an acclamation . 
  well , keep opposing things you do n't even understand if that 's what you really want to do , it 's not like i can stop you . 
  at least when i oppose ideas from both capitalism or communism , i know exactly what idea i 'm opposed to and the point thinkers were trying to do . 
  but you can dismiss them in a sentence and a half , so that 's great . 
  so you have to set up a hierarchy between you and your partner in life before you achieve decisions together ? 
  with your friends ? 
  does n't mean you ca n't build things or set up projects . 
  i 'm just saying like , just like there is a huge intellectual background behind liberalism , there 's also a huge one behind anarchism , communism or even `` socialized '' capitalism . 
  it 's not just some kids who said `` and would n't it be nice if we had no one to tell us what to do and we would n't have to work ? 
  '' , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  i just think it 's a mistake to be blind to the arguments and just focus on easy-to-disprove arguments that are n't even used by communists/anarchists and so on . 
  and i also think it 's terrible when leftist i know irl are trying to disprove capitalism by using arguments that pro-capitalism do n't even use or have brought counter-arguments . 
  it 's those we should try to disprove . 
  french philosopher fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric lordon often says `` we should n't tell ourselves stories '' , and i think that 's right . 
  if we want what 's best , each side needs to answer to each other , and not just demonize the other side as idiots who have n't solved human nature yet . 
  socialism and communism are the same ; the state `` balancing '' the effects of capitalism is n't communism . 
  communism ( in theory ) means [ no state at all ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withering_away_of_the_state ) . 
  which is also why you see all these people saying `` but ussr/china is n't real communism '' . 
  but yeah , each country , or even region , has its own relationship to the economy . 
  in * course in college de france : on the state * , pierre bourdieu argues that the german society , for exemple , used the market as a symbolic foundation for its state after the nazi drift . 
  the market is what brings legitimacy to the state . 
  in many countries , it 's the opposite . 
   well , i ca n't wait until someone shows a usable template for humankind that eradicates those bad things that capitalism brings with it . 
  not many argue that feudalism was better ; but it does n't mean we should n't go ahead and try other things . 
  capitalism is n't the end of history , and i sincerely believe that humanity will change many times of systems before its end . 
  anarchy is n't the end of all organization - it 's the end of rule . 
  you 're basically saying that anarchism means no society , which it is n't . 
  you can argue on the points anarchists are making and disagree with them , but you do n't even know what theorized anarchism is . 
  i really think people need to stup with the `` human nature '' argument . 
  no human life , that we know of , is free of the influence of the society he lives in , and those that are the closest to the primordial state are n't really capitalist neither do they show capitalist tendancies . 
  soviet/chinese communism failed . 
  that 's true , but that does n't mean there 's no alternative possible . 
  capitalism ( in a very broad sense , as in `` the stones from which it was built '' ) started with mercantilism and the idea that economy and power were really close from each other . 
  that 's no more than 300 years old . 
  a bit too small of a sample to call it `` human nature '' . 
  i 'm going to shamelessly admit that i know the city only because of starcraft 2 . 
  tonight , i 'll eat a [ low-priced frozen paella made in france ] ( https://static.openfoodfacts.org/images/products/325/622/035/8026/front_fr.7.full.jpg ) and there 's nothing you can do about . 
  wait , did hollande really stayed higher than 50 % that long ? 
  keep your religion out of politics please . 
  we were supposed to be done with it in france [ since 1905 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1905_french_law_on_the_separation_of_the_churches_and_the_state ) . 
  we 're also celebrating the * f\u00eate de la f\u00e9d\u00e9ration * , it 's not all about the bastille . 
  but there 's no real problem , it 's just strange because nobody here calls it `` jour de la bastille '' . 
  it 's either `` 14 juillet '' or `` f\u00eate nationale '', 
  you 're considering symbols to be powerless . 
  they are n't . 
  `` full employment '' , and how many more poor workers ? 
  do n't know about sk , but germany is just playing with numbers . 
  unless you 're talking about the rer a station though, 
  i do n't know why , i found it funny . 
  at the cost of people 's well being . 
  good job mate , we 've attained peak ideology . 
  what people are saying is : pay workers a salary with which they can live on in the country they 're working in , and companies should pay work-related taxes in countries in which they have business in . 
  it 's not made to fuck polish people , but a polish dude living in france on a polish wage will have a hard time living there with the prices being so high . 
  it 's not about preventing polish workers to come at all . 
  i do n't understand the problem . 
  if you speak in german , you use the german name , if you speak in french , the french name , and in english , the one the people you 're talking to is most likely to know the place as . 
  trier , aachen , strasbourg , there 's no disrespect . 
  i dislike macron a lot , but got ta admit that he 's a man of compromise . 
  i do n't think he would really push for a eu legislation that is mostly the french legislation extended to the whole eu . 
  is n't this the third time this month they have done so ? 
  it 's mostly a `` cutting your loss '' idea . 
  people who want a soft brexit most likely wanted to stay in the eu in the first place ( or they did n't understand how things worked ) . 
  yes it 's not as good as what you used to have , but it 's better than leaving it entirely and going back alone . 
  while i agree with almost everything you said , you seem to misunderstand the importance of symbols in politics and history . 
  symbols are very important . 
  and while it may not seem important to us , it seems to matter to greece . 
  i do n't consider myself nationalist at all , but i would get annoyed at germans claiming the french name because at one point , the french kingdom extended to parts of what is now germany . 
  technically , yeah , sure , but still . 
  especially if it 's because said country is populated with slav and wants to invent itself some ancestors to be proud of ( not like there are n't any in the slav history ) . 
  again : symbols are more important than they seem to be . 
   they might reform the constitution to make the electoral systems a bit more proportional , but they courts will constrain them problem is : winners do n't have any incentive to change anything . 
  he considers uber to be a model for our society . 
  if it is n't destroying labour laws i do n't know what is . 
  do n't mistake a political issue with a religious one . 
  terrorism has more to do with politics than it have to do with religion . 
  religion is the appearence it takes , but not its roots . 
  terrorism is still forbidden . 
  your analogy made no sense . 
  but maybe , just maybe , when it starts impending on rights ( rights to a lawyer , duration of the * garde \u00e0 vue * , authorized arrest without a judge 's agreement ) ** while nothing is yet proven ** , including this in everyday 's life is a little bit wrong . 
  even if things go well and macron does n't become a fascist , what about the one who will come next and will have had all safeguards removed for him by others ? 
  inequalities before the law is the most undemocratic you can get . 
  these are called privileges . 
  or maybe we should aim to deal with the problem itself instead of sacrificing freedoms . 
  i mean , we are talking about disposal that allowed the state to house arrest ecological militants during the cop 21 to prevent them from protesting ? 
  these laws can and will be used against political opponents because there is no judge control . 
  if not by macron , then by whoever will follow . 
  because the very existence of isis has nothing to do with western powers going in iraq and letting a power void , dissolving the iraqi army leaving officers and soldiers with nothing to do ? 
  who could have possibly thought that it would result in such a disaster . 
  the situation is a little bit more complicated that `` ugh , muslims are bad people '' . 
  sounds like what the french system should have been . 
  except it 's now a tradition for the president , introduced by the republic 's founder de gaulle to require a blank letter of resignation from the prime minister , which makes the president de facto head of government , even if he is n't supposed to be .
