  i picked the one that was most voted . 
  should i look for more ? 
  im trying to point out that you are extremely biased towards the content that is posted here . 
  yeah , the video is not pretty , but it has truth in it . 
  a ) meaning that i should describe the video , frame after frame , in text post ? 
  b ) there are army shots in this subbreddit , delete them too . 
  c ) 2199 points and 495 comments - http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2x7lwv/v_for_varoufakis_german_magazine_has_produced_a/ so , delete it . 
  i hope you deliver . 
  pointing out hypocritism is hardly hate speech . 
  not random army shots . 
  shots of russia 's and it 's puppets actions in ukraine , and the russia 's anti-war/violence themed song is in the background . 
  hence the hypocritism . 
  there are plenty of music videos on this subbreddit . 
  hey . 
  care to elaborate how did this post break these rules ? 
  well she chose to represent russia , so this is the burden she has to carry . 
  fuck irish culture , fuck their history and fuck it 's people , because now they legalised gay marriage and all their problems are solved now . 
  is this what you want to hear ? 
  i hope you understand that i 'm not complaining that it turned out like that , it 's great . 
  but fuck this guy who said that he could n't be more proud to be irish . 
  there were these clips between the voting and the songs about famous austrian people . 
  i was expecting hitler , but i think i know why he was not listed ... 
   i could n't be even more proud to be irish . 
  because of such a petty thing as gay marriage ? 
  wow . 
  your national pride must be near zero . 
  true , i do n't see gay marriage , or marriage in general , as a big issue that needs to be discussed on such a large scale . 
  but there is no denying that this topic is huge in reddit , there is even a little rainbow colored shamrock devoted to the irish voting . 
  the point is that there are too many threads about gay marriage . 
  way too many . 
  yay ireland is going to allow same-sex marriage , now all of our problems are solved . 
  hey im not saying that they should n't have the right to get married . 
  go get married , adopt kids , i do n't care . 
  it is just that this whole gay stuff is so big around reddit . 
  it 's like all of our problems are solved when every country legalises gay marriage . 
  but there are so many more serious issues in the world and some of them hardly get any coverage around reddit . 
  russia has never really cared about it 's soldiers . 
  i wonder if they still secretly kill thouse who retreat . 
  and if our representer does badly than he/she sucks and should never do music again . 
  eu should create self-guiding drones that destroy the boats , so that nobody has to feel guilty for `` pressing the button '' . 
  destroy a few boats and nobody will come because of the fear of getting killed . 
   i ca n't comprehend that is understandable . 
  a lot of people here ca n't comperhend obvious and simple things . 
  facts and logic is not a thing that active users of this site accept . 
  we were equal before too . 
  we were all allowed to marry someone of the opposite sex . 
  i do n't see how and why this is such a big deal . 
  it 's such a ` meh ' for me . 
  marriage is n't even that popular anymore , i personally do n't see getting married as one goals of my life . 
  definitely not a `` gateway to 21th century '' . 
  what would happen if an ukrainian gay couple gets married in denmark , are they still legally married in ukraine ? 
  $ 8.5 billion , according to google . 
  looks a lot better than modern architecture . 
  why are we not funding this ? 
  well eurovision represents some very political aspects . 
  unity , tolerance , solidarity , intrernational friendship . 
  once again - they were representing russia . 
  they were chosen by russians and funded by russians . 
  ** people were not booing at the girls , they were booing at russia ** . 
  ukraine is not iraq or vietnam . 
  if you look at the map of europe , ukraine is there . 
  ukraine is even one of the contestants in eurovision . 
  but not this year , because of the actions of the boo'ed russia . 
  if you are saying that this has nothing to do with politics , then you 're lying to yourself . 
  they are representing russia in a festival/event that promotes equality , unity and international friendship . 
  russia has nothing to do with these things . 
  embarassing ? 
  they were representing russia , not themselves . 
  booing was normal and to be expected . 
  ahh here we go . 
  what 's next ? 
  why not `` racist '' ? 
  it 's you who missed the point . 
  the point is that if you are in a foreign country , you should have no right to complain . 
   you 're the guy that thinks all muslims should be deported i never said anything like that . 
  nope, 
  if this happened to me then i would get the fuck out of uk . 
  these replys are pretty hilarious . 
  this guy is an idiot though . 
  what did they say wrong ? 
  ukraine will never get crimea back and the easter-ukraine is going to be the new transnistria . 
  russia will just bring more troops and equipment to eastern-ukraine until ukraine runs out of them . 
  the execution of nk minister of defence with anti-aircraft guns was a false news reported by south korea . 
  but what about the worst man ? 
  you should n't . 
  and no , you ca n't put russia 's aggression and the refugee crisis in the same category . 
  because russia 's aggression is not only our problem . 
  only recently they were occupying half of europe . 
  well apparently they do , but getting a citizenship is a long process . 
  `` sorry for you '' ? 
  like it 's a bad thing that foreginers do n't want to live here ? 
  germany might aswell be called turkey 2 soon . 
  do n't worry , there are many things that are beyond you . 
  why should we solve this problem together ? 
  countries like estonia , latvia , finland , lithuania etc. . have no colonial history , we have never been slavers and we have never opressed another ethnic group . 
  why do we need to deal with problems we did not create ? 
  does this specific research that this video is based on do that ? 
  [ weird because islam is the fastest growing religion and will soon overtake christianity , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1qtty0vdey ), 
  i honestly hope that this `` swedish reintegration program '' is a trap . 
  immigrants everywhere .
