it 's funny that you 're trying to hard to offend me . 
  does n't really work though . . 
  kind of amazing that there are people who are defending these illegal immigrants , but this is reddit after all . 
  they are bound to get some kind of support , which comes from the tax money of the citizens . 
  and you 're saying that doing illegal black work is good because it helps the economy ? 
  immigrants are more motivated to do shitty , low paid and illegal work than the citizens , so therefore yes , they are stealing our `` jerbs '' . 
  well put them in another containers and send them back . 
  i know very well how it 's like . 
  even in the soviet times , most goods and best products went to moscow and st. petersburg ( leningrad ) . 
  but even in russia the life quality is much better than it was during soviet time . 
  modern ? 
  soviet union was much worse . 
  they dumped all kinds of toxic waste into baltic sea . 
  all this shit dumped by su is still there . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuressaare_castle http://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/rakvere_ordulinnus http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hermann_castle http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toompea_castle http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koluvere_castle, 
  well , whatever it is , it 's weird . 
  do n't get me wrong , i support gay rights and everything , but gay parades are just not right for me . 
  i get it if it 's for protests and demanding rights , but if these rights exists then the parades seem like showing off . 
  it 's like `` hey we 're gay and we are so special '' . 
  i get it why there are gay parades in countries like molvova or russia , but where it 's already fully legal . . ? 
  it 's not like we 're having straight parades , why do we need gay parades ? 
   to syria ? 
  to libya ? 
  yes . 
  we need to show our military capability and attempt to stabilize these regions . 
   we take pride in having them well that is very wide generalisation . 
  it 's a hot topic here in estonia , most people are strongly against accepting any of them , others would rather accept families or women and children . 
  hearing that most of the refugees are male , then the general opinion here is that the men should stay in their homeland and fight . 
  i personally think that a eu 's strong military intervention is a way to solve the problem . 
  this crisis only shows that echr , international convention on maritime search and rescue , un convention relating to the status of refugees , and many other conventions have serious flaws and problems . 
  laws and conventions are , unfortunately , not the ultimate truth and righteousness . 
  looks like a fun place ... 
  we have so shitty pensions that it 's better to hang yourself before retiring . 
  well , nobody beats our singing male stripper with jaw implants . 
  he also has very weird people in his music videos . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67smd7xdyv0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zc0rhjv26i https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd6mfkmsvqe unfortunately , there are more of these . 
  come on , this is the greatest thing ever !, 
  r/europe mods neutral ? 
  hahahhahha this sub has the most biased moderators i 've ever seen . 
   according to insee , since 2004 , 200,000 immigrants entered annually in the territory . 
  one out of two was born in europe and one in three in africa . 
  between 2009 and 2012 , the number of europeans entering france increases sharply ( + 12 % per year on average ) . 
  about france , according to wikipedia . 
  perhaps not in 35 years , but it will happen if nothing is done about this problem . 
  and there are 65 million ethnic german people in germany . 
  i wonder what germany and france would look like in 2050 . 
  white , ethnic people will be a minority i bet . 
  so what you 're saying is that if the chance of success even lower , then the number of them still wont drop ? 
  refugees come because they ca n't live in their own country , so that in the end even we ca n't live in our own country . 
  i do not support the idea of europe turning into another ` melting pot ' . 
  which treaties ? 
  you know what would happen then ? 
  the numbers of refugees will magically drop . 
  once the word starts to spread that the italian coast guard gives no fucks anymore , the migrants will think twice if it 's worth the risk . 
  this is not solving the problem , or even relieveing it . 
  it just makes things worse for us . 
  italy is rescuing , so italy should keep them . 
  good . 
  it 's not that important topic . 
  `` i hate this pathetic propaganda war '' what an actual fuck ? 
  putin and his buddies have done this many times before , to opposition members , to journalists , to ex-spies and many others . 
  there is no question who is behind all of this . 
  and about the poisioning of this critic - it 's only a reasonable assumption that putin is behind this . 
  you have no idea how geopolitics work , huh ? 
  nato needs us as much as we need nato . 
  probably biggest wave of refugees is yet to come , in the eve of eu military action against those smugglers . 
  i hope that they 'll move elsewhere , but probably this place is the best they 've ever been . 
  little offtopic , but my mom works in a daycare cetre of mentally handicapped people . 
  each year they get a volunteer from other eu countries . 
  in total she has had 8 volunteers , 5 are still here and are now living here . 
  they 're mostly from france and germany . 
  i bet you know where the grass is greener , but i still do n't know why they decided to stay . 
  probably because its peaceful , quiet and not crowded . 
  we have 1,3 million people , whom 69 % are estonians . 
  we are not that rich to take more foreigners . 
  i could easely move to germany or some better place , but the only thing that is keeping me here is that here are my people . 
   gets money blasted in its ass wat, 
  fuck that . 
  we the amount we should accept is 0 . 
  scandinavian , not african, 
  or to usa, 
  so what you 're saying is that the soviets were nazis and fascists ? 
  because they too deported people . 
  it 's fucking hypocrisy . 
  christianity is the tradition , but what about the tradition before missionaries came ? 
  why you would cast one tradition aside for another ? 
  it is kind of true . 
  the russian mentality has changed the place a lot . 
  well it 's a little late for that decision . 
  and when you call them nazis , you are wrong . 
  nazism is not the same as nationalism . 
  yeah ? 
  people can be driven out of their homes . 
  umm , is n't this the point of refugee status after all ? 
  sooner or later , you will get sent home . 
  imo this should be done even to those who have citizenship . 
  a ) so what you 're saying is that you removed it because you do n't like it ? 
  b ) im fighting because removing this post is not just . 
  c ) two monts ago , and gained 2,2 k points . 
  mods were asleep ?
