  i 'm not . 
  up in the thread , it was implied farmers would be happy to see more wolves to help them with the mice problem . 
  not sure you really need a wolf to catch mice though . 
  whatever happened to cats ? 
  hell , even foxes will do . 
  personally i 'd go for owls as if they over populate they can always move . 
  also they are more effective and wo n't kill sheep or stuff, 
  yes , yes it does, 
  booty calls, 
  awesome !, 
  great article for a sunny weekend . 
  what exactly does your comment bring to the discussion ? 
  why would it cost less ? 
  i would expect all countries to pay proportionally and not make savings on this . 
  yup thanks for explaining , makes sense . 
  i always knew that words with z / v are more likely to come from dacian . 
  but i imagine that might be something they kept from the communist curricula , to make us seem unique . 
  and ? 
  what are you ? 
  flag up, 
  i actually think the word is not slavic , but from the dacian language . 
  but i do n't know enough about languages to be 100 % sure , so i might be way off . 
  just to piggy back on this , most words with z are from the dacian language . 
  hence why we have two and the other word is similar to other latin influenced countries , imo . 
  you asked if it 's easy . 
  it is . 
  not comfy , but not the worst the human body/mind has to go through . 
  not even close . 
  it is , put the fork down, 
  do you not understand what he is saying ? 
  i 've already paid tens of thousands in taxes thinking this is covered . 
  what happens to the money , so i get it back ? 
  i do n't know , was just thinking that i would love a similar album from different countries . 
  i just do n't think any other country is even remotely close to having the same range of scenery , architecture and preservation . 
  the pictures also do n't even take into account the cuisine !, 
  wow third of au and nz ? 
  so overall it 's definitely not a serious problem as i was imagining . 
  whats nrw ? 
  tell that to italian folks . 
  just came back from naples and it 's surrounding , some people are realllly tanned . 
  like i bet that is just uncomfortable . 
  was actually wondering what is the incidence of skin cancer in italy and if the government is doing anything to discourage people to do it ( like they do in australia or us for example ), 
  no , why do you say it 's nothing ? 
  worst things happen or this is just a normal day ? 
  if you 're not fond of your kidneys , sure, 
  nothing . 
  wow time flies , thought it was last year . 
  hahaha, 
  they are , but their engines are good cause they are really good with fuel consumption . 
  now that oil is super cheap , there is n't a lot of incentives for airlines to buy new engines . 
  no they did n't and they wo n't, 
  thanks , 2 people are , since it says 5 comments and i only see 3 ( will be 4 with this one ), 
  someone is shadow banned, 
  what about romania ? 
  can i ask where your nickname is from ? 
   languages evolve , deal with it . 
  excuses of a dumb person : if the rule is too hard to follow , just break it and call it outdated . 
  languages evolve by adding new words and developing idioms side by side with technology or social constructs . 
  but grammar rules are there for a reason and i doubt you will find many grammar rules that are broken and accepted by the general population . 
  languages do n't evolve how you believe . 
  either you 're dumb , or 12 . 
  either way , stop making excuses . 
  it 's actually not , it 's incorrect in the us as well . 
  makes me think of food , palate, 
  so you think now that 's legal people go nuts with it ? 
  that 's not the explanation . 
  lack of sexual education and affordable contraceptives is the problem . 
  of course , not saying italy should be dead last , but i meant `` realistically '' a lot of countries `` should '' be in top 5/10 if you look at numbers alone . 
  but that 's not the whole story , as we can see with italy . 
  those pesky dutch , always scheming, 
   realistically should be in the top 5-6 economies world wide really ? 
  there are loads of countries that `` should '' be in the top 5 : brazil , nigeria , india , argentina etc why would italy be in top 5 ? 
  they are not a industrial powerhouse , they are not a service powerhouse , they are not a trading powerhouse . 
  edit : italians are getting angry at my comment . 
  i meant do n't look at numbers alone , as that does n't paint the full picture . 
  numbers alone show italy should n't even be in top 10 , but yet they are . 
  a comment below u/davengerdr captures it better : `` i would say that it 's amazing that despite all problems ( corruption , stagnation , inefficiency , lack of investments in research & innovation ) italy is still the 8th economy in the world . '', 
  thanks for sharing , lovely story . 
  the place looks beautiful . 
  * sigh * one day i 'll but my own cozy villa in france * sigh *, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  get vlad tepes/dracula to run the civ and it will be the most played civ in the game . 
  well maybe i understood something else , but he said - ambitious romanians will leave the country . 
  not hard working , but ambitious . 
  that means being top 10 % globally in a field . 
  given the size of our economy and investments in multiple areas , you just can not achieve that level in our country . 
  we lack jobs that exist in other countries ( data mining , machine learning etc ) , we lack investments/capital to be hedge fund managers , we lack the infrastructure for top-notch research in many fields ( physics , bio etc ) and so on . 
  our economy is simply not mature enough to create these sort of opportunities . 
  there are many romanians who are ambitious enough ( and hard working , some just naturally gifted ) and will not settle for the maximum they can get in romania . 
  that 's how i understood his comment at least . 
  which is n't wrong in my opinion , just rude for rubbing it in . 
  of course . 
  there are more opportunities abroad ? 
  how does it not make sense ? 
  sure , there are vp/svp positions in romania , you can be an ambassador or other high ranking public official - but overall , there are a lot of successful romanians abroad , that would n't have had the same opportunities if they would have stayed home . 
  he 's not wrong , he 's just an asshole . 
   i remember few years ago when western organizations were lecturing us all the time how we are not able to integrate roma minority finally !, 
  someone else that says the same thing !, 
  this went on and on for years in romania , shaming us for not trying hard enough . 
  well , you give it a try !,
