  you spend 1-2 years in that program as a full time employee , they teach you everything and then you move into a regular position . 
  they even have leadership programs that get grads and move them to management positions after two years , but sadly those mostly go for grads of prestigious universities . 
  start early , as it 's usually a yearly process from application to getting hired . 
  go from airbus to hsbc , from google to land rover they all have these programs 3 . 
  depending on the program , after two years you have the option to move back to your country and work for them , if that 's what you wish . 
  it/procurement/bpo - there are plenty of areas where you can work and learn on the job . 
  have a successful career as well , if you like it and do an mba in your mid 30s . 
  it 's hard and disapointing when life does n't offer you much , but start researching ( you seem good at analytic and deep diving into topics ) , see what they want , learn about industries , read stories online and so on . 
  it 's a marathon , not a sprint so keep the spirits high . 
  good luck, 
  qq - you woke up at 6 am decided to ask this specific question ? 
  are you in an airport right now ? 
  you 're a fucking retard, 
  right , i meant the commissioners being princes and such . 
  as long as the class/status worship does n't come with them , i 'm all down !, 
  now i can get behind that, 
  yet there 's a ton of kids everywhere i look, 
  well fuck them in that case, 
  the rooftop in marocco looks like a minecraft screenshot, 
  yep , from a to b, 
  weird , just had a connection in frankfurt last month and i had to go through security . 
  i do n't remember split being so far south . 
  did you use the same scale for north/south ? 
  as a non-dutch , here i was thinking you did such a great job , but i read the replies and it seems you did n't . 
  preach it brother . 
  always wanted a euiv game in modern setting , tried the exact same thing in victoria ( ? ) . 
  absolutely no clue how to play the game . 
  been playing euiv since . 
  but if it was trying to get out of turkish airspace , why shoot it down ? 
  if they warned it 10 times and he wanted to leave , what 's the point in taking it down ? 
  or warn it for that matter ? 
   as we 've seen , many people coming to europe should n't be considered refugees at all no we have n't seen that at all . 
  what news are you watching ? 
  i 'll add this , the fact that you introduced paypass 2-3 years ago where in other countries they do n't even understand the concept . 
  +1 definitely one of the best i 've seen in europe . 
  that clusterfuck that exists in brussels always makes me wonder who the hell designed that ? 
  haha really ? 
  those chairs look comfy as hell . 
  probably depends on ones expectations, 
  definitely # 2 , but maybe the slogan could be something better . 
  mba 's are not for engineering . 
  i was just pointing out what drives these rankings and why they are useful . 
  i agree to some extent with you and i said this too : the rankings are based on market value of the diplomas . 
  academic knowledge is something else . 
  it 's like being upset of mtv awards that they do n't take into account movies . 
  from an academic perspective it makes sense , but it 's a catch-22 at this moment . 
  rankings value english universities , therefore the market values them too which leads students to compete for those and universities getting better quality students . 
  however it started , point of the matter is that it does reflect the market value of that university and that 's how it works at the moment . 
  english is the business language of the world and i have a feeling that the rankings are built to reflect that . 
  how exactly ? 
  you are thinking in terms of study materials , but not market value . 
  for mba 's the rankings are incredibly important . 
  both when choosing your mba , and also for the value it has on the market . 
  i would argue that the same is true for these rankings . 
  a bsc from cambridge is worth more on the market than one aarhus . 
  [ cadrilater ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_dobruja ) never forget !, 
  digging that alfa romeo . 
  sexy car, 
  he meant why not put their ass in jail after the first offences ? 
  seems odd you 'd let the number get to 5500 , assuming they knew about it . 
  well it 's a flavorless fish , hence pretty versatile . 
  which is funny , lived and traveled to netherlands many times , never seen anyone eating them . 
  yeah tell me about it . 
  stews with pork have 150 cal , but the mussels have 900 . 
  wine mmmm nom nom, 
  wow , never met a belarusian , makes me feel bad for them, 
  it was a joke , since it had similar names, 
  and the little prince, 
  the title is a bit macabre , no ? 
  `` watch this plane crash !, 
  muhahaha '', 
  he 's actually right , after spending 5 years here i have the same experience . 
  i think people definitely want to visit , it 's just extremely prohibitive cost wise . 
  fuck yeah bitches !, 
  blindfolded matador . 
  maybe even naked, 
  feels nice being an asshole , does it not ? 
  in terms of war of attrition , the odds were in their favor . 
  colonists had shit with them , had no idea what fruits to pick or to eat ( the farms the natives had , had no fences and used the famous 3 sister garden - for them it looked like wild bushes ) , they traded all their weapons and swords for food during their first winters in almost all colonies . 
  there 's plenty of records of europeans running to live with the indian villages just because life was better on their side , than in the shitty colonies they set up . 
  you surely remember that the conquistadors were 100 + and the natives were in the millions , the only won by using deceit , not military power . 
  i have read noami klein , even though it had a lot of research in it , i found that i was familiar with most of the topics captured in it . 
  nothing too shocking . 
  and yes , we did have an impact on the americas , but there were also impacts on europe based on our initial interaction : for example , bringing potato to europe caused a continent wide famine once we brought back the blight ( a disease which affects potato , and we had no idea how to avoid it as we did n't ask the indians whats the best way to farm potatoes ) . 
  also , there 's countless evidence that suggests the indians had many occasions to wipe us out , but instead they allied with us to kill their rivals . 
  spanish conquistadors married with the indian nobles , for long-term perspective as they wanted to establish colonies . 
  it 's not such a black and white story . 
  edit : and if it makes you feel better , europeans had a 80 % -90 % death rate , since they were n't exposed to the malaria virus before bringing slaves to the americas , so it worked both ways  but thanks for the suggestion , the sixth extinction is on my backlog as is bill bryson . 
  have n't heard of the forest unseen so i 'll add that to my wishlist , 
  that 's what i initially said - why shot any bears , wolves at all . 
  just export the surplus to whoever wants them , if nobody does , cull them . 
  also , as i see you are a fan of the topic , just finished a good book on this called [ 1493 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1493:_uncovering_the_new_world_columbus_created ) . 
  it 's about the columbian exchange , claiming we `` terraformed '' our planet by introducing flora and fauna when we went colonizing everything . 
  most of it by accident , but it 's a big part of the reason why we succeeded . 
  pretty cool book !, 
  let me know how many people eat lynx , wolf or lion, 
  i did say commercial hunting , correct ? 
  if they overpopulate , let the park rangers shoot them . 
  i also live in poland atm , not saying you 're not correct , but i have n't seen any of those animals you mentioned . 
  you mentioned predators in your first comment , now your argument is around toads .
