someone will always be at the bottom of a chart , by the nature of lists , just saying . 
  today was the day i googled where this country is . 
  part of france and the eurozone !, 
  consider me impressed . 
  that 's a great layout for that website . 
  calm down there buddy . 
  good point . 
  i know you are getting down voted , but do n't let this negativism from r/europe get to you !, 
  you and that czech guy do n't seem to understand how schengen works . 
  you sound like a nice guy . 
  does this work with the economist or wsj ? 
  you just made me aware that i have the option to donate to sea shepard !, 
  thanks !, 
  heh , you 're right . 
  it does look like a cat . 
  never saw this picture before . 
  personally i enjoy finland - `` meow-meow '' haha . 
  not sure i would think of a cat when seeing @, 
  i just discovered r/etymologymaps and i found this great map . 
  you can find the full names for each country at this guys blog , [ here ] ( http://europapont.blog.hu/2014/06/12/at_around_europe_bigger ) credit to u/diumvisu for submitting it in the first place . 
  i guess the context and the way you should interpret the map is that when speaking of email addresses , mostly everyone would use `` at '' . 
  but when asked for a name for the symbol , the symbol has usually a different name . 
  edit : corrected the subreddit name . 
  thanks u/adlerchen, 
  you said so much yet you said nothing at all . 
  check this thread and get back to us, 
  if you do n't give non-spaniards context , we wo n't know what you mean ... 
  haha hell yeah , ask the romanian government . 
  we only used up 4 % of the funds for infrastructure for the last cycle . 
  does n't seem to be improving this cycle . 
  which is why romania is so far down in that chart ... 
  yes you do fuck off with your faroe island bullshit, 
  i 'm happy you posted this, 
  it is if somebody is forcing you to do it . 
  this is what 's called a pyrrhic victory , nobody won in the end . 
  what if they say no ? 
  so forced labour camp . 
  got it, 
  i know , which is why i said it 's interesting . 
  just curious , what circumstances made you come up with a separate word for that ? 
  i am not even sure i ever saw anything resembling apes on rocks that stuck with me for long . 
  i ca n't imagine being such a big topic that you need a new word for it . 
  while the other half talks about it constantly , it 's probably up there with waterloo for we, 
  wow , that 's pretty interesting . 
  our history lessons are 80 % about the ottoman empire . 
  our culture , arts , poems , novels , anthems from that period are 90 % about turks , 10 % about hungarians . 
  what country is young in europe ? 
  pretty cheap, 
  i maybe get the visit visa , but working visas ? 
  what for ? 
  why, 
  the guy is in high school, 
  great stuff , i like that you focused on what your day looks like . 
  although , would have been nice to see more pics of the city . 
  maybe do a weekend edition ? 
  this is just awful , i 'm sure but i do n't want to finish the set . 
  this reminds me of an old joke about a lady being pressured into sex and she did n't say no cause she liked it or something . 
  it 's exactly like a trade deal - how come you have trade deals with some countries and not others ? 
  same thing : you have open borders with some countries , but not others . 
  why is that so far fetched ? 
  yes you can change it, 
  what the hell is a mufti ? 
  i 'm sure everyone will claim they have multiple costumes yada yada yada . 
  my comments : * portugal looks like gypsy traditional attire * welsh look like amish ( i guess the classic puritan look ) * france looks like byzantium - pretty dope extra comments : * there will be some bias when the picture has a ton of blonde girls in it versus a bunch of guys * some of the costumes look more aristocratic , others more for farmers . 
  * after seeing so many movies with british/french/italian medieval times , i 'm already familiar ( and fond ) of them . 
  would be interesting in seeing a tv show based in the medieval times with other countries , where everyone is dressed like that . 
  would be interested to see how it makes me feel . 
  like i said , look at what poland is doing and how all those small slavic countries are using that as an excuse `` if poland gets away with it , well do too '', 
  but i want romania to get closer to western values , and that ca n't happen if you give it arguments and allies in keeping it 's values . 
  i know , and we are still side tracked even while we are inside the eu . 
  fair enough , in a way , but we are working on it . 
  not sure the same can be said about ukraine . 
  i also think culturally they are n't progressive enough - i think of eu more in touch with western values , rather than eastern values - so i 'd rather have a west heavy eu that pulls us in that way , than a big eastern block that will start to ban abortion and all that crap that you currently see . 
  i 'm not dutch but side with the dutch on this . 
  stop thinking everyone else is with open arms waiting for ukraine to come in . 
  so you are the deciding that their vote does n't matter ? 
  wtf ? 
  why would n't it , they are richer . 
  i understand your point but that does n't mean this comparison is invalid . 
  have some wine, 
  there are a lot of jobs that pay 6 figures in germany . 
  my multinational company being one of them and we employ thousands . 
  it 's already banned . 
  so it 's just you assuming . 
  as it stands now , the article is more grounded in reality than your comments . 
  works for the us and they have 50 states, 
  and it 's also so that countries do n't distort the free market by selling subpar products that compete with normal products ( milk being a better example ), 
  what 's really surprising is the number of polish people in iceland !, 
  same works in reverse, 
  thanks , on mobile i could only see the first 10 rows, 
  where 's romania on that list ? 
  god that show is great, 
  here 's my advice . 
  i have a background in political science ( ma ) and i work in it in a large company . 
  it has plenty of jobs that you can tackle , outside of technical skills - analysts or proj managers . 
  outside of it , there are tons of options as well without having to be super specialized . 
  if you want to move outside bulgaria , do this : 1 . 
  check big companies from the country you want to go to . 
  they have yearly grad programs that target grads . 
  they target anything from financial analysts ( for banks and i do n't think you can hit those ) to project managers or even sales people .
