could n't sell to fer vechi ... 
   because he changed the law  except it was judged by the law that was back then . 
  you do n't judge things by the current law , simply because otherwise you are trapping people who were n't doing something illegal . 
  and yet people keep attacking him instead of providing proper alternatives . 
  the only thing i 'm seeing is iohannis wanting his own government from his own party , and that 's more than fishy . 
  and you claim that he 's a spineless weasel ... yet tell me , how many romanian politicians * are n't * spineless weasels or worse ? 
  from my own analysis of what he 's been doing from a government perspective , it has n't been great but not bad either , and certainly an improvement ; wanting to change pms all the time is not a healthy thing , as it only cheapens the position and makes it more easily influenced by external factors . 
  sure , true stability in this case is not ideal either , yet we have to consider that we want to build a better future , not hedonistically attempt to temporarily improve the present . 
  and , sorry for hijacking the conversation a bit , but it annoys me that whenever someone does n't agree with the anti-ponta circlejerk they 're immediately `` accused '' of watching antena 3 , and that antena 3 is made to be some kind of fox news . 
  it 's not . 
  yes , it has degraded recently and yes , it has done some shady things for publicity , but this trend can definitely be seen in other news networks , and it has n't degraded to the point of total misinformation like fox news . 
  it 's still not as biased as other news channels , other than perhaps channels like pro tv - but the issue is that pro tv laconically describes everything in a dry way , and does not attempt to dig in for more information ( whether this information may be biased or not ) . 
  our unbiased tv networks simply do n't have the coverage , most likely because the moment they start digging more into the politics they 'd end up involuntarily being thrown into a camp or another simply because their description appears to be biased ... 
   proven plagiarism ... except that the court judged that it is n't by law ...  officialy charged with criminal activity ** accused ** . 
  there 's a big difference between being accused and actually being guilty of something . 
   proven liar 1 ) most politicians lie to protect various interests/agendas , whether they be good or bad . 
  2 ) what are you reffering to speciffically ? 
   we can do better . 
  a lot better . 
  no , you do n't necessarily have to , yet a large amount of such arguments come from pnl propaganda . 
  i wo n't disagree that ponta is not ideal ; yet in my opinion most or all of the alternatives are worse . 
  * biased pro-pnl-ism intensifies * seriously , stop bringing this into every discussion that remotely includes ponta . 
  it 's objectively ridiculous , even beyond the fact that the arguments themselves are ( possibly subjectively ) also ridiculous . 
   moldova do n't talk like that about our little brother !, 
  at the same time , the difference between hate speech and certain political opinions is similarly small and arguable . 
  right now the laws are n't being stretched too hard ( no law ever is in the beginning , see [ liberum veto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberum_veto ) for one example ) , but [ the wording ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hate_speech ) in many cases means that once it fully reaches legal use it could be used for political discrimination . 
  i will agree on one thing though , the whole topic is very arguable and very nuanced . 
  eventually it gets to this - what ideologies , if any , should be considered illegal ? 
  what forms of thought ? 
  should we at all ? 
  at the same time , do things like islam not prove major challenges ? 
  how do we truly reconciliate not accepting certain ideologies with plurality ? 
  how do we avoid parties from being able to seize power through the abuse of such laws ? 
  if it is the independence of justice , how do we even achieve this goal ? 
  promotion of violence is a completely different thing from hate speech . 
  it 's the encouragement of violation of laws and disturbing the public peace ( sorry for my poor legal terms , trying to translate from romanian ), 
  wait , is this not what they meant by `` man the sails '' ... ? 
  i 'm seriously getting tired of this argument popping up every time poverty is mentioned . 
  perhaps instead of assaulting religion all the time we should fix things , especially at their causes ? 
  you 're not going to suddenly transform romania into a atheistic nation ; in fact , that will just inflame the issue . 
  i would also argue that even if you succeeded , you would n't really solve anything - people would keep having strong , uneducated opinions on everything , they would just change their object of ignorant idolatry from christianity to science . 
  instead , we should push for more open mindedness and a more society-oriented attitude . 
  if there is anything to change about religion in romania is fixing the romanian orthodox church ; it suffers the same internal issues as the state - corruption . 
  but blindly charging at it and at all religious people just makes the ignorant mass seek more shelter within it . 
  and one more thing - in my opinion it is a poor use of logic to deduce that the correlation proves any causation ; and while your statement of `` going hand in hand '' does not explicitate causation , it certainly implies it . 
  in my opinion the reason why religion and poverty are often correlated is partly because poor people often have a poor education , and people with a poor education are easy to control , and a system with a corrupt church will seize the opportunity to use this to its advantage . 
  ( unfortunately inherited from communist times when what remained of its structure was subverted as a tool to keep the population in check and ensure a revolution would n't spring up from it ) . 
  the thing however , is that so do political parties seize the opportunity to abuse this , with the difference that the romanian orthodox church has what is essentially a monopoly on religious practice , helped by the state . 
   what the fuck ? 
  what do the actions of sweden 70 years ago have to do with the current situation ? 
  because it is ww2 that got eastern europe into this mess , and the shitty approach western europe had to states in the region ( take for example france 's pretend war ; it did n't even benefit them ) . 
  how are we to trust western europe that they would n't turn on us in an instant once more if similar conditions arose once more ? 
  simply put , western european states had left us prey to germany and the ussr and then only proceeded to add insult to injury . 
  and now ? 
  all of our economic problems are * our * fault , our politics are interpreted by them as it suits them so they can exploit our workforce , brain drain and natural resources . 
  and then they still have demands of us . 
  if that 's the one , then from my memory it was debunked , but i ca n't find anything on a quick search other than [ this ] ( http://news.softpedia.com/news/munich-switching-to-windows-from-linux-is-proof-that-microsoft-is-still-an-evil-company-455510.shtml ) , but have n't looked much over it ( and as you can see the title shows inherent bias , so take it with a grain of salt ) . 
  plus , the costs would decrease as more switch , it 's one thing when very few people have to support the development costs , it 's a completely different thing when the development cost is distributed over many users . 
  linux probably has n't gotten to that critical mass yet , but it 's not going to get anywhere by not taking the plunge and accepting migration for the messy business it 's going to be . 
  it 's not croatian , it 's a papua new guinean costume - see , at the time papua new guinea was part of the romanian dominion of australia , hence why many people have the misconception that he was from australia . 
   based on individual decision . 
  i do n't believe in god . 
  how do you want this to quantify ? 
  i do n't quite find this satisfactory . 
   that means , that the church will set up itself to fail . 
  because it has a backbone and does n't sway to every new idea on the market ? 
   as in nature , what does not adapt and evolve is going to fail . 
  as i said , there is a capacity for change , but it is set up to be slower * intentionally * . 
   they even accept darwin evolution now the church never had a time where it outright rejected it as an entity ; it simply did n't use to have a position on the topic , and certain priests used to . 
   the big bang i do n't find that to be thatspectacular , [ considering it was a priest who proposed it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georges_lema%c3%aetre ) . 
   and that god made gay people too . 
  hmm ? 
   this would have been heresy 50 years ago . 
  as i 've said , you 're making a false claim here . 
   why the church does that ? 
  the more extreme things ? 
  because the catholic church does in fact have no backbone , and does things to `` stay relevant '' . 
   the change is slow though . 
  it 's because the church has to balance between its progressive members and ultra traditional ones . 
  they do n't want to create schism , so they wait till it 's not that controversial subject and the majority would get along with that . 
  yes , i would agree with that in that unity must be kept . 
   the example of failing faith is islam itself . 
  it was the more progressive , tolerant and education glorifying religion in the early middle ages in comparision to christianity . 
  i would challenge the idea of the islamic golden age , but that 's straying a bit from the topic . 
   again , why would educated person need god or church ? 
  to set a baseline for society and create moral unity , if you want a purely pragmatic reasoning . 
   becasue the majority seems to be ok without it in the developed world arguable , but again , i 'd say it 'd be straying a bit far from the topic . 
   it means , that we do n't need god in our modern societies . 
  based on what do we quantify this need ? 
  i have a feeling it 's going to end up in circular reasoning one way or the other . 
   1 , church does n't reform itself fast enough to go with the evolution of human society i 'm of the contrary opinion , that church should n't `` reform '' itself on the whim of public opinion . 
  it 's only lead to division . 
  edit : to expand , that means everything should be carefully weighted and unanimously agreed upon . 
  this is the requirement in the orthodox church in an ecumenical council , and i do n't see why it should be changed . 
   2 , poeple are becoming highly educated so they do n't need church as intermediary guide which intervene into their lives . 
  higher education does n't make a person excel in all qualities . 
  this is a mistake many seem to make - university education in stem does not make you a philosopher or give you any more insight into certain ethical questions . 
  if anything , people are getting more specialized , and far from being a bad thing , it does n't mean people can excel in every field . 
  you could argue this applies to church intervention into people 's lives . 
  however , i find it odd that you are conflating the church with religion .
