the distances of the * mil * differed wildly in sweden , but it was standardized to ~ 10.7 km ( for official purposes , local definitions still lived on ) and was then metricized to an even 10 km in 1889 ( along with norway ) . 
  prior to that was defined to a reindeer 's peeing range in * parts * of the country , yes . 
  in other parts , no . 
  the sami used the distance a reindeer could travel on a bladder , which was particularly used in what is now finland where the term lives on idiomatically . 
  the finns also had the `` peninkulma '' ( i think , not sure about spelling ) which was the distance a dog bark could be heard , which was close to our post-standardization , pre-metrification * mil * . 
  every province of sweden had different definitions that were referred to as a `` mil '' . 
  eventually the standardized distance gained preference in all of sweden , so now it 's 10km everywhere . 
  there are intermediate units too . 
  our * mil * ( i.e. , 10 km ) is a * myriameter * for example . 
  but they 're not used . 
  megameters are n't really used scientifically either , you 'd generally just use km until you start shooting for the stars and can use the astronomical system of units . 
   until i discovered that carhartt europe is n't the same utilitarian work clothes my kid insists on wearing never heard of it , but their eu page sure does scream workwear . 
  everything is literally branded as `` workwear '' and in the pictures of them are accompanied with chainsaws , ginormous wrenches , metal , and lumber ...  guess my point is , i do n't believe that our cheap prices mean we live better . 
  it depends on you political viewpoint and stuff i suppose , but to me places with higher prices are * generally * better to live in . 
  * generally * the lower the price = the lower the median salary . 
  and the reason our prices are higher across the board is in part because of high taxes . 
  taxes that fund healthcare , education , and such which in return are * much * cheaper here than say the us . 
  and having access to that is ( by my values ) a big part of having high living standards in a country , but of course that differs depending on your outlook . 
  the swedish economy is very much capitalist , but it does have an expansive social security which would n't be possible without those high taxes . 
  it 's nice to be able to go abroad and find things cheaper , but i 'm not bothered over our prices being high . 
  then prices can of course be pushed up for other reasons , there 's no real reason for levi 's to be * that * expensive other than they can because the market allows for it , but it does n't really bother me either . 
   american pancakes are the ultimate gut bomb . 
  [ ... ] crepes are nice and light . 
  meh i do n't know , i think they 're pretty similar if you eat the same quantity ( by volume ) . 
  the reason i make american pancakes is solely because sometimes i 'm a lazy fuck and they 're easier to fry ... 
  i do generally prefer our type , but i eat too much when i make either one . 
  one weird thing i saw in the us was at ihop where they had `` swedish crepes '' served with lingonberries . 
  that stuff 's just weird . 
  while we do love lingonberries , i do n't know anyone here who 'd put it on a regular swedish pancake , it 's certainly not standard . 
  it works well with `` oven-pancakes '' , but with the regular is usually served with some sweeter jam . 
  seems like something someone calling themselves an * international * house of pancakes would look into , y' know ... 
  well , he is an uncle who 's raising the mischievous little pricks you know . 
  fun fact : in sweden he 's the triplets * paternal * uncle , despite actually being their * mother * 's brother ... reason for that is because there is no word for the ambiguous `` uncle '' in swedish , you must specify which . 
  but as disney were n't clear about the familial relationships in the beginning , the translators got it wrong and we now have a paternal uncle and fraternal nephews through a mother/sister ... 
  nah , regular supermarkets away from tourism spots or downtown and such . 
  do n't know which chain , i 've been to a few and did n't pay that much attention as i never deliberately looked for uht . 
  but hey , maybe they 've stopped stocking it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's never been too popular . 
  here they 've removed a lot of it . 
  things like low-lactose milk used to be uht , but now they only stock non-uht lactose-free stuff instead . 
  specified coffee milk is still usually uht and commercial kitchens do use it , but i have n't seen uht drinking milk here in a while either . 
  maybe you 're right and they 've stopped ? 
  it was like two-three years since went grocery shopping in denmark . 
  danish online shops do still seem to have them , with danish labels , but i do n't know , maybe i should have said :  [ ... ] , i can assure you they actually ~ ~ do ~ ~ * did * exist in real life too !, 
  it was not my intention to potentially misrepresent reality . 
  i dunno , why is mickey mouse more popular in the us ? 
  i mean donald has personality , mickey 's just ... bland ...   the mascot is * related * to donald duck . 
   https://imgur.com/iki6jxv yeah ... that looks like donald duck himself . 
  he 's just wearing a different colored sailor suit . 
  meh , they have well-fitting jeans for me . 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of their original fit , but they have one that suits me . 
  most * things * are cheaper in the us than here . 
  for the most part it 's not really worth buying with shipping costs and such , but when someone only has to worry about baggage allowance on a plane ... 
  it 's nice . 
   do you eat american pancakes with maple syrup ? 
  by `` american pancakes '' i literally just mean what you 'd call `` pancakes '' , our `` pannkakor '' are more like what you 'd call crepes . 
  no clue . 
  probably ca n't be too popular where i live considering i 've never even heard of them ... 
  a `` stone 's throw '' exist in english too , and swedish for that matter . 
  it 's very much ambiguous , but i 've never heard it used for distances longer than a kilometer . 
   it 's also what we would use when talking about fuel consumption . 
  rather than litre/100km we use litre/mil in sweden both are used ... 
  i see more of l/mil , but l/100km is n't rare . 
  the distance of the * mil * varied a lot here too from the current before it was standardized , from ~ 6 km in what is now finland to ~ 14.5 km in * dalarna * . 
  in my hometown province it was 7 km . 
  for logistic reasons it was declared that the official mile would be ~ 10.7 km , but locally the different definitions were still in use for quite a while . 
  in 1889 the 10.7 km was metricized to become the myriameter it is today . 
  do n't really think you could ever say they 're encroaching . 
  it 's just weirdos like me who have some old american recipes to bake from . 
  it 's not difficult to just convert stuff to weight and measure , but you know , then i 'd either have to memorize stuff or constantly keep a converter at hands . 
  that 's annoying when i just wan na throw together some american pancakes . 
  haha , my jeans come from a friend in the us . 
  we have the exact same levi 's in stores here , but at 4x the price . 
  it 's cheaper to ask him to bring some since he 's coming here anyway and i know what they look like and will fit , and then pay him for his troubles . 
  dude , donald duck is the biggest cartoon character in sweden . 
  definitely ` no true scotsman ' - ing here , but every single true swede will watch `` donald duck '' at three o'clock as part of christmas celebrations !, 
  it 's tradition . 
  i know the loser mickey 's more popular in the us , but here donald 's the hero of disney . 
  i do n't have the faintest clue who they are , but by some transitive properties i 'm sure your team is cool !, 
  -- but really , do n't worry about stuff like that being well-known , yours is as well known as any other to the average swede ( i.e. , not at all ) . 
  in general , people do n't follow american sports here . 
  whether it 's the red sox or university of bumfuck , it 'll just be seen as a logo and brand . 
  being the local team will mean something for your friends who 'll have a connection through you , but it could 've been the largest team in the us and the situation would 've been the same . 
  being an `` unknown '' team may actually be more exciting as it 's more `` exotic '' . 
  oh sorry , did n't pick up on that . 
  gooseberries are n't believed to be native here . 
  they were cultivated here by the end of the 17th century , and are believed to simply have spread from cultivations and naturalized . 
   cloudberries is something more like that . 
  seriously though , sending pretty much anything local will probably be appreciated . 
  even regular stuff will have an oregonian touch that 'll be exotic . 
  it 's probably a bit pointless sending something like a snickers bar , as we 've got the exact same thing , but pretty much anything local is going to be special , edible or not . 
  a friend of mine once sent measuring cups as a cheap bonus with another package . 
  i only use them a handful of times per year , but having a set does simplify the use of american recipes with your nonsensical units greatly . 
  gooseberries are both cultivated and grow in the wild in sweden . 
  now i do n't know what makes your local jams truly exceptional , but know that the berries themselves probably are n't going to seem very foreign unless it 's some unique subspecies . 
  i 've never heard of this marionberry . 
  the regular blackberry we have here is popular , so i ca n't see anything go wrong with that . 
   is it best to get preserves that do n't have a crap-ton of extra sugar ? 
  i 'd say that 's a safe bet .
