i thought that would be us . 
  please keep quiet . 
  we are going deaf over here . 
  portugal has always been part of the west either geographically , culturally or politically . 
  you really should check some history . 
  you ca n't get more western than portugal . 
  that 's how i see it too . 
  come to portugal , 
  migrants also think that poland and hungary do n't exist . 
  hungary would only be a route to germany . 
  yet the far right movements are big over there . 
  me too . 
  i prefer ajax . 
  very true . 
  why would they be called expats ? 
  they should be called emigrants . 
  that 's what they are . 
  people emigrate to those countries because that is where people they know ( some other portuguese people ) are working . 
  most of them do n't choose those countries thinking about quality life or quality democracy . 
  people only think about making some money and then go back to portugal . 
  nordic countries are portrayed in portuguese media as the ones who have better educational systems ( finland ) and are most equalitarian . 
  those countries are not a very good example . 
  nordic countries are indeed perceived as being the most equalitarian . 
  switzerland and luxembourg do n't fit . 
  the `` pinnacle of western development '' would be the us . 
  mostly in a bad way . 
  i think `` western development '' is not positive . 
  the pinnacle of european ideals would be sweden . 
  in portugal , for example . 
  nordic countries are perceived as having the better quality of life . 
  beautiful, 
  the most common is moors ( mouros ) . 
  lisbon is moural\u00e2ndia . 
  `` russo '' means someone from russia . 
  `` ru\u00e7o '' is the word which also means blond . 
  `` ru\u00e7o '' comes from the latin word `` ruscidu '' . 
  first thing i could think of is chocolate . 
  once we get our empire back we may include you . 
  why the chick-pea ? 
  no cabbage ? 
  lol, 
  beautiful city . 
  triggered . 
  you are part of europe too . 
  in portugal it used to be baby jesus but father christmas took over . 
  beautiful . 
  brazilian ... 
  brazilian ... 
  brazilian ... 
  happy birthday , emma morano !, 
  yes . 
  i 'm not rich to go eat in a nice italian restaurant in touristic areas , i guess . 
  beringela in portugal . 
  i 'm not a fan . 
  i was n't such lucky . 
  i know there must be wonderful food in italy . 
  i was kidding , i know what an aubergine is . 
  in portuguese it is `` beringela '' . 
  thanks anyway . 
  i totally understand you , brother . 
  i do n't get all the fuss about italian cuisine . 
  i 've been to italy and all the restaurants were so damn expensive . 
  i spent the whole time eating pizza and burgers . 
  some other dishes i ate there ... meh, 
  i would rather have sausages and mash than a thin thin crispy pizza . 
  caldo verde and broa . 
  we introduced you to tea . 
  common in portugal too . 
  southerner here . 
  we also have blood sausages and they are delicious . 
  there 's some other dishes with blood like `` papas de sarrabulho '' . 
  `` papas '' is a popular expression for coagulated blood , so the literal translation would be `` mashed blood '' . 
  the soup is made with pig 's blood , chicken meat , pork , ham , salami , lemon , bread and is typically sprinkled with cumin , which provides to this dish a distinctive odor . 
  i agree with you . 
  the authentic galician sounds more like portuguese but it seems that there is a progressive influence of castillian in galician . 
  the deplorables . 
  i always feel welcome when i visit spain too . 
  we understand you quite well . 
  and we have `` portunhol '' . 
  galician is quite similar to portuguese . 
  `` galician-portuguese was first spoken in the area bounded in the north and west by the atlantic ocean , and by the douro river in the south , comprising galicia and northern portugal , but it was later extended south of the douro by the reconquista . 
  it is the common ancestor of modern portuguese , galician , eonavian and fala varieties . 
  the term `` galician-portuguese '' also designates the subdivision of the modern west iberian group of romance languages . '', 
  maybe our inquisition was softer . 
  you do n't have to be sorry . 
  it 's okay . 
  it is the way it is . 
  maybe i feel closer to galicians since i 'm from northern portugal . 
  i have never had that much interest in spain really . 
  it 's a beautiful country which i have visited numerous times though . 
  it 's a foreign country like any other country . 
  however i do feel more at home in spain than in italy or any other country , particularly in galicia . 
  i thought you were `` nuestros hermanos '' . 
  anyway i know what you mean . 
  in my opinion , we have never had no interest in spain . 
  we have always been looking to the atlantic ocean and definitely have closer ties to `` nossos irm\u00e3os '' in brazil and africa . 
  in portugal we also use the french one . 
  it translates into : quando as galinhas tiverem dentes . 
  and it has the exact same meaning . 
  me too then,
