but it is the case . 
  maths is overwhelmingly used in the uk , whereas math is the norm in the usa . 
  just to point out the flip side - as you say , we do n't know how deep they went . 
  some may just have scratched the surface before they realised . 
  is this cumulative ? 
  if the polish do start eating this many more apples , will we need to set up refugee camps for the polish doctors being flung from their borders ? 
  no , this is n't a stereotype thing . 
  this is a `` piss off putin '' thing . 
  why is no-one using #drinkcider instead ? 
  i ca n't express how happy this story makes me . 
  that would be really interesting ; plotting every `` pretender '' capital . 
  it would probably need colour-coding too , otherwise that could get confusing ... 
  although the standard city used for this in the uk would be ` westminster ' . 
  but how can you be totally committed to a marriage if you needed to renew your vows every decade ? 
  well , he was part of the inspiration behind l\u00facio costa 's designs for brasillia . 
  paul the octopus had 5-hour long queues . 
  imagine what the biebmonkey could bring . 
  everyone 's hair gets darker - [ some suggest it even may be why ` gentlemen prefer blondes ' as an evolutionarily tactic since it 's an indicator of youth ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2010/jun/04/men-blonde-women-attractive ) . 
  that 's interesting . 
  home-counties british english here and i ca n't hear a difference between ` blonde ' or ` blond ' but a noticeable one between fianc\u00e9 / fianc\u00e9e , close to the french ending ( ` ay ' or ` ee ' ) . 
  mind you , you do n't need the accents to work out where we stole that word from , too . 
  what do they do on a daily basis ? 
  you have a police officer in school full time ? 
  how big a school ? 
  if you get a metro bank account , you can avoid those charges . 
  i 'm getting one for just that reason , although i do n't think i want to use it as my main account simply because their logo is garish . 
  does that make me a bad person ? 
  ok , i 'm intrigued . 
  i 'll investigate at lunchtime ... 
  something to bear in mind is that most of europe will be more left-leaning than most of the us , so if what you 're looking for in new-sf is a just more liberal attitude , you may be able to find that anywhere . 
  anyway , i 'd also second bristol . 
  does n't ford usually mean river crossing , rather than fjord ? 
  if you 're coming to london for the war , do n't miss the imperial war museum . 
  ... christmas ? 
  posh / not-posh thing , i suspect . 
  we like to believe we * invented * the sandwich . 
  that 's probably the clearest . 
  we were ` team gb ' during the olympics and it was absolutely seen to be inclusive of ni . 
  if you want to be absolutely clear , go with the united kingdom and the republic of ireland . 
  i think that 's the concern . 
  i 'm fully aware of the controversy , and i do n't want to spark up disagreements nor say i think one view is right or wrong . 
  personally i think we should come up with a new name for the archipelago , although that 's unlikely . 
  but ( at least in the uk ) if i was to hear `` british isles '' i would assume the speaker was deliberately attempting to speak about both nations , whereas `` britain '' = uk only , `` great britain '' either = uk or scot/eng/wales . 
  out of intellectual laziness , i think i would assume someone on the internet using the term would be using it in the same way as me unless i knew i was speaking with someone irish , in which case i 'd use context . 
  so with a survey sample size of two - no , it 's still not a fully-determined phrase . 
  i love how the translations rhyme . 
  oh , come on . 
  * no-one * remembers the luxembourgish . 
  mostly local brews , although some are imported from elsewhere , including the us . 
  camden town , brewdog and meantime are our `` are they too big to still be called craft beer ? '', 
  contenders . 
  you do n't need to go overboard , you do n't need to insult and you certainly do n't need to stereotype . 
  of course there are arab people in your city . 
  i dare say their cultural norm is to have more children than you would . 
  but you seem to have forgotten that they are people first and foremost . 
  of course feelings have a place in politics . 
  empathy is humanities ' trump card , the collective term for our understanding that other people have their own hopes , dreams , fears and loves too . 
  the way you 're talking here , the way you seem to think insults are your only response ? 
  sounds like you might need to remember this . 
  ps - `` mangina ? 
  you can be better than this . 
   child-carriers * really ? 
  * that 's where 're you are in this argument ? 
  you 've dehumanised these people so much that you think of them as some sort of infestation , where the ` females ' are baby machines doing nothing other than attempting to rob you of your rights . 
  when did you have your empathy bypass ? 
  i 've always known it as the duck-billed platypus , so we double up there . 
  my fear is that snp 's success might mean labour could give up on scotland as a lost cause and focus even more on middle england . 
  ... although that might not be the case this time , with the likelihood of coalition discussions taking some time . 
  what have you got against the isle of wight ? 
  uk is french ? 
  but france is english !, 
  but top england is danish . 
  i think i 'm going to need some scrap paper and a pencil . 
  how close is that to the original lyrics ? 
  i 'm really impressed with the translator who got it to rhyme . 
  i think this proves that no-one really knows the difference between satsumas , tangerines , mandarins and clementines . 
  phones 4u actually has gone bust , so it 's not really relevant , but it was phone retailer , not a network . 
  i do n't believe they 'd 've made any more or less money from the roaming changes as they just sold handsets and tariffs . 
  is that better than 240v ( or 230 ) in the first place ? 
  what 's the 4th prong for ? 
  my czech friend asked me this frequently when she first moved here . 
  i think theirs is closer to what we call sponge flour . 
  this is the extent of my knowledge . 
  true . 
  although i think the concept of a hard border being installed might sway some people . 
  fightfightfightfight, 
  clotted cream . 
  it 's even thicker than whipped cream so it holds its shape . 
  followed by : ... and do you put : jam on first , then cream [ ] cream on first , then jam [ ], 
  what about [ sealand ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/principality_of_sealand ) , though ? 
  hey op , do you know which asians was meant in the question ? 
  does it mean east asia , south , sub-continental ? 
  i ca n't help feel that would have an impact . 
  ... and i thought it tasted more like tizer or irn-bru . 
  or perhaps dandelion and burdock . 
  one of 'em `` dunno what this tastes of '' drinks . 
  and of course that 's part of the issue . 
  in the uk , servers that come and talk to you too often are invasive , not helpful . 
  ( the fork thing 's good in any context , though ) . 
  well , til .
