  do you ? 
   this is a fight for power , not a fight against corruption . 
  and that 's exactly what the current corrupt elite would want you to believe . 
  they 're scared shitless that they might end up in prison and lose all power , so they try to portray themselves as victims in a power struggle against `` abusive '' prosecutors and judges controlled by shadowy forces . 
  well they did n't really allow it to happen so much that they hoped to create toothless anti-corruption agencies and policies to fulfill eu membership criteria , and those same policies and institutions eventually got out of control and came back to bite them in the ass . 
  for example , the special anti-corruption prosecutor 's office , the dna , which is leading the fight against corruption , was created by prime minister adrian nastase in 2000-2004 . 
  that same adrian nastase was subsequently jailed twice because of cases prosecuted by the dna . 
  this is hilarious, 
  funny , that 's exactly what they 're saying . 
  some corrupt politicians are so desperate to save face that they started comparing anti-corruption investigations today to the stalinist purges . 
  claim prosecutors started a reign of terror in romania , lol . 
  why are you giving this rathead attention ? 
  he does n't deserve any . 
  lol, 
  yes . 
  lots of atheists here declare themselves orthodox christian because they were baptized . 
  to be fair , approval ratings usually soar after such things . 
  iirc hollande 's rating also soared after the paris attacks , even though he seems to be almost universally despised by the french . 
  same thing happened with bush after 9/11, 
  [ you may find this useful ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/uniform ) . 
  this is n't about women in general , it 's about police officers in uniform . 
   maybe in 20 years , western europe will look in jealousy at eastern europe . 
  as long as they do n't come here and take our jobs . 
   with senior officials in brussels urging eu member states to capitalise on the `` political space '' left by britain 's decision to vote to leave . 
  in other words `` the brits fucked off , we can actually work now ! '', 
  they do n't . 
  britain 's tfr is below replacement level , same as everywhere in europe . 
  boris is a wanker , boris is a wanker , nananana , nananana edit : downvote me all you want , he 's still a [ wanker ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cfmbjdy.jpg ), 
  oh boy , by all means go ahead and make generalizations about millions of people based on a bullshit political narrative . 
  gee , i wonder who else does that . 
  it really amazes me how you can complain about others projecting and being dishonest while constantly doing the same thing . 
  yes , everybody knows that in the 1980s millions of romanians and bulgarians were swarming across europe to get to germany and sweden . 
  and they were all totally refugees , not economic migrants at all . 
  they are literally asking if increasing cultural diversity increases quality of life , and in no european country surveyed did a majority say yes . 
  notice how i also did n't say it was a * bad * thing , just that i do n't think it 's inherently good . 
  but by all means , go on about the close-minded right-wing circlejerk , after all strawmen make everything easier , right ? 
  do you people even read the article before asking questions like that ? 
  technically , if the host country does n't send you back it means that yes , it accepted you willingly . 
  i think we misunderstood each other . 
  i meant to say diversity is the goal of multiculturalism , regardless of its justification for maintaining or promoting that diversity . 
  and you have to concede that by doing that , it ( inadvertently or not ) encourages the idea that diversity in and of itself is a good thing , because not everybody understands the theory behind the practice , so to speak . 
  hence why so many people are positive that immigration enriches their country and opposing it is xenophobic or bigoted . 
  uh , yes it does . 
  multiculturalism aims to preserve cultural diversity specifically because it sees it as better than non-diversity . 
  hence the name . 
  it 's pretty much the fundamental goal of multiculturalism . 
  i think it has less to do with actually reducing immigration and more to do with media twattery like [ this ] ( http://www.business-review.eu/sidebar-featured/diicot-head-sky-news-feature-report-on-arms-trafficking-in-romania-was-staged-115074 ) . 
  so you 're saying sexism should be measured by subjective well-being instead of objective stuff like equal rights ? 
  this sounds weird i guess but i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i 'd also argue that america is backward when it comes to issues like creationism , abortion or mass shootings , but that does n't make it a backward country on the whole . 
  i know , right . 
  i mean look at japan and south korea , what a bunch of backward , insecure savages . 
   gypsy music is n't manele . 
  gypsy music is similar to what bregovic or kusturica play . 
  i think i know what kind of music people are talking about when they complain about `` parties with loud gypsy music '' . 
  hint : it 's not bregovic or kusturica . 
   yes romanians have many weird insults , e.g. 
  the disdain for seasonal agricultural workers in spain . 
  it 's almost like they despise people who make an honest living working hard . 
  it 's almost like you are talking out of your ass . 
  i 'm not even gon na argue about this because there is nothing to argue about . 
   also talking about ethnic romanians as a unitary bloc is a bit weird considering that 300-400 years ago the concept of romanian did n't even exist . 
  just 3 different voivodships that would kinda speak the same language but were often at war with each other and would raid each other and try to impose rulers on each other . 
  i think you confuse the concept of ethnicity with the concept of nationality . 
   considering that they do n't have a common history until recently ( read 150 years ) it 's kinda grand talking about `` romanian ethnicity '' . 
  but , sadly , ceausescu 's national-communism took its toll on history education and produced these myths . 
  i assume you also believe there is no such thing as ethnic germans or italians ? 
  i know , but like i said it 's a question of perception . 
  indonesia is the largest muslim country in the world , but most people think of it as asian first and muslim second ( assuming they even know it 's muslim , because you do n't really hear a lot about that in the media ) . 
  i like you . 
  i 'm actually more surprised people upvoted this shit . 
  by op 's logic the entire balkan area should be one ethnicity , because romanians , bulgarians , serbs etc. 
  have a lot of cultural similarities . 
  also , saying that 80 % of romanians listen to `` gypsy music '' is downright retarded , considering most romanians despise that kind of music . 
  calling someone a [ manelist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manele ) is almost an insult here . 
  this seems quite reasonable tbh . 
  i never understood why `` diversity '' should be a goal in and of itself . 
  yeah , but when people say `` asian '' they think china or thailand , not the middle east edit : yeah , i know this does n't apply to the uk . 
  [ yeah , or saving other people 's ungrateful asses while our own healthcare system is going down the drain ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/07/romanian-health-service-crisis-doctors-uk ), 
   if you talk ethnicity , well , they 're also romanians since ethnicity means `` the fact or state of belonging to a social group that has a common national or cultural tradition '' and plenty of romanians who have adopted the same culture and habits as the gypsies/roma . 
  are we going to pretend for example that 80 % of the population does n't listen to gypsy music , especially at their parties ? 
  al-qaeda was formed in 1988 , and turned against the us in 1990 , so yes , the us and al-qaeda were on the same side so to speak for a grand total of ... 2 years ? 
  as for isis , i think the syrian war was a much bigger factor in turning them into what they are today . 
  applying this sort of logic , assad is actually responsible for isis just as much as the usa is . 
  funding the mujahideen to fight the soviets is not the same as `` funding al-qaeda '' . 
  arming syrian rebels to fight against assad is not the same as `` creating and arming isis '' . 
  if i give you money today and you become a terrorist in a couple of years , does that make me responsible for your terrorism ? 
  i think not . 
  he did n't praise putin per se afaik , but he 's certainly very friendly towards the guy . 
  even the [ guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/apr/02/tsipras-moscow-risks-putin-useful-idiot ) thinks they are a little too close . 
  i do n't even think they are trolls . 
  there 's a lot of people who actually believe the us is some sort of boogeyman that spreads terrorism and violence around the world for ~ * reasons * ~ . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexis_tsipras ) you go . 
  it 's ignorant , armchair analyst bullshit is what it is . 
  woah , / r/conspiracy is leaking . 
  wow . 
  we really should have more polls like this , that way we could also confirm the long-standing hypothesis that the sky is blue . 
  hah , i can almost imagine him going on a bare-handed killing spree in the church . 
  this is gold, 
  care to elaborate on that one ?
