  speak for yourself . 
  the so-called left over here are basically right-wing populists dressed in red . 
  deciding who gets to steal them . 
  if my taxes are gon na end up in other people 's pockets , i at least expect those people to pretend they think like me !, 
  he mentioned brussels , nice and germany . 
  he was clearly alluding to terrorist attacks . 
  imagine if they decided to have women-only traincars in europe , the far-right would have a field day . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  exactly , they 've been propping up the assad dictatorship ever since the war began , and were directly supporting them even before that . 
  they gave them financial aid to counter western sanctions , provided arms and technical assistance , and they sent troops to fight on assad 's side , including republican guards , hezbollah and even afghan refugees which they recruit and send there to fight in exchange for iranian citizenship . 
  mind you , syria is a sunni-majority country led by a shia-minority government , and iran has had a major role in escalating the war . 
  i read an article about sweden 's handling of the refugee crisis ( ca n't remember the source , this was a while ago ) and they basically stated that while many swedes thought iraqis and afghans would be more difficult to integrate than yugoslavs because of significant cultural differences , they would n't say this openly because they were wary of being labelled racist . 
  i 'm not saying this is true or false , but it shows there has been some discussion about it in sweden at least . 
  well you did that , not me . 
  yeah , and because i pointed out that iran is n't some harmless little bullying victim like others here make them out to be i have to get lectured on american imperialism . 
  give me a break . 
  well that 's light years away from one of the most corrupt in the world, 
  ah yes , post a shitload of factual inaccuracies and then accuse me of being `` easily impressed by slogans '' when i respond . 
  why do n't you take your anti-american circlejerk to / r/shitamericanssay , i 'm sure they 'll love you there . 
   yes , the us did fun taliban mate , in the 80s and in the 2000s . 
  so they funded the taliban in the 80s when they did n't exist , and also in the 00s , when they were fighting against them . 
  sound logic there mate . 
   it was no terror group like al-qaeda was , it became one after the us invaded afghanistan because the taliban offered bin laden sanctuary . 
  no , it was n't a terror group , it was a barbaric caliphate-like state that overthrew the legitimate government of afghanistan and was n't recognized by any country in the world . 
  they were basically the isis of the 90s . 
   not saying pakistan did not help the taliban , but they merely traded and left them alone , its not like pakistan is shoveling money to them out of the good of their hearts or anything . 
  they did n't `` merely trade '' with them , most of the taliban are trained in pakistani madrassas and pakistani intelligence actively supports them . 
  they even [ airlifted ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kunduz_airlift ) their men so the americans would n't get them . 
  they do it because they want to spread influence in central asia as a counterbalance to india , which scares them shitless . 
   a romanian , resident of one of the most corrupt governments in the world , that 's rich . 
  let me guess , you get your news from breitbart ? 
   before the coup iran was much like morocco or tunez - places where religion was important , but not that much . 
  and it was the same after the coup too . 
  it was the islamist revolution in 1979 that turned iran into a theocracy , and the us actively opposed that . 
   had the us not gone batshit funding the talibans , they 'd died out eventually . 
  the taliban were created and funded by pakistan ( who still support them to this day ) and had nothing to do with the us . 
  i assume you 're actually referring to the mujahideen , who they did fund until the soviets left afghanistan in 1989 , after which a power sharing agreement was reached in the country and the us stopped funding them because they lost interest . 
  if anybody 's responsible for the shitshow that is afghanistan today , it 's pakistan , not america . 
  pax americana is pretty much ending , i mean look at [ this shit ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:ongoing_conflicts_around_the_world.svg ) . 
  it 's probably got to do with the whole missile shield thing , which is supposedly there to stop iranian missiles . 
  at least i ca n't think of any other reason . 
  but i still thought russia would be way higher that iran , even in 2013 . 
  you obviously know fuck-all about either of them . 
  the taliban are mostly funded and supported by pakistan . 
  `` facts . '', 
  right . 
  let 's just ignore all the state-sponsored terrorism that iran carried out against israel and elsewhere and all the shit they 've been doing in lebanon and syria , which led to thousands of people being killed . 
  after all , the americans did that coup thing in ' 53 , so iran = good , usa = bad , right ? 
  i 'm sure there 's no agenda behind that thing whatsoever . 
  frontex is a border security agency , not a military organization . 
  it has everything to do with immigration . 
  well i mean it 's pretty ridiculous to talk about `` fortress europa '' when hundreds of thousands of migrants basically waltz in every year, 
  we could have a european anticorruption agency headquartered in bucharest . 
  i imagine most of their work would be done here anyway, 
  tell that to all the religious nuts who keep saying romanians are by definition orthodox . 
  many of my friends are atheist or agnostic but i 've also met loads of people who give you blank stares and act like you 're not right in the head if you tell them you do n't believe in god . 
  this is hilarious . 
  reminds me of [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjwrz1-wjsi ), 
  that a way more detailed answer than i expected , thanks , 
  how does hydro allow large number of turbines ? 
  afaik we have a lot of wind power now because dobrogea has great wind potential , not because of rivers or anything . 
  retarded leftists , which in retarded right-wingers ' view constitute * all * leftists , and maybe centrists too . 
  you may find this surprising but many people in romania ( and i assume other `` religious '' european countries ) have the same attitude . 
  lots of people , including lax christians or parts of the `` spiritual but not religious '' crowd find it utterly bizarre that someone would not believe in a higher power . 
  this has nothing to do with culture , it has to do with certain religious institutions and people in power who give undue weight to those institutions in society . 
  my conclusion pretty much reflected what you said in your comment . 
  i 'm sorry if that offends you . 
  i 'm not saying the guy is lying , but i was at the protests and the story seems pretty dubious imo . 
  there were arrests and a lot of tear gas was used , but that was mostly because certain protesters kept throwing shit at the gendarmes even though others were telling them to stop . 
  i did n't see any gendarmes beating or arresting random people . 
  also , i find it hard to believe something like this would n't somehow get more attention , especially since the president himself ordered an investigation into the gendarmes ' conduct iirc . 
  so ... a grand total of three transvestites ? 
  you have to consider that the ruling party here uses some pretty strong nationalist rhetoric , and they regularly try to demonize protesters as traitors and foreign shills while pretending they represent the romanian people . 
  people waving flags at anti-government protests are basically saying `` no , fuck you , * we * are the people . '', 
  edit : btw , ukrainians did the same during [ euromaidan ] ( http://ukrainecry.com/evromaidan1/01_12/storonniki_evrointegracii_1_dekabrja_v_kieve.jpg ) . 
  that 's because the red was subjected to spillage . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  we 've just had elections in december and they keep saying they have the democratic mandate . 
  no , they 're waiting for the public outrage to blow over, 
   the eastern europeans who come to the us are , in general , not the eastern europeans who are happy with the way things are going . 
  and a lot of them tend to be swarthy , because each country has it 's own version of race stuff going on . 
  that does n't really make sense considering that eastern europe is quite possibly the whitest region in the world . 
  literally the only people who could be considered swarthy here are gypsies , and they are an absolute minority even in the few countries where there are significant populations of them ( at most 5 % i believe ) . 
  and they tend to stay in europe , because it 's far more convenient than migrating all the way to north america . 
  yes , i know it 's difficult for law enforcement to do their jobs under these circumstances . 
  no , i still do n't think it 's normal for them to wait for victims to come begging for their help to stop specific crimes which , again , are * reported on in the fucking press . 
  * this is not a vague `` people are getting abused across a certain country '' shit , this is a specific location where specific problems have been uncovered . 
  though i concede a large part of the blame lies with certain ngos who seem more concerned with money and virtue signaling than actually helping vulnerable people . 
  i do n't see how that relates to my comment . 
  well maybe i 'm not getting the full picture here , but if there were news stories in romania about a camp where people are routinely beaten and raped by armed traffickers that are basically holding them hostage , authorities would be legally obligated to intervene even without a formal complaint , otherwise there would be a public outrage . 
  does n't french criminal law allow for ex officio intervention ? 
  well the pizza bianca that i saw in italy was basically a flatbread with olive oil on it . 
  i did n't know it could have other toppings too, 
  neither is pizza bianca , yet i 've never heard people complain about it . 
  french authorities should n't give a flying fuck if `` these guys '' refused their help , as long as they 're in france , they have to respect french laws and the authorities have an obligation to investigate and take appropriate action . 
  you ca n't have people doing shit like this on your territory and be like `` oh , they 're in a transit camp for refugees , it 's not our problem '', 
  i do n't understand why people are blaming the uk for not helping the victims . 
  if it 's happening on french territory , it should be the french government 's problem . 
  ah , casa jurnalistului , the edgy vice news-wannabees of romania . 
  they booed them and tried talking them down but eventually things got out of control .
