actually , lgbt discrimination is illegal in romania , but so is same-sex marriage , so we 're kinda in between . 
  do n't be silly , everybody knows romanians are central europeans , thanks to our ~ ~ inferiority complex ~ ~ glorious latin heritage . 
   international bankers you mean jews , right ? 
  do n't know man , i 've counted every tree in that photo and still did n't get to 60,000 . 
  how the hell do you fit 60,000 trees into one square km ? 
  yes , because the solution to immigrant crime is bringing back nazism . 
  some of them are , actually . 
  i 'm from bucharest . 
  what is arges ? 
  [ behold , the most accurate map of romania ever produced ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qwwvg0j.png ), 
  i understood `` fick '' . 
  `` integrating '' is a very strong word there . 
  `` joined '' would be a better choice . 
  damn straight . 
  [ especially if they 're from florida ] ( / r/floridaman ) . 
  it 's not `` reciprocity '' in the first place . 
  i 'm an eu citizen and i ca n't travel to the us without a visa . 
  indeed , you prolly would 've been better off under this [ guy ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-07-28/orban-says-he-seeks-to-end-liberal-democracy-in-hungary ) . 
  [ pfft , amateurs ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/dam/assets/150331215427-traffic-bucharest-1280x720.jpg ), 
  i know , but it sounds better than cvm, 
  mcv has nothing to do with schengen . 
  no homo, 
  i always knew mary lied about being a virgin, 
  if you 're concerned about my sex life why not help out and bend over eh ? 
  edgy, 
  there are some good state universities in bucharest and cluj , some of which offer english-language courses as well . 
  private universities on the other hand are a joke , quality-wise . 
  i guess it depends a lot on the degree you 're interested in . 
  as for weed , it 's classified as an illegal low-risk drug , which means possession will usually net you a fine of $ 150 or more , depending on the quantity you 're caught with . 
  on the other hand , police usually place a low priority on users ( they 're more concerned with catching dealers ) and consumption itself is n't illegal ( unlike , say , france or sweden ) , so as long as you use basic common sense like not carrying large quantities on you and not being conspicuous about your smoking , you should be fine . 
  you need to know a trusted dealer though , or at least a friend with a trusted dealer , because you ca n't find it in nightclubs or on the streets . 
  also , the standard price is about 60 lei ( $ 12-15 ) / gram , which is outrageous in my opinion , but what are you gon na do . 
  bottom line , if you want to smoke weed in romania , it 's best you do it with a local you trust , at least at first . 
  it 's a stereotype that we have around here . 
  moldovan girls are hotter , crazier and/or easier than those from other parts of romania . 
  doubly so if they 're from the actual republic of moldova . 
  you need to watch out for golddiggers though , because both moldovas are really poor . 
  you ca n't bribe your way into becoming a judge , there 's computerized exams you need to pass and shit like that . 
  yeah , that was my first reaction as well, 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  why should we , or any other european country , have to deal with millions of arab refugees when rich arab countries like saudi arabia or the uae are n't lifting a finger ? 
  how come we have a moral responsibility to help these people and make sacrifices for them while their own neighbors do nothing of the sort ? 
  also , the idea that we are somehow responsible for the middle east being fucked up is hilarious . 
  romanians themselves were oppressed by muslim turks for centuries , but you do n't see us blaming turkey for our problems . 
  this sort of mentality only encourages corruption and irresponsibility , because instead of forcing people to find solutions themselves , you just give them a scapegoat while they continue to do everything wrong . 
  i know , but i sure as shit would n't want us to become a sex tourist destination like ukraine or certain asian countries . 
  i would n't say they are terrified , they just do n't think our government should take care of refugees when it can barely take care of its own citizens . 
  whatever it is , you need have to afford it first , no ? 
  they are , but they 're also really expensive compared to local wages . 
  i 'm glad it 's none of that `` our women are the most beautiful in da world '' crap that we seem to love bragging about . 
  that shit feels almost like an invitation for all sorts of creeps to come here, 
  in the grand scheme of things , it is * very * insignificant . 
  these threads are just glorified message boards and they have no more influence on real world events than the 4channers who think * they * somehow memed trump intro the white house . 
  no , it was the tens of millions of people who voted for him , not 4chan . 
  it 's the same thing with this . 
  / r/worldnews threads are like cigarettes . 
  each one shortens your lifespan by a few minutes . 
  ah , yes , reddit threads . 
  the prime indicator of international relations and alliances . 
  fine , so he pulls the us out of nato . 
  does that mean nato suddenly ceases to exist ? 
  no , it does not . 
  not to mention that i do n't think he 'd ever do something like that in the first place . 
  the guy simply said nato countries should actually fund their own armed forces instead of letting the us foot the bill and reddit 's doomsayer brigade took that to mean that he 's gon na let russia invade europe . 
  ridiculous . 
  winner must win most popular votes , plus we have a two round system . 
  you realize trump is just president , not all-power dictator , right ? 
  i legit would n't be surprised if he gets impeached at some point . 
  the uk itself made that very unlikely in the past , talks have actually gained some momentum now that you guys left . 
  we are . 
  we just need somebody to point our finger at . 
  europe is n't exactly a pushover . 
  russia has a large military but so does the eu if you add them all together . 
  well trump being president and britain leaving the eu also seemed wishful thinking half a year ago . 
  we had a similar situation with our presidential election in romania two years ago , when a guy who everybody predicted would lose the election actually won by a 10 % margin . 
  right now nothing would surprise me anymore . 
  calling it right now : russia elects an ultra-liberal president over putin in 2018 , does a complete 180 and joins the eu . 
  i do n't know which europe you live in , because according to opinion polls nobody here likes him . 
  the only country with a pro-trump majority is russia, 
  personally i still ca n't believe this is happening . 
  this is like brexit 2.0 , if trump wins a lot of people are gon na have a surprise when they wake up, 
  you 've just given me a mental image that i do not want to have, 
  the apprentice, 
  goddamn , how slow are they counting those votes in florida ? 
  it 's like they 're doing it on purpose to maintain suspense, 
  you do realize america does n't get to unilaterally disband nato , right ? 
  you mean regio trains , accelerat and personal do n't exist anymore . 
  just because the economists were wrong does n't mean the people were right . 
  economic forecasts are hardly an exact science and they get revised all the time . 
  i love how they treat declining vodka consumption as some sort of national emergency . 
  would love to see a news piece on britain going to shit because tea consumption was affected by brexit . 
  was n't juppe convicted too , though ? 
  yeah , it 's usually not the law-abiding democrats who buy guns for `` political purposes ', 
  would you prefer [ this ] ( http://wp.libertatea.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ferentari-1.jpg ) ? 
  or maybe [ this ] ( https://satul70.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/groapa-de-gunoi-cluj.jpg ) ? 
  which ones ? 
  are you suggesting living in romania is better than in america ? 
  because if you do , you are delusional . 
  ** edit ** : congratulations , r/europe . 
  the circlejerk has reached a point where you guys are literally saying the richest country on earth is worse off than a small balkan nation that people are fleeing in droves .
