  # #remainia, 
  to be fair , the ceausescu nostalgia hit its peak during the recession . 
  it 's getting better now . 
  there is no evidence . 
  this is standard authoritarian bs , just look at russia and you 'll see the same pattern . 
  as soon as shit hits the fan , they start pointing fingers at `` foreign powers '' which almost invariably are western . 
  which airport is that ? 
  no , he is just a populist who preys on voters ' ignorance . 
  just like erdogan . 
  should n't you be more worried about [ this guy ] ( http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/56feb17752bcd01b008ba4e8-480/donald-trump.jpg ) ? 
  turkey was already a european champion in human rights abuses , if you think suspending the echr wo n't lead to even more of the same you are either naive or misinformed . 
  i did n't question any of that . 
  figures , why else would they suspend that pesky echr . 
  stop calling him dick-tator , it 's hard to take you seriously like that . 
  the problem with that argument is that 1960s ideas might turn out to be anachronistic today . 
  globalization and deindustrialization have really made their mark on europe and the working classes are n't what they used to be . 
   a crucial difference between the right and the left is that the right thrives on deepening divisions in society -- `` us '' versus `` them '' -- while the left , when successful , overcomes these cleavages through reforms that bridge them . 
  as a right-leaning liberal , it pisses me off when i see this kind of reductionist bs . 
  the left can absolutely be just as divisive as the right , and by no means does it have some exclusive prerogative over gap-bridging reforms . 
  in fact , the modern welfare state itself was created by right-wing conservatives in germany to prevent a leftist uprising like the paris commune . 
  i guess it 's not hard to figure out which way the author is leaning . 
  yeah , better leave it to the americans with their extraordinary renditions , right ? 
  was n't gullen praised for his `` modern '' interpretation of islam though ? 
  that 's pure speculation . 
  you must know a lot about western culture if you think that . 
  indeed . 
  also , the russian government 's homophobic policies are justified because the bible says so . 
  this is far past anything that is actually `` liberal '' . 
  john oliver has the sense of humor of a 12-yo . 
   ah , ~ ~ politicians ~ ~ populists . 
  ftfy, 
  source ? 
  the last thing europe needs right now is to become even more divided, 
  i guess we deserve that . 
  it 's from german , it 's roughly pronounced veltunshaunng . 
   cosmovision i really like this word . 
   because i am russian . 
  ahem . 
   yeah , the wife that also gave veiled death threats to employees . 
  source ? 
   yeah , because someone who wanted to fake they 're own death would never think it 's a good idea to plant their documents and phones on the body double . 
  so who is the body double then ? 
   its not unreasonable to doubt the competence of prosecutors and investigators in a country where it 's possible to sell diluted disinfectants to hospitals all across the country for years and nobody noticing . 
   is n't it a bit too convenient ... 
  it 's odd , but that does n't necessarily mean anything . 
  `` be in '' on what exactly ? 
  prosecutors stated the body was unequivocally identified by his wife , also they found his phones , his id and his driver 's license on the body . 
  unless you believe in some ridiculous conspiracy involving himself and his family , the prosecutors , * and * the forensic investigators , i 'd say that pretty much leaves no doubt as to who the guy in the car was . 
  he was identified in the autopsy , there 's pretty much no doubt left that it was him . 
  was n't this nazi propaganda to convince germany to find till the end ? 
   shady crap is happening in favor of another candidate . 
  people are not gon na vote for him , get your tinfoil off, 
  we 'd still be the worst, 
  careful with that edge , bro , you might cut someone, 
  spain was lower than romania in 1938 , now it 's nearly three times higher . 
  ahem , maybe belgium had a half century of peace and calm . 
  eastern europe was a totalitarian shithole during that time . 
  not to mention some nice little blokes like the ira or eta . 
   acting european means discriminating innocent people based on their religion exactly where did i say that ? 
   the 60000 muslims in bucharest need to pray in soccer stadiums this is some proper bs right here . 
  there are no 60,000 muslims in bucharest , and those that are here certainly do n't pray in football stadiums . 
   we didnt destroy europe no more than a few muslims will and no more than our own muslims destroyed our `` superior '' culture last i heard , romanian migrants were n't blowing up innocent people in western europe because their local priests made them think that 's god 's will . 
  maybe you should get your head out of your ass and stop comparing apples to oranges . 
  i do n't think it 's shitty for europeans to want people in europe to act european imho . 
  you mean the eu 's first , right ? 
  muslim-majority countries like albania or bosnia probably had them long ago, 
  it 's alright , seems like you have a pretty good narrative going on there yourself . 
  he 's been convicted for theft . 
  yes , cause anybody opposed to immigration is a stormfronter . 
  look at this motherfucker , actually reading the article instead of just bitching about the whole thing, 
  success breeds hatred, 
  i think he 's referring to his battalion in particular , romanian forces were all over the place in afghanistan and iraq, 
  that little `` no '' that you typed is n't going to change reality . 
  france seems to be weirdly antisemitic though ( 37 % according to your link ) , it would fit perfectly in eastern europe . 
  it 's not a * cultural * thing per se , but it 's way more common in some cultures than in others . 
  that 's not really an argument . 
  i 'm pretty sure average romanians would 've been shocked if they visited auschwitz as well . 
  i do n't know where your colleague picked that up but it sounds like an urban legend or something . 
  romania did n't send people to the nazis afaik , we ran our own concentration camps . 
  do n't mean to be pedantic but there is no way romania was more damaged by the war than france . 
  it was poorer , yes , but there was a lot less fighting here than there . 
  i 'd say the big difference came afterwards , when france was liberated and started rebuilding ( and was also given loads of money to do that ) while romania was being openly occupied and plundered by the soviets . 
  i do n't think it 's that mind-boggling , sadly bigotry is alive and well across the world . 
  why dress them like jews when they could 've been sent as gypsies anyway ? 
  well could you please explain to my sweet summer ass in which universe does germany think it 's racist to do that ? 
  because in our universe they are deporting `` non-whites '' by the hundreds of thousands . 
  unless you 're implying germany is openly being racist , which i do n't think is the case . 
  you 'd probably be better off asking this in / r/askeurope, 
  are these people serious ? 
   [ germany aims to deport record number of rejected asylum seekers in 2017 ] ( http://fortune.com/2017/02/19/germany-deports-asylum-seekers/ ) nobody said deporting non-whites is racist . 
   if properly regulated, 
  you guys do n't ? 
  i wish i had a dollar for every time when somebody reads one of these clickbait pieces of shit and then alludes to nineteen eighty-four . 
  i 'd probably be broke because they all think it 's called `` 1984 '' instead . 
   the romanian who established first contact with extraterrestrials and invented wireless communication systems . 
  romanian journalism , ladies and gentlemen . 
  i find it hilarious that turkey calls turkey `` india . '', 
  i also like how slovaks call it `` sea-thing . '', 
  i meant that because of our peculiar post-communist political landscape our left wing is actually more socially conservative and nationalist than the right . 
  economy-wise i do n't think there 's much difference between them in practice .
