  [ 1400 ] ( http://gutenberg.spiegel.de/buch/das-narrenschiff-2985/1 ) is already harder and you need some vocabulary help . 
   i had no idea something ever existed , let alone in the late 18th century . 
  i thought you were talking about the war in yugoslavia . 
  the french girl was the only one mentioning slut `` but this one is horrible '' and nobody said cunt ? 
  of course primarily , but not exclusively , for women `` fotze '' ( cunt ) is very popular in german . 
  but not to be used in harsh everyday language . 
  pronounced f-o ( as in cock ) - ts-uh [ `` huh , what handicap do you have ? '', 
  `` tourette , you cunt '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag7jibhs08g ), 
  explain malaka . 
  hehe mpastarde , ~ ~ \u00df ~ ~ \u03b2 is pronounced like an e in modern greek ? 
  wikipedia is faster : \u03b2 = vita ! = beta, 
  why would n't the women fight , or the children ? 
  fuck them , i do n't want to die and i assume they do n't want to either . 
  yeah , i agree . 
   getting very well paid if you go on a peace keeping mission for instance kosovo . 
  you 're german , right ? 
  that 's our propaganda !, 
  slovak redditors must have so many upvotes , if they ca n't say anything bad on the internet . 
  you can got jail for criticizing neo nazis in slovakia ? 
  what does `` the next few weeks the netherlands will also inevitably have to go through the pump . '', 
  mean ? 
  to go through the pump ? 
  they get a ski mask , helmets , shields and batons , to not frighten people with their faces . 
   france welcomed the first of 1,000 migrants it has pledged to take from germany , having committed to receive 24,000 migrants over two years . 
  this is from your bbc story link in the post before . 
  but i agree , when border countries are struggling to keep the amount of refugees under control and their country in order for their own citizens , as in budapest , probably not only concentrated around that one train station , then it is a dick move to say into tv cameras , that germany would accept every syrian refugee when they come here . 
  we do send people back , / u/svorky posted a table in a later post in this thread , but we present us far more welcoming in the public . 
  a rather coordinated handling of the situation with other eu states , even if it 's only speaking with one voice , would be more helpful , in my opinion . 
  another thing is the amount of non-monetary and monetary benefits that asylants get here . 
  apparently our laws state this as inevitable and i do n't know how feasible a change of those are . 
  i guess the best procedure would be a registration in countries of arrival and a subsequent distribution into eu countries . 
  if there is no quota system , then the distribution might be done according to voluntary quotas , but if there is a major change in eu rules , then people do n't want a half-assed solution , because negotiations are too time consuming . 
  edit : the `` welcoming '' links ( first four ) in your post before were from 2014 . 
  on the one hand , as / u/svorky mentioned , rather aimed at the interior of germany , on the other hand before the vast increase in refugee numbers and a pressing condition in border countries of the eu . 
  in the last , 800k link the number of what to expect was merely mentioned , nobody was encouraged to act , neither one way , nor the other . 
  and ? 
  did you ? 
  did you ? 
  the gypsies !, 
   and that system has served them very well . 
  i would n't say that about the system we developed . 
  i assumed the system ggwhatever talked about , would be one that was not developed in the last 70 years , but during a longer time period . 
  but i would say , that `` that system has served [ us ] very well '' . 
  wait , you ca n't have democracy and not democracy . 
  how can `` equal representation among member states of the eu '' be considered democratic ? 
  that system got them two of your atomic bombs . 
  we could change our welfare system . 
  the refugees are mostly male . 
  lose ~ ~ lose ~ ~ win . 
  well , if the eu would become democratic , probably more people would vote and be interested in the parliament 's decisions . 
  but you emphasized the missing democratic aspect in my post and if the eu would become a democracy , then 80million voters would have the same voting power as some other 80million voters . 
  that 's democratic , is n't it ? 
  you could say it is a passive resistance . 
  exactly , 25 % of our population is represented by the government . 
  still the process is called democratic and they got the majority of votes , but they did n't get the mandate of the majority of voters . 
  by the way , in last election of our parliament about 70 % voted , so my numbers were wrong , but can still serve as an example . 
  maybe they protest by not taking part . 
  spoiled ballot does n't do anything different than not voting . 
  then take the example of almost 50 % of voters voted and one party got slightly over 50 % of the votes . 
  still only about 25 % of the possible voters voted for said party and they will form the government . 
  i wish the election results would also be presented in this way and not only in percentage of valid votes . 
  ok , i just saw , that for the election of the bundestag , much more people voted . 
  in the case of the european parliament the numbers are worse . 
  still it is possible in a democracy , that much less than 50 % of the voters voted in favour of the winning party . 
  winning party is the one who got the majority of votes . 
  yep , also relative majority . 
  i edited my comment , but the `` majority '' in a democracy , does n't nee to be more than 50 % . 
  the majority , aka the largest minority , decides . 
  if every country votes for itself , then that would be the germans . 
  if not , germans would still be the group with the most impact . 
  actually sounds * very * democratic ... edit : to give you an example how that works : our biggest party got less than 50 % of the votes in the last election . 
  about 50 % of germans who have the right to vote , voted . 
  so about 75 % of our population is ignored , when the decision who gets to appoint the chancellor and most of the government was made . 
  if it were democratic it would look to the country with the biggest population and then to the coutry with the second biggest population . 
  i hope one day you 'll read at least the first sentence of your link , which contains my criticism on your comment in different words . 
  yes , but they are not the ones contributing to / r/europe , or the daily news about the refugee crisis . 
  you sure that schlesien is a refugee , not an economic migrant ? 
  i do n't know him , just wanted to make a nazi reference . 
  you do know the difference between `` germans welcome refugees . '', 
  and `` all germans welcome refugees . '' ? 
  those who welcomed the refugees were germans , but the sentence does n't refer to all of them . 
  if you read `` football fans cheer for 1 fc fu\u00dffehler . '', 
  you do n't think , that every football fan cheers for the fc , but those who did were football fans . 
  what does this have to do with fears ? 
  something i never understood about homophobia `` discussions '' few months ago . 
  it 's possible , that someone simply do n't want different people near them . 
  by claiming they fear what you have a different opinion of , you deny them the ability to reason and thus just insult your opponent , which wo n't further your or anyones ' cause . 
  one of the points the eu has some work to do . 
  the present situation of border states have the burden of dealing with the refugees , although financially compensated , is an utterly national one . 
  if the eu would act as a whole , there would n't be the diagreement on the distribution the refugees and the flow of people could be controlled on the outer eu borders and not the inner borders between border states and core states . 
  a change of this system , by introduction of quotas , or something else , is something that has to be done for the next war brought to our neighbourhood , but then we still have n't solved the immediate situation , for which the eu bureaucracy is too slow . 
  in the german embassy of prague , there were how many refugees , few thousand ? 
  1945 lies seventy years in the past , to remember your flight , or your help for refugees you 'd have to be 80 today . 
   [ an asylum seeker ] may have family or friends here and thus has a pretty legit reason to want to get to [ a country of choice ] if there is a posssiblity of interpreting your post as  [ an asylum seeker ] may have family or friends here and thus has a pretty legit reason to get to [ a country of choice ] by not making it clear , that this is no reason to let him choose the country which grants him help , but only a reason for his preferences , i can understand the -40 downvotes of yours . 
  he 's literally hitler !, 
  mostly hate . 
  what does the / s mean ? 
  i held the can backwards ... 
  the best thing about doing this is the joy of anticipation . 
  you sit there with the spray can and the ants run around like `` do n't worry guys , there 's no spray paint here ! '',
