  dammit , i need a wife . 
  they only depicted france and austria . 
  who do you think the man in the dress was ? 
  wtf germany , i thought i am safe here . 
  do we talk about refugees or immigrants ? 
  you start your comment with refugees , but switch to immigrants when talking about profit . 
  immigrants are basically here to work . 
  they should work , so the rest of us does n't have to provide for them . 
  not necessarily true for russians . 
  knew `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' , one parent was a engineer , but it was n't recognized . 
  so he worked in facility management . 
  also the highst school degree , which serves as a admission to university in germany , is not recognized from morocco . 
  dunno about syria . 
  german won football word champion in 1954 , 1974 , 1990 , 2014 . 
  now talk about that !, 
  i would think in every country . 
  / u/bayern _ 16 's comment sounded discouraging to an attempt to migrate and get citizenship , but the years it takes is nothing special about germany . 
  for me scotland and the others are just parts of england . 
  those vuvuzelas . 
  yo , 1966 was won by a lying , blind , bribed russian lineman . 
  nix won alone . 
  for not trying to offend anyone you 're quite insisting on the topic , my finnish friend , are n't you ? 
  why , what happened in 1966 ? 
  did the russians betray us , or something ? 
  poland is a safe country , you 'll be sent back within 6 days . 
  apply in germany , you 'll get sent back immediately as well , but due to german efficiency our administration takes 3-4 months for that . 
  so 3-4 \\* 10577pln, 
  no , you just have to pay . 
  oh , come on , give me a source for that . 
  i ca n't just tell this story to others without citing a source . 
  you have to live several years in a country to be able to apply for citizenship , i suppose ? 
  wow sounds surprisingly reasonable that guy . 
  i read till `` happiness '' , who offers more ? 
  when i visited some friends close to the netherlands border it took me a minute to find a free parking spot . 
  on my way to their place i realized that i parked in the netherlands . 
  i would n't have waited 5 minutes in no line , because there are no borders anymore . 
  we are one big country . 
  there is no way of going backwards , check your priorities . 
  edit : when i was a student in aachen , i simply hopped in the bus to get to maastricht as i would to downtown aachen . 
  i would n't notice if we were already through vaals , or over what fictional lines on some map . 
  this shit is great !, 
  i would n't accept less . 
  yes , there are scientologists in germany and they practice legally . 
  a big center , or at least building is in hamburg near the binnenalster , famous and expensive place there . 
  i am sure there are many more . 
  they are not a tax-exempt church and are under surveillance by verfassungsschutz , a secret agency responsible for the interior of germany . 
  what happened in france ? 
  i agree , it 's only that i do n't want to be called a good christian , because i am doing good . 
  i can do so without religion . 
  and european value would be something what i wanted to find in a declaration , or eu self defining text and i think , i hope , that it 's nowhere mentioned , that the eu is based on christianity , or values especially christian values . 
  nazis are illegal , occultism is legal , i guess . 
  i do n't know about the term religion , if that has any legal meaning . 
  when you are referring to scientology i guess you 're thinking of the fact , that the `` church of scientology '' is not recognized as a church . 
  how is it belgium , if a religion believes in illegal practices , is that protected by the state , or is it still illegal ? 
  i think the necessary rules for a society to work are practically the same in all working guidlines , as all major religions , or human rights , or similar . 
  i myself , just do n't want to be identified with any religion and i can still behave as a decent human being . 
  so i would n't let this good behaviour be called christian , although maybe appropriate , because non-christians could act similarly good . 
  i do n't think that the eu says in any way , that it is based on christianity , although poland , among others , wanted that . 
  those self defining text is what i 'd look at , when i wanted to find european values . 
  last but not least , the tone in these asylum seeker posts gets harsher and harsher . 
  fanning the flames by insisting on a religion , or values of the same , does n't make it better . 
  anyway , no hard feelings ... all good !, 
  and we ? 
  there are not many places you can live in germany , if you call the czechs glorious neighbors from the south . 
  i mean the south part . 
  of course , they are glorious . 
  we do n't have to be the ones with most asylum seekers per capita . 
  charlemagne was slightly dyslexic himself . 
  in that sense he was not overall german , but had a french touch . 
  there is a top post about the arrival of asylum seekers in vienna and munich in / r/europe . 
  man , that sounds really shitty . 
  and `` escorting '' them to bicske is probably no option ? 
  :-) no you ca n't give it to them , or it does n't belong to them ? 
  i have some trust issues with secret agencies . 
  but with a beer in the biergarten and a game of skat , one can talk and think about , what if . 
  and even with the ( skat ) cards you are dealt , there sure is some evil conspiracy behind that . 
  well , if maidan did n't happen , the annexation of the crimea would n't have happened would n't it . 
  and if the annexation did n't happen , i do n't know if the new government would still agree to the pact . 
  hmm , that means , even if you 're not recognized as a refugee , but have still the status as an asylum seeker , you get that money ? 
  how did i blame anybody ? 
  i learned something today . 
  ah , so they are officially moved to the train stations , but are not allowed to get on any train ? 
  i do n't know where you get your numbers from . 
  [ for a single adult it 's 140 $ . 
  i do n't know if there was a goal , except getting rid of the prevalent government . 
  but the khakiv pact is cancelled now . 
  and russia is internationally not isolated , but tarnished . 
  but there are no train tracks leading to iceland . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i already answered to similar comments twice , maybe these answers help clearing things up . 
  the black sea fleet hq is in sevastopol and some [ military suppliers ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/ukraine-factories-equip-russian-military-despite-support-for-rebels/2014/08/15/9c32cde7-a57c-4d7b-856a-e74b8307ef9d_story.html ) in ukraine . 
  have n't read the whole article , but there is a map with factories . 
  well , i suppose i could give you something of what i have on my plate ... 
  history is history , no matter if i like it and i never claimed , that religion is not a part of our history . 
  what i claimed is that being a good christian is not a european value . 
  a european value would be , that we do n't care what kind of religion one has . 
  you do , too , do n't you ? 
  oh , i would n't worry about it . 
  there are enough of both . 
   being christian is no european value !,
