  but you need a lot of people giving a shit somewhere else . 
  not so many turks giving a shit about turkey attacking them in the mountains in iceland . 
  russia is partly european . 
  you live where your key fits . 
  is that why you are putting up so many wind turbines ? 
  to make the world cooler , to invade sweden ? 
  indeed, 
  i 'm sorry that you are getting the downvotes , not the other guy . 
  your answer is at least informative and polite . 
  i say panzer !, 
  exactly , it 's an military abbreviation . 
  i just added , that we the civilians do n't say tiger , leopard and what not . 
  we say panzer . 
  it 's panzer . 
  tank is panzer . 
  no spaces in between = word spaces in between = several words, 
   rescue workers used [ ... ] powerful lamps to dig [ ... ] in total darkness, 
  1st & 2nd link lead to the same page . 
  yes , no confusion . 
  i tried to avoid to admit , that that is a reason for sex ed . 
  it belonged to syria in the first place , the syrian terrorists could take the land , not the army . 
  since they only stay as long as a war is near their home towns they 'd still have to deal with that when they go back . 
   people from a more repressed culture wo n't understand what 's going on down there every animal on earth knows what 's going on down there . 
  you do n't need a tralala hippy culture to figure out sex . 
  how can you be amazed how safe a country is ? 
  wow , 10 min past the border and still three tires on the car . 
  hey , after my weekend trip i 'm still alive , better mention how safe the country is on the internet !, 
  they should 've stolen the excavator first . 
  sometimes it seems as if it was n't there at all . 
  we can also check for errors easier , because we can overlay the turkish map with the same islands on it . 
  who was the lazy ass german ? 
  i mean the one who only sketched the borders , not the ones who did nothing , like me . 
  how would you compare your work to iceland ? 
  there are more lines and dots on that shit than details that could possibly drawn !, 
  thanks to you we are on par with italy !, 
  at least do it like greece and add some udders here and there . 
  yeah ? 
  but you are so far off , that they kept # 7 empty . 
  the huge big extractors would have been nice before , too . 
  and vatican , liechtenstein , andorra , luxembourg , monaco, 
  read the definition of a world war and you what is and that this is n't . 
  and romania and sweden and spain and italy and even some of the rattly vehicles from the uk count as cars . 
  our police might differ between property damage and dead germans . 
  til women do n't retire . 
  i prefer tap . 
  my actual point was , that parabellum8g could see only two possibilities to deal with the sharia police vests , either ban them or not . 
  then i suggested , that one could let wear anything , as long as he is not behaving badly . 
  then pwnzerfaust came with an extreme example of a ss uniform and i again valued the behaviour higher that the looks , so it would be fine for me if a person wears an ss uniform , if he is n't behaving like a member of the ss . 
  while you want to see neither the ss uniform nor the sharia police vest , i say i would be fine with both , as long as people do n't behave as their choice of clothing implies . 
  my question about insignia was about the fact , that i do n't think that most people would recognize a ss uniform if they see one without the ss , the swastika , or e.g. 
  the scull on it . 
  it 's just some green grey uniform then . 
  without ss runes and whatsoever , i mean . 
  uniforms look all the same . 
  if there were no insignia on it , would you recognize it ? 
  judges usually have a margin to interpret a law . 
  you are overestimating the influence of the kkk . 
  nobody gives a damn about it . 
  you can wear black robes and capes with only an eye slit , or you can wear white robes like the arabs do , you can cut holes in them . 
  as far as i care you can wear any uniform , just do n't confuse people to be a police officer , or , as i said , be a dick . 
  why not ? 
  people who could be seriously offended died out in the recent years . 
  for the living it is something from the movies . 
  just do n't be a dick and act like they did back then . 
  the ( news ) press should n't call anybody out , they should report neutrally what news there are and ideally additional background information . 
  comments are a possibility to transport opinions , i 'd like to see them next to the cross word puzzle and horoscope . 
  east germans ? 
  i assume you never got any chance to meet one . 
  do n't expect to find any differences , especially with those who were born around ' 89 . 
  moelenbek is not in germany . 
  your 's and less metallic : spanish ( ska-p ) , german + french ( iries r\u00e9volt\u00e9 ), 
  the middle ground might be : `` you can wear whatever you want , but do n't be a dick . '', 
  yes it will be ok . 
  some years ago there was a case of a vendor who printed `` polizei '' ( police , duh ) on green t-shirts . 
  that was against the law , because people could confuse them with police . 
  it was solved by printing `` pozilei '' on them . 
  indeed , black or white , that 's how the world works . 
  either that , or if bacteria is the least of your lethal problems . 
  well , i think it 's remarkable , that the big newspapers ( faz , sz , spiegel and taggeschau.de ) all had the same opinion about pegida . 
  as soon as the organizers split and the whole thing was about to die out , each of them had a article ( kommentar + faz artikel ) about the fact , that in a democracy we have to accept opinions which we do n't like and minorities have the human ( or basic ? ), 
  right to demonstrate and our republic is strong enough to endure them . 
  when it became clear that pegida continues to exists they switched back to purely negative , imo not neutral , reports , what i would expect from a news outlet . 
  i see this as a form of self-censorship to comply with political correctness . 
  yeah , they are better persons than i. 
  unfortunately , so are politicians in germany . 
  but she is some [ politician ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/boel_godner ) , why would n't a minister say something different ? 
  i do n't understand the sentence she said before and after that quote , so for me there is just that one sentence . 
  they do n't , that 's why the very short article says that they do n't . 
  an * hour * !?!? 
  is that a joke ? 
  these thirteen guys . 
  very often wars are not nearby , so we do not have to deal with that many refugees . 
  as far as i understood the basic income , it should n't be taxed at all . 
  to me it was explained as basic income plus your taxable income . 
  i would expect a change in tax laws to prevent possible losses . 
  i ca n't imagine that the last bit is as simple as that , because the money has to come from somewhere . 
  is it exactly the same amount as welfare ? 
  who pays for the 800 $ of the working citizen , which is n't compensated by the cancellation of welfare money ? 
  i 'm sure they thought of it , or will have after some debating . 
  i really ca n't imagine how it would work , but i did n't follow the debate either .
