  everything i want available , not too crowded . 
  but i would like to live at ~ ~ the ~ ~ some sea . 
  i like wind , what 's about milwaukee ? 
  i agree with the mass monitoring . 
  a citizen who has done nothing illegal , who is not even considered to be a criminal should not be kept under surveillance . 
  from dataisbeautiful i learned , that if i ever moved to the us , i would like to live in minnesota , at the water , among minnesotians . 
  are they good ? 
  are chicagoeans better ? 
  at first i wanted to write something along the lines that i ca n't imagine that our bnd acts contrary to germany 's interests . 
  why would n't you defend nsa ( , cia ? ), 
  practice ? 
  i mean we know about shit things the cia is responsible for , but did they do it to harm others , or did they do it to protect their own people ? 
  with secrecy there is no way to install a council that is trustworthy and a reliable entity of control . 
  but my hat is not made out of the really thick tinfoil . 
  they could do something helpful , we just can not trust them . 
  edit : back twice ? 
  i 've been thrice to your east coast , once west coast including las vegas and mexico , well tijuana . 
  why do you come back ? 
  i am not sure about the germans in this sub . 
  they like to talk about others , nicely , if possible , but germany itself ? 
  it 's a bit like family . 
  you talk trash , you point out the bad parts and things that somebody trusted you with , but if there is someone else talking about it , we become silent , start to listen . 
  oh , we agree on the bad parts , causally pointing out , that it is the same for everyone . 
  but really ? 
  i mean , we already apologized for a big part of our history !, 
  we are * sorry * , wtf !?!, 
  but , look at yourself !, 
  how dare you ? 
  nah , that is every person in the world . 
  we are cool !, 
  only some of them are yet to be persuaded . 
  edit : i am working in an international environment , mostly eu , though . 
  that 's how i improved my english and that 's how i keep an positive image of the eu . 
  people are really nice . 
  it 's like on reddit , you can read a post like the ignorant , insulting shit op 's mom is . 
  but there might have been a positive intention and with a small difference in speech melody a funny , insightful comment could have been meant . 
  people everywhere are cool , we just do n't know them . 
  it 's actually really nice in germany from under my tinfoil hat . 
  puhh , i really might mix something here , buut : the information was , that either for xkeyscore or some other stuff , the bnd leeched data ( this 10 % of what goes through ) from the d\u00fcsseldorf data knot and searched for certain keywords ( a lot of them ) . 
  the matches were sent to the nsa . 
  ( gchq was another story , with their atlantic cable !? ), 
  and snowden leaked documents which showed that bnd helped nsa , miiigght have been illegal . 
  illegal in a way , that nobody gets convicted . 
  and these documents are no evidence , because snowden could have written them himself , or what not . 
  then somehow we got some keywords , that data was searched for . 
  and suprise , although our best ally would never look for economic data , except with echolon , but every official in germany chooses not to know about that , some of the keywords kind of sounded like economy espionage . 
  so , the only power opposition has in germany is either annoy the government by asking ( kleine anfrage ) , or by forming a committee ( parlamentsausschuss ) and their still working on it . 
  these committees used to be supposed to be secret ( by law ) , after documents continously leaked , now after threatened with jail time really secret . 
  but there are public meetings of the committees and press conferences of the `` ministers '' . 
  secrataries of state ? ), 
  and as far as i know one journalist who does not only ask , let 's stick with normal , questions is thilo jung from [ jung und naiv ] ( http://www.jungundnaiv.de/ ) ( young and naive ) . 
  some others at the front are [ netzpolitik ] ( netzpolitik.org ) who got for a very short time got sued for treason . 
  last thing was a reason for the big newspapers to at least mention netzpolitik on their sites , if not acknowledge . 
  as a warning : i am sure there are several stories interwoven , if everything is true . 
  but that 's the basis for why i think i should get angry , but i am sure it would n't change a thing . 
  i did n't even vote for the parliament the last two periods . 
  i am sure there are the real politicians i would gladly support , i myself was active in the fdp ( yes , fellow germans , i know ) , but they are not the ones who get media attention . 
  if you want to see how our politicians voted for decisions who need identification [ bundeasadler ] ( bundes-adler . de ) ( federal eagle ) is nice . 
  if you can read german i can post some at least on other site , where you can find information . 
  but , as i said , there might be things not 100 % true in my post , it 's only what i remember right now . 
  oh , and no ~ ~ time ~ ~ patience for proof reading . 
  i think our general attorney said , that there is no evidence . 
  i might be wrong about this , but i think it is , because the snowden documents are not confirmed by an official agency in the us , or at least not confirmed !? 
  there was this joke by one cabaretist , that the government ca n't do anything , because nsa would n't officially admit , that they 've done something illegal . 
  i think this is old news . 
  i already read about it several months ago , do n't know which article it was . 
  they were allowed to gather 10 or something % of the total traffic in some internet nodal point in d\u00fcsseldorf , i guess . 
  `` die anstalt '' ( cabaret , political comedy ) had a whole evening the secret agencies as topic . 
  i think i read it at fefe 's blog . 
  it 's ~ ~ lefter ~ ~ further to the left than left , but has news sources , that show different viewpoints ( from rightwing pr heute journal and it 's moderate brother tagesschau ) , which i do n't find elsewhere . 
  the f ( ederal ) sa, 
  there are of course some committees ( wow lot of double letters ) trying to get some information . 
  but they again work in closed sessions , so the public has to trust again . 
  before that first wave of outrage at the bnd i was almost proud of them , since it was really quiet in public and news about it , which i thought is very good for a secret agency , to avoid publicity . 
  but now i lost the freedom of nagging thoughts , or concern if somebody might not see , what i just searched for in google . 
  very often i am sure that it is legal , but would be embarrassing . 
  that 's shit , i want that back . 
  well , you feel kind of powerless . 
  it 's obvious , that illegal things were done , that economic espionage was done . 
  but our government does it 's best to hinder any calrification in our parliament , claiming , that the nsa would immediately quit working with the bnd . 
  nsa says they never said such a thing . 
  so our government directly lied about this fact . 
  maybe due to frustration people do what they can do about the next point on the governmental agenda , attacking and burning helpless foreigners . 
  our politicians did their best to publicly insult and ignore voices from the far right . 
  problem is , those people do not just vanish , they are still there only ought of sight . 
  if we do n't want them to keep on coming back , we should talk to them . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't even know if we are take them , or send them back . 
  we could force you to opt out . 
  peaceful country , no refugee . 
  i agree , if my country or my youtube want to keep me , the princess i am , protected from the real world , i usually go and find it on liveleak . 
  must be a nice guy . 
  by : armenian sniper in : wtf tags : gay , gays , homosexual , wrestling , turkey , turkish , turks , turk , ottoman , ottomans , ataturk , turkiye , muslims , muslim , islam , islamic , terrorists , genocidal savages , weirdos , barbarians , savages , isis, 
  were title and video description on liveleak your idea ? 
  i ca n't read the small print under the map . 
  only that this shows data from 2014 . 
  ~ ~ did numbers change in the meantime ? 
  were some countries lagging behind , so they took a bigger share of refugees in 2015 ? 
  is there a distribution key as in the eu , that richer , more populated countries get more people ? ~ ~ yep , i read it now . 
  so , they work ?
