calm down . 
  why would they steal a bus without engine and wheels ? 
  you know what is gon na stop them from fleeing ? 
  bombs !, 
  why would anyone from iran and morocco get asylum ? 
  that are perfectly fine countries . 
  firefox plays it just fine with flash blocked . 
  if they said no2 even better , then they can ignore all the other noxes . 
  vw did nothing wrong !, 
  broken link, 
  austria losing the war ai n't too good either . 
  grind down hard means not less than welfare . 
  you are talking about the unemployment insurance , which every ex-employee gets when he paid into it . 
  it grants a person 60 % of his average income over the last 12 or 24 months , not sure . 
  if you are unemployed for longer than 12 months nothing grinds down anymore , you get welfare . 
  only thing is , that you have to take every job offer you get , but there are ways around it . 
  the agents are snitches and there are several of them in higher positions in the party . 
  as you said , now the court ca n't exclude the possibility that these people might have influenced the party in a way our intelligence agency told them to . 
  ok , i do n't know their actual political program . 
  the posters are probably `` white-washed '' as well , but from the non-involved point of view i do n't see a difference to at least the fourth bullet point . 
  the only apparent mismatch for me is , that the text in the op sounds too sophisticated for them , but they did n't write that themselves and not for their usual clientele . 
  [ all right ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmnry4pe93y ), 
  i would be glad if i 'd have a counter argument for this . 
  when i ask people about that aspect they usually say `` well , if they all worked ... '' . 
  yeah , if . 
  is there a reason to assume , that they get work shortly after they are allowed to work , which is after three months in germany , i think ? 
  that i do n't understand . 
  the points on the flyer sound to me as if it was on the npd agenda anyway . 
  i 'm pretty sure for every election they hung up an anti-immigration poster for the last decades . 
  now [ / u/20characters ] ( / u/whatisthemaximumleng ) said that this is new for the npd and i wonder why . 
  exactly this is their topic and now they are using it . 
  the wording might be copied , but the content is as usual . 
  why could n't these demands be some of the npd demands ? 
  maybe at some point the demands overlap with that of other parties . 
  tourists !, 
  a puddle of vomit , warm though . 
  because their asylant status will be acknowledged if they come here , no matter where from syria they are . 
  maybe they flee from a region , because it is in danger of becoming the new front line . 
  my point was not to say , that all syrians are eager to settle on isis territory , but to say , that you ca n't conquer and subsequently control an area with military alone . 
  you need the support of the people living there and this is what isis got to at least a good percentage . 
  otherwise people will do as they like as soon the soldiers look in another direction . 
  you need police , schools , markets , hospitals , a basic infrastructure , all this is maintained and used by the population . 
  yeah , that was the german intelligence guy , they are the best , practically invisible . 
  i think , that people are fleeing from all over syria not only from the territory conquered and controlled by isis . 
  even thicker than oatmeal ? 
  it definitely ca n't have anything to do with war , can it ? 
  idiot, 
  not without , but yeah . 
  people prefer to live under isis . 
  he said , that isis had some strict rules , but availybility , or reliability of water and electricity were better in their territory . 
  since vw is kind of interwoven with the country lower saxony , would it be possible to sue the country , if we already had ttip passed ? 
   refugees that just had their houses and lives destroyed by isis you remember that ama of the syrian refugee ? 
  if the isis regime took my passport , they could n't use it , because it has a photo if me on it . 
  they do n't look anything like me . 
  that is merkel every time the usa start another war . 
  `` unrestricted solidarity '', 
  also data preservation . 
  but i expect the highway toll to come back when the catholics are still in charge after the austrian eu court success . 
  csu will say it was in the coalition treaty and thanks to the eu it has to be paid by everyone . 
  edit : do n't forget about the laudable attempt to get rid of roaming fees . 
  no , i just still have a positive feeling about the eu . 
  sometimes the european laws helped us against our shit government and parliament , sometimes the other way around . 
  all in all i like us and i like that people discuss eu matters here . 
  nega as in negative , or is it german onomatopoeia ? 
  i do . 
  who 's the woman ? 
   the carmaker insisted in the statement that new diesel vehicles available in the european union with the eu 6 diesel engines `` comply with legal requirements and environmental standards '' . 
   it added : `` the software in question does not affect handling , consumption or emissions . 
  this gives clarity to customers and dealers . '' how can he say that the software does n't affect consumption or emission . 
  is n't that the whole point of the software ? 
  seems they need some final attention as they see this liberal bullshit wo n't bring them anywhere . 
  so let 's just treat another ~ ~ member state ~ ~ president like crap as always , in the name of perfect strangers , ignoring the facts and reality . 
  liberal values as its best ... hopefully this is their last year ~ ~ in the eu parliament ~ ~ as uncle . 
  [ alde ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alliance_of_liberals_and_democrats_for_europe_group ) is not left . 
  your politicians are censored in public ? 
  i thought we are the popular front !, 
  so it poses noxtraordinary danger for mankind , or does it ? 
  co2 the chase and stop making fun of / u/sugusino 's gassy mother !, 
  ah , yes , i do . 
  in the case of one syrian refugee with a criminal background , there is also only one person . 
  but it is safe to assume , that he is not the only one . 
  ( in other words , he is probably not the only one . ), 
  in the same way as this one dane is definitely not the only criminal dane . 
  that 's why the concerns of people against foreigners , especially unregistered foreigners , are justified . 
  why would it ? 
  the aim was to conquer their country . 
  and did n't several politicians tell me , that a good part of afghanistan was now safe and stable , that the afghans can take control of their country and form a government ? 
  apparently one that looks like [ this ] ( http://www.mh-hannover.de/fileadmin/mhh/bilder/aktuelles_presse/pressestelle/bilder/pilzvergif_english.pdf ) . 
  do n't want no criminal refugees in denmark . 
  they do n't respect christian values . 
  not really any proof , barely even an anecdote . 
  you could underline your heritage by protecting your borders with latvia and russia with a hungarian fence . 
  as long as you are not quitting from the [ customs union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_customs_union ) there should n't be much of a difference . 
  shengen did n't abolish custom controls . 
  so , uk is now pro quotas ? 
  i thought it was funny . 
  the only ones being butthurt about their state are bavarians , that 's why you usually make fun of them . 
  on the right , next to your username , you can change your flair . 
  in the list there is no iran flag , only north rhine-westphalia and next to the name is your flag . 
  what i liked about your flair was the upside down hungary , i was n't criticising you .
