  germany 's fuckin ' a. 
  the 1 % you have left for your convenience . 
  but that 's not how it 's going to work out . 
  if there is an abundance of money prices will rise . 
  you can see that in areas where richer people settle , like silicon valley . 
   could barely pay my rent . 
  that 's because you are going to live in a castle . 
  take responsibility for the lyrics of every shitty rock band there is . 
  if the us would do that for , dunno slipknot or cannibal corpse , oh dear . 
  that 's why bidets are so rare in the uk . 
  hot in front and cold in the back . 
  well , you asked if i ever smelled my butt . 
  that 's a very personal question , i 'd say , so i felt the need to cover my ass . 
  i must admit , up to now i felt secure with a visual confirmation . 
  i do n't feel very dirty if i smell my breath or ballsack odor . 
  and since i do not strive for an career as a porn star , i am not going to taste it . 
  on top of that , if my underpants stay the color they were when i bought them ( i prefer a brownish-yellow ) and our etiquette does n't change to touching and smelling each other anuses , i still feel safe and clean , yes . 
  but i never experienced any other level of anal cleanliness in my life , so i might be hard to convince of something i can not imagine . 
  it 's like trying to convince someone who wore a headscarf her whole happy and good life of the oppression she endures . 
  does the second part refer to the fascist majority or himself ( lyrical self ) ? 
   i am a flower in the middle of the shit of the fascist majority  i love all people i just hate gays and hillbillies i do not understand how one can not loving me, 
  welp , no vacation in slovenia then . 
  ca n't afford that kind of alimentation . 
  question for the english natives : can i use alimentation , if i talk about the cost of my own upkeep ? 
  or should i use , sustenance , or simply upkeep ? 
  at some point you see no more goo on the paper , thus your rear must be clean . 
  if i 'll ever get the opportunity of a bidet session , i want you to administer it . 
  if you are a ( paying ) guest , never pay for the bathroom !, 
  it is mandatory for them to provide one , if they offer food and seats . 
  in my opinion it is an insolence to put up a saucer with change and seat an old woman or a black man next to it , to morally blackmail you . 
  the money does n't go to said person anyway , their employer collects it . 
  when you do n't pay for anything and just want to use the toilet as a service , then why not charge for it . 
  gas stations which are not near an autobahn let you use it for free . 
  you just have to ask them for the key . 
  this eye contact thing ( during the clink , everything else is even gayer ) is a thing of has been youths who are old now . 
  some remember how much `` fun '' it was among their friends and try to force it on others . 
  just call out the stupidity and be normal . 
  dry wipes , little princess , dry wipes . 
  ok , fine , i choose to ~ ~ believe ~ ~ not dispute that . 
  although , the bundesrat consists of elected representatives , as well . 
  in my not expressed opinion a fundamental difference . 
  i do n't think that it is comparable with the house of parliament in the uk legislative system . 
  we do n't have another house with people who are not elected . 
  the only similarity is , that it is a house of elected representatives . 
  yes , we should rely on god to keep us safe . 
  oh , it somehow belongs to the ministry . 
  i think it 's adjacent to a `` school for officers '' , might be something like a military academy . 
  i just added the information , because there are no administrative buildings in dresden . 
  every federal executive thing is in berlin or bonn . 
   bundestag , the german lower house of parliament fuck off , telegraph !, 
  police without government is a bad idea . 
  i was wondering what a federal ministry was doing in dresden . 
  it 's the [ military history museum of the bundeswehr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundeswehr_military_history_museum ) . 
   whoever wants it back has no brain . 
  is that what he said ? 
  edit : from his wikiquote page : `` people in russia say that those who do not regret the collapse of the soviet union have no heart , and those that do regret it have no brain . 
  we do not regret this , we simply state the fact and know that we need to look ahead , not backwards . 
  we will not allow the past to drag us down and stop us from moving ahead . 
  we understand where we should move . 
  but we must act based on a clear understanding of what happened . '', 
  - interview with german television channel ard and zdf , may 2005 . 
  our [ government spokesmen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk2zzjgk3c8 ) explain [ the situation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb485cvjkbw ) to you . 
  no worries . 
  everything , but the one about germans was funny . 
  nah , we would n't get it . 
  german press is very changeable , that 's no problem and our chancellor , i wish i knew what and if she did anything . 
  i do n't hear anything in our press about her opinion , only that she does n't say anything . 
  maybe we will . 
  that is only the logical form of humor for a belgian . 
  they could polexit if they do n't like it and make their own eu with the uk and no refugees . 
  right ? 
  obviously , but he would like to see it . 
  we invented a lot of things , trees might very well be among them . 
   this modern artsy kind of thing is just something out of the box it 's something out of a lot of boxes . 
  only the part that shines on spain . 
  they ca n't tax the german sun . 
  first things first . 
  what 's up with the carpet on the monitor ? 
  yes , your mom is the best . 
  that 's pronounced exactly the wrong way . 
  it 's not a feuerwehrsimulator on a flughafen , but a simulator of the flughafenfeuerwehr . 
  well maybe it 's not exactly like that and you are spreading western propaganda . 
  i did n't read the article , i 'm just concerned about your comment . 
  not in the uk . 
  over there germoney dictates what happens . 
  yes , yes , it was supposed to be a joke on `` they could chose to be gay , or they can get a sex change . '', 
  in sweden you can be gay , or single , as you like . 
  maybe one or two of them even want to become a girl . 
  the survey was biased anyway . 
  should be who took our jobs ? 
  * immigrants * eu * other foreigners ( true , true , true ) uk gets 100 %, 
  but people do go out and vote for the ep . 
  that should be some kind of give away . 
  our dogs are n't complaining as much as you do . 
  now heel !, 
  ten times the displacement ? 
  that means they can dive ten times deeper . 
  is there even an ocean that deep ? 
  wow , it 's even an u-aircraft carrier ? 
  possibly with superior u-aircrafts ?
