   a euphemism  while not accurate and common sense suggest to use inaccurate euphemisms and call less than the half , more than the half ? 
  i was neither referring to chemotherapy001 , nor cantouchme . 
  i simply stated , that the party of merkel had to form a coalition to rule , because they only got the most votes , but not more than 50 % . 
  edit : just saying . 
  less than half of the valid ballots were in favour of cdu/csu . 
  at the moment we have a coalition of cdu ( csu ) and spd . 
  iran 's flag has some symbol in the middle , yours is from [ north rhine-westphalia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_rhine-westphalia ) , a german state . 
  nice flair . 
  i 'd prefer only country flags in here , now every redditor has his own . 
  orban and putin for world chancellors !, 
  do you even eat food ? 
  today i found out , that france and italy teach six , too . 
  for anyone wondering , he says : `` dclauzel deleted my comment on / r/europe . 
  why is every discenting opinion censored ? 
  i spent several seconds on each of my accounts to formulate a fact based contribution supported by reliable sources . 
  i am disappointed by the general tone of the community . '', 
  it would look like this [ footage of mecca ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prjhqcqigqc#t=25s ), 
  uh , what 's his name ... 
  so , hungary teaches seven continents then , not six ? 
  edit : ok , my colleague says columbia teaches six , with one america and antarctica . 
  in spanish americans are people from the continent and usamericans are called `` united staters '' . 
  thanks , google translate to english and german could improve here . 
  if i was so sick , that i faint on the toilet , i 'd be happy if someone checked for me . 
  i 'd also be happy , if not every passanger would be allowed to open the locked toilet door , but the conductor would be trustworthy enough imo . 
  also , what does the police mean with `` slapjes '' . 
  translation suggests , that this is not a word the police would use to describe a suspect . 
  can it mean sleepy , or is it rather retarded , or was he baked ? 
  often , yes , especially when i 'm talking to people from america , which are not from the usa . 
  if i talk about the people of the continent ( north and south ) i call them americans . 
  what english word would you use , to refer to all people of the continent ? 
  is there another one ? 
  in colloquial terms i/we say `` amis '' pronounced ah-mees , but that can have a negative connotation . 
  i do n't know what the ( historical ) reason behind the five continents are . 
  no , it 's from romania !, 
  the second from left in the front row will result in another photo of a refugee lying on the train tracks with police helping him up , if he does n't hold his sign as high as he would his crying baby . 
  he would like to , but there is no syrian/croatian/hungarian one . 
  we did n't close our border , we started to check people at our border . 
  [ god save the kaiser !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijja3_dr5ac ), 
  maybe it is true . 
  should n't we at least try to find out ? 
  three action pics , one crying baby held over the head of a man . 
  why is he holding the baby over his head ? 
  checking his diaper ? 
  in german americans are people from the usa , too , but i do n't like it . 
  it sounds presumptuous to reclaim the whole continent for you , although it is only a convenient abbreviation , really . 
  when i was in school , i learned that there were five continents , america counted as one ( + eu , as , af , kangaroo ) . 
  i know , that especially ( us ) americans learn , that they are seven nowadays and i could even think of the possibility of me to admit that that might be not only because you do n't want to be thrown together with the southeners . 
  hahaha !, 
  at least we were an option on the poll . 
  awww , thank you so much . 
  you are a very nice person . 
  americans are from america . 
  europeans are from europe . 
  mexicans are americans and so are columbians . 
  no no , you can glorify this country , no problem . 
  ok , yes . 
  i never lived there . 
  what do you think about the part , that ` assad started a brutal civil war ' . 
  `` brutal '' is a negative qualifier and not necessary here and to say assad started it is biased either , is n't it ? 
  how is it that not the uprising protesters start the war , because they want the status quo to change . 
  why is assad at fault ? 
  if a government is attacked they sure have to defend themselve and restore order . 
  that 's what police and sometimes military is for . 
  i was n't even over the six million jews i am responsible for . 
  i am a terrible person , sorry . 
   distributing themselves they refused to register in hungary , they refused to register in austria , they refused to register in denmark . 
  this happened barely a week ago , i 'm sure you 'll find sources wihtout my help . 
  that not only little angels flee the war , but that there might be some criminals among them . 
  they did n't mention , or refute the possibility , that there might be terrorists among the ( unregistered ) asylant seekers . 
  considering that terrorism is a daily topic in media , this might have been interesting . 
  i guess that is what / u/vyce45 criticized . 
  of the three sources they link to because of criminal rate , one asks me to sign in , one mentions donald trump ?!? 
  and the crime rate of mexicans coming to the us , whatever this has to do with europe and the last one results in a 404 . 
  the last 30 seconds were biased . 
  being pro immigration is presented in the only positive way . 
  watch right after `` how do we want to be remembered ? '', 
  apparently being not unconditionaly pro immigration gives you several phobias . 
  you are generalizing in the same way when not considering this . 
  maybe he is thinking of the refugee tracks through austria , not wanting to register there , moving on to germany , some 10ks staying ther , some moving through denmark not registering there , moving on to sweden . 
  some others waiting in calais to get into uk , not wanting to stay in france . 
  yes . 
  but a non-religious person does n't have god in his colloquial vocabulary . 
  at least he should n't shout it while burning down the building or shaking the earth . 
  yes , but their team lost . 
  especially with religion i prefer the penis comparison :  religion is like a penis . 
  it 's fine to have one and it 's fine to be proud of it , but please do n't whip it out in public and start waving it around ... and please do n't try to shove it down my child 's throat . 
  insulting someone sure is n't covered by the freedom of speech , is it ? 
  ( do n't make such a fuss ! / do n't be such a pussy ! ), 
  it sounds common to me . 
  if you find a truly religious german , then i guess he 'd say it more frequent . 
  i do n't use it and i do n't hear it very often . 
  in some murican yt videos they say it every five seconds , i 've never heard it like this in germany . 
  tell that to holocaust deniers . 
  [ nsfw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf9i1reyhtk ), 
  a technical question : in your `` no difference '' video , did he aim ? 
  looks like he is just pulling the tube upwards and shooting . 
  where is the bbc coverage ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  i would think that most people who do n't believe in a god do n't want to hear it .
