  i thought he broke everything down to the point , that he can only be sure of his own existence and from this point on started to build some basis for further `` things '' . 
  assad is great !, 
  we want to sort out the austrians . 
  are they even that bad , or are that all prejudices ? 
  i mean , did you ever tried to talk to a zombie , invited him over ? 
  maybe he is a nice guy . 
  i 'm going to join them right away . 
  do n't feed the trolls !, 
  it 's not as extreme as in g\u00f6ttingen , but still 60 000 students ( rwth+fh ) of 250 000 citizens . 
  my point of view is that of a student , but aachen is nowhere near the ruhrgebiet . 
  i grew up there and the problems are real . 
  if you have a friend whose parents were turkish ( and he looks like that ) , you will have a problem to find a disco where the bouncers let you in . 
  that is of course prejudiced behaviour , but it originates from experience . 
  the owners do n't want to risk to have fights every other night . 
  it 's not that i do n't believe your excellency , i would just regret , if you 'd get the most severe burn at the end of your reign , while europe lies in ruins . 
  no aachen is a city which basically consists of students . 
  i studied at the rwth . 
  as far as i know , there is no such area there . 
  the foreigners in aachen are students and mostly people i 'd welcome in germany without hesitation . 
  the pontstra\u00dfe and pontdriesch are owned by greek and turkish mafia , but they live in w\u00fcrselen . 
  i thought of dortmund-nordstadt , k\u00f6ln-chorweiler , or all of gelsenkirchen . 
  i do n't think there are many people who would do that involuntarily wrong . 
  someone with the username marburgde ca n't be poor . 
  i ca n't stop and read the gif , could someone html5 this , or tell me how i can do that myself in the future ? 
  no , he went there when shops and restaurants were open . 
  at that time there is nothing wrong with these areas . 
  it 's like working from 9 to 5 and claiming that the sun never sets at your workplace . 
  it would help if you 'd stop letting erdogan to come vote fishing here . 
  that gets into the heads of the `` nationalist '' german turks over here . 
  he could use hovercrafts as bumper boats and simply bump them back on course . 
  how can i be sure , that you 'll leave after six months , especially if your solution is n't finalized after that period ? 
  uhm , did you ever grow up in a ruhrgebiet city and avoided certain turkish quarters on your way home from a pub , because you could be sure to be at least accosted ? 
  apparently not . 
  wait a minute , did n't our vice chancellor ** ( sigmar gabriel , spd ) ** say a few days ago that germany could take much more ? 
   if austria was to install controlls , migrants would have to either register or apply for asylum at the border i was told , that there is no possibility to do that and people would have to come illegally to a country to apply . 
  do you know if it is possible for someone staying in austria to apply for asylum in germany ? 
  what , sorry ? 
  first you bring us protestants and fight off the catholics and now you fight our non-religious population to bring us moslems ? 
  make up your mind and get it over with . 
  i ca n't , but descartes did . 
  you should have paid more attention in school : red = socialist, 
  why not antijewish then ? 
   someone on german tv [ ... ] would prefer people in houses oh , does he ? 
  how many people are posting from your account ? 
   the 75-kilo bomb was found during building work on wednesday and it could not be defused pff , fuse did n't go off , defuse not working , no wonder they were throwing them away . 
  because she 's austrian , that 's why !, 
  flattering , but you guys could build good duds , too . 
  we keep finding some . 
  there is one in ukraine . 
  amen !, 
  you do n't really expect , that anything happening today is unprecedented in history , do you ? 
  or with the `` black block '' on leftist demonstrations . 
  it 's kind of an uniform , black shoes , blue jeans , black hoodie and bandana . 
  you ca n't identify anybody afterwards on police videos . 
  it serves the same purpose as the not personal identifiable uniforms of the police . 
  they only have marks for their squad . 
  they did n't come when assad had control over the whole country . 
  it only started when a certain country had an itchy trigger finger and had to support the protesters in damascus . 
  after helping them , recognizing that the free syrian army might be shitheads themselves and after that , waiting till isis got big enough to bomb them . 
  now supporting kurds from allied military bases , although the ally supports their enemy , isis , because the kurds bomb his own country . 
  the demography is only a trick to fool people into believing , that it has a good side to let all those people in . 
  duds are definitely not quality craftsmanship . 
  ah , those guys were anti-immigration before it was cool . 
  every monday they block certain streets for a few minutes , that they can walk around in a small circle . 
  they do this for several months now . 
   unless you 're a muslim . 
  in which case , its fine . 
  it 's either funny or it ai n't . 
  ausl\u00e4nderdiskriminierung = discrimination against foreigners, 
  / u/pcmasternoob was n't joking . 
   mujo and haso are those something like the german t\u00fcnnes und scheel ? 
  a lot of jokes about two dumb guys . 
  i think at least polish have similar jokes , but i forgot the names . 
  that joke is wrong !, 
  you 're telling it wrong !, 
  it 's the other way around !, 
  it 's not even funny !, 
  wtf , man ? 
  what others ? 
  there were , in germany ? 
  i mean , except for the usual pegida stroll ? 
  there is german internet ? 
  thought gez/gema destroyed it . 
  hahaha `` i 'm known as a wurst guy '', 
  you 're right 4th , 5th century is the `` zweite lautverschiebung '' , in the book i mentioned as well . 
  i misunderstood a remark to the high in middle high german : `` refers to the area , which is separated from the lower german by the second phonetic change '', 
   america has plenty of politicians like this too . 
  could still be silly . 
  lightweight !, 
  ~ ~ you are referring to the shift from old high german to middle high german ? ~ ~ the wikipedia article about the second `` lautverschiebung '' refers to your second consonant shift . 
  the [ herkunftsw\u00f6rterbuch of the duden series ] ( http://www.amazon.de/duden-bd-herkunftsw%c3%b6rterbuch-etymologie-geschichte/dp/3411040734 ) refers to the shift from middle high german to new high german as the second `` lautverschiebung '' , which is according to wikipedia a vocal shift ( not consonant ) . 
  maybe the term in the book is second german `` lautverschiebung '' . 
  i do n't have the book with me , it is on some of those interstitial blue pages . 
  there were two `` lautverschiebungen '' ( shift of pronounciation ? ), 
  in german . 
  the second one 1400-1500 . 
  [ 1537 ] ( http://reader.digitale-sammlungen.de/de/fs1/object/display/bsb10328539_00021.html ) is quite readable . 
  the pages before are from 1868 , which is obviously even easier . 
  only strange thing is the font , the german font , hitler destroyed this part of our culture . 
  thanks , hitler !,
