  did somebody switch on the radio during the recording ? 
  he has balloons down there . 
  they fly high . 
  during negotiations with turkey `` we '' suggested that we fly them in from turkey , if they stop people smugglers . 
  definitely , must be polish . 
  more polish than a 126p in fact . 
  i have never heard someone referring to to them as polish death camps in german ( polnische vernichtungslager/konzentrationslager ) . 
  konzentrationslager and auschwitz are denominations per se . 
  i do n't see how this is worth arguing about . 
  call it estland tunnel, 
  now that the sanctions are lifted , they can import even more potatoes . 
  i 'm typing this on a poatato , while looking at potatoes !, 
  [ i was just curious . 
  ] ( http://www.bestherbalhealth.com/potato-juice-drink-incredible-health-benefits/ ), 
  i do n't think that 's the reason . 
  most german comedians make jokes so that everybody but politicians and nationalists can laugh . 
  serdar somuncu ( typical german name ) made jokes about it and they were funny . 
  it 's just not humor for everybody and most germans do n't accept humor that they do n't like . 
  merkel : illegal migrants in budapest ? 
  there is the possibility to register them in hungary ? 
  shelter built and available ? 
  i want to have them unregistered in germany !, 
  bring them by train !, 
  austria : fine , as long as they arrive in germany . 
  if you like , merkel , we can help and bring them from one side of austria to the german border by bus !, 
  then we show them a short and comfy path and they walk the last 200m . 
  merkel : i am such a good person !, 
  all like jesus and shit . 
  germans : yo , merkel . 
  doing good is fine , but that 's a bit too much too sudden for us . 
  do you mind ? 
  merkel : no , fuck you !, 
  merkel : oh shit , elections are coming up !, 
  yeah , well , umm , we could refuse entry to like a flyspeck or something , k ? 
  we already get twice as many asylum applications per capita as germany . 
  merkel : lol !, 
  austria : ok , but then we wo n't let all of them in on the other side . 
  merkel : ... 11 . 
  junker : i do n't like this . 
  merkel + junker : * kissing * let us recite the rules , which were to be applied in the first place and were disregarded by us . 
  germans : umm , yeah , sorry austria , but thanks for solving the problems we caused for us , because we do n't do shit , if someone acts contrary to our beliefs and expectations . 
  he did n't even see that concrete pier coming . 
  you still ca n't compete with all those polish death camps . 
  ever thought of becoming a journalist in germany ? 
  i 'd buy your paper . 
  he plays the piano . 
  god is not the first who is blamed for a negative outcome . 
  hehehe , yeah ... 
  the proud mujaheddin were no afghans . 
  they were recruited by the us from other muslim countries to fight the soviet atheistic , communistic dictatorship . 
  russians never use article , too . 
  but , is no problem . 
  in mainland . 
  our long lost german brothers are going to come home !, 
  the poor ai n't so bad . 
  people could always vote a new party into parliament . 
  that could be a moderate one and it would cost the current parties 5 $ per vote extrapolated to a 100 % turnout . 
  and the most accurate . 
  from the indo-truth inbred . 
   france ( that looked like a big parking lot ) h\u00e4 ? 
  well , help to make the eu better , i 'd say . 
  also , the last time we sticked to our contracts we got the sole guilt of wwi . 
  make up your mind , world !, 
  russia is not our enemy . 
  you are overestimating the responsibilty/influence bankers have . 
  when the banking system is `` unstable against a disturbance '' ( do n't know the correct term ) , then the system crashes , because a lot of ants were running in one direction , not because one ant decided to do something . 
   the british bankers ' association said protecting staff 's physical and mental wellbeing was `` a top priority '' for its members , who are devising more innovative ways to prevent problems occurring . 
   these include in-house counselors , mental health ` first aid ' courses , yoga sessions for traders , and more comprehensive mental healthcare plans . 
  how about a less innovative 40 hour week ? 
  everyone else 's job does n't have a poor public image . 
  anschluss needs no propaganda , everybody is in favour of it . 
  just ask the austrians . 
  let me assure you , you do not need military equipment on the elbe , or near the german-czech border . 
  i repeat : remove all army personell and military equipment from our border !, 
  in fact , there are no intraeuropean borders for us . 
  if i understand you correctly , a containment would n't be needed at all ? 
  if we just dig a hole deep enough , we can just throw in everything ? 
  it is true , that material from 10km beneath the surface would n't be touched by humans , if we had n't dig it up . 
  but that was before there was a whole in the ground . 
  in germany they opted for storage in salt mines and their argument was , that there would n't be any salt , if there had been water for the last million years or so . 
  but for the last million years there were no shafts and tunnel in the salt either and surpsise , surprise , water penetrated through cracks . 
  salt water eroded the steel drums much faster than anticipated and we can not ensure that the radioactive saltbrine which collected on the floor will stay there . 
  if the waste lies below aquifers , then the waste water wo n't flow into aquifiers , but the other way around . 
  it 's not like , because mines are deeper than groundwater , that groundwater does n't reach the bottom of the mine and would n't eventually fill it up . 
  you only know that the concrete starts to fall apart , because the containers are stored on the surface . 
  throwing them in a mine does n't make the concrete last longer , you just do n't see the waste leaking . 
  but it 's nice to see that you agree , that the containers are not safe for even 30 years . 
  they do not research that concrete , because it 's so harmless . 
   i had to fight people you know those turks and their paramilitary tendencies . 
  swedish man shot by swedish man during swedish rally in sweden . 
  is it [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internationale_handelsgesellschaft_mbh_v_einfuhr-_und_vorratsstelle_f%c3%bcr_getreide_und_futtermittel ) / u/crocpg , / u/realsourlemonade ? 
  the german constitutional court decided 1970 , that if eu laws go against german constitutional rights the german constitutional laws are to be applied . 
  as far as i understood the last section `` significance '' the same constitutional court acknowledged in 1974 , that eu laws guarantee german constitutional rights and so they would no longer review decisions from eu court . 
   in view of these developments , it must be held that , so long as the european communities , and in particular the case law of the european court , generally ensure an effective protection of fundamentl rights as against the sovereign powers of the communities which is to be regarded as substantially similar to the protection of fundamental rights required unconditionally by the constitution , and in so far as they generally safeguard the essential content of fundamental rights , the federal constitutional court will no longer exercise its jurisdiction to decide on the applicability of secondary community legislation cited as the legal basis for any acts of german civil courts or authorities within the sovereign jurisdiction of the federal republic of germany , and it will no longer review such legislation by the standard of the fundamental rights contained in the constitution . 
   the only nation [ germany ] in the eu that does not admit that eu law supersedes national law . 
  show me !, 
  when does the transition happen ? 
  how long does it take to become part of another nation ? 
  yes , they bothered to check after he killed a citizen . 
  oh , thanks .
