  oh god , where else does he shit ? 
  they admire it . 
  i think you can say , that they generally look up to us . 
  our german is but one aspect of our function as a role model to them . 
  they struggle a lot , yes , but i do n't blame them . 
  once you had a close look at them , you 'll count the effort to their advantage . 
  to each his own . 
  you can go through russia if you like . 
  dutch people are not part of the sanctions . 
  russia would 've declared war on us if we sanctioned the import of dutch . 
  let me be more precisely , my fellow countryman : she comes in the * shower stall * to piss while you are showering ? 
  ( it 's a joke ), 
  posting a picture of your naked daughter and you publicly on the internet would be the only questionable issue here . 
  she comes in the shower to piss while you are showering ? 
  that 's pretty open , indeed . 
  does a hygge situation necessitate the presence of other people ? 
  because gem\u00fctlich is cozy , comfortable which could apply to a sweater and an evening on a christmas market . 
  east germany is ex-communist as well . 
  a country in the title would 've been convenient . 
  god put the seal in that situation . 
  no flairs from poland , czech rep. , slovakia , hungary , etc. 
  visible . 
  it 's not almost everyone who agrees , it 's the same as before . 
  even if eu could agree on the ratios , the absolute number of refugees is too big for a consent . 
  germany can not take them all for political reasons at least , so they 'll be kept where they are until they riot . 
  there are no traffickers that offer a trip back . 
  maybe at some point , when the misery is large enough , frontex can take volunteers back to turkey , or the syrian coast . 
  one thing is not like the others . 
  til developing country , non-industrialized country and third world country are n't synonyms . 
  well , we got rid of the monarchy ... 
  a revolution with tasers , pepper spray and self defense will be as successful as the one in 1848 , or the r\u00f6hm-putsch . 
  edit : or the lousy october revolution , in retrospect pointless . 
  after i saw your username . 
  eh , you say that every year !, 
  you should check `` lie '' in a dictionary . 
  they own beck 's . 
  i like beck 's . 
  the good one ( s ) belong ( s ) to you !, 
  to ab inbev to be precise . 
  maybe some form of austerity would teach those filthy belgians a lesson . 
  by stealing our beer ? 
  i experience it with the federal preservation of internet communication . 
  i do things , that could be frowned upon or be right out embarrassing although they are n't illegal . 
  with the knowledge that somebody could see them i always have the brief thought of how it would be if somebody i know found out . 
  this freedom of doing legal things without giving it a second thought is taken away by surveillance and the possibility of misuse of the data still prevails . 
  i simply feel watched . 
  they already called for an increase in cctv surveillance . 
  ah i see , thanks . 
  man , that 's something for polandballs . 
  the article makes it sound like a purely internal problem and it would be very similar to the german system with similar problems . 
  although we have no national council , but one for each of the public stations . 
  oettinger should rather concentrate on taking back his internet destruction laws . 
  what 's the organizational structure ? 
  the heads of each public broadcaster ? 
  are they responsible for the program , are they audited by anyone ? 
   `` the media law , the polish government is working on provides substantially more democratic solutions [ compared to germany ] . '', 
  that 's what i am interested in . 
  the german way with a [ broadcast council ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rundfunkrat ) is not without criticism , because a certain amount of counselors are politicians . 
  does anybody know how the ( proposed ) polish system works ? 
  the nazi argument , surprise , surprise . 
  she is cold intolerant . 
  neither of them said they were . 
  both explicitly mentioned , that they are not . 
  why do n't you refrain from commenting , if you can not contribute to a thread or a discussion ? 
  germans taking to the streets ? 
  never . 
  `` somebody should do something about it ! '', 
  is more like it . 
  that 's the narrowest web page i ever opened . 
  it even has the 21 in it 's name !, 
  but still the f22 is better , it 's one more . 
  word !, 
  hitler was a bit picky . 
  at some point he would 've reached peak jew not standing a chance against mao due to limited resources . 
  did you miss bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  you can also right click on the video and pause , etc. 
  but what if there are 2 storms in 10000 years ? 
  that 's what global warming will do . 
  that 's a safe idea , but what happens to your man-friends ? 
  are they head over heels helichopped by you ? 
  hmm , that would be / u/whereworm and who else ? 
  the 1500 who come daily now can thank us later , maybe during carnival in cologne . 
  although , the mayor of cologne controls the sexual harassment already by excluding women from large social events . 
  who does ? 
  mmh , you are right , i guess . 
  remind me , what was the snapshot of the belgian team 's form at the last world beatership ? 
  edit : ok , quaterfinal is not as bad as i hoped . 
  according to the [ german wikipedia article ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/fu%c3%9fball-weltmeisterschaft_2014/belgien#gruppenphase ) you played against the soviet union . 
  we should make a tournament to determine the world-beating football team . 
  the world beatership or something . 
  the head of the un human right council are the saudis . 
  i do n't know what 's worse having none or them . 
  who is the head of the carriers ' human rights council ? 
  unless you stole the gold earlier and lost it . 
  then you have to tell the world , that the gold you stole from peru , ecuador and what not is not that of the columbians , but yours . 
  it 's a clown who killed net neutrality on the european level . 
  i do n't know if they do n't want to , but who said they can stay ? 
  they go back where they came from . 
  well you have to offer something , although refugees go back to their countries once the war is over . 
  we do n't have enough math , physics , chemistry and biology teachers as well .
