  you should ask our banks where they store it . 
  then tell me , how much should i invest in tulips now ? 
  what would the saudis win ? 
  quran does n't say every woman should cover her hair , but every muslim woman should . 
  it sounds more logical to me , if someone wanted to create an offended public by getting visible muslims on the streets . 
  ugh , those gypsies , according to / r/europe they are responsible for all the bad things happening . 
  they probably invented antisemitism and heterosexuals . 
  they 'll be out of the tournament soon enough . 
  indeed , comments on web pages are representative . 
  we deal with nothing else but coulda-woulda-shoulda 's . 
  otherwise the status quo would n't be in question . 
  but , at least one of us should comment on and answer questions the other one is asking , as it is common in a discussion : because it costs money . 
  there are monetary privileges connected to marriage and , for the third time , either these , among the other rights and privileges , should be granted for * everyone * , or you should give me a reason why marriage should be supported , among other things , financially . 
   to the surprise of no one , i assure you . 
  speaking for everybody , eh ? 
  since the tone of your answer shows me your will to comprehend , i wo n't go through that 12 page document you sent me . 
  but you should at least have read the conclusions and compared it with my last post . 
   marriage equality can help reduce social stigma faced by lesbian and gay parents and their children , thereby enhancing social stability , acceptance , and support . 
  children who are raised by married parents benefit from the social and legal status that civil marriage conveys to their parents . 
   when marriage of their parents is not a viable option , children should not be deprived of the opportunity for temporary foster care or adoption by single parents or couples , irrespective of their sexual orientation . 
  public policy and community support are vital to the success of children in these circumstances . 
  there you have it . 
  concentrate on the second paragraph . 
  if , and that 's a big if , if the only reason for marriage is to produce descendants , then everybody or nobody should be granted special rights and privileges . 
   and please do n't quote the bible on me ... 
  i would , if i could . 
  for me the reason to support heterosexual marriage was to create a stable and self-sustaining environment to produce and bring up children . 
  some might argue , that homosexual couples could adopt children and care for them . 
  but why stop there ? 
  that could also and is done by single parents . 
  then there would be no reason to not guarantee single parents the same rights and privileges . 
  and since i argued with the support of someone who just has the possibility of birth and adoption , we should grant those rights and privileges to every single person , because they also has the possibilities to bring up a child . 
  thus , there must be equal rights for everybody regardless of their life choice , being single included . 
  the girl dressed in the french flag , 3rd from the left , looks hot . 
  that 'll be harmful for european football championships . 
  the only solution can be to strike a deal with the russians , that they keep them and actually control their border . 
  we could offer them money and some ass kissing . 
  lol , literally . 
  france invited them in . 
  if they want to have them , let them , i say . 
  as long as they go through germany i have no problem with it . 
  they would n't want to stay anyway . 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  keep them by force ? 
  if the income of the spouses differs and thus would be taxed very high and very low , you can take half of the average and tax it twice , as if both were earning the same amount . 
  since tax is nonlinear you are paying less at the end . 
  apparently there is even a swedish wikipedia article [ sambeskattning ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/sambeskattning ) . 
  after the lg couples got the same rights , e.g. 
  for visiting spouses in the hospital , after an accident and such , they still were n't satisfied , because of the lack of money , i 'd say . 
  i 'd like to mind my own business , but there is always a minority asking for tax refunds . 
  at least a marriage in germany comes with lower taxes . 
  you 'd think lgbt people would be satisfied with equal rights , that 's what they and their parrots are chanting , but no , they want money . 
  surprise , surprise . 
  i guess they `` encouraged '' him to accept gay relationships as equal to heterosexual marriage . 
  that would be `` imposing their views '' alright . 
  we could close our borders to stop the violent migrants . 
  he 's talking about the posts he is answering to . 
  it 's pretty obvious . 
  a draw , that 's what happens . 
  are n't you still claiming that the british plugs are safer , because they have a connection to a protected earth lead , implying that other , i.e. 
  european plugs do n't ? 
  i misunderstood your post then . 
  i understood the previous post as `` wiring in british homes is insane '' and yours as a rebuttal , that the special part of the wiring was that it included a protected earth . 
  do you seriously believe , that other countries do n't have a protected earth in their plugs ? 
  the server hosting the image was n't . 
  the other 3.2 m cheered the russians up . 
  the power of football . 
  we should use it for good . 
  ca n't read through paywall . 
  that 'd be really stupid , but i think they meant * today * . 
  our cars do n't overheat !, 
  booo, 
  if i went on vacation there , i 'd definitely miss the banana boat . 
  yes , yes , fine . 
  but my point was , that the people who voluntarily choose to obey restrictions or additional laws , if you want , in my humble opinion should n't , neither in the past , nor in the future and definitely not in the present enforce their voluntary choices on people who voluntarily chose not to obey these additional rules . 
  that was all i was saying . 
  the laws the lawmakers make , who were voted into their position by us the people , they have to be obeyed , whether anybody likes them or the reason for their making and stay in force until the same or later lawmakers who were equally voted into their position , change them . 
  i think we can all agree to that and do n't need to force me into defending a position i never agreed to . 
  i agree to every sentence you said . 
  why do you insist on talking about laws ? 
  i never did . 
   if you choose restrictions in your life so be it , i did n't agree to them . 
  this what i answered in the first place . 
  the restrictions one single person choses in his life are surely not laws . 
  i even explained it in my first answer to you . 
  let me repeat : i never spoke about laws and i wo n't start to do so . 
  you are arguing with a [ straw man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man ) . 
  nice straw man argument , i never talked about laws . 
   if you , along the current general population , believe that those laws should be removed , then you should ask for it . 
  exactly . 
  that 's a minor point i wish for in the party i vote for . 
  although , i did n't speak of laws , which i did n't agree to , but of the additional restrictions a religious , vegetarian , abstinent , etc. 
  person accepts in his life . 
  in my opinion people can do what they want , as long as they do n't interfere with the general freedom we as a sovereign guarantee ourselves . 
  so what ? 
  if you choose restrictions in your life so be it , i did n't agree to them . 
  i understood [ bblbbllbl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgqpkzb-xvc#t=7s ) . 
  the one that gema does n't block . 
  is your tag correct ? 
  i had a hard time trying to understand his dutch .
