  and if anybody chooses to break the laws anywhere , they are free to face the countries jurisdiction . 
  yes now , but not 5 or how many , years ago . 
  that 's why i mentioned the country with a recent change in pot policy , which jailed many citizens for small amounts , because it shows , that the uae are not exceptionally bad , or even special with their pot policy , like you suggested in your post . 
  did egypt pay the same amount as russia would have ? 
  you would n't dare to d-day them !, 
  stupid french coastline . 
  in german it 's called `` w\u00e4rmflasche '' . 
  just sayin . 
  you are the hippest resignator there is . 
  source ? 
  good point . 
  ah , you are talking about kanisterk\u00f6ppe . 
  `` fuck , i packed the wrong passport this morning . '', 
  the same thing is happening in this thread only the other way around . 
  and yes , that is stupid . 
  uk laws do n't apply in any other countries . 
  could have been the usa 5 years ago . 
  he did , now he should deal with it . 
  the punishment is made possible by the laws . 
   i dont really have a problem with people trying to make profit of their product then you do n't have a problem with watching advertisements in the first place . 
  she needs the money as breadcrumbs to lure more refugees . 
  poland was pope , then we were and now there is a hippie pope . 
  great danes for the great danes !, 
  oh , i meant swiss/dutch test . 
  the danish king probably just did n't know how to use a belt . 
  yeah , i know , but too similar . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's impossible to explain to germans . 
  i do n't think so , but to be honest , i do n't know many people who are living next to refugee camp . 
  refugees in school gyms are not new , we had that before . 
  of course people do n't like it , but a crisis is different . 
  i 'm living between a refugee camp and the next supermarket and the inner city , so you see more brownies in the streets , but that 's it . 
  of course school gyms are for sports and i do n't want to have any one living in them , but that is not something that causes riots . 
  cool thanks , we sat in prague last weekend and thought about european capitals we 'd like to see and the baltics ' were quite interesting . 
  wait the international socialists are left ? 
  when i went through the translation i thought : `` well pegida ok , but even i would protest against a group with a name like international socialists . 
  it 's like they do n't even try to hide anymore . '', 
  the last time you said you were neutral !, 
  if your biggest enemies are your allies now , the union provided security . 
  there 's no doubt that the eu brought us peace . 
  wow , you are really small . 
  how about a weekend , or a week in tallinn . 
  is it worth a week ? 
  it 's like uk and eu . 
   how can islamic terror and one million refugees not be in the news or minds of citizens in the coming months ? 
  because it is n't interfering with everyday life , so people lose interest after few weeks . 
  merkel does n't have the power to open/close borders . 
  we do not live in a autocracy . 
  some time ago germany signed contracts to help refugees not only the first million of them . 
  merkel could tell the public , what the government is doing to help the situation , this is what i am missing and what i criticize in her work . 
  if the governments stance is different on two completely different topics ( greece money/refugees ) , so be it . 
  if we do n't like it , let 's vote for a new government then . 
  i do n't like the quasi new borders of ukraine either . 
  but to prevent a dependency of germany on a single fossil fuel supplier , we need to maintain business with a diversity of them . 
  this is a bigger factor to germany 's well being , than borders of a foreign state . 
  and even ukraine itself is still buying russian gas , although they are at war with `` separatists '' . 
   it 's improbable , to me , that she could maintain power . 
  somebody told me , that she might have an eye on the next un general secretary position , which might be a reason for her soft public stance . 
  if that is true she would not act in the german people 's interest . 
  that 's the netherlands/belgium test for toddlers . 
  you put them in clocks on the sea and if they manage to get upright in time to prevent brain damage they 're dutch . 
  absolutely , he even `` jumped '' twice on stage . 
  if you see him walk , that 's some risk he took there . 
  but i prefer recorded music . 
  the dutch are cross dressers . 
  what 's the unit for soylent green ? 
  you are an anglophobe . 
   in the more backwards parts of holland there 's somewhere a belgium joke hidden in here . 
  why , what do they do better ? 
  the wooden shoes float as well . 
  they should form some kind of government to take care of that . 
  what ? 
  curling is on tv sometimes . 
  american football is bigger than rugby in germany . 
  and american football sucks ass compared to curling . 
  only time i was in prague 's ice hockey arena was for a ozzy osbourne concert . 
  what is the advantage a government has , when social media sites are slowed , or blocked ? 
  why would they want to do it in the first place ? 
  edit : two posts down on reddit is an article about protests . 
  is hindering the organization of protests a reason ? 
   far-right ` socialists ' there already is a name for them . 
  the afd has no other topic . 
  the same thin is true for pegida . 
  if the islamist and refugee topics are no longer present in the main media both will vanish again . 
  unfortunately , while their topics are presented in the evening news , nobody talks to their followers to relativize the magnitude of the problems . 
  even after this is over , those people will still be here and their opinion wo n't disappear , they are just not as present . 
  i think the greek monetary problems helped to fuel an anti-european opinion , which is usually found among conservatives . 
  before this opinion could settle down to normal the refugees arrived . 
  as long as there are not too many elections at the moment this will go over like any other `` crisis '' we had . 
  no , some people use arguments . 
  the op was the first time i ever heard of that guy and i 'm not interested in his story . 
  what if he was caught with grenades ? 
  was he caught after the usa attacked afghanistan or before ? 
  if it was before , then the afghans would have to deal with him , if it was after , then it is his right , some would say duty , to defend his country . 
  if he was caught fucking a goat , or [ eat da poo poo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euxqbzdwv0w ) , that would be hilarious , but i would n't send him to torture prison because of that . 
  yes , i can imagine that it is said to provoke a feeling of guilt . 
  and the probability of his guilt is enough to convict him an torture him in a country which has no legal power in another country . 
  same is true for communism , but that does n't stop people . 
  if the organization is illegal in your country , but the person is living on the other side of the world you have no say in what should happen to that person or how he should live his life . 
  i hope you never get to work in any form of legal system . 
  why ?
