  because of the headline . 
   do you want the uk to just be a ` yes man ' and go along with whatever germany ~ ~ + france ~ ~ want ? 
  yes , please . 
  brexit now !, 
  and who cares about the next small step , and the following one ? 
  who cares about data preservation for three months , or 6 months , only three more ? 
  who cares if that data is used for other things than unsuccessful terrorist hunts , like only * really * bad things like child pornography ? 
  and then tax evasion , yeah , but who cares ? 
  well not lies , but the numbers are vastly overestimated . 
  also , the wehrmacht did n't take part in the stealings , it was all the ss and those bad guys . 
  polish/turkish triathlon : walk to the swimming pool , swim , go home by bike . 
  is that an lj or an ij ? 
  soaked in warm water for few hours acorns no longer cause nausea and digestive distress when consumed . 
  they are in no way inferior to any maple produce . 
  `` everything is wrong ! '', 
  -- / r/europe, 
  i just have been once in warsaw some years ago , arrived by train and it was very ... intrusive . 
  where 's that ugly soviet tower next to the main station ? 
  is it the one with the yellow tip ? 
  when i wrote it i thought about germans on vacation , but it works fine as a war reference , i guess . 
  you can share hiv , not aids . 
  only with german immigrants . 
  not the party as such , but i think there is a certain number of members and supporters drifting in from the neo-nazi area , who are anti-semitic . 
  that 's what i meant with `` they have to be careful not to be infiltrated by right activists '' . 
  i think of what happened to the skinhead movement at the end of the 80s , i guess . 
  nowadays in germany a skinhead equals a nazi-skin , although they were a non-political workers ' movement . 
  afd should make stronger statements against the further right and demand a stronger separation of their members . 
  if they continue to blend in to the right , they might end up as the new npd/dvu/reps ( very far right parties ) . 
  as for the moment , i accept them as representatives of a minority opinion . 
  dunno , not by me . 
  if you can read german , the [ german wikipedia page ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_f%c3%bcr_deutschland ) is quite comprehensive . 
  i * have the feeling * that their main problem with asylum seekers is , that they want to avoid people who are denied asylum in germany , but ca n't be sent back to their country . 
  so they are tolerated here ( legal expression ) , although they did n't have a right to come/stay here in the first place . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/what-does-the-afd-stand-for/a-19100127 ) is something in english . 
  i can not download any english texts from their homepage . 
  basically they have to be careful not to be infiltrated by right activists . 
  it 's the only way to deal with them , in my opinion . 
  if we 'd ban them , their followers would just become the smoldering fire they were before . 
  ridiculing them just leads to them taking cover within their swarm . 
  but allowing them to speak out loud , i.e. 
  forcing them to argue against an educated parliamentary and extra-parliamentary opposition will give anybody the chance to compare their views with reality . 
  but it 'll solve the issues with foreign companies , which is a good thing . 
   what i am saying is that if eu really tries to be an union like usa , [ ... ] no , you did say :  this is how common market works in eu . 
  `` hey , here is something that might work out financially beneficial for you , but it also could potentially fuck you and your business over ! '', 
  `` i have no opinion one way or the other . '', 
  you mean the second ? 
  do n't they fight for political freedom aka independence ? 
  it 's not every europeans ' tax money . 
  why do you respond two months later ? 
   `` it 's one step ahead , and one step back , but fortunately , the step ahead is bigger . '', 
  alright then ... 
  shh , that 's what we told the dutch . 
  i recognize only one person on the pictures . 
  blocked in germany . 
  man , we suck . 
  we need 1 $ coins to put in our shopping carts . 
  we do n't . 
  mostly true , in my opinion . 
  after they won the elections they simply ignored what their old government agreed on in negotiations with eu and imf . 
  in that way the syriza government worsened the crisis for the greek to some extend . 
  but ` saving arses ' was done to profit from the interest . 
  that 's neither good nor bad . 
  the greek state needed money , so they borrowed it . 
  no good or evil doing here . 
  the referendum the syriza government held was about accepting terms for receiving money , which were negotiated by the old government and no longer on the table after the syriza amateur stunt during negotiations . 
  so , completely senseless with the result that tsipras had to accept much worse conditions after the v-clown deserted from responsibilty . 
  everybody was telling it all the time . 
  biergarten ? 
  old debt was due . 
  they got cheap money to pay for that , if they can show a believable plan to take care for themselves in the future . 
  now eu/imf want them to stick to their plan . 
  but that sounds exactly like the pronunciation of the fans . 
  beatuh , beatuh, 
  i do n't think it 's only in germany , but when the announcer in a football stadium communicates with the fans he thanks them at the end ( danke ) and they say `` your welcome '' ( bitte ) . 
  but it 's always pronounced strangely , i guess it 's easier to understand from a crowd that way . 
  it goes [ `` danke , danke ! '', 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nglw1xnjiku&amp;t=37s ) , but sounds like the french bite . 
  a couple of cents for every click on a video !, 
  that are a lot of couples of cents . 
  especially for a russian car radio blaring in dashcam quality , just because it happened to be switched on during a rare and interesting natural phenomenon . 
  due to bullshit rules . 
  remember that meteorite coming down in russia several years ago ? 
  the fucking youtube videos were censored , because people with dashcams had their radio playing while driving . 
  this is how you destroy every day life , artistic and scientific interest and keep an obsolete infrastructure forcibly alive . 
  sitting in front of your tv , waiting for uninformative announcements to come up , while the world interactively discusses matters of the present , building up knowledge from first hand sources . 
  well , the incubator story and the wmd 's in iraq are not true for sure . 
  the chemical attack excuse is n't proven right or wrong . 
  there are claims on both sides , which i , as a person several hundred kilometers away , have no chance to verify . 
  it 's just a matter of whom does the reader believe . 
  my only indicator is , what would assad gain with such an attack and what trump . 
  assad gains a bombing , trump a distraction from domestic politics . 
  thus my tendency to doubt the quick certainty of the german media . 
  the vetos prevent bigger wars . 
  if several countries would conspire against a large power , un or not , there would be a major war , because something goes against the primary interest of a powerful country . 
  you ca n't increase the number of veto powers , because you would n't be able to decide anything . 
  you ca n't take away veto powers , e.g. 
  of the usa , because they would just continue attacking any country they like . 
  i think that last sentence is the reason the un appears much like a joke . 
  if the russians veto a un decision , then the us start an attack on a syrian airport anyway , after they faked a chemical attack . 
  well , i 'd think , if a large number of countries can agree to a war and none of the veto powers thinks it is against their own interests , there might be a good enough reason .
