  damn `` news '' source . 
  i agree . 
  it bridges the dead textbook past with the near past , that is still alive in memories . 
  it compares `` our '' martyr heroes with `` their '' martyr terrorists . 
  it challenges the automatic connotation of heroism with martyr , depicted in `` hollywood us marine heroes purple heart shit '' and `` russian soldier called airstrike on himself '' in the same way , as it does the depiction of the martyr muslim terrorist , the ultimative bad person . 
  the freedom of art and speech hypocrites come out of their holes , which was already pointed out by ahmadinedschad , who mentioned the different limits to said freedom . 
  in iran 's case it was the depiction of muhammed , in germany it was the denying of the holocaust . 
  there is rarely such a lively debate about a topic as in this thread . 
  this piece of art clearly works as intended . 
  i like every aspect about it . 
  indeed, 
  you should rather vote , i guess . 
  read the article !, 
   start your own fake religion that 's how every religion started . 
  there are older german reinheitsgebote than that . 
  [ i like your comparison ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm61svn4u5g#t=23s ) . 
  we just do n't answer the phone . 
  since when do they get 120 $ ? 
  as far as i remember some court of us decided , that they have to get the same amount as welfare . 
  i thought this came up whith uk and your poles . 
  german do-gooders would have kissed asses , but cameron started demanding this as some might be no-brexit conditions . 
  suddenly it was ok to talk about it and tadaa , germany is spitting in the face of eu common markets and free movement of work force . 
  but if australia is anything like israel , we would have given them away . 
  did n't stop the mayflower migrants . 
  it would have been , if it ever happened . 
  oh , did you find one ? 
  the polish death camps were . 
  we should swap shirts before the match in qatar . 
   sorry i am not going to abbreviate it as ss get over it !, 
  what ? 
  i like the british football team . 
  it reminds me when i played in 5th grade . 
   german politicians like to suck us dick . 
  german politics in a nutshell . 
  so , you are saying , that the decision regarding bush and ratzinger were wrong ? 
  not deleted after 7 hours . 
  i am disappoint !, 
   given their history fuck you . 
  it 's those kids these days ... 
  that 's why it is a poem . 
  if people are censoring themselves , erdogan won . 
  fuck , i laughed when he did the police officer . 
  in public germans make jokes that `` everybody can laugh about '' . 
  in other words they are not funny . 
  that 's because there is always one female/gay/green person who destroys the fun , by reminding you and everybody else of how morally bad your joke was . 
  you do n't need to agree , but these people are bringing everybody down with them . 
  there are others , but you first get to know them , earn their trust by drinking beer with them , not declining food because of your made up shit rules and by not being an asshole . 
  after that people are quite alright here . 
  is this how brigades are organized ? 
  how about leaving others with our local stuff alone ? 
  if a bag of rice falls over in china i would n't want to read about it here . 
  you mean csu ? 
  must 've happened in those polish death camps . 
   printouts of articles from the internet and photos of the juelich chairman , wolfgang marquardt , had been found in abdeslam 's apartment considered what ? 
  he googled that guy . 
  i 'm no planning an attack on vertikal19 , because i just googled him . 
  looks like [ he is gay ] ( http://www.amazon.de/yantec-pin-rainbow-ribbon-vertikal/dp/b001lzxp6o ) , now i plan to attack him . 
  [ it should ] ( https://coub.com/view/86qus ), 
  personal freedom can only go so far that it does n't compromise the freedom of another person . 
  maximization of the overall freedom can only be the goal . 
  you 're a pig fucker !, 
  me neither . 
  what i like about the eu is that those guys live in the uk now . 
  we wo n't , if you stay . 
  if he played a shooter , he would have done it on purpose . 
  til bombers can be people . 
  i thought , wtf is up with barrack obomba ? 
  they should petition in favour of it . 
  just to make sure it 'll never be considered by politicians . 
  it hurts to see them struggle . 
  what am i ? 
  anyway it 's too low . 
  how come we are the only one to suffer for europe ? 
  why would anybody want * that * flag ? 
  you do n't buy freedom of speech . 
  yo , [ we elected our kings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince-elector ) since the 13th century . 
  and with `` we '' i mean seven other guys . 
  show me a single civilized country that prefers some other non-alcoholic hot drink over coffee !, 
  india maybe ... and china , ok , but not three !, 
  not before dumping their coffee on you . 
  the best thing turkey did for the civilized world . 
  they civilized us . 
  vienna was a turkish city . 
  almost . 
  good, 
  you have a pretty poor memory not to remember , that this is old news . 
  isis, 
  let the apple fanboys bleed , i say . 
  custom fees are distributed later in the fiscal year among the poeple . 
  this guy knows his mafia , just transfer the money over panama . 
  they took your jobs !, 
  netherlands - something something aquaman ( no need to explain that choice . ), 
  no , but it makes it old news . 
  compared to telegraph or independent ? 
  how do you get 12 points max ? 
  i got 9/11 . 
  ( no shit ), 
  i 'm a human being !, 
  you should n't intermix sex and gender . 
  in german for example , if the sex is not concerned , the masculine ( gender ) form of a word is used .
