  i never said that religion is not part of our history , nor that it is no longer present in europe . 
  it 's just no european value to be a good christian . 
  you can have any religion you want , or none , it 's up to you . 
  being christian is no european value !, 
  let as many economic migrants in my bedroom as you want , but fuck off with religion . 
  in germany they get food , housing , clothing , basic household items and money . 
  and from syria . 
  the photo woman is not the single mother . 
  and the article talks about 10000 facebook comments , likes ? 
  you mean they could give the kurds what belongs to the kurds ? 
  maybe it was taught in school and i just ca n't remember . 
  all i remember about that time is the [ hambacher fest ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/hambach_festival ) in 1832 and the [ german revolution ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/german_revolutions_of_1848%e2%80%9349 ) in 1848 . 
  the [ german wikipedia article ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/de/deutsche_revolution_1848/1849 ) uses the singular , as i remember it . 
  edit : and 1871 of course . 
  you rang ? 
  it 's time , it 's time let 's throw out foreigners . 
  good bye , balkans !, 
  one country , one people , one pure religion !, 
  so much for the german parts . 
  and who drinks more beer ? 
  but they do n't . 
  a good joke is timeless . 
  well , if there 's a war nearby the constant flow is not so constant anymore . 
  at the moment more people arrive than the years before . 
  how can a model be , that you simply do the same thing faster ? 
  there must be more to it . 
  and people are often concerned about legality , but laws can be changed . 
  if it 's not in time for this wave of asylum seekers , then we should do it before the next arrives . 
  you 're right , crasher555 's rant was so general , that i assumed you were talking about ans asylum seekers . 
  could be , there is afaik the possibility of a sped up asylum procedure . 
  usually if asylum is denied , you can contest the decision . 
  if it is denied again , you can go to court about it . 
  but when people come from a secure country , the first rejection counts and they are sent back . 
  edit : do you know what the reasons could be to deny asylum to the 0.5 % ? 
  i mean , there is war in syria . 
  there are not only people from syria seeking asylum . 
  edit : and even if they are , they are not automatically refugees , the status has still to be granted , like i said . 
  [ some ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3rb9mioivi ) are concerned about it . 
   `` i 'm a single mother with a 6-year-old son ... we can take a child in need . 
  i 'm a teacher and would teach the child to speak , read and write icelandic and adjust to icelandic society . 
  we have clothes , a bed , toys and everything a child needs . 
  i would of course pay for the airplane ticket , '' she does know , that it is not mostly unaccompanied toddlers crossing our borders ? 
  you do n't know that . 
  they seek asylum and that is granted if they are refugees . 
  i did not know , that the german revolution in '48 was only one among so many others . 
  if that happens in only one country , ok . 
  but lybia , egypt , syria and where else were demonstrations and uprisings ? 
  that looks planned . 
  and as i said , i believe that to be at least believable . 
  it 's not like i could prove it . 
  the next superhero snowden2 has to prove it for me . 
  no , not at all . 
  fuck that . 
  people go to the game to not being bothered with that shit . 
  clubs have a publicity problem of right wing fans , who insult foreign professional players and who attack players and referees when less police is around . 
  but more so they have a problem with violent fans who are looking for fights with other fans and if hindered , with the police , while tv cameras are present . 
  these banners are a attempt by fan organizations to improve their image and to contradict the visibility of right wing banners . 
  i 'm convinced they mean it , but again , the good fans do n't want to worry about that . 
  they go there to watch a good game with friends . 
  no do-gooder campaign in the free time , just a fucking game . 
  if banners with an opposite message would n't result in stadium ban , then i 'm sure there were at least as many banners of this kind visible . 
  it 's not the politically correct academic with nothing to worry about who attends soccer games and it 's only the right wingers who are there to get publicity . 
  the others , employing a rough tone maybe , but they only want to show their club 's colours , no politics . 
  i believe that the arab spring was organized with the support of western countries and in syria the subsequent formation of the free syrian army . 
  as far as i remember was a official support against assad blocked by the russians in the un security council . 
  and they maintain a naval base at the mediterranean coast of syria . 
  after that , things got out of hand , because the fsa could n't maintain order in their terrain and from that arose several religious fighting groups , among them isis . 
  well everybody does it . 
  that 's what secret agencies are for . 
  supporting your enemies enemy , which you do n't like and bombing your own citizens to fake terrorism , as done on the oktoberfest in germany , or not really terrorism , but blowing up greenpeace ships by france . 
  i omitted examples of the obvious culprits . 
  do i misinterpret your good luck ? 
  they are pro assad . 
  was n't the intention with the whole attack on syria , before isis even existed , to get the russians out of the mediterranean sea ? 
  just like the maidan revolution and the black sea . 
  that means , the ship 's people found another city by accident , which they were n't looking for ? 
  the title says , that the ship found a city . 
  do you mean it differs from the city , that was found `` a couple days ago '' ? 
  strange , it would be legal in canada according to wikipedia  canada has no legislation specifically restricting the ownership , display , purchase , import or export of nazi flags . 
  however sections 318-320 of the criminal code , [ 8 ] adopted by canada 's parliament in 1970 and based in large part on the 1965 cohen committee recommendations , [ 9 ] provide law enforcement agencies with broad scope to intervene if such flags are used to communicate hatred in a public place ( particularly sections 319 ( 1 ) , 319 ( 2 ) , and 319 ( 7 ) . 
  [ 9 ] and it 's not like , that only 80 year olds can be nazis . 
  it is not uncommon to speak of nazis if they are several decades younger . 
  anyway , as / u/de _ facto implied , the fact , that ( neo - ) nazis nowadays usually do n't present this flag is no reason to exclude the possibility , that this flag could be hissed by ( neo - ) nazis . 
  [ so , you 're saying , there ca n't be nazis involved , because they are flying the nazi flag ? 
  ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/duck_test ), 
  that does n't answer his question , but only repeats the statement of / u/splergel , you parrot . 
  do you even argue ? 
  give a proof and i vote you to the top . 
  no wonder it was a swiss boat that found it . 
  probably a jewish captain ? 
  everybody cares about / u/pengipeng 's mom . 
   i feel like we need to call us homeland security over to help with the migrant issues . 
  / u/orvandi i didnt ' like the tone of his post . 
  they feel like they need a foreign state 's institution to protect their borders , i am really glad we are sovereign . 
  very true !, 
  bad argumentation from / u/flypflap91 . 
  he probably ca n't imagine to be in such a situation , as you said . 
  additionally , this point of view can only come from somebody who is not living at the border of the eu , where illegals inevitably arrive . 
  this variety of foods i 'd like to try . 
  i feel comfortable in a german city of about 500000-600000 citizens .
