  first they take our jobs and our parking spots and now they take our beer ? 
  if it were the other way around it would be equally important . 
  you need to punch like a sissy . 
  your are [ not really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_the_united_kingdom ) from the uk , are you ? 
  or did i misread your comment and you were referring to the `` global search results '' ? 
  that 's how i like my country , atheistic . 
  no tax breaks for churches . 
  * to a non-eu country, 
  i heard that as `` new york ca n't grow bigger than a population of one million , because it would drown in horse manure '' . 
  was there actually such a prediction ? 
  make terrorism illegal . 
  issue `` solved '' . 
  soylent green is people , though . 
  a friend of mine studies japanology and he told me , that there are a lot of groping videos of japanese women on the internet . 
  with measures like this , the numbers of such filth hopefully decrease rapidly . 
  group whereworm believes that this is a marketing idea that targets women . 
  by the way , there are four answers at this moment in this thread . 
  we could have one additional opinion . 
   citizen of [ ... ] origin i wish a journalist in germany was that observant . 
  are you sure that 's not a map of the cultural diversity index of the countries ' population ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  this is europe , live where you want . 
  it 's a free `` not yet country '' . 
  that 'd be a job for the germans . 
  our cockpit lights are bright enough to even write during night !, 
   refugees continue arriving in greece [ ... ] turkish officials have also started arriving in greece oh shit !, 
  the link is a google search . 
  that 's what he meant . 
  electric power goes where the cable goes . 
   right wing racist movements  right wing racist parties you are well aware , that there are conservative people which are not racist , do you ? 
  you do n't need to spread your agenda to give the right ( side of a parliament as seen from the speaker 's position ) a bad connotation . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  we all agreed on that during the meeting we did n't invite you to . 
  another difference are recent reddit posts about the astronaut spending the longest time period in space , which came down to half a year . 
  a cosmonaut spent over two years in space . 
  uk leaving the european mainland union - ultemaidun, 
  not everyone !, 
  what kind of monsters do you think we are !, 
  a boat leaving turkey , heading for lebanon . 
  what does that have to do with greece and it 's borders ? 
  did they find your meth ? 
  stop driving them towards brexit !, 
  what ? 
  do you mean you did n't make the gif ? 
  i also heard , that our dear leader invented the steam engine . 
  he wrote an essay about it called mein dampf . 
  nah , that was mein krampf . 
  the controllers were really shitty back then . 
  did he need a shengen visa ? 
  could n't he get one for italy and a tourist visa for austria ? 
  check your passport if it does n't say cyprus . 
  genociding someone or talking about having genocided someone ? 
  with you explanaition the joke is somewhat appealing . 
  that he would be well-educated by his parents and in school . 
  at some point you have to pay for your education . 
  the refugee problem must be solved at the external borders of the eu . 
  the greek-macedonian border is an external eu border . 
  the scots are cool , the welsh i never met and northern ireland is irish . 
  as an eu citizen , we have the english . 
  i like things . 
  do you even need your country ? 
  should be released , because she should stay there . 
   however , with the uk gone , you guys could adopt english as an official language without benefiting one member state over the others . 
  spoken like a true european . 
  if i ca n't have what i want , i want everybody to be fucked equally . 
  what is in `` no population ? '', 
  me neither , but do you think those fences are removed as fast as they were built ? 
   `` once again the european union voted for something , it reached an agreement , and a number of countries who are lacking the culture of the european union , including austria , unfortunately , violated this deal like dublin iii ? 
  that 's why our military will fit in just fine . 
  you know that one guy who invented bullshit ? 
  before that everyone was atheist . 
  if by `` taxes done '' you mean everything substracted to the max , then yes . 
  not much to see , if the whole economy aims at blind customers . 
  well , it has it 's eligibility for an everyday , commercial use , but in times of the internet ( and the internet has been here for quite some time ) it 's ridiculous that they ca n't find an agreement . 
  after all it is to the disadvantage of internet users , youtube 's ~ ~ customers ~ ~ product and german artists , gema 's ~ ~ customers ~ ~ source of income . 
  there is something like an artist union gema . 
  everyone who produces art can be part of it and they will help you to ensure your copyright on your work . 
  if someone wants to play your music publicly they have to pay a fee to the gema and they will pay a percentage of it forward to you . 
  one strange legal thing is , that the burden of proof is up to the person who plays the music . 
  you have to proof them , that the music you are playing is not protected by the gema . 
  if you ca n't you have to pay . 
  ca n't say if the artist would see some money from that , if he actually is n't member of the gema . 
  although youtube is not responsible for the content of the hosted videos , they are obliged to take them down , as soon as they get to know , that gema protected content might be in a video . 
  they could pay a fee to gema to prevent this , but gema wants a pay-per-click fee , which youtube says is too high . 
  so , if gema gets to know of a video with their music in ( not only music video , but shit radio in the back ) they ask youtube to block it . 
  with the effect , that the internet in germany becomes a lot shittier ( e.g. 
  you ca n't see great meteoroid videos ) and that the artists do not get paid . 
  td ; dr : the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  mmh that is so ridiculous . 
  remember that meteoroid coming down in russia , destroying windows ? 
  a lot of dashcam videos filmed it , but many of them were blocked in germany , because they had the radio turned on and one could hear a few seconds of some russian music . 
  oh yes and after i watched the scene in english you 'll float , too !, 
  how many clicks did i generate by scrolling down on that site ? 
   what is termed as unnatural behaviour is sex between species unnatural ? 
  as if it never happened . 
  the offspring is just not able to reproduce . 
  it is as unnatural as homosexual intercourse . 
  it 's not the norm , but still happens in nature . 
  you did the math !, 
  in germany we ca n't watch the video , because it might contain copyrighted music .
