  now we can discuss what is meant by `` bundesrepublik deutschland '' . 
  the nation , the government , the state , i do n't know . 
   i personally consider people like beck , speidel and staufenberg heroes . 
  first , since we are talking about a present day coup attempt in turkey , you are the second redditor today who compares the nazi regime to turkey under erdogan 's presidency . 
  i ca n't agree to that . 
  second , the winner writes the history . 
  one man 's hero is another man 's traitor . 
   why should people not murder you right now ? 
  because i accept our rule of law and did n't try to overthrow the very same thing that guarantees me human rights . 
  i 'm against violence , but if somebody tries to hurt me , i 'd make an exception for him . 
   in their eyes they had the duty to do this coming from somebody who has an italian tag , this is probably the reasoning of every mafia killer . 
  you do n't consider a part of military disobeying the chain of command and trying to overthrow their government traitors ? 
  i mean , the absence of law and order is horrible , but that does n't mean in any way that i 'd prefer every self-proclaimed , not democratically elected body who would hold all power in the state over my police . 
  maybe you do n't remember the incident , that just happened , but a fucking part of the military attacked the state . 
  people went to the streets to defend their fucking country against hostile gunmen and traitors . 
  would n't be the killing the lynching then ? 
  if the soldiers taking part in the coup wanted to be treated according to the judicial system , they should not have put themselves over the same . 
  they decided not to play by the rules , now i ' fine with them getting a taste of that . 
  after they committed treason and attempted a coup with the weapons the civilians trusted them with , paid with their money they get from productive jobs , for the case , that they needed a defense against attackers the soldiers became . 
  kill em off i say . 
  using teargas against soldiers is against the geneva conventions . 
  soldiers attacking defenseless civilians deserve this . 
  oh , please . 
  you would n't still be mad about * that * incident !, 
  [ other country 's police does . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2016/jul/13/nottinghamshire-police-count-wolf-whistling-hate-crime ), 
  why ? 
  we have a national day . 
  if we had a spine , we would celebrate it , too . 
  those showers were in the european union , not merkelreich . 
  and for germany, 
  yes , but it 's usually pronounced * schaf so\u00dfe , schaf k\u00e4se * . 
  you do n't want to miss `` red sauce '' . 
  red is the flavour . 
  they say and you say yes !, 
  ah , gdr and frg alone are weak , but together we form a strong new country , combining only the good aspects of both . 
  you can join , if you want , but you must bring your mighty football power into the german-superfriends . 
  gyros pita is better . 
  has the correct animal in it . 
  [ you mean 1978 ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/fu%c3%9fball-weltmeisterschaft_1978/%c3%96sterreich ) . 
  yeah well , but you only tied with the gdr , which counts as me german , not you german . 
  guys , guys , calm down !, 
  we all are germans !, 
  we are just not equal . 
  generics , too ? 
  did n't the the roman say inbefore `` if you 're not done by dawn , i 'll cut your balls off ! '', 
  or something like that ? 
  at least in the german version he does . 
  that 's because belgium was overrated this championship , england is overrated for decades . 
   schulz : it 's true . 
  for many people , politics in brussels and strasbourg might as well be happening on another planet . 
  just come to brussels after a council meeting . 
  do you know what happens ? 
  every head of government holds his or her own press conference . 
  they all say the same thing , in 24 languages : i was able to push through my agenda . 
  and if the result is anything other than what they desired , the message is : brussels is to blame . 
  it has been this way for over 20 years . 
  these messages stick with people , and that 's ** deadly for europe ** . 
  this appears to be the excuse for the bad headline . 
  `` spiegel , the tabloid for high-school graduates . '', 
  because self-worth . 
  you mean niedersachsen , but they only hold 20 % of the shares . 
  no , go home !, 
  ec is over . 
  it 's pronounced `` hearts fear '' . 
  just welfare . 
  used to be called sozialhilfe , was reformed by a guy named peter hartz ( 4th part of a reform , which was adjusted before implementing , aka destroyed to shit by politicians ) and the name had a stigma , then they called it hartz 4 . 
  another reform , because the name got a stigma again and now it 's called arbeitslosengeld 2 ( unemployment benefits 2 ) . 
  unemployment benefits 1 are unemployment benefits . 
  getting unemployment benefits ( 1 ) is not viewed that badly , because it works like an insurance and you had to pay in to get more out . 
  after a maximum of one year and without assets you get welfare , inofficially you become a `` hartzer '' . 
  you are branded as lazy scum , living off the honest joe . 
  actually that used to be reserved for people who accepted a life on welfare and did n't bother to find a job , but not many people are that observant anymore . 
  there are only two categories worse than you , foreign hartzer and asylum seekers and since you kick harder downwards , if there are n't many under you ... 
  i mean , / u/ninguen is alright , but all the others , ugh . 
  you see what happened in the pigs states , it is because they do n't know what work is . 
  it 's the cultural difference . 
  not the guys , where we keep on going for vacation for the last 20 years . 
  they are fine , so friendly and welcoming . 
  but the others , you know who i 'm talking about . 
  maybe she should have gotten up earlier then . 
   see , the word `` chivalry '' comes from the french word `` chevalier , '' which comes from `` cheval , '' which means `` horse . '' chivalry is literally just `` rules for if you have a horse . 
  chevalier means knight . 
  chivalry is how knights were supposed to behave . 
  what 's decent about sitting in the wrong seat ? 
  that was n't so bad for belgium . 
  success kid could . 
  and her husband 's back to battenberg . 
  you did n't in ' 66 . 
  if the average british voter is somewhat like the german , they surely do n't remember landesbanki . 
  well , since bud spencer just died , you could look up some [ rainer brandt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5mrw_qdbey ) stuff . 
  he was busy looking for freedom . 
  there is no door . 
  only a hole in the side of the bus . 
  what door ? 
  he 's a frankfurter , so he is fucking rich , not london rich , but still . 
  no , aristocracy and monarchy can stay out . 
  i do n't want another war over the shit of a single cunt . 
  even i think all of them are probably true . 
  the second one most certainly is .
