  or do they just have a different opinion on an aspect ? 
  i 'd like to apply for one godwin point , please . 
   at least he 's not afraid of saying and doing what he thinks oh boy , no way that could backfire . 
  if the cia did a good job , we would have several and a coup . 
  i hope it 's further away from zero . 
  if it is 0,02 % , than its 100 % more !, 
  do n't let israel 's bombs hit you !, 
  how much crude oil do i need for 1l diesel and how much does that cost ? 
  comparing a football game with civil war does n't help . 
  yo , metal head !, 
  i think you mean trashing !, 
  well on may 1st , or father 's day it is quite possible . 
  true , ca n't speak for football fans , since i 've only been to a few games . 
  but this is true for any volksfest . 
  there is this small amount of people and if i 'm not among them it 's sometimes unpleasant . 
  it 's enough , if you are not sure how they react/behave . 
  your username suggest that you 're rather with them , than harassed by them . 
  but i 'm sure / u/drspielchen wants it , too . 
  as you wish . 
   0,01 % [ ... ] is quite far from zero . 
  are you a mathematician ? 
  we make the others look bad . 
  they are murders . 
  are the memories of having to flee from your home due to war still present among serbs , or did n't it occur on the level of the whole country ? 
  what i 'm wondering is , if there are more passionate proponents of helping refugees , because of the war in yugoslavia . 
  here in germany i have heard from grandparents what fleeing means , but that generation is `` dying out '' . 
  well , if you put it that way , then even i would 've downvoted me . 
  but that 's not what i meant !, 
  i started with that , trying to read posts with a different sound and meaning . 
  often i feel , that an intention of the poster is imprinted on me , either by the previous post , or if he got many down - or upvotes , as if others had already ruled out the possibility of a different intention . 
  but , here we are , not wanting to kill anybody , because he is no longer a muslim . 
  ahh , now i get your point . 
  the more i discuss on the internet , the more i understand how wars start . 
   leaving islam is punishable by death according to the rules of islam . 
  i would have wanted / u/obliviuns to write that . 
  instead he just wrote  leaving islam is punishable by death . 
  edit : and i collected a trillion downvotes just for arguing about this point . 
  ah man , you 're doing it again . 
  there were three options in the survey , one of them was chosen the most , by a small margin , admitted . 
  and that option was to reduce the numbers of refugees . 
  i did n't register to the site you linked , i just looked at the first page , that is what i cited from before . 
  well , the more arrive , the longer it takes to process all applications . 
  an increase in staff will always come after a demand . 
  huh , i was n't . 
  i was talking about your interpretation of the survey you linked  yup , this survey from july says over half of germans say germany should take care of reufgees at the current rate or more . 
  only 38 % said it should take in less , but what less means is not defined . 
  which was an answer to  you are deliberately mixing up refugees and immigrants !, 
   merkel clearly stated that people fleeing from war will recieve help . 
  people fleeing due to economic reasons will not recieve asylum and will be sent back as fast as possible . 
  and the outcome of the survey was , that even if you do n't mix up refugees and immigrants most people are in favour of reducing the numbers of refugees accepted to germany . 
  although i really doubt , that the people surveyed made the correct distinction between refugees and immigrants . 
  i often hear them wrongly used as synonyms . 
  ah maybe , i do n't know how recent the court ruling was about paying asylum applicants the same amount as hartz4 , what we see as a necessary minimum for an acceptable life in germany . 
  how did i spin something ? 
  i cited from your link , it says refugees ( fl\u00fcchtlinge ) . 
  i criticized , that you merged two of the groups , which creates a rather positive image of germany towards accepting refugees . 
  if somebody says he wants to accept the same number of refugees , although he was offered the answer `` take more '' , that would mean he said , `` do n't accept more '' . 
  i do n't see a possibility two merge any of the groups , without changing the statement of the survey . 
  interesting , i had a look into the `` asylbewerberleistungsgesetz '' and you seem to be right ;-) . 
  [ here ( # 4 ) ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/asylblg/__1.html ) it says that tolerated foreigners have a right for money . 
  but [ here ( 1 ) # 1 ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/asylblg/__3.html ) it is written , that after it is made sure that you have food , clothing , housing , heating , health and everyday items for a household , you get as a single adult 140 $ per month not 40,90 $ . 
  do you know if the tolerated people whose asylum was not granted get money from the state as the applicants for asylum do ? 
  that amount was equal to the german welfare money ( sozialhilfe , hartz 4 , arbeitslosengeld 2 ) , i 've heard . 
  the last time it was posted people said , that most were in favour of reducing the numbers of refugees accepted in germany . 
  one quick click on your link shows : * mehr fl\u00fcchtlinge aufnehmen ( take more refugees ) 23 % * weniger fl\u00fcchtlinge aufnehmen ( take less refugees ) 38 % * genauso viele fl\u00fcchtlinge aufnehmen wie derzeit ( take same amount as are at the moment ) 34 % most of the people said take less . 
  after your standards the survey shows also that over halv of germans say germany should take care of refugees at the current rate or less . 
  you could have also ask if there is theft or murder in germany and i would have to answer that with `` of course there are cases of [ put here any crime ] '' , as anybody would have for the usa . 
  did i maybe miss an honest interest in your question ? 
  no , i wo n't and a good part of this subreddit seems to misunderstand my post . 
  i am not saying that there are no criminals who act accordingly to `` leaving islam is punishable by death . '', 
  i am saying , that this rule is no rule where i/we live and people who act like it are criminals punishable according to the real law . 
  as i implied before . 
  i wo n't deal with any crazy stuff somebody comes up with . 
  we have our laws , they have to be followed and that is the necessary minimum people have to know . 
  if a spaghetti monster high priest , or the cthulhu pope answers to my post , says that their law applies and i should read their ~ ~ holy ~ ~ texts , than i would tell him the same thing i 'm telling you . 
  i do n't have to deal with some made up fairy tales and i wo n't . 
  follow our laws , if you do n't like them , change them legally . 
  i know that there are no holy texts , but just texts , nothing holy about that . 
  and regardless of what is written in some 500 , 1200 , or 5000 year old books , it does n't apply to us , hence the rules in there are not for us to follow , hence leaving islam is not punishable by death . 
  first of all , it 's the islamists ' law which is silly , not ours . 
  and second , then we should make them care . 
   when/if muslims become a significant minority they could vote for one of their own that 's their good right , we live in democracies and that 's how they work and why they 're good and successful . 
   their vote could lead a western country to regression in terms of policy since most muslims are fairly conservative there are conservatives in western countries now and we 're not constantly in regression . 
  i do n't see that coming . 
  muslims in parliament are welcome to be there . 
  someone willing to take on german/european politics to become a mp will be brainwashed enough to lose his ideals and conscience . 
  of course there are cases of honor killings here . 
  and i was referring to german law . 
  if someone states , that leaving islam is punishable by death , as if it was a law for every human being , i can contradict in the same generalizing fashion . 
  for me and the vast majority of europeans it is not punishable by death . 
  there may be people in this world , who see it differently , but that would n't apply for the general european area . 
  so , here , where i live , according to the laws applied here , leaving islam is not punishable by death . 
  you can can leave it and live happily without it . 
  you are right , but that doens ' t change the fact , that ther are no laws in at least germany , that say leaving islam is punishable by death . 
  so it is not punishable by death . 
  and i do n't want to sound too agressive , but anyone stating something different can go fuck himself , preferably in the fucking country he came from . 
  if they come from germany , they can stay here and fuck themselves . 
  in my country ( germany ) and i hope in europe leaving islam is not punishable by death . 
  do n't you to agree on that ? 
  yes , so , fuck those guys .
