  i like algae . 
  refugees only register when they get off the ship . 
  was his name papadopoulo ? 
  gema did nothing wrong !, 
  the first on is an ad . 
  thank you gema for letting me watch ads on youtube . 
   to specifications set by king gustavus adolphus himself `` do the specs say , that it has to float ? '', 
  `` erm , no , no they do n't . '', 
   is considered part of the south because it 's not in the north ca n't argue with logic . 
  but brace yourself in southern italy , winter is coming . 
  the gods want a large island to be part of eu . 
  so , this is basically your fault !, 
  most of the time they do n't even have a government . 
  and mozart was austrian ... 
  the gif was n't broadcasted live ? 
  and now we pay for both . 
  municipal warming . 
  what 's wrong with calling them boy #alpha -7 - gamma ? 
   the guideline tells teachers to call the students by their names how did they identify them until now ? 
  we should combine our forces of timing and beating . 
  no one could stop musical germania/romany . 
  speaking of being ripped on for the things somebody did in the past ... could / r/europe stop mentioning the war ? 
  pretty pleeeaase ? 
  i mean , it 's nothing compared to what the belgians did in the congo , or brexit . 
  constantinople is the new rome . 
  in the news . 
  if you 're on a budget or plan to expand your business , you could fit an engine exhaust to some kind of sanitary facilities . 
  does n't even need to be airtight . 
  they use generator trailers for electricity . 
  it 'll be a sad day , when using tear gas and water cannons on protesters becomes nothing special . 
  it might be justified in this case , still should be the exemption . 
  here , no blinking would communicate your intention of not changing direction or lane . 
  only if you want to exit a roundabout , you blink right . 
  in german it 's the imperative of paint . 
  if he 's concerned what is financed by the tax payer , they should have a close look at martin sonneborn from die partei , who is voting yes and no alternatingly . 
  german children who never learned the value of a euro , find his absurd behaviour amusing , but considering the costs of a mep , it 's a shame he is n't sitting in jail . 
  now we have the eu to prevent that . 
  but i 'm afraid our youth will transform into some form of / r/worldnews , once there are no more grandparents who can tell about what war is like for civilians . 
  suck on my downvotes , homebrewer !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d01nhpnlrvs#t=21s ), 
  a british village . 
  it 's not that i demand unconditional belief in the new information presented in a discussion . 
  in the contrary , i expect them to be tested , if they contradict other facts , or are too unbelievable , so to say . 
  it 's still supposed to be a discussion , not a two-voiced monologue . 
  but , if you say that  we should definitely hold claims to a higher standard in debates on serious issues and require the inclusion of sources , then it is not possible to discuss these serious issues in the time frame of a real life , or chat-like discussion . 
  i do n't prepare my posts with a research of articles and links . 
  neither do i hoard links , which might be useful in an internet discussion . 
  the necessity to look for and deliver these would disrupt any continuity in thought and response . 
  it would prevent many discussions , which are only possible , because few people who just met by chance on the internet , have the time at hand to talk about important matters . 
  it would restrict these topics that concern many people to blogs and similarly static forms . 
  i do n't spread more disinformation , when i discuss something in person and give a wrong fact . 
  it 's still possible for the other person to be sceptical or doubt it and so it is for every other person standing nearby . 
  in the end , i do n't want to start a discussion about the need or appropriateness for sources in an online discussion , where internet and time between responses might be available , compared to a personal and fast paced discussion . 
  even if i had a file , which i could upload upon being asked for a source , it somehow takes away the fun , the trust , the supposed good intentions in such a discussion . 
  i do have a problem with that , if i get the feeling , that it 's done to hinder/prevent a discussion , which leans to a direction , that the other side does n't support . 
  if nobody doubted the arguments itself for some time , but the significance of them was discussed . 
  then suddenly the other side refuses to continue , until a source is presented , which is convincing under the conditions of the other side . 
  in other words , you can kill off any fecund discussion , by repeatedly demanding sources . 
  i do n't know . 
  those models look so lifeless . 
  took me 20 minutes , but [ safe the link , question 23 , page 36 ] ( https://kleineanfragen.de/bundestag/18/9556-zahlen-in-der-bundesrepublik-deutschland-lebender-fluechtlinge-zum-stand-30-juni-2016 ) , when / r/europe denies these facts again in two weeks and asks for a source for every half sentence . 
  does it include permanent residency ? 
  it could also be `` not liking '' . 
  v4 - germany 's good buddy slovakia = v3, 
  ooh , we really hate those v3 , do n't we , slovakia ? 
  unerected !!, 
  in german you wish that the other guy breaks his neck and leg . 
  no , it 's fine , thanks for asking . 
  they only have six days ? 
  ca n't afford a work free seventh ? 
  of course not , asylum is supposed to be an emergency relief , not a financial jump-start . 
  again , i do n't even see a plus in converting to christianity , but unfortunately our legal system does . 
  if they want to fit in , they should n't change religion , but get rid of it . 
  lol, 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  a person willing to integrate and contribute can only be beneficial , ca n't it ? 
  a person willing to contribute without integrating appears as beneficial in statistics , but can disrupt lifestyle habits , especially , if there are enough to form a subculture , separated from the main culture . 
  but to what i said earlier : i assumed that the driving force for the conversion was to get a document that proves your right to asylum , because now you are persecuted in your home country . 
  if so , they would be equally persecuted by abdicating religion , additionally they 'd fit better into our society , but they would n't have a legal document in their hands to prove it . 
  no , i was n't suggesting anything . 
  i merely mentioned , that our `` christian '' population is n't actually christian , but is just living under the inertia of parental tradition . 
  a foreigner would integrate easier in our society , if he would be at least agnostic . 
  but you do n't get a certificate for that to attach to the asylum proposal . 
  if that 's sufficient for being a christian , you 'd have a hard time finding a single one in germany . 
  is this a common english proverb ? 
  `` to jump out of the frying pan into the fire '', 
  maybe the child was a mixture of both . 
  r\u00e1kosy did nothing wrong . 
  why is that legally possible for spain , but italy was n't allowed to negotiate such a thing with libya ? 
  rock 'n' roll, 
  itt : germans who do n't live in niedersachsen congratulating themselves , that afd got 7.8 % on the first try . 
  responsible voters of germany , if you do n't agree with the afd , this election is no reason to cheer and lean back . 
  well , spineless germans who are nowadays overwhelmed by the full spectrum of democratic parties . 
  but honestly , back then it was just a short modern word for a population that likes/liked usamerican culture , but does n't speak english as much as it wants to . 
  germany , waves of rules . 
  [ it 's not that easy . 
  yeah , but `` ethnisch rein '' sounds too posh . 
  why do n't they just use an artificial english sounding word like `` handy '' , or `` smartsomething '' germans would love them . 
  that 's how everyday life is in delft . 
  i think it might be , because you are bad at football .
