  we are even better than i thought we were . 
  no , they 're not !, 
  do you know if leopard 2 were actually involved in any serious conflict ? 
  the only `` hot spot '' i know where they are sold to is saudi arabia . 
  this would be of course only an export version , but i do n't know if they are fighting enemies on a similar level . 
  because they never fight a real opponent . 
  you would n't call the invasion of afghanistan and iraq a war , would you ? 
  where do you see that it is not a polish m1 abrams ? 
  i thought the 50 % stronk was the western half . 
  not if they increase it by 50 % . 
  but not in bavaria !, 
  you 're lying !, 
  people from morocco speak at least french . 
  people from macedonia are european , their language is european by definition . 
  he did not . 
  nothing says `` i 'd like to smear shit on your face '' like urinating on one 's hair . 
  that 's a polish guy hanging on those things ? 
  unfortunately . 
  ` not radioactive and with a chemical composition resembling that of flour . ', 
  hmm , what could that be ? 
  the last time islamist terrorists used anthrax it was some american idiot and had nothing to to with islamist terrorists . 
  it came up together with irak 's weapons of mass destruction . 
  why ca n't we go back to the still unsolved refugee `` crisis '' ? 
   ethically wrong ooh . 
  that 's bad . 
  let 's ask everybody to behave ethically right , that 'll solve any problem . 
  in other news : saudi arabian jurisdiction renders useless . 
   these are the same people by the way , who did n't want to have wind turbines and high voltage transmission lines `` in front of our gardens '' . 
  i thought this is everybody !, 
  do as we say or gtfo !, 
  what if it 's a moment of silence for hitler ? 
  i do n't have to mourn as you do . 
  keep it to yourself , like your religion or your sexual preferences and so will i. 
  if there is no war , then they tackle something . 
  otherwise it 's not newsworthy . 
  well no , we do n't * need * it per se . 
  but i do n't think it 's like you ca n't spare a bit , is n't it ? 
  btw , how many refugees did you accept lately ? 
  i 'm sure there is room for one or two , what do you think ? 
  martyrs are called `` sehitler '' in trukish ? 
  u kno nussing about ze real hitler !, 
  united arab emiratesland democratic people 's republic of korealand icelandland, 
  did any other european government comment on the situation . 
  is n't a move towards independence backed by eu law ? 
  yeah , the one with the criminals . 
  what does that have to do with this post and his question ? 
  being ranked ` worst in eu ' at learning english ? 
  probably, 
   after reviewing the details of the case , the investigation concluded that there was no cause for concern and it was safe to continue our flying programme to sharm el sheikh . 
  apparently they did n't and the title is bullshit . 
  and not a single shot was fired , although the border guards were not informed to let anybody through . 
  makes me believe in humanity . 
  i do n't care what bush said . 
  but wtf is this france :  the french work an average of 39,6 hours a week compared to 39,2 for the germans . 
  we do have a country for that in the eu , which keeps on begging us to mock it . 
  do n't you dare to turn on us !, 
  you mean czech . 
  sex, 
  no , they 'll be stronger than us !, 
  give us the weak , which depend on us . 
  we pitty-pet them with a pittance and then make them work for us and pay taxes . 
   if many of those `` spins '' point into the same direction , the magnetic force for is big , if not , it 's not . 
  yes , i see . 
  but tell that to rogue-knight . 
  and if you consider an negative exchange coupling in the ising model , then you have a `` magnetic force for is not '' although the magnetism is permanent , only antiferromagnetic . 
  a `` magnetic force for is small '' you could find in a ferrimagnet as gdfe , but it 's also permanent . 
  you mean electromagnets . 
  i think he was asking about permanent magnets . 
  well , you never know . 
  how do you know ? 
  i 'm happy for you !, 
  yes , you should try that at home , it is safe and healthy . 
   the teahouse eventually was closed down after pressure from worried parents [ ... ] , because it did not have a proper license . 
  not anymore . 
  post :  in altena , northrhine-wesphalia , two men are set free after admitting to have burned down a house with refugees . 
  `` anger about refugees '' does not conclude a political crime according to the attorney . 
  i wondered why we would n't incarcerate people who burn down refugees . 
  the surplus is due to negative interest we pay for lending money , which was n't taken into account when the fiscal plan was made . 
  it is n't something we earned or are to keep , it 's purely temporary . 
   i do n't think sarcasm can be funny if you have to tell people it is sarcasm . 
  like an explained joke , it is dead once you do that . 
  correct  as such i do n't think anyone should ever use that . 
  incorrect you do n't tell jokes , because at some pint you had to explain it to someone ? 
  just avoid the idiots of this world , who are unable to communicate on a non-verbal basis . 
  when did merkel something different than she said ? 
  the next country to join the eu is the uk . 
  yes , the emperor needed an empire to rule . 
  but you 're kind of right . 
  bismarck worked for prussia before that . 
  emperor !, 
  this is the best solution for european integration . 
  i did n't say the us were bad . 
  you assumed it , because i compared them to the uae and you think the uae are bad . 
   someone would not have gotten jail time for a speck on their shoe . 
  if the penalties for pot were that severe nobody would smoke . 
  if this were true , than nobody would have had a speck on their shoe in the uae . 
  ever harsher punishment does n't prevent crime . 
  in this thread people bashed islamic countries , because they have different laws than we do . 
  nobody has the moral high ground here . 
  we just chose different laws , at this very moment of history .
