  haha , we win in muslim . 
  for me it 's just one . 
  and what if not true ? 
  that 's true many people , including my grandmother from east prussia , fled from the russians and soldiers tried to be captured by americans . 
  although , you know , crimes still happened . 
  but anyway , what people were talking about was , that under stalin 's reign many people died , a lot of them died on the land of the soviet union . 
  now my question was how many died during the same time by usamerican actions , not necessarily on usa soil . 
  oops , sorry wilna , the ( old ) german name for it . 
  i am not that old , but the source i learned the baltic capitals was and so i remember , that your countries and capitals are in alphabetical order when going north to south . 
  works with vilnius , but not with tallinn . 
  now do the usa . 
  how many died in their wars ? 
  how ? 
  at some point they 'd be gone . 
  lettland, 
  even the capitals : reval , riga , wilnius, 
  i wish i could sit in a biergarten . 
  only until 2018 , after you have to stick with blood and beer . 
  i do n't know a single person who 'd prefer a grexit . 
  are the people living in the separatist controlled region back them , or do they just have the weapons ? 
  is there something as passive resistance ? 
  asylum for everyone !!, 
  yeah , italy !, 
  wtf ? 
  not long ago we liked our churches [ black ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/koeln_rdflug_1.jpg/1280px-koeln_rdflug_1.jpg ) . 
  you do n't want to desecrate your new cathedral . 
  a goat is just fine . 
  wait , there was fox and fox news , fox news is the ass channel and fox broadcasts quality funny tv shows ? 
  people here probably never met a muslim . 
  i went to school with some , were friends with some , hated some . 
  the five of them who consider crimes , which are worth to be called terrorist attacks , are the same shit as the forty non-muslims who do . 
  god would crash his plane in russia . 
  did you choke on your words ? 
  the people of aachen could n't finish their cathedral , so they asked the devil for help . 
  he helped under the condition of getting the first soul entering the cathedral , since it was usually the bishop . 
  when the cathedral was finished they sent in a goat first and the devil got that soul . 
  he was so mad , that he slam the door shut , ripping off his thumb , which is still stuck in the handle . 
  some time later he wanted revenge , went to the north sea and filled a huge sack with sand to bury aachen under it . 
  the sack was really heavy and the devil made a pause , about a good kilometer away from aachen , but he did n't know that . 
  so he asked a woman how far it would be . 
  she recognized his goat feet under his coat and said : `` look at my old , used up shoes , i bought them today at the market of aachen . 
  that 's how far it is . '', 
  devil was pissed , threw his sack on the ground and left . 
  that 's how the lousberg ( small hill ) came into existence and why it consists of sea sand . 
  i am already offended . 
  no problem , we 've got his nobel peace prize ready on his inauguration . 
  yep , that animal looks dutch . 
  duda is quite young . 
  what pension does he get after how many years as a president ? 
  lithuanians are smarter . 
  say it in russian !, 
  0 % - inflation, 
  your hitpoints would pour out , if you 'd shoot a hole near the bottom . 
  kill all [ insert noun here ] !, 
  no way this could be anti-semitic . 
  what moon landings ? 
  wtf poland and czech republic ? 
  you 're supposed to be germany 's lightning rod !, 
  bavarians are too pretty to house a necessary high voltage power line . 
  we need you to try harder in the future . 
  this language is such a peace of shit !, 
  you might think , that this is funny , but he actually forgot to say please . 
  \\ # 9 is the best one !, 
  this is the first article about unemployment i 've read , that does n't present the percentage of unemployed people . 
  it does n't even give enough information to be calculate by the reader . 
  well , if superman comes to an emergency , everyone does as he says and the world is safe . 
  why would varoufakis assume , that people behave differently around him ? 
  also , is n't it about time for his resurrection ? 
  your doing a great job for the integration of foreigners . 
  i think we can safely increase your share of immigrants to the eu . 
  it distributes wealth . 
  in france there is paris and provence , we have at least the capitals of the federal states . 
   the uk car industry is actually one of the biggest in the world you sure ? 
  they could produce a domestic version of the papamobile . 
  under the peterdome is enough room . 
  i know the german names , but i never heard someone using it , except for bragging about his knowledge about history . 
  if i want to know how many milimeters are between my tires and the curb ? 
   take care what you wish for . 
  you may end up with an even worse result . 
  i do n't think it can get more reactionary than this . 
  it was never capital of germany . 
  haha , i want to see the french burning the water at their borders !, 
  well , but i do n't think that they aimed for that one , did they ? 
  it was just another car they torched . 
  [ anyway , it would n't have happened if they were fresh !, 
  well , at least there was something that can be called an uprising ... 
   only east germany blah blah blah then why mark germany as a former member of the warsaw pact ? 
  how can something eternal be revived ? 
  for me rome was never lost to the barbarians from central europe . 
  that would be tilting against wind turbines . 
  how can it be democratic , if you already know the outcome ? 
  you can be her sugardaddy , up to know she only has a sour husband . 
  but why did latvia attack georgia ? 
  only to blame russia ? 
  back then he was mp and treasurer of the cdu ( conservatives ) . 
  the mayor seems utterly cool or financially dependent . 
  why , what do we do ? 
  the venting system is ingenious , but do n't throw bottles out of the window !, 
  you could build a wall around your country with mine fields and spring-guns . 
  we 've made good experience with it , works like a charm .
