  as long as it is no pork . 
  i do n't know in what situations `` allah ahkbar '' is said , but judging from frequency , i always comapred it with `` oh my god ! '', 
  in murican youtube videos , which is equally annoying . 
  when i 'm not on reddit and stroll through the city , i can neither hear one , nor the other . 
  why ? 
  russia is stabilizing the assad regime , which was good enough for syrians before the `` revolution '' . 
  problem solved . 
   articles 2 and 3 of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union that states that everyone has the right to life and physical integrity . 
  as long as it 's only the human rights of the employee which are violated there appears to be no problem and those guys can just continue to steal and harm other citizens . 
  yeah stupid german worker , should 've let them hack him to death . 
  only then we would have known for sure , that those guys are not welcome in germany . 
  if you were ill , would you ask for vaccinations for the healthy , or a treatment for you ? 
   merkel does not get to dictate all of europe . 
  no , that 's what the uk does , or it 'll quit the eu . 
  that 's what the wall is for . 
  to keep the brown walkers and their army of dead out . 
  i liked the music , but i do n't like the idea of a remaining fence after the refugee crisis is over . 
  he 'd have a problem coming from austria , because of our strict border controls . 
  no nazi . 
  unless , of course , he does n't forget to bring his fake passport , then there is nothing we could possibly do . 
  yes , sure . 
  but i think the first think you 'll notice when crossing the border from uk to france is , that you are drowning half-way through the channel . 
  did the former director have any teddybear like properties , or was it the bad kind of former director ? 
  because the dacia is not stolen ? 
  dacias are cars , too !, 
  wow , that 's where your refugees are living ? 
  if only you 'd accept refugees from germany . 
  they cried there , too , every day . 
  crossed the border crying , were indifferent about serbia and wanted to learn how to laugh in hungary . 
  our green multiculti crybabies transformed into upper class cocksuckers . 
  so i guess we 've got that going for us , which is nice . 
  do n't do it !, 
  otherwise the v4 would be morally obliged to help them . 
  that 's because that border is wet . 
  you do n't happen to work in saxony and play skat ? 
  but the literal , non-idiomic translation is vehicular/vehicle and i already used up my transport for transport . 
  apropos fahrt , headwind translates to fahrtwind , pronounced fartwind . 
  very funny , this is german humor !, 
  criticism of pure reason , or something ? 
  if you happen to know something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oledi0lfogm ) i 'd gladly watch it . 
  krankenwagen , it 's a wagon to transport ill people ( kranke ) . 
  officially there is a difference between an ambulance , a rettungswagen ( rtw ) , which is a wagon to save ( retten ) people and a wagon to * just * transport ill people , which is a krankentransportwagen ( ktw ) . 
  usually the notarzt ( emergency doctor ) acts independently of a rtw and is deployed separately if needed . 
  he drives an emergency doctor deployment vehicle ( notarzteinsatzfahrzeug , nef ) . 
  a rtw does n't have an emergency doctor on board . 
  in some federal states they use a model of a rtw with an emergency doctor onboard . 
  this wagon is called an emergency doctor wagon ( notarztwagen , naw ) . 
  edit : a krake is a kraken, 
  no , i just checked , all of our 20m large public putin paintings are still fine . 
  what do you mean , understand , motivation , or agreeing ? 
  hunger strike for all the refugees !!!, 
  maybe their parents emigrated . 
  they also drink a lot . 
  he 's moaning himself to the frontpage . 
  i thought they meant germany and eastern europe , but apparently we are not big and evil enough . 
  maybe it is and everybody is overreacting now . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it has 69 upvotes . 
  we 'd be happy if the us minded this business more . 
  your contribution is n't too constructive either . 
  i agree with you . 
  the outer countries will get in contact with refugees first . 
  they have the work and cost of dealing with them , this should be compensated for by the countries in the middle . 
  we should treat any refugee coming to europe the same , but we ca n't . 
  the eu is not a single , homogenous country . 
  if you support every asylant in the same way , which could be done by supporting them with goods an food stamps , but not money , you 'd still have a difference in recreational areas , public transport , health care or simply climate . 
  maybe these differences are not large enough to cause migration , maybe they are just not now . 
  such differences exist within states as well . 
  i do n't know how countries deal with these issues , or if they are issues simply because of the fact , that it is n't offered as a possibility to chose the city you get to . 
  but in general i agree with you , treat everybody the same , share the costs . 
  make the eu a federal union . 
  there is no backing away from shengen . 
  everything happening at the borders now is possible and in accordance to shengen . 
  germany does n't stop the refugee flow into it , they/we just want no unregistered person . 
  we can get them for other shengen citizens from their countries , but if externals are not registered at the shengen border , then we have to do it at our border . 
  the current situation is unfortunate , because i do n't like it , if some of my freedoms get suspended , because some dipshits wo n't respect our laws . 
  in that sense are those national border controls our `` going out of our way to accommodate people in need '' . 
  the people suffering from that decision are those who took advantage of the freedom of movement in europe and changed their lives accordingly . 
  now they learn that trusting the euopeans ' will to work and live together backfires , because it can be sabotaged by people in `` not that urgent '' - need , that they would n't go out of their way to illegally cross borders to collect welfare and residence permits . 
  when they stayed and blocked the railroad station in budapest , there were a camp for them prepared outside of budapest . 
  but they did n't want to go there , they slept at the station . 
  after hungary stopped a train on a small station , after they boarded the train in budapest and did n't get out again , we got the pictures of the man pulling a woman and a child on the railroad tracks making a scene and others simply started walking toward your borders and not seeking refuge ( as a refugee ) in provided camps of the hungarians . 
  after hungary and austria waved them through , germany and denmark did the same . 
  denmark blocked a highway for them because they walked on it . 
  at least in germany walking on the autobahn is a criminal offense , because you are endangering your and other peoples ' lifes . 
  i think it 's embarrasing for a country to not keep law and order , because you do n't want to look bad on international tv . 
  but what signal does that send to your citizens ? 
  they get a jester 's license and are offered monetary support ? 
  nobody and i * mean * nobody , blames them for wanting a better future and striving for the best posibilities . 
  people are blaming them for coming here and ignoring our laws . 
  one of which is the registration in the first eu country you enter . 
  if you need a place to crash , because your home is fucked , come here , we offer you help . 
  if you ignore that help and try to enforce the better possibility , then you can go fuck yourself . 
  i thought you were looking at germany by mentioning the naivity . 
  hmm ? 
  three photos , two with children . 
  there must be mostly families with children among the refugees . 
  i was n't sure what happened the first time , had two tabs opened , so i pressed it twice . 
  thanks , i did n't know what ctrl + w does . 
  allah 's law is a law .
