until the coalition agreement started appearing in papers , i 'd always assumed that a national minimum wage was something most if not all european countries had . 
  was/is there no rule at all about how much you had to pay people in germany ? 
  was it entirely controlled by market forces , i.e if someone will work for it , you can pay as little as you want ? 
  yeah , i mean gibraltar is clearly different to cuetta , melilla , and the other [ spanish territories in morocco ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/places_of_sovereignty_ ( spain ) ) . 
  no hypocrisy there whatsoever . 
  there 's some really interesting information there , thank you very much . 
  a few things jump out at me about different bits of the data . 
  immigration is becoming an increasingly large issue in the uk mainstream media and political mindset . 
  i 'm genuinely surprised at just how small ( comparatively ) a proportion of asylum seekers arrive in the uk against many other eu states . 
  a large part of the perceived ` problem ' in the uk i suspect is lazy conflation of legal economic migrants , asylum seekers , and illegal immigrants by the media of all political hues , which imho are completely different issues with completely different solutions . 
  given that asylum seekers in the legal sense are i believe required to seek asylum in the first safe haven which they can reach , it makes sense that the uk receives less than other periphery countries where the poor and desperate can more easily get themselves to by sea or land routes . 
  it may also be that the current debate and for a large part negativity towards immigrants in large sections of the uk establishment ( and wider population in many areas ) has made the uk less appealing too , though given the ` first safe haven ' caveat that should n't really matter to an asylum seeker as opposed to an economic migrant who is moving through choice rather than necessity . 
  i 'm surprised at how large a percentage of asylum seekers the eu as a whole receives compared to other regions of the world too , and unsure why that would be the case ; if it 's that we 're seen to be an aspirational and safe place to resettle , that 's great and something to be proud of , but we are n't exactly easy to get to from most troubled parts of the world which begs the question of why the numbers are so high . 
  i do n't think i have an answer to that . 
  well if the eu sided against the uk and gibraltar over this , i think any doubt over the result of a referendum on continued uk membership of the eu would be well and truly over ... 
  just a simple majority on the day ; if only three people bothered to vote and two of them wanted out , several million scots would find themselves with a new passport shortly afterwards !, 
  if they have permanent resident status they can vote , that is exactly what i 'm trying to tell you . 
  the only people who ca n't are those who are n't permanently resident , just living there in the short term for work . 
  do you let short term migrant workers who are living there for six months then going home vote in your national elections where you come from ? 
  your country is in a minority if so . 
  the us and most ( all ? ), 
  european countries do n't . 
  does that make their elections a farce too ? 
  it 's not an exclusion of ` non-british ' , it 's just limited to those permanently resident on the islands ( including i believe a few with joint argentine citizenship ) . 
  there is a large transitory population of workers from chile , st helena and other atlantic territories who work supporting the garrison , a garrison itself ( who are british but ca n't vote ) , russians and asians working in the fishing industry in the falklands eez , and a few transitory workers doing seasonal work on the sheep farms . 
  there are also those below legal voting age . 
  source : i lived there for six months . 
  the new recipe meatballs come with a new marketing slogan : `` try new ikea meatballs , they 're the dog 's bollocks ! '', 
  even the most modern boats are still fitted with and regularly use their electro optics ( periscopes ) . 
  targeting systems have n't actually had a revolutionary change since the second world war , just a lot of incremental improvements . 
  you still principally use passive and active sonar . 
  if a boat wants to use ew , eo , shared targeting or radar it has to be at periscope depth and will have a mast above the surface . 
  you can blind fire a torpedo down a bearing towards an acoustic signature without taking a look , and rely on its own inbuilt guidance to find something , but you wo n't know exactly what it 's going towards unless you 're firing at an isolated ship whose signature you have previously captured . 
  you also wo n't have more than a general idea of the course and speed of the contact , especially if it is manoeuvring . 
  firing a torpedo at a carrier group will probably get you a kill against an escort if anything , and then you 'll be pelted with an effectively endless chain of torpedoes which will kill you in return . 
  when you talk about fuel cell propulsion you 're actually talking about air independent propulsion ( aip ) . 
  it removes many of the disadvantages of diesel electric boats by taking away the requirement to charge batteries by running diesels at periscope depth . 
  but it is n't silent , it makes about the same noise as a diesel boat running on batteries , it can just stay that silent for longer . 
  nuclear boats are n't loud , they 're very quiet , just not quite as quiet as a modern diesel on batteries . 
  a modern nuclear boat is quieter than a ten year old diesel on batteries , and a lot quieter than a diesel on diesels . 
  and it does n't matter how quiet you are in the approach , the minute you prepare to fire a torpedo ( or fire one ) you give away your location , so it 's a suicide attack against a carrier group even if you could get close enough to fire at it . 
  that may be worth it if you could guarantee a capital ship kill , but you probably ca n't ( and good luck selling the crew on the idea ) . 
  heat signatures are a red herring , just like magnetic signatures , they wo n't be detected unless you 're relatively shallow and the enemy knows roughly where to look . 
  that 's more of a diesel/aip disadvantage , as these boats are principally used in the littoral whereas nuclear boats are principally used in open ocean . 
  and you 're flat wrong in saying not all submarines are stealth submarines . 
  one designed not to be stealthy would be visible and noisy . 
  that describes a surface ship . 
  by being underwater they 're inherently stealthy , and if you have a halfway decent designer it will be quiet because otherwise there is n't much point being underwater . 
  stealth is a term that many people think they understand because they see it in the media . 
  an infantryman can be stealthy , he just has to hide behind a rock in camo clothing and keep quiet . 
  it is n't witchcraft , or some sort of binary state . 
  as i said , they 're good boats , but not magical . 
  the only thing they do better than a diesel electric is endurance whilst quiet . 
  whether they do that better than a nuclear boat depends entirely on the relative qualities of the nuclear boat . 
  ... all subs are stealth subs . 
  there would n't be much point in one that was deliberately noisy and visible , it 'd just be a small , comparatively poorly armed ship . 
  there has always and will always be a shifting balance between which is better , a submarine or a sonar set , that 's why sonar fits are regularly updated and modified . 
  it 's exactly the same as stealthy aircraft versus radar , they are n't magical and most decent military radar could still pick them up if tuned and operated correctly . 
  the hard part is telling a small return from background clutter without also tracking every seagull in the sky or fish in the sea at the same time . 
  it 's still perfectly doable with the right equipment and well trained and alert people though , just difficult . 
  the job of detecting a submarine is also made much easier by the manoeuvring tactics used when you know a submarine might be out there . 
  a submarine sitting on the bottom on batteries is very quiet and hard to detect . 
  it 's also no more useful for killing ships than a mine , just millions of times more expensive . 
  if it 's forced to steam at fifteen knots to get into a firing position , then come to the surface for a quick look with an attack scope , it loses most of that advantage . 
  finally , sonar is n't the only way of detecting a submarine , or even necessarily the best way . 
  it 's great that you have confidence in ( your country 's ? ), 
  kit , and they are good boats hence why they export well , but they are n't a magic bullet . 
  well more fool me for thinking you might be older than five . 
  yeah , i 'll give you ireland , the invasion in the 1500s was n't exactly geneva compliant . 
  but then nor were many countries at the time . 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  forcibly relocate the majority of people in northern ireland who have lived there for generations to scotland where their great great great great grandparents hailed from ? 
  if you wo n't allow a referendum on who rules them that appears to be the only option other than the status quo or enforced reunification with ireland . 
  but the majority in the north do n't want that , and the republic does n't want reunification much at the moment either i understand , something about a majority of people in the north not being up for it and not wanting to take on a very poor and socially divided area at a time of economic hardship . 
  in my book though , externally forcing an unwanted regime change on people is every bit as bad as colonialism and rarely ends well ... iraq for example , or the balfour declaration . 
  it 's a facetious reply because you make it sound like a black and white england bad everyone else great issue , which is both foolish and self defeating as it perpetuates the problems . 
  if there were easy and obvious solutions to any of these problems which were created hundreds of years ago they would have been taken long ago . 
  too many divergent interests involved . 
  you never know though , sixty years ago i think the euro and schengen would have been hard sells to the point of impossibility . 
  i 'm constantly surprised by how much more similar european countries are becoming , and how quickly it is happening . 
  i could imagine it happening in my lifetime , but i do n't think it 's achievable in the near future . 
  as a serving naval officer , i can say with some authority that you 're either basing a lot of badly informed conjecture on a very small amount of knowledge , or just trolling . 
  even without the large escort screen that accompanies a carrier specifically to prevent a sub getting close , even without long range land based maritime patrol aircraft doing the same thing , even without friendly submarines doing the same thing , and even without any intelligence sources threat reducing hostile submarines , the carrier will usually still have asw capability on board as part of its own air group . 
  submarine versus solo capital ship , submarine wins . 
  submarine versus asw escort or another submarine , it can go either way ( often the submarine 's if one on one against a surface escort ) . 
  any kind of asw aircraft versus submarine , the submarine will either die or be forced to abort attacks in favour of self preservation . 
  submarines can and do kill carriers in exercises partly because exercises with live submarines are usually tailored to allow them to gain training value from their participation . 
  if the submarine just spent eight hours constantly under attack from a virtually limitless train of ` for exercise ' torpedoes while the carrier just cracked on into the distance pursuing its own tasking , it would be a pointless exercise for the submarine . 
  most exercises also allow platforms to continue playing after being ` killed ' so as to provide training for both platforms , and to allow close range weapon teams a chance to train . 
  they 're dangerous bits of kit , and if used correctly could kill a carrier ( though it would be a suicide attack against a capable battle group ) . 
  certainly if it was a surprise attack and there was no screen and nobody listening to sonar it would be an easy kill ; but you could say the same thing about aircraft , or even a surface escort with a decent gun or heavyweight missile , and a lot of ammunition . 
  but submarines are not the super weapons that you portray them as . 
  if the carrier group is ready for action , which it would be in wartime or on operations against an enemy that posed a credible submarine threat , a submarine captain would have to be very good and very lucky to kill the carrier . 
  it 's a dependent territory , their head of state is queen elizabeth ii . 
  they have self government on most issues , but the uk is responsible for their defence and foreign policy . 
  if going to an eu army prevented the uk from fulfilling its obligations to its dependent citizens and left them defenceless , why would we ever agree to it ? 
  or alternatively , settles an uninhabited island group , does n't kill anyone in the process , then live there peacefully for nearly 250 years barring when a foreign country with a different culture invaded , killed some of the local population , and briefly imposed an unwanted military dictatorship against the wishes of the people who had lived there for generations . 
  but trollsy mctrollington does n't let facts or history get in the way of a good troll , does he ? 
  it 's entirely possible , i 've never denied it ; it 's equally possible that people are rushing to see malice where incompetence fits the bill just as well . 
  well first off , at no point have i offered a view on the ` reputability ' of the lapd .
