  i quite explicitly said in the headline post that i do n't offer a view on the rights and wrongs , and that there were massive and obvious failings in the response to the case . 
  but if you did n't bother to read the headline post , well hell , i doubt you 'll read this either before assuming you know what my views are and putting words in my mouth . 
  what i do n't understand , and am interested in opinions on , is why so many redditors assume unquestioningly that the reason for those failings is guilt and malice on the part of the police . 
  to take your example , is it not at least as believable to think that the lapd fired 60 rounds into a truck driven by two old asian women because they knew a heavily armed cop killer was on the loose , and a combination of inadequate training , fear , panic , and snap judgements in the heat of the moment led to a monumental fuck up which the officers involved in will probably never forgive themselves for ? 
  or is the only possible answer that they thought `` fuck it , lets brass up a passing truck at random because why not '' ? 
  either is possible , but lots of people on reddit only seem willing to admit the latter as a possibility , and i do n't understand why . 
  to follow on to the cause of the fire , you say it ca n't be a tear gas canister ; do you think the police are issued incendiary grenades ? 
  i have listened to part of the youtube police scanner recordings , pretty much the first post on the thread i was looking at comments on suggested that ` burners ' was a slang term for the higher strength one of the two types of cs grenades in use ; sounds plausible to me . 
  plenty of people think dorner had a right to a fair trial rather than for his guilt to be assumed out of hand ( i agree ) , so why are people saying the lapd are guilty of ` murder ' and ` arson ' instead of saying the lapd should be investigated to see if they are guilty of an offence ? 
  there is definitely the possibility that they are guilty , but i certainly have n't seen anything yet that amounts to a ` smoking gun ' , have you ? 
  that 's kind of what i ca n't get my head around . 
  if a majority of people genuinely believe their police are so bad ( as opposed to a majority on here who perhaps actually reflect a tiny minority in real life ) , why in a democracy have they not done something about it ? 
  it 's not like they live in a police state where dissent is crushed , it 's meant to be ` the home of the free ' etc. 
  perhaps so , especially if you 're looking for an export led recovery . 
  just desperately looking for a ray of sunshine in an economy story !, 
  hopefully the markets think the worst of the euro zone crisis has blown through at last . 
  good news !, 
  put like that i think you 're right . 
  i think capitalism will evolve naturally into something else as we tinker around the edges of it , making minor changes and improvements here and there . 
  a bit like many feudal monarchies gradually evolved into constitutional monarchies , representative democracies and in some cases outright republics . 
  but i do n't think opposing capitalism is necessarily the best way of putting it , because the follow on question is always going to be `` in favour of what ? 
  '' , and i do n't think anyone really has the answer yet . 
  without presupposing what he/she meant , i do agree that people are n't all born equal . 
  some are naturally stronger , faster , more gifted at mathematics , better looking , etc etc. 
  they would naturally do better than average in the areas that they have advantage in . 
  likewise some are naturally slow , ugly , may suffer from disabilities or other problems which leave them at a disadvantage compared to the societal average . 
  society can ( and in most western countries does ) help compensate those who are actively disadvantaged from birth such as the disabled , by using social spending to help compensate for their disadvantages . 
  the part a lot of people struggle with , and western society perhaps has n't worked out how to deal with , is whether and how we level the playing field for those naturally better off . 
  it would n't be practical to raise everyone up to the highest possible standard in every respect , so do we drag those who are naturally gifted down to the lowest common denominator , or do we accept that inequality is part of nature and some will always be better off than others ? 
  you can throw inherited wealth into the equation if you like , but unless you impose a 100 % death tax and tell parents that the ca n't leave anything for their children , some people will always inherit more financially than others , the same as some will inherit better genes than others . 
  again , how do we solve this ? 
  should the state give everyone a # 100k lump sum on birth to raise the average up to the highest possible standard ? 
  it could be argued that providing a baseline state education and welfare spending to minimise child poverty , this is already done to an extent , though it certainly does n't level the playing field completely . 
  so should we seek to drag down those who are advantaged by the fact that they have wealthy parents by having the state remove all their parents wealth and prevent it being passed on ? 
  i doubt either extreme solution would work . 
  so do we not come back to the idea that inequality is indeed a fact of , if not nature , then certainly birth ? 
  opposing capitalism is like opposing an old car , but in the absence of a newer , better car . 
  so essentially choosing to walk while the rest of the world drives its old but functional car . 
  except north korea . 
  they 're having a space hopper race against cuba in the opposite direction ... 
  when we 're trying to extract ourselves from the quagmire of afghanistan , laying off tens of thousands of servicemen and women from all three services , and cutting the defence budget again , you ca n't help wondering where cameron thinks these people are coming from . 
  libya , short notice expansion of olympics cover , and now backing the french in mali , albeit on a limited scale for now . 
  we 'll be calling out the boy scouts for rifle drill before long !, 
  yeah , i do n't like the man or many of his policies when his party was in power , but i certainly would n't ever call him incompetent . 
  i think if he had n't had to make a deal with the devil with brown in order to win over the left wing of his party , his ` legacy ' would have been better regarded across the political spectrum . 
  as it stands , being shackled to brown meant a lot of reasonable centrist ideas were essentially vetoed by brown 's treasury dragging its feet over funding them . 
  what they actually proposed to do was introduce a ` british bill of rights ' to replace the human rights act with similar provisions , but bringing hra legislation back into national control so that the mp you vote for can change it to better suit your needs if required . 
  if they propose to change it in ways you do n't like , you vote for someone else . 
  i did n't even vote for them , but christ , do you really think the conservatives or any other mainstream political party in the uk that wanted to be elected to power ever again would remove all human rights protections , bring back big coal fired factory chimneys and send eight year old kids up them ? 
  the utterly blind , childish absolutism of ` i 'll never vote tory because thatcher ' from people not old enough to remember her or ` i 'm not even going to read the labour manifesto because iraq ' is stifling grown up politics , and uk political commentary is starting to resemble that in america with everyone on entrenched partisan lines , refusing to even consider what the other side has to say . 
  edit : to clarify the last line . 
  clean air act 1953 , uk act passed by a conservative government , uk joined the ec in 1973 under a conservative government . 
  good old guardian , the evil tories want to leave the eu and will make the sky fall in ... just do n't ask for factual detail about how or why , that 's not important ... 
  morning !, 
  i have a fairly similar view to you by the sounds of it , though i tend to approach it from a more centre right perspective . 
  i agree that there are plenty of things that the eu is good at , and having that regional level of government can be very useful as there are things which are done better at that level than nationally . 
  i also agree that some of the checks and balances that the eu adds can be useful in stopping domestic government excess , to take a cheeky labour example to offset your tory ones ;-) , all the draconian counter terror legislation and extended periods of detention without trial that they tried to bring in towards the end of their last period in government would have been shot down at the echr if it had made it through parliament unaltered . 
  i just keep coming back to the fact that the net cost of the eu to the uk is [ # 50m per day ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/8911689/eu-costs-britain-50m-a-day-ukip-claims.html ) , which is a lot of money in anyone 's book . 
  that may well be worth it , but i think at the moment it is n't ( or at least nobody has yet made a convincing case for why it is worth it ) . 
  i partly think this because it is paying for things that i think are n't in our interest such as the cap or cfp , partly because a lot of it is wasted needlessly on things such as the caravan of politicians moving back and forth between strasbourg and brussels for identical meetings . 
  i understand that it 's a ` club ' and we all have different interests , and i have no problem with give and take whereby we accept some things that we do n't like but which suit the interests of others in return for getting things we want that some others may not . 
  however i think for us , and for many eu countries , at the moment the eu is taking more than it is giving in this respect . 
  if he can make the eu more cost effective , and stop the empire building that has seen it take on ever more competencies in areas that really , really should be better done at national level , then i 'll be an enthusiastic ` european ' . 
  an example of that would be the working time directive , which i agree helps protect workers rights which is a good thing . 
  however the uk is culturally very different to greece , and we have different preferences for our working patterns . 
  neither is a ` better ' approach than the other , but it should be up to us how long we work . 
  it has no impact on france or germany if we want to set our maximum working hours at six hours longer than theirs . 
  there need to be protections for workers , but it should be up to us to set them , not europe . 
  tl ; dr - pretty much agree with you , despite coming at it from the other side of the political fence i suspect , so perhaps there 's hope for us all yet !, 
  :-) i agree that a lot of the ` the eu is stifling business ' talk turns out to be waffle or at least not quite as ridiculous as it 's made to seem , but there is so much low hanging fruit in terms of institutional reform and needless duplication of effort which the eu refuses to address through institutional inertia that if we 've become this bogged down after forty years , how byzantine will the organisation have become by the time i 'm looking to retire ? 
  it 's a minor point , but no the uk is n't in recession . 
  it 's had one quarter of negative growth , it will only re-enter recession if january-march figures are also negative . 
  still not good news though . 
  i think you 're likely right about the olympic bounce and that in reality it 's probably been zero growth or a very small contraction over the year , however the results are based on data over the last three months , so cameron 's speech wo n't have impacted on it . 
  the markets actually went up very slightly after the speech . 
  the uk has been euroskeptic for a long time though , so i doubt that has influenced the figures . 
  true , but he 's your dick !, 
  i read his speech , he said he wanted to stay in europe and would `` fight heart and soul '' for an in vote . 
  so if you 're saying that you 're english and want to stay , then actually he does speak for you does n't he ? 
  without wishing to be overly glib , if you do n't like capitalism and you do n't like the democratically elected government of the uk , why not move to a non-free market capitalist non-democratic country ? 
  i struggle to think of any countries that reject the free market wholesale since the end of the cold war , other than extremely insular or globally embargoed ones like cuba , burma or n.korea ( all of which have recently announced tentative steps towards opening their markets and/or acknowledging private property ownership by the way ) , but does that perhaps not reflect the relative success of capitalism as the ` least worst ' system mankind has devised to allocate scarce resources to date ? 
  the same as democracy is the ` least bad ' form of government ? 
  and while i agree that capitalism has its flaws , you have misunderstood what it means if you think that it does n't acknowledge finite resource ; that 's the basis of the whole system . 
  if resources were infinite capitalism would collapse as nothing would have intrinsic value . 
  anyway , i 'll let you get back to patronising the other guy that you 're talking to and down voting him for holding a different opinion to you now . 
  sorry to have taken up your time . 
  i think it 's fair to say that there is also a disparity in the direction that the uk and much of the rest of the eu want to go in . 
  if negotiations between all the states can bring about changes and reforms to leave everyone satisfied , then i would certainly vote to stay in . 
  if that is n't possible then personally i would reluctantly vote to leave , on the basis that i think the eu has many benefits for the uk but also many drawbacks , and the direction that the eu is proceeding in to date will emphasise the drawbacks and reduce the benefits over time . 
  hence why i think it 's a good thing that someone has finally forced this conversation . 
  the majority of the eu appears to want to go in a direction that the uk does n't . 
  if negotiations can bring about a situation whereby both the uk and the rest of the eu are happy , then great let 's stay in . 
  it 's not selfish , the uk is n't making demands , the relationship just is n't working for us anymore and does n't show signs of doing so in the future . 
  so rather than throw our toys out of the pram and storm out in a huff , cameron actually seems to be taking the sensible line of trying to make it start to work again , and if it ca n't , to give people the option to leave amicably . 
  and everybody needs a bosom for a pillow !, 
  agreed . 
  i think the problem comes when decisions are made by majority/qualified majority , as the majority of european countries often want one thing and the uk another . 
  quite rightly the majority opinion usually wins the argument , leaving many in the uk thinking they 'd be better forging their own destiny . 
  i guess it comes down to how much weight you attach to the `` wins '' and `` losses '' . 
  if i may be permitted a crude stereotype to illustrate my point , many red top readers for example probably do n't think the `` win '' of freedom of movement in europe is worth the `` loss '' of economic migrants coming to the uk and taking low paid service and manual sector jobs which such people may see as their own .
