  seriously , you are one of the worst type of psychos that can exist , you want to take children away from their parents . 
  you are no better than hitler . 
  maybe because christian schools teach `` love your enemy '' while muslim schools teach '' `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief ] is worse than killing ... '' so yeah ... 
  i would rather say - terrible news . 
  the eu put some meat into the tent , to lure the bear . 
  there wo n't be any statistics because the regime wo n't do them . 
  ask any random citizen if he/she wants it there . 
  guess what will be the answer ? 
  it should n't be rebuilt at all , it is a giant f_uck you towards christianity and other normal people in warsaw . 
  me , and everyone normal , would agree , that placing a 1921 memorial there would be awesome . 
  it 's not bad management . 
  it 's a `` f * ck you '' to all the normal people . 
  not without reason it was built in front of a church . 
  and it 's not art - it 's just a some metal with fake flowers on it . 
  you are the barbarians . 
  it 's you who builds it even altough 90 % people do n't want it . 
  and you 're rebuilding it for our money . 
  yes , i 'm pretty sad about what europe became ;( but the rainbow will burn again . 
  you can be sure about that . 
  you really do believe that bullshit ? 
  i 'm losing faith in my country ... 
  absolutely not . 
  150 years ago , a single man working earned enough money to have his not working wife raising his five children . 
  great expansion of freedom ? 
  i ca n't even buy the medicaments i want without a receipt . 
  is that really freedom ? 
  if i say one bad word about islamists , i am immediately called a `` racist '' and racism is forbidden . 
  political correctivness is the new form of censorship . 
  you are looking only at the decorations . 
  read `` mein kampf '' and compare hitler 's economic plan to todays europe . 
  yes , the market is n't free . 
  you ca n't grow some cabbage and go sell it on the streets without registering it in countless places and paying giant , idiotic taxes that basically ruin you . 
  modern-day , european governments are controlled by psychos , crazy idiots who believe that global warming is caused by humans . 
  `` not to mention that `` ein euro '' is everything that a free market could wa n't '' are you even serious ? 
  the euro is absolutely falling . 
  it 's pretty much dead , actually . 
  the current system we live in is boosting corporations instead of small capitalists . 
  no country that signed the lisbon agreement is independent . 
  `` people live longer , healthier , happier lives '' maybe that 's because technology went a bit forward ? 
  seriously dude ... that 's something obvious . 
  2 . do you know that you pay around 60 % taxes ? 
  i ca n't speak my mind . 
  if i say something bad about islamists - i am xenophobic . 
  if i say something bad about homos , i am homophobic . 
  if i say something bad about africans - i am racist . 
  democracy is a system where two drunk idiots have more to say than a professor . 
  the majority can do everything it wants . 
  democracy is definitely one of the worst systems ever invented . 
  3 . mhm , maybe public healthcare is similar ? 
  maybe ein europa is similar ? 
  maybe ein euro is similar ? 
  maybe socialism is similar ? 
  `` you 'll find that most european countries pre-1900 were far more similar to nazi germany '' no , they were n't . 
  there was capitalism , there was free market , there was freedom . 
  there were many independent countries in europe . 
  yeah , if being islamized is a positive metric , then sure . 
  if having -2 % `` grow '' is a positive metric , then sure , it is way better . 
  if the absolute lack of freedom is a positive metric , then sure , it is waaay better . 
  if living in a country similar to the third reich is a positive metric , then sure , it is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better . 
  yes , yes you are . 
  in the xx century , socialism started growing . 
  a disease started growing . 
  and this disease is here till today . 
  it pretty much ruined europe . 
  those who payed for the pensions will still recieve them , it 's obvious . 
  for us , the new right , contracts are pretty much holy . 
  promoting gender equality is destroying families , that 's why our reproduction rate is so low , and the muslim one so high - because they stick to tradition . 
  working women do not help the economy in any way - they actually make it way worse . 
  i 'm not suppressing women 's right to work , i am a conservative liberal and believe that everyone should be able to do whatever he wants . 
  the thing is - most women do not want to work . 
  they want to stay at home and raise their children . 
  they ca n't do that today because their husbands are being robbed by giant taxes . 
  of course there are other ways . 
  ways like arab countries !, 
  lol yes , i am absolutely opposed to europe being islamized . 
  the thing is : the islamic civilization is way higher above the union one . 
  still , the true european civilization is the one which conquered and ruled the whole world . 
  the true european civilization is the absolutely highest civilization . 
  the problem will really be very bad if we wo n't stop . 
  europe will become an islamic continent within a very short period of time . 
  all we need to do in order to fix the reproduction rate of europeans is just removing the pension system completely + we should absolutely stop destroying natural families by promoting feminism , homosexuality , working women and such . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_socialism that + top 2 parties in the european parliament : european people 's party progressive alliance of socialists and democrats socialist , democratic ... democracy is a part of socialism . 
  seriously , you 've got absolutely no knowledge about politics , hell , even the weird australian guy ( the one who thinks we should pay rapists more money so they stop raping ) seems more educated than you are . 
  democracy is a 100 % socialist system , where the power goes to the people ( i know that from somewhere ... ) what the hell has capitalism and free market to do with wilno and lw\u00f3w being polish ? 
  you need to get your shit together and get at least some knowledge about politics . 
  you say that you are offended with me saying that wilno and lw\u00f3w belongs to poland , then you call me a communist , and finally you say that my answer `` sums up my behavior and ideology '', 
  `` this kind '' what 's wrong with it ? 
  you ca n't prove anything so you just say some bullshit everytime . 
  crimea is n't part of ukraine since 2014 2 . 
  yes , it is . 
  lol haha xd dude , i am the biggest oppositionist of communism and socialism on this sub . 
  i am a 100 % capitalist , free market , right wing , thinking human , who hates the european union because it is socialist . 
  what i wrote are facts and you are just denying them because you `` found it offensive '' seriously ? 
  you should read some history books . 
  is that because i am black jewish muslim latin asian and brown ?!? 
  and a woman !?!, 
  you should be banned you racist !!, 
  i 'm sorry - if they want crimea back , i want lw\u00f3w and wilno back , end of story . 
  `` art like africans '' remind me of any african art .
