  saying `` 6 milion jews would be alive '' is simply offensive . 
  milions of poles died too , auschwitz was actually a camp for the poles , not jews . 
  birkenau was for jews . 
  wealth comes from work , not from donations . 
  hia mejt : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/28/ar2008042802560.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nffq9ckg4k just two examples , 
   demands equal rights for men and women  supports islamists * savannajeff logic *, 
  russia fires a missile at sweden with 140 % hit propability . 
  missed click ok for next turn . 
  poland moves jets and tanks to the eastern border , sweden moves fighter jets to the east ... 
  hehe . 
  being called a retard in a mental hospital ( which is the whole western world these days ) is a very nice compliment . 
  so thanks , 
  both radio maryja and pis are socialists . 
  lech kaczynski was a traitor for signing the treaty of lisbon and demanding to create an european army . 
  but i 'm not racist . 
  islam is racist . 
  haha , i love how you ignore every fact i say , and then when you have n't got any more topic to change you just offend me :d, 
  the islamists in australia are nothing like those in europe . 
  why ? 
  because australia is way further away from the middle east , therefore only the richer ones come to australia . 
  the ones that really want to live like europeans . 
  all the bandits ( read : the usual islamist ) come to europe . 
  i do not make them up at all , there are really many sources about that . 
  there is no difference between islamist and muslim , it is the exact same word , maybe one more offensive than the other , but means exactly the same . 
  this is the kind of main post which i like , i do n't even have to tell you the sources of these statistics because it clearly shows that nobody wants them anymore , not even `` tolerant sweden '' . 
  by `` our '' i meant from our countries . 
  * i guess `` nasze '' does n't exactly mean the same thing as `` our '' . 
  * muslims treat women like their property , but you defend them !, 
  yes , women are way less creative than men , that 's an obvious fact for everyone who 's mind is clear and is n't filled with left-wing propaganda . 
  i mean seriously , even on this subreddit which is about serious stuff , how many women are there ? 
  even you , the one who defends women like crazy , are a man . 
  you think being more intelligent and more creative are the only things that matter , i do n't think so . 
  yes , women are way worse in some areas , but waay better in other, 
  dude , what is wrong with you ? 
  they are raping our women , and you tell us to give them more money instead of kicking them out ? 
  like , seriously , what the f * ck is wrong with you ? 
  they come here , they live from welfare support , they hate the culture , they do not blend in with the other people ( most of them do not even speak the language of the country they live in ) , they want to introduce sharia law , they live in ghettos , most of the rapes in western countries are caused by islamists , altough they are in the definitive minority , most of the prisoners in western europe are islamist . 
  and when you say them to get the f * ck out of here , people like you say `` oh you are racist '' , forgetting what is happening at the same time with christians in their countries . 
  example about the prisons : in 2008 , 50-80 % of french prisoners were muslim , altough they were only 8 % of the population . 
  now these numbers are significantly higher . 
  http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=d46_1388104476 happens everyday . 
  when did jews perform mass executions of innocent people the last time ? 
  during world war ii ... when do muslims perform mass executions , brutal executions , of innocent people ? 
  everyday . 
  did you even see what they do in the western countries ? 
  do you even know what percent of islamists in europe lives from social welfare ? 
  well , i guess i misunderstood you then . 
  got anything to say about what i wrote or again first attack me and then simply ignore my answer ? 
  i do n't really know who sikhs are ( never heard of them lol ) but buddhists are okay , maybe even more than that . 
  none of these religions follow a holy book that says `` but as for those who disbelieve , garments of fire will be cut out for them ; boiling fluid will be poured down on their heads ; whereby that which is in their bellies , and their skins too , will be melted ; and for them are hooked rods of iron '' on almost every page . 
  so , yeah . 
  you are a woman , so you should be the one who hates them the most , but no , political correctivness !, 
  my post from a few days ago :  xkenq  nah , tatars are cool . 
  yeah , they live from benefits . 
  yeah , dream longer . 
  islamists have no place in my country . 
  period . 
  no european army . 
  definitely . 
  well , it would be a pretty good idea to give the eastern ukraine to russia ( where it belongs ) , western ukraine to poland ( where it belongs ) , and central ukraine would be independent . 
  everyone happy . 
  neither do i have a problem with ukrainians coming here . 
  but honestly , in the netherlands , you have far bigger immigrant problems than just the polish ones . 
  nah , tatars are cool . 
  the thing is : the unemployment rate is very high . 
  there is really not much ... umm ... need to replace the poles that emigrated . 
  and yes , i also prefer ukrainians than muslims . 
  hey dracula, 
  well , i would certainly feel safer if some nato forces would be send to our eastern border , just in case . 
  if this escalates , we will have tons of immigrants in poland . 
  maybe some higher taxes for a start ? 
  ok , i 'm back . 
  look at poland 's growth in the 90 's , before we even started preparing to joi n the bandit union . 
  there were lower taxes , people were getting paid more and more incredibly fast . 
  since joining the eu - boom , giant taxes , retarded limits ( environment friendly lightbulb lol ) , debts . 
  life here , at the end of the 90 's , was pretty awesome - each month you would get more and more money . 
  and then when we started preparing to join the eu - stop . 
  do you even know how much money the bandit union wastes for global warming ? 
  must be pretty cool ? 
  it 's really a shame he was n't executed , right ? 
  resocialization , yeah . 
  tell me when i said men are better than women . 
  lol , i even think that overall - women are way better than men . 
  yes , noone should have the right to vote , because the majority can do anything . 
  democracy is totalitarian without any doubt . 
  how do n't they agre with me ? 
  germany had -0.4 and poland 3.9 . 
  gdp . 
  it has n't . 
  the growth rate of poland dramatically fell down after joining the eu , but it 's still higher than in for example germany ( 3 % vs -0.5 % ) . 
  if poland would sign the human rights thing , like germany , it 's growth rate would fall to -0.5 % too . 
  of course europe is a shithole , with 0 % growth ( -1 % in some countries ) . 
  and gigantic debts . 
  and toooooooons of useless immigrants . 
  `` or are you going to cry about being downvoted because you have different opinions ? '', 
  and this sentence is in relation to ... what ? 
  i do n't think i follow . 
  i love how the eu , a shithole , drags other countries into it . 
  it will propably make it into the european parliament this year , 
  that 's slavery , yes .
