  i said that russia is the most european country in europe , that does n't mean that it is fully european . 
  it is actually far from europe , because of socialism . 
  `` hypocrite '' do you even know what this word means ? 
  seriously dude ... you are so brainwashed you do n't even know roman numerals ... ** `` the sad part is that there are actually people who think like you in the world : / '' **, 
  the european culture is practically dead for like 100 years now . 
  of course sweden is not european , there is no doubt about it . 
  the most european country in europe , right now , is poland or russia . 
  still very far from it though . 
  no , a man ca n't wear a dress , it is against christianity . 
  in the xix century , back when the world was normal , and the european culture was ruling the world , this was unacceptable . 
  since leftists started ruling , europe is falling . 
  `` you 're a massive pussy '' aha . 
  christian , brave , capitalist . 
  of course i am serious . 
  i am european . 
  you are anti-european . 
  nah , it 's the end of europe . 
  putin 's idea of europe , civilization-wise , is perfectly healthy . 
  it is how it should be . 
  if i would get to power , i all these lgbt homos would rot in prison . 
  * note : lgbt homos , not normal homos . 
  i know a few homos that try to keep it to themselves , and to not walk on the streets screaming `` hey , we f_ck each other in the ass , praise us ! '' . 
  i have nothing against the normal homo . 
  * edit : -37 score , and none of you presented any argument . 
  who is the fanatic one ? 
  of course this is the end of europe , without any doubt . 
  poles in the uk work their asses off to send money home , they do n't have time for this stuff lol :d, 
  relevant ? 
  if you click `` televoting rank '' poland is first, 
  wait a second ... i never really cared about this whole `` show '' but does that mean that europe chose polish boobs instead of that genderless thing ? 
  yeah , this whole sub is a leftist circlejerk , so i am always at the bottom , because i say the truth . 
  a human is either male or female , this thing is neither male nor female . 
  i hope polish boobs will massacre that ... thing ... from austria . 
  but who knows , with todays europe ... pfft . 
  update : * omg *, 
  * leftist *, 
  is n't that great ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  * backward progress on freedom and prosperity . 
  so you basically denied that we have to fight the `` global warming '' . 
  great !, 
  did you know the thief union wasted almost one billion on it ? 
  about the food prices : they would cost 1/5 of their current price , if there would be no taxes , except for for example 50e/month from every man . 
  https://archive.org/details/balticitsgatessh00milnrich global warming , yes , it does exist , but it is n't caused by humans . 
  i repeat : it 's a natural cycle , it occurs every x years . 
  humanity is not `` big '' enough to have even a slight impact on the temperature . 
  also , even if they would be right , and humanity growing would cause global warming ( of course it is n't true , but hey , it 's just another argument i can insert ... ) nothing bad would happen . 
  poland would be 2 degrees warmer , and that 's it . 
  i want it to be warmer !, 
  no , the melting icebergs would n't do any harm to us , due to the [ archimedes ' principle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archimedes%27_principle ), 
  cool . 
  got anything to say about the baltic sea ? 
  why do you think greenland is called greenland , even though it is covered with snow ? 
  maybe you are going me to tell me that it was warm there because the vikings had fireplaces ? 
  during the polish-swedish war , both armies were marching through the baltic sea , which was completely frozen . 
  there were even pubs there !, 
  limiting co2 and fighting `` global warming '' is absolutely idiotic . 
  global warming is n't caused by humans - it 's a natural cycle . 
  the whole eu is a mistake . 
  normal homos live and let others live , and do not block the streets shouting `` hey we f * ck each other in the asses , we demand attention ! '', 
  did you ever see a march of oral lovers ? 
  not banning cripples from the public . 
  all he said is that noone would want to watch their paraolympics , because they are disgusting . 
  not hating homos . 
  he has nothing against them . 
  only against ... `` faggots '' who publicly demand homo marriage and other bullshit . 
  ahahahahhaah , leftist scared to shit already :d the kontrrevolution is coming !, 
   i should be pissed for seing such articles , attacking normal people . 
  but i 'm not , because this means that even the leftists know there is no more hope for them , normality is coming !, 
  now i am just going to debunk the bullshit they wrote about him in this article : `` he thinks democracy is stupid '' it is stupid , the majority is always stupid . 
  `` he would like to shut down the socialist eu '' yes , because it ruined whole europe `` no rights of vote for women '' does the regular woman care about politics ? 
  is there even one on this sub ? 
  come on , show up !, 
  `` he is in favour of capital punishment '' of course , all the ones that are against it are responsible for what breivik did . 
  `` against civil partnerships '' against government marriage * `` against the presence of the disabled in public life '' yeah , exactly , that 's why he created a non-profit foundation helping in their individual education . 
  right ? 
  `` when tomasz tomczykiewicz ( po ) recently mentioned that korwin-mikke once drank wine straight from the bottle , he claimed , for revenge , that his competitor had raped the waitress . '', 
  is n't that an awesome way of revenge ? 
   the po guy only said that because the leftists can find anything to stop people from voting on korwin anymore . 
  if one socialism does n't work , socialists try to replace it with another socialism , instead of just building a normal system ... 
  in the 50 's people were dying , killed by stalin . 
  in the 60 's , the situation was a little bit better , because they slighty moved away from socialism . 
  still terrible comparing to capitalist germany though . 
  in the 70 's , gierek came and created such a huge debt , the whole countrt worked for years to pay it back . 
  note : todays debt is way higher than the one he created . 
  besides , socialists were still killing people because of proteests . 
  in the 80 's , protests again . 
  and martial law . 
  finally socialism fell . 
  for some time at least . 
  we had almost capitalism for a few years so the growth was amazing , we became an incredible lot richer than before . 
  then we joined the thief union , and ... 1-2 % growth , extremely high taxes , idiotic laws , giant debt ... 
  there are no positive sides of socialism , it is a cancer . 
  in the comments to this , you can clearly see how many commupigs there are here . 
  haha so funny * most *, 
  upvote for every anti-eu post !, 
  funny reading this , if you are not absolutely brainwashed by the eu , realizing that most of it is true ... 
  only the idiots ( pis , tr ) and thieves ( sld , po ) that rule us are pro-eu . 
  thank god , normal parties are finally getting higher and higher support , so there is still hope for saving poland . 
  poland will leave the eu pretty soon , knp will win the next elections , and it 'll be one of the first things we will do .
