  and then if they try it again , get up , get your stuff and leave . 
  you do n't have to sit there for an hour and a half politely listening while some guy steamrollers all over you . 
  you really , really do n't . 
  you can even say `` i do n't want dinner with you '' if you like . 
  you can tell them you already have a boyfriend/fiance/husband if you 'd rather not keep making excuses and it 'll get them off your back . 
  that guy pushing you and pushing you for your number and a date for an hour and a half , on a train where you could n't get away , was flat out rude . 
  there 's no cultural signals that you are missing . 
  he was just rude . 
  getting over someone by getting under someone else is not always the answer . 
  do n't sleep with someone because you think you should because it 's the ` single ' thing to do and you miss your ex . 
  sleep with someone because you * want * to sleep with them and you want to have fun * with them * . 
  because seriously , even though nsa sex is wicked fun , it can also be like a ridiculous hammer to your confidence and self esteem , especially when you try and wheedle some intimacy out of it that is n't really there . 
  if you want to go sex joe neighbour out of his mind , fabulous . 
  do it !, 
  but only do it because * you want it * . 
  and be realistic about what it 's going to be like in the cold light of morning . 
  you 'll get better advice from / r/relationships than us . 
  try reposting there . 
  the kind that comes in the form of tea !, 
  nah , when i drink coffee it 's normally just the instant stuff . 
  i do n't have proper coffee very often at all . 
  try asking in / r/iwantout - they really know their stuff when it comes to visas and studying abroad . 
   the point is you can live your whole life doing something but it is possible to go and do something completely unrelated . 
  at any point in your life , at that . 
  so true . 
  examples : i trained and worked freelance in backstage theatre work for 7 years . 
  now i 'm in the middle of retraining to be a history teacher . 
  my mum is mid-fifties , spent about thirty years in marketing , including running her own company and gaining a masters , and then six years ago quit marketing , retrained and requalified as a social worker . 
  you can change what you do at any stage in your life . 
  wallowing in what you could n't do the first time round does n't change , or help , anything . 
  wwi for sure . 
  my favourite museum to go to when i 'm in london is the [ imperial war museum ] ( http://www.iwm.org.uk ) just so i can wander round their wwi and wwii galleries and look at all the trench warfare stuff . 
  i also love the home front of wwii just because there 's so much of it still left . 
  i love batiste too , fabulous stuff . 
  it 's so handy on days where you just ca n't be arsed to wash and blow dry . 
  ummmm i guess 5 % of men i see and swoon for in my normal day . 
  if i 'm in london it 's more like 25 % since i fall in love half a dozen times on tube trips with gorgeous city men . 
  i 've been listening to more and more classical music lately - it 's the only thing i can have playing when i 'm studying and still be able to concentrate . 
  right now i have choral christmas carols on , because i can . 
  otherwise it 's been the [ skyrim ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_6utmqfr8g ) soundtrack going round and round quite a fair bit on my ipod . 
  i especially love the one linked there , whiterun . 
  so relaxing . 
  i have christmas carols playing on my itunes right now !, 
  love that warm wintery feeling they give you . 
  i listen to so many movie soundtracks . 
  gladiator is the best one to conduct along to in the car , cranked right up loud . 
  how many other relationships has your so been in ? 
  this sounds like inexperience and naivety talking here , that she wants to pretend that she 's your first and only , and that no other women can ever , ever interfere or influence your relationship . 
  which , i totally agree , is bullshit . 
  you just need to keep telling your so , calmly , `` i love you , but that is not a demand i 'm willing to keep to . '', 
  if you two seperate over this ( which you might , if she really ca n't deal with you having a past ) , she 's going to find pretty quickly that very few other men , * especially * as she ages , are going to give in to her demands either . 
  i probably say it because it 's the polite thing to say . 
  i 've never actually stayed friends with any of my exes - not from dislike of them as people , but just because i 'm not massively fussed about putting in the effort for them that a friendship relationship requires . 
  edit : as a disclaimer , all of my relationships have been quite short term , so i expect i have less of a base to build on as a friend than other ladies answering here . 
  either :, 
  a full english breakfast with fried tomato , smoky bacon , hash browns , baked beans , french toast , runny eggs and a massive mug of builders tea to finish it all off . 
  a massive american breakfast with piles of your lovely thick pancakes covered in strawberries , maple syrup poured all over it , a glass of orange juice and thick black coffee . 
  dog showing . 
  i love the atmosphere of shows , the excuse to be surrounded by hundreds of lovely dogs all day , and generally the whole show scene . 
  it 's not exactly strenuous activity , but it 's really really fun , and i like doing something that helps me bond with my dog and getting to talk to loads of people who love the same breed as me . 
  i 'm eating a cadbury 's dairy milk caramel bar . 
  chocolate at ( almost ) elevenses for the win . 
  i do n't understand your answer . 
  you fully admit that the gf is being unreasonable but you want the op to do as she wants anyway ? 
  if she really is as insecure as she sounds , the op being unreasonably rude to exes ( by not even saying hello ) wo n't be the end of it . 
  she 'll just find other things to be insecure about . 
  she 's twenty two years old . 
  she needs to grow up and get past this . 
  yes , * scale back * contact with exes . 
  that 's fine . 
  she 's asking him to completely blank someone if he even sees them in the street . 
  that 's not . 
  you 're right . 
  her emotions are not invalid - what they are is incredibly over the top . 
  the op has already offered a ( good ! ), 
  compromise , which she has rejected , in favour of completely wiping out any sense of a romantic history . 
  i do n't see that as any more helpful than if the op did put his foot down and tell her to grow up . 
   the task is to find out what will make the relationship work , and then decide if you are willing to do that . 
  if not , break up . 
  and i do agree entirely with this . 
  the op has said himself '' i 'm not talking about long or frequent conversations , i 'm talking a brief hey how 's life once in a few months . '', 
  in his first post , and has then said '' these women are not part of my life and never speaking to them again would probably not in any way affect me '' in another comment . 
  i really do n't know where you 're getting flirty texts or over-friendliness from unless you 're just assuming all of it . 
  and i * still * do n't get why you agree the gf is being unreasonable but then saying she 's in the right . 
  if everyone agrees she 's being unreasonable ( which they do !, 
  ) , * she * is the one who needs to change . 
  you have had her cheat on you four times and have ` let it go ' every time . 
  do you * really * think if you do that a fifth time anything will change ? 
  do n't ` let it go ' . 
  let * her * go and go find someone who does n't take the idea of a monogamous relationship as a vague suggestion . 
  one of my best friends is a gay guy , and he 's just an all-round fabulous person . 
  he 's incredibly sweet and generous to all of his friends , talks and dresses like he 's stepped out of the twenties ( seriously , does anyone else have a friend who says ` jolly good ' and actually means it ? 
  ) , and is a wicked smart man who 's really going somewhere with his life . 
  i adore him . 
  apart from having some ... interesting ... dating history , he 's just another guy to me and we have lots of things in common that 's great to gossip over . 
  him being gay is secondary to him being exceptionally cool . 
  i 've met plenty of other incredibly wonderful gay men through his friendship circle and i 'm friends with them , too . 
  it also helped that i went to drama school and then worked in theatre for about four years , of course . 
  nope . 
  you have thousands of other people advertising on spare room websites with available flats .
