  right now i live in essex , england . 
  previously i 've lived for four years in edinburgh , scotland and done several short term stints in london for various work bits . 
  in the future i 'd love to spend a year or two living and studying in oxford , a few years back in edinburgh and then probably live permanently here in east anglia , so suffolk/norfolk/cambridgeshire areas , all in the uk . 
  yes , definitely . 
  i was asked out whilst working abroad by a new coworker whilst dating another coworker . 
  i turned the askee down because i was taken at that time , and have regretted it immensely ever since . 
  the both of us still flirted outrageously which made it even worse , somehow . 
  the guy i was dating was a douche and the guy who asked went and got into a long term relationship that lasted far past our contract ending date . 
  that would be the one thing in my life i would go back and change , if i had a chance . 
  i always recommend edinburgh to everyone . 
  apart from freezing your knockers off in january it 's an amazing city for pretty much everything . 
   with the guy who wanted to leave a note on a sleeping girl 's lap, 
  oh i missed that one !, 
  i did see the one about ` can i hit on you while you 're jogging ? ', 
  though . 
  like , really ? 
  really really ? 
  both the farseer trilogy and tawny man trilogy by robin hobb are told in first person by her main protagonist , fitz chivalry farseer , and are both very , very good . 
  there 's a thread further down the page about them with a few recommendations . 
  asking for help really can be a big pride thing for a lot of people - `` i should be able to do this on my own ! '', 
  kind of mentality - but there is absolutely ** no ** shame in sitting back , looking at what 's going on and saying ` actually , you know what , i ca n't deal with this all by myself . 
  i 've tried , and it 's too much . ', 
  you 're only human , after all . 
  it is absolutely okay to admit that you need a hand . 
  get some hired help in , just for a few weeks , ask the teenager to help out for some pocket money , and give yourself a little bit of breathing space . 
  things are so , so much easier to carry when there are more of you around . 
  ahahaha well we never get the extreme temperatures over here that you lot get in the states , but edinburgh 's got parts of the city exposed to the firth of forth estuary . 
  it just means the wind coming off it in mid-winter is a ) biting and b ) damp , which makes january a bit of a miserable place to be !, 
  but no , we do n't have to worry very much about regular sub-zero temperatures or ridiculous blizzards like you do !, 
  wow , that 's a lot of places !, 
  how come you 've moved around so much ? 
  telecoms salesperson for the family business , also a bartender on the weekends , also a full time distance learning history student . 
  also doing work experience in schools for the teaching qualification i want to do in two years time . 
  sometimes i even get time to sleep . 
  we 're much more used to hearing all sorts of american accents than you are at hearing all the different british or irish accents . 
  they 're not really as unique to us as we seem to be to you . 
  you 'll still get attention as a foreigner , of course , and i should think people will always be interested in talking to you . 
  i always make a point of chatting to americans to ask where they 're from and talk about my travels over there , but i do n't fancy someone * just * because they are american , no . 
  it 's friday and it 's just me and the puppy in the office so i 've gone super-casual . 
  today it 's skinny jeans , a purple crop top underneath my favourite white 3/4 sleeve river island jumper , a tan gilet and a navy blue scarf , all with river island brown ankle boots trimmed with fleece . 
  excuse the dog photobombing my outfit picture . 
  so true . 
  as a bartender/waitress whenever i hear an american accent in my pub i know it 's going to be a good tip night . 
  false . 
  exhibit one : tumblr fawning . 
  i love christmas . 
  it 's all about family and good food for me ( my dad does the most amazing honey roast ham every year ) . 
  i love fairy lights in people 's windows , decorating the house , listening to christmas carols and frank sinatra singing `` have yourself a merry little christmas '' on my ipod . 
  we usually start it off with that great british tradition , the pantomime , and then share mince pies and sherry and twas the night before christmas on christmas eve . 
  we 've tried to keep christmas day much quieter the last few years and it 's really nice just to spend a day with my immediate family and a traditional christmas dinner with turkey , carrots , roast potatoes and all sorts . 
  boxing day is more of an extended family day with extra presents and even more good food . 
  it 's just a really warm , friendly time for me and i always look forward to it . 
  i know lots of people hate it for being over commercialised , but i think since we 've started to try to keep it as a quieter family day it 's become that much more special for me . 
   i 'd imagine talking about faculty encouraging students to prayy in tax funded schools seems pretty crazy to americans . 
  but that 's because you have seperation of church and state . 
  your government is legally not * supposed * to combine taxes and prayer . 
  we do n't have that distinction over here , there is no separation . 
  ironically that seems to make us * less * bothered by it than you are . 
  on the bar work side i do n't get tips other than occasionally patrons offering to buy me a drink . 
  on the waitress side if a table tips it 'll be 10 % and rarely more and at my pub all tips go into one pot to be shared out equally afterwards . 
  i 'm on minimum wage there which is # 6.75 an hour . 
  we have nowhere near the same tipping culture as the us , which is why i said i 'm always pleased to hear a customer has an american accent . 
  you tip restaurants 10 % for good service ( not just for being served ) , 10 % ish for taxi drivers and that 's about it . 
  nowhere else except mayyybe tattoo artists . 
  it does seem inane that an individual ca n't go and live where they want , but what works for individual travellers has to work for the masses too . 
  lots of countries just ca n't support hundreds of thousands of extra grown people having indefinate access to their infrastructure , and that 's what happens on open borders . 
   then realize i am wearing pajama pants and no shoes and am halfway to work . 
  true story , one time i was late to work and threw on the first shoes i could find , a pair of black boots . 
  when i 'd finally sat down at my desk and had a cup of tea i finally realised that not * only * were they two different black boots , but one was calf length and the other was an ankle boot . 
  got * such * a ribbing that day . 
  the kennel club is an org.uk and it 's definitely not non-profit . 
  does n't bother me much - . org is just short for organisation anyway , right ? 
  i was just about to come here and recommend this . 
  lawrence and temeraire are a great duo with loads of growth . 
  an easy read but very moreish !, 
  and liveship traders takes place after the assassins quest series with her ( most famous ? ), 
  protagonist , fitz , so that might be an even better place to start . 
  dragons do n't * really * start to come into it until the end of the aq series , start of liveship , though . 
  yes , definitely . 
  hobb comes up with some really dark stuff for her characters and her books are so intricate that they actually get better with each read through . 
  she has lots of very strong women in too - emotionally and physically . 
  eh , i broke a three or four year sex drought about a month ago and i 'm single . 
  i never had any wear on my self esteem because of lack of * sex * , but i definitely did feel down sometimes because of the lack of romance and companionship associated with sex . 
  not a thing here in the uk either but one of my american friends goes nuts about all things pumpkin about this time of year . 
  all i do with pumpkins are carve a face on one , stick a candle in and then throw it away the next morning . 
  are n't they kinda bland to eat ? 
  actually , i 've never understood the american fascination with involving cinnamon in everything either . 
  autumn and winter seems to turn the whole country cinnamon mad . 
  i live in east anglia ( which is made up of essex , suffolk , norfolk and cambridgeshire ) so i can tell you lots of little bits from around here !, 
  [ lavenham in suffolk ] ( http://www.discoverlavenham.co.uk/ ) is a gorgeous little medieval town with exquisite buildings to wander round , particularly the guildhall which was built in 1530 . 
  it 's the very definition of ` picturesque ' or ` quaint ' , and the swan restaurant has some fabulous food . 
  i 'm also a massive history buff , so my other favourite historical recommendations are [ kentwell hall ] ( http://www.kentwell.co.uk ) , and [ ickworth house ] ( http://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/ickworth/ ) which are both in suffolk , and a day trip to cambridge to have a look around the rather gorgeous university colleges . 
  what dates will you be here ? 
  do n't forget it 's guy fawkes or bonfire night here on the 5th november , so if you get a chance go along to a local bonfire night with fireworks display , since it 's a celebration that 's totally unique to the uk . 
  nope . 
  i used to work backstage in theatres carrying around a whole shedload of heavy sets and lighting equipment all day long . 
  most of it i could manage perfectly well by myself and was left to do so . 
  if i could n't , i just asked someone to help me . 
  no problems . 
  if i was asked by a well-meaning male crewmember or delivery driver if i could manage by myself , i would either say `` yes , i 'm stronger than i look '' , or `` actually , probably not .
