  no fuss , just the best people i know . 
  and a really nice dress . 
  love the teeny little bee , how cute . 
  a molly reference , i 'm guessing ? 
  and is that withywoods in the letter f ? 
  i 'm so excited for these books already !, 
  do you have any rough idea of itinerary at all yet ? 
  do you know if you 'll mostly be in england , or if there will be some wales/scotland/n . 
  ireland days thrown in there ? 
  for my part , i 'd always recommend a trip to edinburgh , mostly because it 's a stunning city with a lot to do and see , and i 'm totally biased when it comes to the burgh . 
  it mixes urban culture ( busy capital city ) with nature ( mountain in the middle of it ) with history ( a couple of thousand years old ) , and throws in a hefty dollop of great food places in the mix . 
  definitely go see edinburgh if you can . 
  oh , and when you say underage sister , do you mean under 18 or under 21 ? 
  she 'll be able to have wine in restaurants with you either way , but our legal drinking age here is 18 , so she might be able to get a round or two in . 
  i 'd roll my eyes . 
  i like being single . 
  just because i 'm a cool person does n't automatically mean a boyfriend springs into being on my arm . 
  also , the underlying meaning of that question is actually `` what 's wrong with you that you ca n't get a boyfriend ? '', 
  and that 's just mean . 
  i think i 'm actually less snarky on reddit than i am in real life , as i know my usual dry humour does n't carry very well on the internets . 
  seriously , mate . 
  `` hey gorgeous , why is it a beautiful girl like you is single ? '', 
  is something that 's been said to me a hundred times by drunk guys at a bar . 
  it makes no difference who says it to me , when , or why , it 's * still * an eyeroll worthy question . 
  it still implies there 's something wrong with me , and it 's still a douchey question . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  the ` why not ? ', 
  bit * actually * means ` what are n't i seeing here that scares potential partners away ? ' . 
  and how can you answer that , really , without giving yourself a massive insecurity complex about what is * actually * wrong with you , even if there is absolutely nothing wrong at all . 
  it 's never a nice question to be asked . 
  no idea . 
  because some women are cheapskates , or think they need to act in a certain way from the 1950s ? 
  anyway , your question seems to be totally biased in an adorable trp way , so i 'm going to just say that i always offer to pay my half . 
  and i go on loads of dates . 
  also , i 'm not in nyc . 
  some age like wine - or champagne if you want to make the analogy more accurate . 
  some , however , age like bread - the freshness goes far too soon , and they end up stiff and slightly green at the edges . 
  also , just putting it out there , but maybe it 's as you get older that you notice more of the women who are looking at you , as opposed to when you were much younger and totally self absorbed in the way of finnicky teenagers . 
  ( seriously , does anyone else think teenage boys are the most self absorbed people on the planet ? 
  i volunteer in a school and they are just so totally unaware of the world around them . 
  it 's astounding . ), 
  dove spray deodorant - i think it 's the aloe vera one i 've got right now . 
  i quite like it . 
  a lot of deodorants ( like sure ) make me really itchy , but i find dove and any other mineral ones do n't have so much of a problem . 
  in march i hit a * massive * academic i-don ` t-give-a-crap phase , and as i do part time distance learning i did n't really have anyone but myself to help get out of it . 
  i honestly could n't do anything but spend small amounts of time ( 15 minutes or so ) just forcing myself to do the work . 
  i gave myself lots of breaks and occasional nights off so it was n't all nose to the grindstone . 
  eventually i found something interesting and got my groove back , but oh my god it was * such * a slog for a good few weeks . 
  i 'd love the occasional treat , like a pretty dress or something , but only * really * occasionally and not on any kind of regular basis . 
  i 'm picky about what i like , especially with necklines . 
  no , he did n't physically cheat on you , but he might as well have . 
  honestly , justifying what he did with the caveat of ` but he did n't actually * touch * anyone ' is doing yourself a disservice . 
  you deserve better than that . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing . 
  he knew what he was doing when he messaged your friend . 
  he knew what he was doing when he asked for other names . 
  can i ask , how did you find out ? 
  did he tell you , or did you find the messages yourself ? 
  i 'm suspecting you found them , and he actually had zero intention of telling you what he did . 
  if he truly , * truly * regretted it , he would have confessed to you . 
  and my bet is once the heat cools off of this , he * will * do it again . 
  absolutely seconding 500 days of summer . 
  i love it * because * it subverts the romantic movie cliche so neatly . 
  the split screen scene where tom visits summer 's party is just perfect . 
  eternally perfect makeup . 
  have a massive action fight a la black widow ? 
  perfect makeup . 
  caught in the rain ? 
  perfect makeup . 
  sexy times ? 
  perfectly * smudged * makeup . 
  waking up in the morning after sexy times ? 
  perfect makeup , perfect hair . 
  i actually make a point of looking out for the female character 's waking up scenes now to see * just * how immaculate their eyeliner and foundation stays ` overnight ' . 
  you * have * to ignore it , i 'm afraid . 
  she 's perfectly legal , she can date whoever she wants . 
  it 's not fair for you to give one rule to one sibling ( other sister can date older ) and not apply it to her . 
  it does n't matter what her personality is like - she 's clearly not bad at choosing boyfriends if she went out with a guy for three years who your mum actually liked . 
  cross your fingers it 's a rebound , but otherwise just keep your nose out . 
  as long as he 's not abusing her or taking her money , it 's not actually any of your business . 
  you 're her brother , not her dad . 
  let her do what she likes . 
  you 're not a bad friend . 
  you 're there for her and trying to help her out . 
  however , things like this, 
   i got irritated and told her she let him abuse her and walk over her , and that 's why she needed to block him . 
  i also asked why she did n't call the police when he showed up and she said she would never call the police on him unless she was scared . 
  she then thought i was attacking her so i dropped it . 
  wo n't help your case . 
  she 's got a boyfriend who is verbally abusing her to the point of stalking her , she goes to a friend for support , and the friend says `` well it 's * your * fault . 
  you should do more to stop him . '', 
  how would you feel in that scenario , really ? 
  you are absolutely right , she * should * have called the police and blocked his number , but she 's a victim here . 
  he is emotionally abusive . 
  if he 's told her that he 's the only one that can ever love her ( likely ) , then she 's still going to be holding on to him as much as she can . 
  there are people in here far more experienced with abuse scenarios , but i can tell you that it is absolutely textbook that victims go back to their abusers over , and over , and over again . 
  if i recall right , it takes an average of seven attempts for victims to finally and permanently leave . 
  you need to support her and give her the tools for professional help so that she can make that final , permanent break . 
  please do n't tell her this is her fault - it 's not . 
  it 's his .
