  31 and just in my last few weeks of teacher training . 
  from september i 'll be a fully paid up history teacher . 
  read all the books ( mostly enjoyed them ) , have never watched the show and do n't really intend to . 
  personally , i think other authors do fantasy better . 
  are you just doing the pgce for the science bursary or do you actually want to teach ? 
  because as a current history pgce student who is three long weeks away from finishing a really hard year , it makes me really * really * cross to see science and maths people just do this year for the money . 
  if you would prefer to do a graduate scheme to another industry , do a graduate scheme instead . 
  if you want to teach , edge hill has a very respected course and will get you where you want to go . 
  edit : just realised you 're undergrad , not postgraduate . 
  you 're better off doing a straightforward physics degree . 
  it will open more doors to you after graduation than an education degree , which is obviously pointing you in one direction . 
  this is why it bothers you :, 
   i honestly feel inadequate about myself because i know i have no sexual past or prowess . 
  i have no history of knowing how to please women . 
  she kept saying she does n't mind all that , but i know facts are facts . 
  if i 've never had sex before , i suck at it . 
  look , einstein did n't start out a genius . 
  usain bolt did n't start out as the fastest man on earth . 
  judi dench did n't start out with a bunch of awards and a damehood . 
  everyone who ends up great needs a * coach * and needs to * practice * . 
  get your practice in !, 
  you 're insecure because you presumably think you have no idea how to please your girlfriend because you 've never done this before . 
  so practice !, 
  ask her what she likes . 
  ask her whether something feels good . 
  ask her if she would like you to go a little faster , a little slower , a bit rougher , a bit more gentle . 
  does she like more oral ? 
  more manual stimulation ? 
  more piv ? 
  ask these things !, 
  and practice !, 
  you 'll become * the expert * at making sex amazing for your girlfriend , and then who cares who she 's had before ? 
  she certainly wo n't , because * youre * the one taking the time to really get to know her , and what she likes and how to really get her off . 
  it 'll help your confidence , because you 're learning as you go , and it 'll make life amazing for your girlfriend . 
  do n't even worry about those other people . 
  focus on * her * . 
  look confused , check to see whether it 's a flyer for a new bungee jumping event and ignore it . 
  i 'll be teaching a lot of cold war and ussr from september , so all of my books on the go at the moment are looking pretty damn communist !, 
  i 'm really enjoying orlando figes ' * revolutionary russia 1891-1991 * ' right now , though he does take a lot of time to get going . 
  i 'm on page 180-something and we 're still in the 1920s !, 
  next on the list is either anna applebaum 's * iron curtain * , or continuing to work through tony judt 's * postwar * for a better long term overview . 
  it sounds like your friendship with group a is conditional on you sticking to what they agree with , and group b is * unconditional * friendship . 
  i would go with the longer term group who are more likely to have your back . 
  i understand your desire for the other playmates to be around , but your daughter is n't quite 2 . 
  she 's got lots of time to make all sorts of different friends through playgroups and school . 
  it 's much harder for us as adults to bond with our peers and make lasting friendships . 
  i 'd stick with the ones who do n't sound like they 'd be ready to dump you at the drop of a hat and inflict that on your daughter . 
  movie !, 
  i love the marvel cinematic universe most of all . 
  even with the possibility of getting thanos-ed further down the line , i 'd rather have all my modern mod cons than getting dragoned and live viking-fashion in skyrim . 
  tim tebow . 
  i 'm english , and i only know his name because i heard he kneels down a lot . 
  i have zero interest in american football , but i picture your generic tall american white guy with massive shoulders and a square jaw . 
  oh , and massi . 
  is it massi ? 
  the footballer guy . 
  i figure that 's a spanish name , but i have no other idea what he looks like . 
  andy murray is the skinnier , younger one . 
  novak looks like he dyes his hair * way * too dark . 
  i 'm sitting watching * the mask you live in * on netflix at the moment , which is all about modern masculinity , and it 's * so * powerful . 
  hugely recommended . 
  * the birth of sake * is practically an art film . 
  it follows the creation of sake by a traditional japanese brewery , and it 's just absolutely gorgeous to watch . 
  you keep saying ` my ' children . 
  is she not the biological mother ? 
  because they need to be * our * children and you need to be working together to make * joint * decisions about their behaviour . 
  my favourite kind of request, 
  okay , so , i have several that i think have n't been thrown out there yet . 
  speranza is an amazing author , and the 4 minute window series is character-perfect , super angsty and tugs your heart in so many wonderful stucky ways . 
  the way she writes the chemistry and relationship between them is my absolute favourite . 
  really , i 'd recommend absolutely anything by speranza !, 
  * no song unsung , no wine untasted * is not the most in your face stucky , but i love it . 
  it 's very gen , and it 's about bucky reconnecting ( badly ) in steve 's apartment with a hydra commander who used to be in charge of him . 
  incredibly black humour , but i love how confused and possessive steve gets , and it feels really plausible to me . 
  i really want to recommend you * through smoke , solid ground * by lazulisong because i love it , and her first chapter made me squirm so uncomfortably in empathy with bucky . 
  it is present tense second person though , so i know it may not work for you . 
  i 'd really urge you just to read that first chapter though and give it a go . 
  * hold me til i crumble * is sublime . 
  you really do n't even get steve and bucky in the same room until very late on , but the buildup and the invisible presence of bucky the whole way through is just wonderful . 
  and finally , if you like a sprinkling of angst , read absolutely anything by oddityboddity !, 
  she is the master of yanking those tears out of you . 
  i particularly enjoy the little gem of * rich man , poor man , beggar man , thief * . 
  linkao3 ( 3130037 ), 
  linkao3 ( 3279161 ), 
  linkao3 ( 3117743 ), 
  linkao3 ( 3520175 ), 
  linkao3 ( 3267479 ), 
  if you like black humour , you 'd probably love this * anyway , here 's wonderwall * by kiarasayra . 
  linkao3 ( 2105346 ) . 
  it 's bucky on his own without any other avengers , but it 's pin perfect . 
  i 'm less than three weeks away from finishing a history pgce in secondary and much prefer it . 
  i like teenagers and all the stupid/creative stuff they come up with . 
  i like working with my specialism every day and really getting to enjoy my subject . 
  my primary friends love it because they 're doing a wide variety of subjects , and they like that age group . 
  honestly , it 's completely personal to you . 
  you have to go with the age group that you prefer , and think about why you 're going into teaching . 
  i would say do more experience in both if you really ca n't decide . 
  maths specialism gets you the extra bursary for both secondary and primary . 
  that 's really unfair to teenagers as a whole . 
  yes , there are problem schools where you do genuinely have to worry about what you 're faced with in the classroom .
