  i need to remember that ! '', 
  then , well , you 've kind of missed the point of it . 
  for me , sex is all about feeling and doing . 
  it 's both going for a really exhilarating workout and sliding into a long , hot bath at the end of the day . 
  the first time you do have sex , just enjoy it !, 
  go with it , and do n't overthink it . 
  if you both enjoy it and have fun with it , well , then you 've just had good sex . 
  from the second and third time onwards you can add in more tidbits that you 've read about and try different things . 
  but honestly , stop revising it . 
  boning up on boning wo n't really do anything . 
  you have to go practice . 
  hot ( slightly gooey ) chocolate fudge brownie , with a hefty dollop of ice cream that goes melty all over the top . 
  that or ben & jerrys cookie dough ice cream . 
  the most enormous tub of it . 
  all for me . 
   i 'm a breather , but seriously , myrrh is traditional and a classic . 
  it says `` i respect the past , know i 'm unpleasant , and would treat you like ancient royalty . '', 
  this is gold dust . 
  or , okay , myrrh dust if you 're into the whole pharaoh thing . 
  i do n't know , i mean - i 've got a dog , and i think that might be a dealbreaker . 
  i 'm not sure any potential undead boyfriend would be able to cope with getting up in the morning to find his shin bone in the puppies bed or something . 
  it 's happened before and , you know , it has n't gone down well . 
  the dog , on the other hand , * loved * him . 
  i 'm 28 and started going to adult gym sessions almost two years ago . 
  i 've even done an informal adult gymnastics competition once and plan to train for a second this year . 
  other friends of mine who go are in their thirties and forties , and two ladies at the comp were in their fifties and sixties ( ! ), 
  so you 're definitely not too old . 
  just take it careful , do n't skimp on the warm up and have fun !, 
  wellll i 'm going to be applying to retrain as a secondary school history teacher , so that i guess !, 
  so your definition of needy is ... giving her a cuddle in the morning ? 
  seriously , relax . 
  oh , and drop the ` beta ' crap , we 're not wolves in some arctic pack somewhere . 
  in time . 
  it could have been so cool , and it just ended up in this far too ` deep and meaningful without actually saying anything ' kind of place . 
  why the detour into lets-save-the-world sentimental stuff at the end ? 
  it started off really well and went somewhere sappy and boggy . 
  total let down . 
  essex schools will vary quite widely - south essex is closer to london , so you 'll have a higher number of students with english as a second language or from multicultural backgrounds . 
  i live and work in north essex and we have a few more rural schools and some really really excellent ones that are regularly very high up on the league tables . 
  north essex ( closer to the suffolk border ) is much more countryside , but the whole county has good transport links to london . 
  surrey will probably be the more expensive county out of the three to live in , especially for housing . 
  a really good teaching resource is www.tes.co.uk - it 's got discussion forums and loads of advice on there , plus lesson resources to help you out . 
  this whole paragraph contains multiple reasons why any healthy couple would split up and never talk to each other again :, 
   daniel and i argue and break up constantly . 
  we do not communicate very well - things get left unsaid , questions go unasked and opinions are n't voiced - due to fear of upsetting the other person or being ridiculed . 
  this is compounded by the fact that we are both very stubborn and easily offended . 
  also daniel is very spiteful and i have anger that i can not control . 
  sometimes our fights become violent . 
  on holiday , daniel spat in my face during an argument and i responded by blacking his eye . 
  recently , we had a particularly violent argument which meant that our parents had to intervene and stop us from living together ( daniel had been living at my house for 3/4 months on and off ) . 
  we were both left very bruised , physically and emotionally , but daniel was back in bed with me a few days later . 
  in summary you 've got arguments , constant splits and reunions ( not healthy ) , lack of communication , lack of trust on both sides , emotional abuse , violent arguments that require outside interference and end up with physical bruising . 
  then later on , even after you say things have got better , you have jealousy , co-dependence ( him begging to see you ) and even more physical violence . 
  this is not healthy , for either of you . 
  it 's not something that is about clashing egos , it 's about multiple levels of abuse from both sides . 
  you really need to talk to someone professionally about all of this . 
  course not . 
  i 'm 28 . 
  life expectancy is somewhere around the 80s/90s now , right ? 
  i highly * highly * doubt that i 'm going to go the next 60 years without finding a single man who is interested in me . 
  similarly , what 's the rush to find an so ? 
  even if i found the guy i wanted to marry tomorrow , i 'd still get to spend the next fifty or sixty years with him . 
  that 's a hell of a long time !, 
  edit : thank you for the gilding !, 
  best job i ever got was through networking . 
  i trained as a stage lighting technician in edinburgh and we were encouraged to pick up work outside drama school because it would help us make all important contacts . 
  that in mind , i volunteered to work for a university drama production one year , and had a blast . 
  it was a really good show and i made sure i got along with everyone working on it . 
  one night we ( the tech crew ) were all in the pub , and the sound guy next to me , dave , was showing the plans for , and talking about , the new venue being built for the first time that year on the edinburgh fringe . 
  it looked absolutely fabulous and i said so . 
  me : that looks amazing !, 
  who do i talk to about working on it this year ? 
  dave : that would be me . 
  me : great . 
  can i have a job ? 
  dave : sure . 
  call me nearer the time . 
  result = six years regular technical work for the coolest upside down purple cow venue on the edinburgh festival fringe . 
  moral of the story - get along with everyone you work with , even if it 's only temporary , and ask the important questions at the right time !, 
  hahaha thanks !, 
  you 've just got to put things in perspective is all . 
  and what truth would that be , exactly ? 
  the overhyped one about popping out kids by 35 ? 
  something original ? 
  yes i see it get mentioned here every so often , but not often enough to really stick . 
  she has talking dragons as part of the british navy . 
  in the napoleonic wars . 
  and it * works * . 
  it 's an easy read , but i love it . 
  another series i do n't see mentioned often enough is karen miller 's * innocent mage * series , especially * a blight of mages * , which is a prequel to * innocent mage * and * awakened mage * . 
  it 's actually probably better to read the prequel last , in all honesty . 
  it 's a simple enough premise - a society of magic wielding nobles and a society of magicless peasants , but in that you 've got society politics , good vs evil , moral dilemmas , a love story and some really lovely mythology going on . 
  it 's never going to be asoiaf , but it 's an easy , absorbing read with characters you really like hearing about and a great world to boot . 
  something totally different : ** loki ** by mike vasich . 
  yes , it 's a re-telling of norse mythology , but it 's a wonderfully , beautifully done story of the events of the norse gods as seen from loki 's eyes . 
  from his height as the trickster god to his downfall until ragnarok , this book has stayed with me and stayed with me ever since i 've read it . 
  you really * feel * for loki and his betrayal by odin , and vasich has done wonderful things with the retelling . 
  absolutely pick it up , it 's one that wo n't leave you any time soon . 
  i * love * tom holt 's sense of humour . 
  i remember getting * djinn rummy * out from the library a few years back and laughing myself stupid .
