  i understand the desire to protect yourself , and the need for guns in rural areas makes total sense but it 's everyone * else * around you in busy public areas that you 've got to deal with . 
  i do n't feel like individualism works when you 're in a crowded public space , potentially fifty percent of the people around you have got loaded weapons and you have * no * idea what they 're going to do with them , or how they 're going to handle them . 
  i get angry enough at people driving like idiots in their cars every day or not watching where they 're going . 
  the thought that those same total blockheads could have a lethal firearm under their jacket does n't reassure me in the slightest - and in the same vein , if i had a knife or taser or gun on me , * they * have no idea how * i * might react in a situation either . 
  i 'd much prefer that we 're all disarmed equally . 
  see , we have stanley knives in the office to open packages with , but not as personal affects . 
  well - not usually , anyway . 
  i used to be a theatre technician and people carried gerbers and leathermans on them constantly to fix lights or stage equipment , which i guess is the same thing , but you ca n't technically have them on you unless you 're on your way to or from work . 
   although one time i was at a restaurant , just eating a salad and then all of a sudden i see a dude whip out a gun and point it at some dude 's head he was arguing with at the bar . 
  that was scary . 
  scary ?? 
  that 's downright terrifying !, 
  how is that just a normal thing that happens ? 
  that 's what i 'm talking about !, 
  and maybe if they 'd gone out there with a handmade suicide bomb vest they both could have killed fifty people instead of one poor soldier . 
  ` what if ' does n't fix anything , and as much as some member of the london public could have had a gun , * they * could have had a bunch of guns , too . 
  giving the public guns does n't solve anything , it just makes the whole thing worse . 
  yup !, 
  let 's allow the whole chavvy lot of jaywick to have access to guns , that 's going to make things * so * much better when they 're down the pub and spoiling for a fight . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm not in the police , so i do n't know how these things work , but i * very * rarely hear about gun crime of any kind - and if i do , the gun is usually fake , or ancient . 
  the [ office for national statistics ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/crime-stats/crime-statistics/year-ending-december-2014/crime-in-england-and-wales--year-ending-december-2014.html#tab-offences-involving-firearms ) says that there were almost 5,000 gun offences last year , which includes guns being fired , used as a blunt instrument or as a threat , and each year the number of offences has been going down . 
  in comparison , there were 26,000 offences using knives in the same year . 
  i 'm not a statistician , but that tells me that guns are hard to obtain and rarely used by criminals . 
  i would * rather * that that number kept going down , yes , and i would rather that the only other people on our streets who were armed were the police , and not members of the public . 
  i do n't think the public is effective in a violent situation , and i do n't think we could realistically be any more help than a trained police officer on the scene . 
  spas and spa days !, 
  a couple of years ago i went to center parcs with a group of friends which has an * amazing * spa complex called world of spa , and we booked an evening there ; four girls , three guys . 
  the guys * really * were n't sure about it when we first went in , and were all nervous about what to do , but by the end of the three hours , us girls were the ones dragging them out !, 
  i 've never seen three men more relaxed by saunas and steam rooms . 
  they loved it !, 
  oh definitely agree - it 's really a cultural thing , and as much as i love the us its one thing i am never , ever going to be able to get my head around . 
  i imagine it 's very much the same for you , looking at us . 
  oh no , it 's an organised event in a field with loads of people selling stuff , not just on your own . 
  harry potter and marvel movies !, 
  oh , and british history . 
  i 'm pretty good on the history trivial pursuit wedge . 
  i get irrationally really annoyed when people do n't know astrology answers !, 
  like , is n't this something that * everyone * has at least a vague idea about ? 
  i 've got one !, 
  the ` sporting ' group of dog breeds in the usa is known by what name in the uk ? 
  i 'd start with iron man - rdj is the original and the best !, 
  personally i 've never watched incredible hulk , and they recast him anyway from ed norton to mark ruffalo , so you could skip that if you wanted , but otherwise just go on release order . 
  everything 's very straightforward through phase one up until avengers , and then you can start mixing in agents of shield if you wanted . 
  agent carter and daredevil do n't yet affect anything in the cinema universe and can be extra bonuses . 
  okay , but it 's not like even partial disarmaments of big countries are impossible . 
  australia had access to guns since their country was founded , too . 
  they brought in control measures only twenty years ago and their gun crime rate dropped pretty drastically . 
  it can be done , if americans wanted it . 
  the difference seems to be ( from my european point of view ) that every time there is a horrible , awful gun massacre ( like that primary school ) there is lots and lots and * lots * of talk about what can be done , and then nothing * ever * changes , apart from maybe even more access to guns . 
  it never gets more controlled , only ever more open , and that seems completely bizarre to me . 
  why ? 
  why is it better ? 
  law abiding citizens sounds like a good sentence , but the general public is not rational in the face of an emergency . 
  i would much rather that groups of irrational , panicking people do not have lethal weapons available at their sides to fire off willy nilly . 
  surely limited access to guns for everyone also means that it 's more difficult and more expensive for criminals to obtain ? 
  everything has its price , and it 's going to cost you more when it 's harder to get hold of . 
  plus , would n't any gun crime get even more exposure to the police because it 's more of a rare and unusual occurance ? 
  adding on linkedin is fine - i 've had a couple of customers and suppliers add me on there , even though i never use it . 
  adding on facebook is a big big no no and i 'll delete any requests straight away . 
  bourbons , chocolate hobnobs , or those heavenly little thin shortbread biscuits with raisins in that are the * best * for tea dunking . 
  he wo n't * allow * you to wear them ? 
  what , does everything in your wardrobe have to pass muster ? 
  you want to wear workout trousers , you wear workout trousers . 
  you 're a grown woman , are n't you ? 
  international news : [ wreckage may have been found ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/30/mh370-aircraft-debris-in-la-reunion-almost-certainly-from-a-boeing-777 ) from the missing mh370 plane . 
  ( my ) national news : a museum in london said it would open as a celebration of london women and actually opened a [ jack the ripper museum ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/culture/2015/jul/29/museum-billed-as-celebration-of-london-women-opens-as-jack-the-ripper-exhibit ) . 
  movies : the [ marvel cinematic universe ] ( https://i.imgur.com/re5pp4i.png ) caters to the big and small heroes !, 
  also , [ this trailer for ant-man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uppx7e27bc8 ) is ridiculous and brilliant and you should go see it . 
  aw yeah !, 
  i just really , really , * really * want rocket raccoon to meet bucky barnes in infinity war and demand that he needs his metal arm . 
  ( winter soldier ), 
  there was a news article floating round a few months ago speculating that the assassin was the same guy involved in that big highway shootout in dc . 
  i mean , they never caught anyone , so it * could * be true . 
  oh please , lang is just another snowden shill . 
  he 'll be running to some embassy claiming he was set up before you know it . 
  when are you coming over ? 
  bear in mind that august is fringe festival time in edinburgh , which makes things amazingly busy and crazy and fun , but also very , very expensive !, 
  if you mean next month august , then you 're not going to get accommodation in edinburgh itself unless you 're prepared to pay through the nose for it . 
  if it 's next year august , then book a hotel/hostel/air bnb way way wayyyy in advance . 
  honestly , as early as possible - realistically , as soon as you book your flights . 
  edinburghs population doubles during the fringe because of all of the actors , venue workers and tourists who come to stay . 
  you need to get in early to get a room if you 're not kipping on a friends floor . 
  you 'll have more luck in the last week of august , but if your trip is over the end of july or the first two weeks of august then you 'll need to be smart about booking . 
  it 's an amazing time to be in town though - i promise you 'll never have seen anything quite like it before . 
  i worked the fringe for six years and still miss the atmosphere . 
  10 % in restaurants and that 's it . 
  i guess channing tatum , but only because i have n't really seen any of his movies . 
  but honestly , i try not to look down on actors . 
  they 're just doing their job , and i would n't criticise a banker or an electrician for not being hot enough . 
  most of the time if their acting is shoddy , it 's because they 're working with a bad director . 
  sure , keira knightly pouts a lot , but it 's what the director wants , is n't it ? 
  also , i think scarlett johansson is a fucking amazing lady , but that 's just me . 
  yup , it 's definitely not . 
  anyway , bluewater is much better !, 
  howard died in 1991 , not the 60s . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i used to cramp but i do n't any more , and if i do then a couple of paracetamol on the first day sorts it right out . 
  i think i can thank a mixture of going on the pill and switching to a cup , but my periods are have become about a hundred times easier in the last two years . 
  for eight months you told brian everything that fred did to you and how it made you feel .
