  so rock and roll . 
  awww :( it 's never nice , even when it 's only kinda dumping . 
  mean girls sounds like the perfect antidote . 
  i get along with all my lady friends . 
  i think you need new ones . 
  yup , even when i know i 'm just going to be in the office by myself , with no one else around except the dog . 
  it helps me feel more awake and more like me for the day . 
  teacher training !, 
  you have to write a personal statement about why you 'd be the awesomest teacher who ever awesomed , and you only have like ... 47 lines to fit it all in . 
  personal statements suck , so i 'm just getting it out the way now and then i do n't have to worry about it again for another six weeks or whatever . 
  the accent , i guess . 
  i mean , outside of general cultural differences , when i 've dated french or irish or canadian guys ( no americans so far !, 
  ) , i 've mostly been drawn to them because of the sound of their voice . 
  absolutely . 
  in three weeks time i 'll be starting my new uni term . 
  that means one full time job , one full time allocation of degree work which includes two essays a month plus about forty hours of reading a week , one part time job at the weekends , maybe one night a week getting to see friends and one night a week at my dog training club or gym club . 
  i 'm really not sure where i could fit dating a man in amongst that . 
  plus , it would hardly be fair to him to be right down the list of priorities - and trust me , he would be . 
  my degree comes way above a boyfriend right now . 
  apart from aw , i spend most of my time going between / r/askuk / r/askreddit / r/fantasy and / r/marvestudios ( i 'm totally a marvel girlgeek now ) . 
  because guns are for shooting and killing , and i am 100 % * not cool * with being around that . 
  maybe if i dated a farmer , or even a clay pigeon shooter it would be different , but in my country where guns are not legal then they fucking freak me out , and i do n't want to be anywhere near them . 
  you 're not giving yourself much room to breathe , are you ? 
  if i were you , i 'd really try and cut a city or two out of your schedule and just give yourself a couple more days to really enjoy wherever you are . 
  you 're getting , what , two hours in glasgow ? 
  a day and a half in london ? 
  that 's really hardly any time at all . 
  you 'll be seeing more of the train stations than you will be of the cities . 
  personally i would also skip edinburgh castle . 
  you can walk up the castle drive and see it all the way round , but it 's * really * expensive and does n't have much inside . 
  edinburgh 's got so much more to offer !, 
  go wandering up the royal mile , have an indian at khushis and a drink at the pear tree pub instead . 
  all of my best friends are individual friends and do n't really know each other . 
  i do n't have much of a ` group ' friend dynamic . 
  it does make it easier to sort of hanging out , though . 
  i do n't mind if a guy has n't gone to uni , but i do prefer men who like to read and are interested in the world around them . 
  also british !, 
  i like to go through and tag all of us , just to see when we pop our heads up . 
  i 'm a bit older than most ( 29 ) , and i spent most of my twenties travelling and freelancing in an arts industry rather than building a career . 
  i 'm also living with my parents for now , and i do n't think there 's many of us doing that . 
  you can find cambridge 's [ requirements for undergrad international students here ] ( http://www.study.cam.ac.uk/undergraduate/international/requirements.html ) but it basically boils down to their first paragraph :, 
   if you wish to apply for an undergraduate place at cambridge , you need to be in the top one or two per cent of your year group , and doing very well in the subject area you 'd like to study . 
  so yes , school marks matter hugely if you want to get to oxbridge . 
  edit : [ this page ] ( http://www.study.cam.ac.uk/undergraduate/international/qualifications/poland.html ) has statistics for polish applicants , and says you need a 90 % score on the matura for an offer . 
  out of 157 applicants in 2013 they made 31 offers and admitted 25 students . 
  it 's a long old road ahead !, 
  god , yes . 
  that 's what tumblr is for !, 
  * doctor who . 
  looooving peter capaldi . 
  ( do n't spoil the last episode for me ! ), 
  * downton abbey, 
  * pointless . 
  i know it 's just a game show but it 's soooo gooood . 
  * educating essex / yorkshire / east end, 
  * location , location , location , just because of phil and kirsty 's snarkiness . 
  my neck and my waist . 
  i get reallly ticklish in a really pleasant way . 
  it is !, 
  last weeks episode about head boys/girls did n't have much to it , but the others so far have been really well done . 
  my heart will always belong to the third season of friends . 
  `` what gets out hummus ?!, 
  what gets out hummus ?! '', 
  `` could i * be * wearing any more clothes ? '', 
  `` i 'm going into business , people . 
  i needed a plan . 
  a plan to get over my man ... and what 's the opposite of man ? 
  jam ! '', 
  i have every faith that the wine tastings made dinner totally ridiculous and giggly , right ? 
  stupid and immature . 
  they were * private * photos , not leaked , and obtained without permission . 
  spreading them all over the internet just for the sake of hot naked women was disgusting . 
  reddit should have jumped on it much quicker and shut the sub down , and it does n't do the community here any favours to be on the front of the press as ` the site that had the photos ' . 
  29 , one ba in theatre production , working towards a second ba ( hons ) in history , and * hoping * to do well enough this year to get a first in it . 
  i do n't think you can transfer here , i think you either have to apply seperately as a student for that particular university , or do a course at an american university that has a partnership with a british uni . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  i 'm perfectly comfortable with myself . 
  i also never go without makeup . 
  even on days when i 'm in the house by myself , or in the office by myself , or just around my parents , i wear some concealer , mineral foundation , eyelid primer and mascara . 
  makeup does n't equal insecurity - it 's just a daily routine . 
  it helps me feel more awake and put together . 
  it does n't * mean * anything , and it certainly does n't have any reflection on my confidence or comfort level . 
  benefit 's lemon aid . 
  it 's an eyelid primer , but it zaps those pesky under eye circles for me , is a great daily base , and it lasts forever . 
  seriously . 
  * forever * . 
  i love love love it , and i 'll never be without it . 
  also , i am all about mineral powder foundation now , especially mac 's line . 
  i have super pale , dry , sensitive acne-pocked skin , and my mineral foundation just floats above it like a photoshopping airbrushing non cloggy mattifying wonder powder . 
  so much love . 
  i have no idea . 
  lots and lots of really really geeky practice , i guess . 
  i love that there 's still grease fic being turned out . 
  fabulous . 
  [ her morning elegance - oren lavie ] ( http://youtu.be/2_hxuhshhmy ), 
  i 'll freely admit i mostly love it just for the video , but the song is great too . 
  [ hello - the cat empire ] ( http://youtu.be/luyviy1bnfq ) . 
  it 's so irresistibly cheerful and happy and it never ever fails to put me in a good mood . 
  yeah , so you 'd need to apply to an american uni that offers a year abroad for your subject . 
  it 's not a transfer as such , just a year in industry as part of the course that involves time in the uk .
