  you arguing for black panther to be white is about promotion of an existing majority over a minority ( there are more working white actors than black ones already ) . 
  english , and i pay nothing for my pill . 
  thanks nhs !, 
  birth control is n't just for sex . 
  it helps regulate periods , can make them less painful and lighter . 
  i take my pills to stop my skin breaking out . 
  her staying on the pill means absolutely nothing . 
  do some research of your own and stop worrying . 
  and maybe now she 's decided that it brings her other benefits . 
  she 's allowed to change her mind , you know . 
  and loads of other people 's veterans grandparents were gay or bisexual ( or shock horror , they never discussed their sexuality with their grandchildren ) . 
  what 's your point ? 
  of course it does . 
  she had sex with another person outside the boundaries of your relationship . 
  gender is irrelevant . 
  it 's still cheating . 
  i love buying crepes with nutella and banana in . 
  so buttery and tasty !, 
  usually hair first , then who they 're with and then their outfit . 
  i rarely notice shoes !, 
  why the hell would you want to cram yourself into stratford with a bunch of other flatmates over living in a jammy place with your brother ?? 
  all that money you would be saving on expensive stratford rent you can plough into savings for a future mortgage !, 
  i get wanting to be independent , but if you save money now you can make that future independence so much easier . 
  seriously op , speaking as someone who sees her friends struggle on london wages in crappy little flats , let your pride go a bit . 
  your coworkers are never going to ask you how you got your flat , and if you do you can tell them it 's a family second house . 
  you 're mad to pass this up . 
  you 're only 21 . 
  you have at least the next sixty years to pay for everything out of your own money . 
  believe me , the shine wears off pretty damn quickly , especially somewhere super ridiculously cripplyingly expensive like london . 
  make this bit of your life easier , and your future purchase of a truly independent house a bit more realistic . 
  accept this as a gift , and do n't look back . 
  i have four tattoos and love all but one ( which was the one i also got spontaneously without much thought behind it ) . 
  two are on my wrists , i see them every day and i still think they 're pretty much perfect . 
  i have my ears pierced and used to have my navel pierced too , but i let that close up about five years ago . 
  i love it when they curl up all teeny tiny !, 
  his personal political views are his own personal political views and have nothing to do with his question about flats . 
  stop being so nosy . 
  i much prefer long haired gundogs , so i do n't particularly like breeds like pitties , staffies , pugs , boxers or chinese crested terriers . 
  i know long haired pups moult like crazy , but i love them anyway . 
  not noticeably different . 
  you 'll have a bit more writing to do and be treated less like the babies of the school . 
  that 's about it . 
  my puppy dog is an english setter called henry . 
  we 've had our last two dogs named after cars we 've owned ( beema and cosworth ) , so henry ( ford ) follows the trend !, 
  he turns four this weekend and he 's my baby . 
  good !, 
  i 'm doing a postgrad teacher training course . 
  we 're only in uni for a third of the year , so i do n't feel much like a student , but it 's been excellent training . 
  the uni has a good reputation for this course and it 's really filled all of my expectations . 
  it sounds like piper gets lots of physical exercise , but how much mental exercise does she get ? 
  maybe try heel work to music with her , agility or scent training ? 
  my dog can still be hyper after a good run on the beach , but a slow walk with tons of sniffing or a good training session where he has to use his brain completely knocks him out . 
  if she 's a terrier , they need to work !, 
  give her a job to do . 
  piper sounds like a total nightmare , but maybe she just needs refocusing in a different direction ? 
  okay , i know you said do n't bring up the whole ` it 's just a drink , whatever ' thing - but i kind of * have * to . 
  have you ever actually considered that that attitude is actually your girlfriend 's default position ? 
  she probably agreed about the no drinking thing to keep you happy , because that 's what a good girlfriend does . 
  you have a passionate stance , and she probably thought , `` oh , cutting out drinking would be a good thing to be healthy , and / u/aeiiou really wants me to , so i should . '', 
  i * get * that you feel betrayed - but dude , really , she 's an adult . 
  she is allowed to make sensible adult choices and those include drinking . 
  you 're winding yourself up about this whole betrayal thing , but she has n't actually done anything wrong . 
  she made you a half hearted promise that does n't really affect anyone except herself . 
  and then you 're making it ten thousand times worse by snooping through her messages , and having these passive aggressive `` i do n't * really * care if you drink ( but i totally do ) , you just need to tell me ( so i can be disappointed ) '' conversations . 
  what are those going to fix , really ? 
  you need to have another conversation with her , but you * ca n't * have this big drinking sword of damocles hanging over her head about having one or two drinks . 
  it 's * your * morality that she 's trying to stick to her , not her own , and if she does n't really believe in it , she 's never going to do it . 
  why the hell should the girlfriend need op to accompany her on nights out ? 
  she has n't done a single thing wrong !, 
  she has n't got wasted , she has n't cheated on him , she 's just * had a drink * . 
  your solution is to tell op to double down on the controlling behaviour because of some abstract morality that * he * believes in . 
  she may have originally come to that decision but she has * changed her mind * . 
  that 's the crux of the matter here . 
  she does n't believe in your strict morality . 
  you need to deal with that . 
  what do you want us to tell you , op ? 
  it 's not acceptable for you to want her to inform you every time she drinks . 
  it 's just not . 
  she 's a responsible adult and she does n't need to tell you about all of her movements . 
  if you ca n't live with that , you need to look for someone else . 
  scent work , puzzle work , agility training or just lots and lots of behaviour/trick training should get her brain working . 
  she 's probably really smart and understimulated !, 
  terriers were bred to hunt , after all . 
  i do n't need a god ( abrahamic , zeus or otherwise ) to be here . 
  i 'm here , doing the best i possibly can with my life , and trying to have fun at the same time . 
  it seems to be working out pretty well so far !, 
  i 'm a british history teacher and i just did empire with my year 8s . 
  definitely did n't get to spend that much time on it , but it was nice to at least be able to touch on benin , the east india company and all the fucked up shit that we did for money . 
  biros ( black , red , and green ) . 
  a mug , ideally a thermos one . 
  small snacks like breakfast bars . 
  a bottle of water to refill during the day . 
  biscuits . 
  tissues . 
  a notebook ( if i 'm observing , i always take notes ) . 
  some small change , in case i want to get lunch from the canteen . 
  a usb stick or portable hard drive . 
  stacks of patience and a sense of humour !, 
  dog shows : plenty of early starts and driving to get there !, 
  it 's also a hobby that requires prep a day before the show to groom and bath the dog first ( and my dog is getting to be a stubborn little shit about going in the bath , too ) .
