  warm toesies are crucial to feeling cosy !, 
  oooh i always pictured you being blonde , how funny !, 
  your glasses are amaaaazing . 
  kicked them as i walked the dog down the beach ? 
  you get shedloads of oysters around here . 
  the roman soldiers used to have them for lunch . 
  now we sell them on to over-priced london markets instead . 
  mac mineral makeup , and benefit 's lemon aid for eyelid primer . 
  lemon aid in particular is the one thing i never want to lose from my makeup kit - it lasts * forever * . 
  i wear makeup because i 'm self conscious about my face . 
  i freely admit that . 
  i had a lot of acne as a teenager which i wanted to hide , so i started to wear makeup ( badly ) to hide that . 
  in the last few years i 've been on a pill which sorted my skin out pretty effectively , but i 'm still self conscious , because deep in there is still the awkward thirteen year old who hates her skin . 
  now i have better products , better awareness of how to use makeup , and it 's part of a daily routine for me - i wake up , i get dressed , i put concealer and foundation and mascara on . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  i * would * like to point out , however , that * not * wearing makeup is not going to make me feel better about how my face looks . 
  i wear makeup in the same way that i wear v-neck tops and tight trousers . 
  it flatters me . 
  it makes me look good . 
  i like it . 
  not wearing it has the same effect for me as shoving on a pair of trackie bottoms and baggy hoodie to go out the door - it makes me look as if i do n't care about myself or how i present myself to the world . 
  i loved my uni , but i had a completely different ` experience ' than most other people i know . 
  i went to drama school to do theatre production , and for me it was like working at a rep theatre every day for three years . 
  we were there 9-5 ( or longer , if required ) designing shows , working with actors and costume designers and set carpenters . 
  i did n't have lectures , had very few essays and had lots of timetabled production meetings and rehearsals instead . 
  my campus was absolutely tiny , so it was incredibly insular rather than being a part of one huge campus , but it meant everyone was very close , and friendly . 
  we went out drinking loads and had great house parties , but it just felt really really * different * to other people i knew who were doing more academic degrees . 
  i do n't regret going there , and i loved my degree , but sometimes i do feel a little bit like i did n't pick a ` real ' uni , whatever that means . 
  i personally tend to view knowing about other people 's relationships as a really good way to beat myself up , especially when it 's a question like ` whats the nicest thing you 've ever done for someone else ? ' . 
  i 'd constantly be comparing myself to what an so did for some girl i 've never met , and why has he never done that for me ? 
  it 's useless information . 
  i 'd rather just not know anything , other than the fact that previous people existed in his life , and now they do n't . 
  i bought a pair of ariat equestrian boots last year for # 150 for winter wear , which is probably near the top of my expensive list , excluding electronics . 
  they are * invaluable * . 
  waterproof for walking the dog through wet country lanes , sturdy leather that will last ages , incredibly warm and comfortable , stylish enough for dog shows and just generally all around amazing . 
  i know they 'll last me five years or so , and they were absolutely worth the money . 
  i love a good smoky blend , heavy on the lapsang souchong . 
  it 's particularly good if it 's a leaf blend . 
  my favourite one at the moment is from a tea room in ely , and it 's a blend of keemun , oolong and lapsang , which makes it lovely and smoky , just the way i like it . 
  right now it 's got to be guardians of the galaxy : awesome mix vol . 
  i love that thing . 
  2:2 in theatre production from a scottish uni . 
  my course no longer exists , sadly . 
  went into an events company as a lighting technician pretty much before i 'd even graduated , but i picked my uni solely on the network contacts and work experience i 'd get out of it . 
  imho you ca n't rely just on your degree and choice of university to get you into a job ( unless it 's a 2:1 or first from oxbridge , of course ) , you need to get that work experience behind you as well . 
   in the whole dating game as a guy i have to give the girl everything she wants ,, 
  no , you do n't . 
  i do n't expect everything and the kitchen sink from guys i date . 
  far from it . 
  breakfast , lunch , and the evening meal switches between dinner or tea . 
  as someone who primarily meets up through online dating : the ever-present nervousness of going to meet some guy when i have * no idea * who he actually is . 
  are we staying in public areas ? 
  could he overpower me ? 
  we have to go through a dark side street here to get to the car park , is he going to jump me ? 
  is he going to slip something in my drink ? 
  i 'm going back to his house , is this * really * a good idea ? 
  what if he tries something when we 're alone and there 's no one else around ? 
  realistically i know the vast majority of guys i meet are sensible , normal blokes who would n't lay a finger on anyone , but there 's always the nervousness there , and there 's always these statistics going through your head . 
  i always tell someone where i 'm going and any details i do know about the guy before i go , just in case . 
  let 's not pretend we 're all going to have been court ladies here . 
  being a tudor woman would have meant marriage at about age 12 , babies pretty consistently until age 35 or so including the very real risk of death in childbirth , physical labour from dawn until dusk for every little thing , * zero * anaesthetic for * anything * - imagine that wrist you broke when you were thirteen . 
  now imagine breaking it and resetting it without any kind of pain relief whatsoever . 
  no education of any kind unless you were at least upper middle class , either . 
  you like reading ? 
  tough shit , you 've got flour to grind for tomorrow 's bread and some skirts to starch , chop chop , baby # 4 is n't going to feed itself . 
  no , thanks . 
  i 'd rather be a modern woman any day of the week . 
  if i 'm driving in the car and a big orchestral song comes on my ipod , i pretend i 'm conducting the orchestra that 's playing it . 
  i 'll even cue up the timpani and everything , hahaha . 
  i tend to keep my weird private , i suppose . 
  i read and write a lot of slash fanfic , which i never ever talk about outside of internet friends , and my little movie obsession phases stay beneath the surface until a like minded person comes along , at which point i get really talkative and wave my hands around a lot and get quite loud . 
  students loans wooooo yay uk government loophole . 
  okay , so , basically , my first degree was in scotland , and i did three years which gave me a ba , without the optional fourth year honours . 
  my second degree that i 'm doing now i 'm doing through the open university , and since it 's a ba ( hons ) it makes it superior to the first degree , which means i qualify for student loans . 
  again . 
  i 'll also qualify ( 90 % sure of that ) for postgraduate teacher training next year . 
  i only start paying back once i earn over # 15,000 ( for degree 1 ) or # 22,00 ( for degree 2 ) , and when i 'm 60-something , the remainder gets written off . 
  i mean , shit , yeah , i 'll owe like twenty five grand in the end , but it does n't really affect my credit score which is basically rubbish anyway , so i am working the education angle for all i can right now . 
  tony stark in im3 is really affected by the avengers events , so you need to watch avengers to understand his character motivations . 
  so yeah , it 's chronological . 
  i have one younger brother , who i 've called ` the golden prince ' , but it 's mostly just leg pulling . 
  my parents made a point of a ) treating us exactly the same and b ) making sure we each had our own hobbies , even to the point where we were n't allowed to be in the same scout group so that we could have time apart . 
  we 've turned out to be very very different people , but that was n't because of the way our parents treated us at all . 
  my brother did always tend to spend more time with my dad when we were younger and i spent more time with my mum , but that 's mostly because we have more in common . 
  now i work for dad , so i spend more time with him and we do more fun hobby stuff - he likes teaching me to play golf , for instance , and we both love sci-fi/fantasy stuff . 
  as for dynamics , we mostly just spent our time squabbling with each other . 
  i was never really taught to cook because i hate it , but my brother and dad both love it , so they actually did more kitchen stuff together . 
  i was encouraged to do more academic things , but that 's probably because i was at a more demanding secondary school than him . 
  we both had chores to do on weekends , pets to look after , things like that . 
  no real difference at all . 
  i think it sounds like you 're into guys , you 're just not into * this * guy . 
  i 'd be turned off by anyone texting me repeatedly , too . 
  tell him you 're sorry , but you do n't think things with him will work out , and then go find yourself some other cute bloke to crush on . 
  honestly , i do have to ask why you 're jumping straight into living together after just six/nine months when you 're his first girlfriend , and you 're still married ? 
  it seems really * really * hasty . 
  i think they 're just worried about him , is all . 
  i 'd be the same if you were my younger brothers new girlfriend , and i admit i would probably tell him he was being stupid if he announced he was going to move in with his married partner of six months when he 's never been out with anyone else before . 
  what 's the rush ? 
  maybe if you did n't have the pressure of moving in to add to the whole ` married ' issue , then they would be more receptive to you . 
  in the end , you ca n't make anyone like you , but you * can * give yourself more of a fighting chance .
