  a couple of things - i have just finished my second year history exams , and i am so excited to be done with academic reading for the summer !, 
  i can , at least , reel off some various causes for the wars of the roses and the end of the hundred years war in france now , as well as some ancient greek virtues from the odyssey and iliad , so there 's that . 
  now i 'm enrolled for october on a study of europe 1914-1989 and another classics module on greek and roman mythology . 
  i 've also purloined tickets for the excellent mary beard lecturing on [ laughter in rome ] ( https://www.britishmuseum.org/whats_on/events_calendar/event_detail.aspx?eventid=1465&amp;title=laughter%20in%20ancient%20rome&amp;eventtype=lecture ) at the british museum at the end of the month , which should be excellent !, 
  finally , has the [ british pathe collection on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgp4u0whlsk8oaxnvwityha ) been mentioned yet ? 
  i had a quick search but could n't find it . 
  it is an absolute treasure trove of ** 85,000 ** videos from the 1890s through to about 1980 with news films of everything from trench warfare to the death of marilyn monroe and the hindenburg disaster . 
  completely invaluable . 
  i know british gymnastics tries to push awareness of it with all of their pr materials - they have quite a lot of acro playlists on their [ youtube channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/britishgymnasticstv/playlists ) . 
  it 's a start at least . 
  haha okay !, 
  so , first of all , you have to know that in fifteenth century england , the fact that we owned part of france was * very important * . 
  there was a whole english monopoly on the wine trade from france , lots of inter-country marriages , plenty of english landowners living in the rich lands of normandy and gascony that were then all lost in pretty quick succession between 1449 and 1453 . 
  going back a bit , the 1419 treaty of troyes had been an agreement that once charles vi died , henry vi and all of his successors would then take their places as rightful kings of france , and the french dauphin charles vii would be set aside in place of henry . 
  we actually see this dynastic identity pop up again about a hundred years later on when henry viii styles himself king of england and france - it was right there in his family tree , after all . 
  so of course , when the lancastrian henry vi loses all of these french lands that his father gained and displaces english landowners , there is complete shock . 
  malcolm vale ( 1994 ) actually calls it a ` psychological shock to the lancastrian government in england ' . 
  it 's a big deal , generally . 
  it also makes england 's focus turn inwards to internal matters rather than looking outwards to defence and management of foreign territories , and really it stays that way through all the following tudor years . 
  so henry vi 's reputation is in ruins . 
  he never * really * had a very good reputation in the first place , as his father died young , he gained the throne as a minor and is generally mentally ill for much of his reign . 
  his rivals are the house of york , a very * very * rich family lead by richard duke of york - and the thing about york is that they have quite a good claim to the throne going back through to john of gaunt ( which lancaster also has -- there was a lot of intermarriage and illegimate children going on ) ) . 
  york also quite firmly believes that the lancastrians are bad business with bad blood , as so obviously proved by henry iv suffering from ( what was said to be ) leprosy , henry v dying early and henry vi being incapable of rule most of the time . 
  richard has money , he has power and he has a very good claim to the throne . 
  his rival is the lancastrian duke of somerset - again , rich family , good claim to the regency . 
  york and somerset actively squabble and fight through a large chunk of the 1450s and 1460s , though york always tries to make the claim that he 's just doing this to remove henry 's bad advisors , not to take the throne for himself . 
  what makes it worse is that there is no clear line of succession , and though male primogeniture was the usual way , what happened if the king was mad or bad ? 
  this king was mad - did that mean he should be deposed ? 
  who would take his place ? 
  so so far we have loss of lands and loss of prestige , and a rival claim to the throne . 
  add in the fact that henry vi 's crown treasury was not only limited , but completely bankrupt by mismanagement ( which also massively contributed to the loss of lands in france ) and you have a king who is quite exposed . 
  these rival families have a * lot * of descendents , and a * lot * of claimants , and it 's been argued that the younger nephews had been given too many titles and estates , making them overmighty where the king is in quite a weak position . 
  the historian christine carpenter actually pins all the blame squarely on the king for the wars of the roses : `` it was the failure of central governance that led to local conflict and ultimately made conflict among the nobles nationally divisive . '', 
  ( carpenter , 1997 , p. 253 ) i tend to agree that it was the squabbles between the dukes that really set it off , but i do n't think henry had a very successful kingship either . 
  but who knows - it 's an interesting idea to wonder what would have happened if the king 's position had been stronger and he had been able to secure his line . 
  as it was , his son edward died in the battle of tewksbury and the line reverted back to his lancastrian uncle , owen tudor who then had a son edmund tudor , who married * his * son henry back into the york claim , thereby bringing the roses together for the start of the tudor dynasty under henry vii . 
  i have no idea , i 've never tried it . 
  never done any kind of lifting , it 's just never appealed . 
  i do gymnastics as a hobby though and i can hold a handstand for a reasonable length of time , so i 'm not a total sapling . 
  onwards and upwards . 
  i think we need to bear in mind that a lot of discussion here is assuming education from a senior level , i.e. 
  age 16 + . 
  what about primary education ? 
  small children certainly ca n't guide themselves , and yes , a lot of computer games can aid literacy , but i would certainly argue that a teacher is absolutely necessary to convey basic skills such as literacy , numeracy , geography , science etc as well as social skills within a school environment . 
  as a mature student doing distance learning with the open university , i 'm also finding face to face tutorials and assembled day schools absolutely * essential * in understanding the points that textbooks are trying to get across . 
  sometimes the concept the text is explaining just does not compute , and a physical person who is able to turn the subject just a few degrees on its side to enable understanding is so , so invaluable . 
  oh beautiful baby !, 
  i love the leggy stage on animals so much . 
   okay , do n't bash me for going to walmart , because i 'm broke as hell . 
  zero bashing here , i love shopping at tescos for cheapy bargain basement clothes !, 
  they always have the cutest stuff for like a tenner . 
  and i loooove maxi skirts and dresses too !, 
  i find m/m to be more ... genuine , i guess . 
  it always really seems like the guys are really out there * enjoying * themselves and seriously getting into it , while the girls in straight porn and a lot of lesbian stuff never really look that interested in what 's going on . 
  as for writing and reading it , i 'm not sure what makes it more preferable . 
  i guess if i 'm writing it with a female friend , it kind of feels weird for one of us to take the girls pov , as then you 're writing about what * you * would feel during sex ( which kind of feels like literary cybering ) , as opposed to a detached third party . 
  also , you know what , i just like men . 
  one hot men is good . 
  two hot men is great . 
  two ( or more ) hot men making each other feel good is really * really * good to think about . 
  newcastle , the only city where the best outcome of a good night out is getting pneumonia . 
  ( seriously , do you lot * ever * wear jackets when you 're out on the piss ? ), 
  i 'm also a lady . 
  i bought new heels at the weekend . 
  have at it . 
  i ca n't see how ten relationships in a year can all possibly have been romantic . 
  call them flings , call them fwbs , whatever , but i would be wary of a guy who said he had real relationships with ten women in one year . 
  there 's got to be some fibbing or extending the truth going on there . 
   i have just always struggled with the idea that gay porn leaves no place for the opposite sex . 
  well ... yeah . 
  that 's why it 's gay sex . 
  right ? 
  no , i do n't watch it with the intent of imagining myself taking part , i watch it for the enjoyment of the guys participating . 
  i get off to other people having great sex . 
  more like a voyeur than a volunteer , if you like . 
  prose is an odd one . 
  i do n't like flowery prose , which is why i do n't think i 've ever really got on with rothfuss - too elegant and complicated for me . 
  i like sanderson for his plots , his story structure and his twists . 
  the last third of sanderson 's books always do it for me - i get so caught up i literally ca n't put them down . 
  but hey , if you 've tried four books and just ca n't jive with brandon 's style , then that 's totally cool . 
  you ca n't please everyone all the time and clearly what he offers is n't your cup of tea . 
  at least you 've given it a go , rather than just reading a third of mistborn and chucking it on the side . 
  maybe switch to another author and give them a go instead . 
  i think i told one of my very good friends , but that was right before a derren brown show started , so i doubt she remembers it now . 
  lunch , then late afternoon drinks/coffee , then movie . 
  a hike can wait - i 'd hate to go trudging off into the country and get all sweaty on a first date anyway . 
  for sure !, 
  in particular , i * love * the way all the guys take off their shirts to play football in the parks . 
  tanned , fit guys running around with lovely bodies on show is my * favourite * summer entertainment . 
  nope . 
  i think you just go to sleep and that 's it . 
  nothing . 
  i do n't believe in the concept of souls , or a continuing existance . 
  how can you possibly carry on seeing and experience things when all of the thing that does your seeing and experiencing - your brain - is totally switched off and not coming back ? 
  we did three dates before i broke it off . 
  he made fun of harry potter . 
  also , we had crazily different views on money - he made fun of a restaurant promotion where you could win a thousand pounds , because ' a thousand is n't that much money . ', 
  uh , yeah , it kinda is . 
  i would n't have an issue , but i think it was a very strange choice of leader . 
  when an organisation is campaigning womens rights and women 's equality , why is a man making all the decisions and ( probably ) giving all the soundbites ?
