  my cousin 's wedding about four years ago . 
  it was all in one renovated barn , which was gorgeous , with a tent outside where we could go for drinks between the ceremony and reception . 
  the reception dinner was steak and chips . 
  my other cousins got drunk and tried to throw each other in the pond . 
  my cousin and her husband spent the whole time laughing and having fun . 
  it was just generally really relaxed and lovely . 
  i 'll freely admit i hate going to the dentist and avoid it for as long as possible , but you like going for your own peace of mind and self care . 
  this is * your * body you are taking care of , and massive kudos to you for that . 
  he needs to stop bugging you about keeping healthy habits , because it does n't do anyone any good to have you reduce your own personal care . 
  just because he 's avoided dentists visits and thinks he has perfect teeth ( he probably does n't ) does n't mean you should lessen your own standard of care . 
  you have a different body . 
  you have different problems with your biology that he does n't have . 
  does he begrudge you spending money on different hobbies too ? 
  if the root of the problem stems from money , can you just set up a small savings account of your own and save towards your dental expenses out of your own paycheque ? 
  small monthly deposits build up and should help pay towards whatever fillings/crowns you might need . 
  i bought a pair of tidy black flats from dorothy perkins for # 12 to wear to work a couple of months ago . 
  i did try them on , but clearly was n't thinking straight as when i wore them to work that evening i realised they were way way too wide for me and had no support . 
  by midnight and five hours standing my feet were * killing * me . 
  i have n't worn them again since . 
  different girls have different preferences . 
  i do n't get how you 're so confused by this . 
  i 'm 5 ' 8 '' and i prefer men who are either the same height or any allowance of taller than me . 
  i 'm not fussed whether they 're 5 ' 9 '' or 7 ' as long as there 's a bit of head space going on . 
  you 're also going to get the stupidest answers on yahoo !, 
  answers . 
  just so you know . 
  black forest gateau or warmed chocolate brownie with a dollop of vanilla ice cream . 
  oooh , or hot apricot crumble with nice thick double cream poured all over . 
  yum !, 
  when i was at uni i had a part time job working front of house for a theatre just up the road from my flat . 
  it was the easiest job in the world ; roughly a four hour shift in which you 'd sign in about 5pm , do set up , serve the incoming customers , have a half hour coffee break during the first act ( or watch some of the show ) , run around for the interval and then clean up or watch some of the second act . 
  we were mostly all done before the curtain came down , and the team i was working with were all total stars . 
  i 'm still friends with a lot of them . 
  we had to do a minimum of three shifts a week and got double time pay on sundays . 
  i loved that job and that theatre , and only left because i finished university and got another job somewhere else . 
  sometimes i still wish i 'd stayed on . 
  i have to say , right now chris pratt is lookin ' pretty tidy as [ star lord ] ( https://julianamare.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/peter-quill-guardians-of-the-galaxy-37220788-491-612.jpg ) . 
  sci fi has never been so sexy . 
  nope . 
  i have a personal rule not to date younger than my little brother , who is two years younger than me . 
  any more than that would just be weird . 
  i just ... keep going , i guess . 
  as long as i keep * doing * stuff , i have the energy propelling me along . 
  if i sit down and relax at any point i wo n't be getting up again , so i just go from one thing to the next and it 's fine . 
  i also give myself flopping nights where i can just hit the sofa and that 's fine . 
  tonight was one of those . 
  tomorrow i have a date , wednesday is dog training , thursday is either a friend or the cinema , friday is gymnastics and saturday means i get a lie in . 
  it all comes down to what you enjoy more , and the subject you 'd be happiest doing for three years . 
  i 'm doing a history degree now at 29 through the open university and i 've never been happier . 
  that 's mostly because i really ** want ** to do the subject and read about the causes of ww2 or the social impact of the roman baths . 
  do you do any outside reading on either one ? 
  unis are going to want to see passion for your degree subject in your personal statement , so the more you can talk about how your outside hobbies reflect your enjoyment for the topics are going to help . 
  if you 're always picking up history books on the tudor court or whatever from the bookshop , or going to national trust houses , maybe history would be better suited . 
  either way , have a look at open days , the course contents and structure and see which one appeals to you more . 
  if you think you 'd enjoy specifically analysing the black death more than chaucer , or you 'd prefer reading journals on dickens ' social commentary to studying the causes of the industrial revolution and the growth of empire then you 'll know which way to go . 
  history goes all over the place as far as careers go , as it 's about sorting and analysing potentially biased information to draw conclusions from the evidence . 
  you 'll get history grads in law , education , politics , conservation ( obviously ) , journalism , civil service ... all sorts of stuff . 
  i do n't understand why a guy would drive around a ` junker ' and i 'd probably find that weird , but as long as he has a working car i 'm not massively fussed . 
  i was n't much impressed with the guy i went on a date with who was proud of driving around in his van , though . 
  cars please . 
  if he likes to tinker , that 's cool , i like guys with hobbies . 
  i do n't think i 've really ever had a problem making conversation as long as i get a response back from the person that i can bounce off of . 
  i can talk to someone for ages if we mesh well , and i 'm pretty good at cycling through all sorts of subjects ; book , films , travel , hobbies , work , friends . 
  it 's never really felt like hard work to me . 
  the only situation i do ever have trouble with is small talk in situations where i 'm with a person but we 're not really there to talk . 
  like weddings , you know ? 
  i hate those mini conversation starters . 
  partly socialisation . 
  i think as women we 're more encouraged to relax and express our feelings . 
  how many times have any of us heard `` god , she must be pmsing . 
  she 's all * over * the place / she 's so emotional / she ca n't stop crying . '', 
  men get portrayed as very buddy buddy with lots of shoulder claps and bear hugs every now and again , but it 's still supposed to have that emotional distance in place . 
  big boys do n't cry and all of that . 
  i think that does trickle down quite a lot , where it 's not that men are less emotional - you 're all ` allowed ' to cry at stuff like weddings or babies being born - but society expects it to be kept small , restrained and in check . 
  personally , i ca n't imagine how hard that must be to do for guys , especially when you 're a teenager . 
  you 've got feelings all over the place but are n't really allowed to have an outlet for it . 
  super tough . 
  i looooove pancakes and the pancake restaurant in london . 
  it 's cheap and the portions are massive . 
  oh , and i discovered poffertjes there which are lovely . 
  chips with mayonnaise is great . 
  hagelslag is odd but also great , especially since you have it for breakfast . 
  i think that 's about all i know of dutch cuisine !, 
  can name a genre they like and a few authors in it . 
  that 's really about the only criteria for me . 
  i read * constantly * , but i still have n't managed to read a whole dickens , austen or tolstoy novel . 
  does that mean i 'm not well read ? 
  on the other hand , i can easily say i love fantasy , especially brandon sanderson , robin hobb , naomi novik , mark lawrence and j r r tolkien and my favourite crime author is ian rankin . 
  just because i ( or a guy ) has n't read the classics does n't mean they 're not an avid reader . 
  it just means some of the classics have n't caught their attention at all . 
  i 'd probably assume it 's a date if it 's someone i 've only met recently , yeah . 
  if we 've talked a while ago ( more than a couple of months ago ? ), 
  about , say , sci fi films and he invites me to come see guardians of the galaxy i 'd probably think it was a friendly thing . 
  i only have a limited attention span for image blogs like tumblr and pinterest . 
  i like the idea , but i 'll binge on them for a few days at a time and then totally forget the site exists for about six months . 
  i ca n't imagine one book covering all of our history from 1066-1900 in one without making massive sweeping leaps or skipping huge chunks . 
  we have so much history in that period , from the medieval era to the reformation , tudor dynasty , stuarts and the union , jacobeans and shakespeare , civil wars , glorious revolution , georgians , victorians , industrial revolution and build to the first world war . 
  it 's a lot to fit in , and that 's still mostly england centric without even starting to look at scotland or wales , or considering the differences the romans brought to britain pre-norman invasion . 
  you 'll also be skipping the second world war and the blitz which impacts a lot of our culture today . 
  do you see what i mean ?
