  [ hope/xavier 's theme ] ( http://youtu.be/mh4uuwitmgy ) from the x-men days of future past soundtrack . 
  i always have a few favourite osts on the go , and this is one of them . 
   i 've never heard of anyone who chose to go to england to see the royalty . 
  i dunno - they were interviewing people at sandringham on christmas day who were waiting for the queen to turn up for her usual christmas morning church service , and they pretty much all sounded american or canadian . 
  the whole royal baby fuss over george 's birth was international news , too . 
  i agree in that i do n't think people holiday here * primarily * to see the royals , but i think there 's a lot of hopeful `` ooh , let 's visit windsor for the day while we 're here and maybe we 'll spot someone '' stuff going on . 
  the plan is to go into history teaching . 
  do n't bother paying for edinburgh castle - just going up the drive gives you amazing views , but there 's nothing really in the castle worth paying the ridiculous admittance fee for . 
  elephant house tea is good , but the queues to get in are * stupid * . 
  when i lived there you could get in without much trouble , but now it 's too touristy to be really worth it . 
  i like hula down on the grassmarket much better , honestly . 
  one of my favourite bars this year is devils advocate down advocate close off the mile - amazing cocktails and great location !, 
  other must - do edinburgh bars are the pear tree and whistle binkies , and i always make sure i go and have indian food at khushis whenever i go back . 
  edinburgh 's such a great city , you 're going to love it . 
  how do you know no one has ever called you hot ? 
  do you have an ( ultimately very annoying superpower ) of being able to hear every single conversation or thought process around you ? 
  i listen to * so many * film scores when i 'm studying - right now i love the [ iron man 3 soundtrack ] ( http://youtu.be/3m5_5bu5vfc?list=plq-odljkgf8enk63riiwpzv6zsrdqw98j ) , [ this compilation of tauriels theme ] ( http://youtu.be/pxebi3p75qq?list=plq-odljkgf8enk63riiwpzv6zsrdqw98j ) from the hobbit trilogy , and a [ bourne identity/vivaldi mixup ] ( http://youtu.be/09ruutam2h0 ) from the piano guys . 
  the ost to captain america : the winter soldier is great , too . 
  i like listening live to www.classicfm.co.uk when i 'm studying too - they have a nice mix of pieces and a bit of chat to keep you going . 
  i do n't think in term of leagues . 
  i do n't think there 's any point whatsoever in assigning yourself to a certain ` attractiveness ' and telling yourself you ca n't possibly do any different , that people ` less ' attractive than you are somehow less worthy of your attention , or that there 's somehow a struggle in asking someone cute out . 
  there 's not one universal definition of attractiveness - not everyone even agrees on which celebrities are hot or not . 
  ask out guys you think are cute . 
  do n't ask out guys you do n't fancy . 
  simple . 
  but keep your options open , too - just try chatting to someone who does n't immediately ping your radar within the first five seconds and see what happens . 
  you might be surprised . 
  working , studying , occasionally doing nights around friends houses for social time . 
  i use okc and tinder to date , not bars . 
  my parents paid for me to go to a music school on saturday mornings where i did music theory and aural lessons , had private flute tutoring and played in a wind band and orchestra . 
  i loved it , and i was pretty good at it - i 'm actually kinda sad that i 've let my flute playing slip . 
  i 'd love to get to join an amateur orchestra or theatre group sometime . 
  i know he was an explorer and had a raccoon hat . 
  that 's about it . 
  what a legacy , to be remembered mainly because of your choice in millinery . 
  university teaches you a lot about life , and how to develop good adult coping mechanisms . 
  so far , you have n't done very well at that , and you need to recognise that in order to move forward . 
  blaming everyone else wo n't help you change . 
  it wo n't help you see that you were the one who chose to go out , or skip studying or lose sleep by partying . 
  they didnt force you to do any of that . 
  you were the one who 's getting the bad marks . 
  actions have conseuqneces , and it sucks to have to admit that it 's your fault , but it will help you change going forward . 
  cutting yourself off from everyone also wo n't help - you need good support structures going forward and it sounds like your boyfriend offers that . 
  use that . 
  ask him for help . 
  go to your tutor and ask for help . 
  go to student services and ask for advice on good study habits - but eventually , you have to realise that it 's only really by you taking responsibility for your own study and prep that you can pass your degree . 
  not anyone else . 
  fine . 
  it 's just a number , it does n't mean anything . 
  more would be fine . 
  less would be fine . 
  i do n't much care . 
  i 'm slowly re-reading * [ the song of achilles ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/song-achilles-madeline-miller-ebook/dp/b005fpwusa/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1423432970&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=song+of+achilles ) * by madeline miller at the moment , which is astoundingly beautiful and poetic and wonderful and i love it ridiculous amounts . 
  my favourite books are fantasy fiction . 
  i love the whole harry potter series , and the * assassins apprentice * trilogy by robin hobb . 
  oh i love love love tawny man too - it makes me cry every time !, 
  the fool is my favourite fictional character of all time , for sure . 
  make a big effort with your photos - as flattering as possible in nice clothes and with a smile . 
  tinder 's as shallow as you get , so play to that . 
  everyone 's average looking , really , but everyone 's got their good side . 
  i usually look at more than just the first photo too , so get a good range - at least one full body , one of you doing some kind of hobby , and maybe one with friends . 
  i dislike shirtless photos ( unless they 're genuinely sporty ones ) , and i 'll match if the blurb tells me something useful or makes me laugh . 
  okc maybe ? 
  i use the okc app quite often . 
  there 's quite a few new dating apps out anyway , so try googling for one or two that catch your eye ? 
  when you 're your age , i think it 's far more important to find the exercise that you like , that you will keep doing through your twenties and thirties etc etc , rather than grinding it out at the gym for the sake of staying fit . 
  if you do n't like working out , try something else !, 
  parkour and gymnastics is amazing fun and gives you the best all-body workout ever . 
  or maybe something like swimming , or a team sport like football ( soccer ) or basketball is more up your street ? 
  find what you like , what you want to go to , and a sport that you love , and the body will come from that . 
  it depends - what sort of thing are you doing that 's childlike ? 
  the only thing i could think of would be sucking your thumb , but i 'm assuming it 's not * that * bad ... ? 
  / r/ladyboners naturally . 
  edit : / r/marvel is quite heavy on images , being about comic books , and i like seeing the different panels that people pick out , even when i do n't always know what 's going on in them !, 
  to be honest , i think you made a very calm , adult statement , and the way he reacted says more about him than you . 
  you do n't want to go on dates with people who are also dating other people - fine and fair enough , and you made it pretty clear pretty early . 
  i 'm 29 and do n't like messing about either !, 
  he * might * have taken it as you saying ' i want to be in an exclusive relationship with you as of today ' , but i 'm guessing by his ` looking not dating ' comment that that 's not what he 's looking for anyway . 
  just take it on the chin , and do n't worry too much . 
  you did the right thing . 
  for me , timid and shy people block themselves with their body language - crossed arms , hunched shoulders , arms grasped across the body , fidgety hands , lack of eye contact . 
  it 's really all about being aware of what you 're doing when you 're nervous - are you fidgeting with your hair , or blocking yourself off ? 
  even arms crossed in front of you on a dinner table can put up a barrier between you and other person - on dates i consciously make an effort to mirror what they 're doing with their body language , or open myself up a bit more . 
  there was a ted talk sometime recently on power poses , which was really interesting , and all about confident body language . 
  i do n't have the link , but i think someone else around here might ? 
  definitely watch that , as it 's got a lot of great ideas for acting more confidently . 
  i do the fade after dates i was n't interested in . 
  sorry guys !, 
  i 've been faded on too , and i know it sucks , but sometimes i 'm just a big ol' coward who does n't like saying `` it 's not you , it 's me . '', 
  sooo many babies on my fb feed , and most of them just look either a ) completely identical or b ) loveable only to their mum . 
  there 's like two cute ones , but you can hardly say that to people . 
  it 's soooo easy to do . 
  i catch myself folding my arms all the time , or doing that thing where you just hold your elbow with one arm across your body ? 
  even holding something like your phone in front of you is blocking . 
  the good thing is that once you 're aware of it , you start catching yourself doing it and you can consciously correct yourself to be more open , and then it just becomes habit . 
  a proposal at a spa would feel really weird somehow . 
  you 're wandering around in your swimming cozzie and a dressing gown , getting all dozy from saunas and then he , what , gets down one knee in front of the turkish bath or japanese steam room ? 
  where was he hiding the ring box ? 
  maybe a proposal after your relaxing day at the spa would be better .
