  i think it 's nice to be given jewellery at any time , and i 'd certainly never turn a pretty ring down , but the idea of ` promise rings ' have always seemed really really odd to me . 
  it does n't make a relationship any more special or long lasting than those that do n't have them . 
  travel . 
  anywhere , everywhere . 
  just travel . 
  owning a pet , especially from a puppy/kitten . 
  my dog has taught me * so much * patience , and how to always praise him for doing something right , even when he 's being a little brat . 
  aspalls original . 
  suffolk goodness in a bottle . 
  symonds draft . 
  quite light and dry . 
  twinings , and right now i 'm on a lapsang souchong kick , though my staple is twinings earl grey . 
  i loooooooove smoky teas . 
  * 7.15 : alarm goes off . 
  switch on lamp , and either hide under covers for another ten minutes or drag up my laptop and fb/reddit/gmail for a bit . 
  * 7.40 : roll out of bed and go downstairs for breakfast and a rejuvenating cup of tea . 
  * 7.41 : say hello to wriggle dog , the master of all doggy affection and sad brown eyes . 
  * 7.45 : have morning chat with parents , eat breakfast , wake up . 
  * 8.00 : go back upstairs and shower, 
  * 8.15 / 8:20 ish : get dressed , do makeup, 
  * 8.35 : waffle about getting out of the door in the next five minutes so i can actually get to work on time . 
  * 8.45 : leave the house ( late ) with bag , study materials bag , dog stuff bag , dog and laptop . 
  shove dog in car , make a fuss of him and leave . 
  * 9.05 : get to work . 
  unleash dog on engineers . 
  make tea . 
  win . 
  because it 's been five years of imagination , and less than a year of actually knowing you as a real person , in the flesh . 
  there is such a huge gap there . 
  * i 've done loads of super-cool , interesting stuff in my life , so i 'm never short of things to talk about . 
  * baking makes me happy , so often i 'll go off for an afternoon to whiz up a chocolate cake or something . 
  * i 'm generous , so i will also give you lots of said chocolate cake without you needing to ask . 
  * i geek out about a lot of things , so i can understand why you might get all excited about phase 3 of the marvel cine-universe or why that car is the best thing ever . 
  * i 'm an amazing kisser . 
  seriously . 
  * i 'm impulsive and up for shorter than short term decisions . 
  it 's a sunny day and you want to try out kayaking ? 
  sure , let 's go !, 
  actually you 've decided you 'd rather stay in for sex ? 
  sweet . 
  i 'll go with that option , too . 
  cons :, 
  * pretty much all of my relationships have been intense short term flings and ons ( and i 'm 28 ) , so i really want a long term thing but i 'm incredibly fucking nervous and inexperienced about them . 
  * i 'm not needy , but i like attention being paid to what i 'm doing or talking about . 
  * my life is super super busy right now for all sorts of reasons , so i 'll try my best to fit in time for you during the week , but i 'll probably struggle and you might get annoyed about it . 
  * i need physical and verbal affirmation to counter con # 1 . 
  yes i do , and it 's wonderful !, 
  all of the delivery drivers love him , and it 's funny how much you get used to having him there . 
   i work for my dad , so i 've been able to bring him in every day since he was nine weeks old . 
  hello robin from england !, 
  i 've just woken up , and the first thing i thought was `` i have to go ask robin a question on her ama ! '', 
  so , you know , i try and put my priorities right in the morning . 
  i love the six duchies books more than any other series , particularly * tawny man * . 
  my favourite thing is how you bring your characters to life through such small things - the fact that the fool loves apricots , or that fitz always thinks of a certain scent around molly , or how disorganised patience is all the time . 
  i was just wondering what your favourite small details are that your characters have introduced ? 
  i 'm so excited for fitz and the fool , by the way . 
  their reunion in * fools errand * made me cry , so i 'm hoping for the same effect when they see each other again this time around !, 
  nope . 
  we were 16 and silly teenagers . 
  he cheated on me several times with my best friend ( at the time ) , and me being a ridiculous naive teenager still took him back . 
  by the looks of it he still has n't changed at all , and it 's now twelve years later . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm keeping my fingers crossed for a guy to turn up soon who thinks the same thing . 
  awww thank you !, 
  that 's so sweet of you to say so !, 
  that 's very reassuring to hear as well , so thank you . 
  [ this is a full answer on the royal.gov.uk website ] ( http://www.royal.gov.uk/monarchuk/queenandgovernment/queenandvoting.aspx ), 
  the queen and her family never vote or stand for election to any position , political or otherwise . 
  this is because the queen 's role is to provide continuity and the focus for national unity , and the royal family 's public role is based on identifying with every section of society , including minorities and special interest groups . 
  with the removal of hereditary peers from the house of lords in 1999 , the royal dukes ( the dukes of edinburgh , york , gloucester and kent ) ceased to be members of the house of lords and therefore became eligible to vote in elections , and to stand for election . 
  but members of the royal family do not exercise these rights . 
  to vote or hold elected positions would not be in accordance with the need for neutrality . 
   he does n't stop after i say it once or twice , he only stops after i get upset about it . 
   he said , `` well you say no but if i keep trying you will eventually say yes '', 
   he said it is too hard to stop when i tell him to . 
  this guy is treading massively , * massively * dangerous ground and is already ignoring his girlfriend 's refusals until he gets what he wants . 
  i do n't think it 's a big assumption to make at all . 
  we eat corn on the cob occasionally , usually with hefty slabs of butter melting over the top . 
  i guess i might have it twice a year with bbqs ? 
  otherwise there 's lots of tuna and sweetcorn mixes available for sandwiches . 
  when i see an apartment listing it 's normally for something big , new and fancy , or the estate agent just wants to look impressive . 
  flats are still flats , no matter how flashy the house listings try and look . 
  for sure . 
  i 'll read three or four fantasy books and then take a break for some historical fiction , or maybe crime just to refresh my head . 
  i also tend to listen to a lot of soundtracks , especially lord of the rings and the hobbit so i kind of immerse myself for a while . 
  right now i have a lot of academic history study going on so fantasy is actually a nice break from that . 
  i 'll probably get two or three messages a day if i 'm actually using the site and updating my profile or looking at others . 
  when my activity drops off i might get ... oh , one message every two weeks maybe ? 
  about 60/70 % are just generic ` hey ' , or ` you 're so hot ' kind of messages . 
  no , i do n't reply to them . 
  they did n't put in the effort to write to me , why should i write to them ? 
  anyway , most of the time guys who write things like that live wayyyy away from me , so i do n't know what they want from me anyway . 
  i 'm about 80 % more likely to reply to a message that a guy has made an effort to write for me . 
  why would it be a sign of desperation if he 's taken time out to read about me as opposed to just look at my picture , press ctrl + v and then click on by ? 
  it honestly depends how arsed i can be to write a message . 
  i go through phases of use of online dating as it 's just so much * work * . 
  sometimes i 'll send two or three messages over a few days . 
  right now i 'm quite apathetic about the whole thing , so it might be one message every two weeks . 
  i normally read his profile , pick one or two things out that i can relate to and write a note based on that . 
  nothing novel-sized , of course , and normally in a cheery tone .
