  we call your chips crisps . 
  hardly any of them . 
  bottle of white or rose wine . 
  she got together with these men because she * wanted to * , same as if you dated around before you met her . 
  sex is fun !, 
  why would n't you want to do something that was fun ? 
  she had no ties to you , she was free and single to do as she pleased . 
  if you think it 's an issue , then go find someone who fits with your mindset . 
  frankly , as long as she had safe sex and used protection with all of them , i do n't see what the issue is . 
  she 's an adult . 
  she can choose who to share her body with , and it 's your issue to take offence about it . 
  you write for * you * . 
  you cook for * you * . 
  the point of doing these things is to make you feel good , not to be ` the best ' . 
  i 'm sure there are loads of things that you 're good at that your housemate is n't , you just need to find them . 
  also , just consider - your friend now has three * years * more practice in writing because you have held your own practice back . 
  just give it a go !, 
  do you think van gogh or tchaikovsky or jk rowling or tolkien created amazing things the first time they tried them ? 
  of course not . 
  they got better by doing them over and over again . 
  that 's what you need to do too . 
  * runemarks * by joanne harris ( of * chocolat * fame ) . 
  it 's really really good !, 
  it 's a fantasy tale based around the norse myths , so it involves odin , loki and different members of the norse pantheon . 
  she 's got a very sharp , funny style of writing and it really hooks you in . 
  started when i was 30 , and i feel much better for having that extra amount of life experience and patience . 
  i feel like i can handle the workload with a bit more work/life balance , and most of what the kids say or do just rolls off my back . 
  when i was in my early 20s i would have taken a lot of their attitude a lot more personally than i do now . 
  because two girls live in this house and you are the guest , so * put the fucking seat down * . 
  yes , i had annoyance issues with the last guy i dated . 
  all of mine so far are text , and the one i keep saying i 'll get in the future is text as well . 
  words just mean more to me somehow . 
  uh , no idea . 
  i guess i 'd call my wrists [ arial italic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yggxcfy.jpg ) but the one on my back is much loopier . 
  why not talk to your breeder friend , explain the situation and see if you can set up a lunch with the three of you ? 
  as a responsible breeder she should be demanding about the potential owners she sells to , and she 's really the one who 's much better placed to get the honest truth across to dee . 
  she 'll be delighted to meet a potential breeder , the breeder will be happy to give her the facts and you 'll have helped get the right message over without making your position precarious . 
  if dee then pesters you afterwards about puppies , you can just tell her `` i really do n't know , [ friend ] is the best one to ask those questions . '', 
  edit : also , you could express the money thing that a healthy well bred dog will live somewhere around 12 years , right ? 
  entirely breed dependent , of course - but that 's # 100 a year . 
  the same as a gym membership , or less than a car payment . 
  that 's pittance when you consider you 're getting a devoted constant companion in return . 
  as of yesterday our school decided to ban them unless the child has had it approved by sen. good riddance in my opinion - i saw a lady selling a whole stall of them in ipswich town centre on saturday . 
  they 're not a focus aid , they 're a sodding toy . 
  mainly that they were bred to independently find birds , which means they have a mind of their own !, 
  labs and goldies are generally happy to come back on a walk - my older setter is getting more and more stubborn and more selectively deaf every time we go out . 
  oh he 'll come back , but it 's when he decides to drift back towards us and not a moment before . 
  also , ca n't forget the grooming needs for our gorgeous laveracks . 
  henry 's coat needs constant maintenance for knots and potential matts . 
  it 's essentially the setter version of `` oh no , you guys go on !, 
  entertain yourselves . 
  i 'll just catch up to you later . '', 
  right ? 
  we 've had our laverack henry since he was a puppy , and he 's the drifter so he will eventually come back . 
  i do n't think we 're * ever * going to be able to trust our rescue llewellyn william though . 
  i could let henry off on an empty beach when the tide is out and trust he 'll be okay . 
  i 'm not even sure of that with william !, 
  he 'll just be gone after the seagulls in a white blur . 
  i do love technophobia by lucymonster . 
  it 's short , but very funny and has a great rapport between tony and bucky . 
  linkao3 ( 2840963 ), 
  edit : i 've just realised this is post ws , and you wanted post cw !, 
  still a good read though . 
  sure there is . 
  you want to do it better next time and get a better grade . 
  that 's a perfectly valid reason , and i 'm sure he wo n't mind . 
  if you 're in a face to face conversation with someone who you want to like you ( an interview or a date maybe ) , subtly copy their body language . 
  for instance , if they have one arm folded on the table , you do that too . 
  it makes the other person feel that you are on the same wavelength and that you understand each other . 
  i cried and cried for the last two chapters . 
  it was n't beautiful , but it was so right . 
  i could n't bring in my history work folder because my little brother spilt coffee on my sociology folder . 
  from a 17 year old . 
  i. . . what ? 
  i so thought we 'd get a hint of verity-as-dragon !, 
  when bee is still in the plaza and talking to nighteyes , he mentions `` i have a friend nearby who could help '' - he must have meant verity !, 
  i so wanted bee to get away and find him . 
  i finished ** assassins fate ** by robin hobb on sunday ( we got it a bit earlier in the uk ) and just cried for the last two chapters . 
  such an emotional book for so many reasons , and it drew so many threads together from hobb 's liveships and rainwilds trilogies . 
  a heartbreaking and cathartic book , and such a satisfying read . 
  as someone who finished it on sunday - savour , savour , savour . 
  it 's * so * worth taking it all in . 
  people do n't have an unconditional amount of love that will last no matter what . 
  he wants to see his loving kids - fine . 
  but he has to help * encourage * and * develop * that love , and screaming at you or your sister is not going to do that . 
  he ca n't do those things , then say `` but i love you '' and expect you to just say `` well , that makes it okay then ! '' . 
  that 's not how a healthy relationship works . 
  secondary teacher in suffolk . 
  once you qualify as a teacher you can go anywhere !, 
  i 'm struggling a bit at the moment as my work is too near cambridge for renting to be cheap , but living further out gives me a 40min petrol guzzling commute , soooo ... swings and roundabouts . 
  my pay will go up from september though , which will be handy , and suffolk countryside is so pretty . 
  i 'd much rather be here than crazy london . 
  you ca n't get him back , because he never existed in the first place . 
  this * is * your boyfriend , and your boyfriend is emotionally abusing you . 
  you need to get out asap . 
  you said you 're in a different country - can you get home ? 
  do you have enough for a flight ? 
  such a great picture . 
  parker looks so relaxed !, 
  completely ridiculous and inane .
