  it 's just so hypocritical as well . 
  reddit 's first rule : be attractive/don ' t be unattractive except for makeup because it 's deceptive so just , you know , go without , * girls * . 
  i imagine it was more of the breastfeeding issue that meant it was changed rather than any demand for a separate women-only space . 
  so , you know , blame the babies . 
  my hair , because i constantly mistreat it with colour and heat and yet it rewards me by being thick and soft and glossy . 
  thanks , hair . 
  i also really like the arch of my feet and how narrow they are . 
  i always think they look pretty when i point my toes !, 
  i also have a lovely cursive tattoo between my shoulder blades which i adore . 
  no clue , probably when i was a teenager . 
  i ca n't ever really reacting to the idea of it . 
  it 's just a body part doing something . 
  does that need a reaction ? 
  i 'm british . 
  we * live * class consciousness . 
  i 'm upper middle class and i do n't think i could jump that barrier into upper class unless i really made an effort to get my voice and clothes right , but that 's fine with me . 
  i think over here it 's harder to move up than down , and there 's no actual barriers to anything . 
  it 's got nothing to do with money , either . 
  you can be dirt poor and still very upper class , or filthy rich and still always be known as working class . 
  it 's just the way we work . 
  i can go and shop anywhere i want , but where i * choose * to shop ( waitrose vs morrisons ) , which newspaper i read , or what car i drive says loads about my class . 
  an old friend of mine i would peg as upper class , and meeting her friends was just so * intimidating * because of the way they held themselves or spoke . 
  saying that , a male friend of mine comes from a pretty middle class family , but the way he speaks and dresses pegs him as more of a posh boy than anything else . 
  i was ... thirteen ? 
  i think . 
  i was on a scout band tour ( of * all things * ) to belgium ( of * all places * ) and auntie flo paid me a very dramatic bunk-bed-soaking visit . 
  i have vivid memories of stuffing wads of toilet paper down my knickers until i finally fessed up to a helper who was with us and she gave me some pads to last the rest of the week . 
  in what way ? 
  rp voices and chavvy clothes or chavvy clothes and a posh voice ? 
  oh right !, 
  yes , i get you . 
  i do think there 's a big correlation here between being well spoken and well dressed or vice versa . 
  i think david beckham had voice coaching to make his accent match his better dress sense once he met victoria . 
  well done you !, 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  if it helps , you could be the voice encouraging the school to offer more scholarships for local working class kids ? 
  like i said in another comment , class really has nothing to do with money over here . 
  you can be dressed up to the nines in the latest stuff but as soon as you open your mouth , everyone can instantly peg you as a new money lower-middle wannabee . 
  or alternatively , if you have an ancient beat up old land rover that 's covered in dog hair , caked in mud and ( most likely ) has a tatty old tartan blanket in the back , you 're probably landed gentry . 
  op , coming here and asking for opinions on your situation and then ignoring 80 % of the answers in favour of the two that happen to agree with you is not helping you , your girlfriend or your situation . 
  open your mind up a little bit and * listen * to what people are telling you instead of just telling us that we 're all insecure and in denial . 
  maybe you 're actually the one that 's wrong here , and not us ? 
  turn off . 
  such a childish thing to do , like i 'm a toy only he can play with or something . 
  if you like marvel films at all / r/marvelstudios are a lovely lot and the mods have been so good about keeping a heavy lid on age of ultron spoilers . 
  a + work to them . 
  i also think the people in / r/fantasy are really genuine and cool , and they get some great authors popping in , like robin hobb , mark lawrence and brandon sanderson from time to time . 
  i think we just called the inbetween times ` breaks ' , so you had a fifteen minute break in the morning , then a ten minute break , then a lunch break , and a five minute break in the afternoon to change lessons . 
  why not have a look at the [ open university ] ( http://www.open.ac.uk ) ? 
  it 's designed precisely for adult learners to get back into education and studying , and you can start off with courses that are the equivalent of our a-levels to get you back into the swing of things ( have a look at their access courses ) . 
  you can choose any combination of courses you like to put towards a degree , or you can follow a specific route to a named degree . 
  the ou have really helped and supported me , and most people in my tutorial groups have actually been retired and want to keep their brain cells going . 
  at 30 , i often feel like the baby of the group !, 
  definitely have a look at them - right now is the perfect time to sign up for courses starting in october . 
  honestly honestly , the ou 's the best thing i 've ever done . 
  it 's a good article , but the only real thing that it misses is that the lib dem voting heartland was students , which it lost the moment it backed increasing tuition fees . 
  that 's a major reason the party was so decimated . 
  it 's had some tv coverage but not that much . 
  one of our engineers said yesterday `` oh , they 're saying cause of death of that guy in baltimore was head trauma '' , to which i pointed out it was maybe also the fact that his spine was severed , which he had n't heard of at all . 
  what do i think of it ? 
  i think your police are far , far too trigger happy , and this is exactly what happens when you have the crazily lenient american views on guns mixed in with massive amounts of racial tension . 
  i know the american answer to the uk gun viewpoint is `` but the bad guys will get all the guns !, 
  we have to defend ourselves !, 
  '' , but then you get confused that an armed government force will also do exactly that . 
  it does n't make much sense to me . 
  depends on the intro . 
  i hate the ointb song and skip that but i always watch the daredevil one . 
  it 's so pretty !, 
  my hobby is dog showing , which takes up a few weekends , but you do kind of need a dog to do that . 
  you could join the national trust , find some walks , go cycling ? 
  honestly , it felt incredibly random and forced to me . 
  we go from natasha in aa telling loki `` love is for children '' to natasha in aou saying `` i adore you . 
  let 's leave the team and run away together . '', 
  where did that come from ?? 
  if whedon had written in any kind of flirting in aa between them , i would get it . 
  instead we have natasha and clint being shown as really close , natasha wears the arrow necklace in winter soldier and then whoops !, 
  actually clints already married and natasha fancies bruce . 
  it did n't make any sense at all to me . 
  i 'm not a rabid shipper , but are you honestly saying there was n't any chemistry at all between clint and natasha in aa ? 
  it was all i saw !, 
  honestly , i just feel like whedon went totally off book not only from the film he wrote before and the universe he 's directing in but the comics too . 
  clint got a family that has never existed before , and natasha got put with the last single male on the team so she could make some comment about how she was a monster because she could n't have children . 
  i liked her line about how the rest of her friends were fighters , but the rest of it felt so forced . 
  plus , scarlett specifically said she went to whedon to ask about it because she was so confused by that plot !, 
  when your lead actress is confused by your script and the change in her character , you know somethings not right . 
  yes , exactly . 
  making the audience assume that something happened in that hand wavey three year period without any lead up to it is just lazy . 
  we did n't have to assume that tony and bruce liked to work together , or that fury and tony do n't really trust each other , or that steve and thor get along . 
  we got shown all of that . 
  so why does bruce and natasha , if it 's so obvious to whedon , have to have all happened off screen while we were n't looking ? 
  i 'm totally fine with natasha and clint being platonic friends and the necklace being a sign of that . 
  you can absolutely read their closeness as good friends and teammates . 
  it 's the sudden introduction of next available avenger as ` enduring love interest # 3 ' that irritated me . 
  where exactly ? 
  where in the course of aa and tws did natasha change her attitude about love ? 
  she says one thing in aa , gets a bit more trusting of steve in tws and then boom !, 
  `` i adore you , let 's run away together '' in aou . 
  if whedon had made their romance a little less of a 180 , or had even dropped some hints in during aa , i would be fine with it . 
  i 'm not fine with being expected to believe that natasha has done all of this developing off screen sometime between tws and aou , and we 're just expected to go `` oh , okay then !, 
  if you say so ! '',
