  it 's trying to give the impression of a very rural summer country show - look at the [ set dressing ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/976x549/p02bq7ms.jpg ) of wooden cupboards , big porcelain mixing bowls and antique scales with all the union jack bunting around . 
  very country chic , very wi . 
  well , maybe . 
  they only appear to use it at weekends too , which would make their own marquee hire easier . 
  i do suspect the cost of a studio hire is possibly offset by the cost of generator hire to run a lighting rig , fridges , ovens , and cameras , though !, 
  it depends entirely on what you want to do onboard . 
  i worked on a ship as an assistant stage manager/lighting technician , so i went through an agency that catered to entertainment staff . 
  ships are floating hotels , so you need to emphasise customer service skills over everything else . 
  i 'd say find out a bit about the different companies - royal caribbean , princess , regent , silverseas , norwegian and try applying through their websites . 
  bigger companies like royal caribbean have the bigger , newer ships with the cooler stuff , but smaller lines like regent ( who i worked for ) get to see better destinations . 
  i saw thirty countries in the six months i was onboard , but i was on a much smaller ship with less for staff to do . 
  work out which one you want more . 
  ship life is * really hard * , and you wo n't get a day off or a weekend for six months at a time , but it 's a hell of a lot of fun . 
  maybe like . . twice a month ? 
  but never for more than five minutes , and only ever to videos that show peoples actual faces . 
  i need visual and audible stimulation to get off , but once i 'm done , i 'm just kinda done , really . 
  i go back to facebook or tumblr or whatever for ten minutes , then fall asleep . 
   but i feel like dumping me on the spot is an overreaction . 
  you do n't get to decide this . 
  * you * fucked up ( twice !, 
  ) , so you do not get to call the shots here . 
  it does n't matter whether the page was empty or not , or you were doing it out of idle curiosity or not . 
  you screwed up . 
  you got found out . 
  she 's absolutely right for dumping you . 
  i like taking myself to the cinema , especially to see a big blockbuster hit . 
  two or three hours in the dark , big bag of chocolate all to myself and some fun action sequences on screen ? 
  i love it . 
  other things that are treats : sitting for aaaaages in a coffee shop going through hot chocolates and reading a good book , getting a haircut , staying at home all day and lazing around in bed as late as possible . 
  it 's fun !, 
  no one ever cares whether you 're there in a group , a couple or by yourself anyway , seeing as you 're sitting for three hours in the dark , and i love being able to splurge my way through a whole bag of maltesers and not give a damn . 
  the only downside is not being able to dissect the film with someone afterwards , but hey , that 's what reddit is for . 
  i swear by shock absorber bras - i 'm a 30g ( erk ) and do running and gymnastics with these babies - absolutely nothing moves . 
  they 're very snug around the ribs as well , so you wo n't get anything falling out of anywhere . 
  it depends . 
  i 'm buying slightly more higher end clothes lately rather than one season wonders , so i like fat face , hobbs , joules and next , and i 'll try to go to the local factory outlet to get hold of some good brands at better prices . 
  debenhams have good bras - m&s used to , but my local marks have taken out like half of their lingerie stock , so i ca n't find anything in my size now . 
  i used to shop in river island and h&m all the time , but their clothes have just become really shapeless on me . 
  i 'm not particular to anywhere for shoes . 
  nope , but i am a bit nutty about my puppy dog . 
  it varies loads . 
  over new years i drank an assortment of wine and cocktails pretty much every day for a week , but i have n't had more than one glass of wine since the 5th of jan. 
  i 'm more of a social drinker than anything else and i 'll usually catch up with my friends in a pub , but i like a nice glass of wine with dinner too . 
  hot fuzz . 
  i just loved the idea of blowing up a sleepy , semi-incestuous little country village that was deathly focused on it 's village in bloom award . 
  it 's so true . 
  working in the resource acquisition department for avengers tower would be mind bogglingly stressful and a hoot all at the same time . 
  `` you want ... a thousand miniature bullseye stickers ? 
  to go on hawkeye 's expenditure account ? 
  and twenty yoga mats for bruce banner ? 
  okay then ! '', 
  anything past 9 , as that 's when i 'm supposed to be at work . 
  i try not to get up before 10/10 .30 on the weekends . 
  i * crave * my warm snuggly bed with all its comfy , comfy blankets . 
  yeah , guys i go on dates with can get a bit pestery , which just makes me go off them even more . 
  it 's never anything abusive , it 's just * constant * `` hey '' `` how are you ? '', 
  `` what are you doing '' `` hey '' `` hey '' `` how was your weekend '' `` hey '' . 
  i fully admit to pulling a fade sometimes , but i just * wish * they would get the hint faster . 
  it 's exasperating . 
  it 's a really popular thing to do here in the uk as well . 
  lots of people i know took gap years . 
  what are you going to do with the ou ? 
  i 'm doing it full time ( glutton for punishment etc etc ) and in my third year now . 
  it 's a lot of work , but they 're very good . 
  i did when i was 18 . 
  i mostly just did retail work for the year , but at the end of it i did three months as a camp counsellor and sailing instructor with an american camp in pennsylvania , which changed so much for me . 
  i never got to do the travelling at the end of it that other counsellors did as scottish universities start earlier than english ones , but i grew enormously as a person . 
  it was a real turning point , and i 'm so glad i did it . 
  [ jennifer lawrence singing ` the hanging tree ' ] ( http://youtu.be/14h8oztzne4 ) from mockingjay part 1 . 
  it 's so * eerie * and wonderful . 
  fine . 
  i have an aversion to dating single fathers . 
  my life is too unpredictable to throw kids into the mix right now . 
  nothing in my shopping basket right now , but the last thing i put on my wishlist was [ the art of captain america : the winter soldier ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/marvels-captain-america-soldier-slipcase/dp/0785184449/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1421336115&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+art+of+captain+america+the+winter+soldier ) . 
  i love coffee table art books , and the one for guardians of the galaxy was * glorious * , so i really want to see all of the conceptual art for the winter soldier 's bionic arm and cap 's stealth suit . 
  robin hobb is particularly wonderful at characters , and her * assassin 's apprentice * trilogy is amazing . 
  edit : you can also download the woman 's hour podcasts by the bbc , which is an hour of women talking about issues that affect and matter to modern women . 
  it 's very good . 
  lots of baby announcements right now . 
  the wedding rush seemed to be last year , and this year is all baby photos . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  super depressing . 
  hah , mine went through that phase . 
  give it a few years , you 'll have a lucky core of two or maybe three posting amazing set photos/dance shots , and the rest will have given up and gone onto the wedding/baby train . 
  my techie friends have had more luck staying in the industry , but 80 % of the actors i know have thrown in the towel . 
  it 's a tough game !, 
  hah yes , i like the blueberry one best . 
  whatever they feel most comfortable with . 
  i have three cousins who spend their childhood and early teenage years in the states , and two of them moved back to the uk with my ( british ) aunt and uncle during secondary school . 
  one switched almost immediately back to british english to fit in , the other stuck with his american accent for a good few years because he found it worked better with the girls at his school . 
  they both now mostly sound english again , with a bit of an american accent . 
  i admit , i always do wonder what americans make of our shows that have heavy accents or fast speakers on !, 
  especially geordies or scousers . 
  my dad runs a telecoms company in the south of england , and had a job up in glasgow . 
  he actually had to hire my scottish uncle to act as a translator between his english engineers and the scottish ones , as the english could n't understand the scots !, 
  it 's not just foreigners who have the trouble !, 
  i went to an academically-selective all-girls school . 
  for seven years , the message i consistently heard was `` you 're all smarter than everyone else , you can do anything you want to , we expect the best from you . '', 
  it just stuck . 
  just because i 'm a girl does n't mean i ca n't be the smartest person in the room , whether it 's for english , maths , science , carpentry or sports .
