  enjoy it when they do accept and stop worrying that they do n't actually want to be there . 
  people do want to hang out with you . 
  i bet you 're a cool person !, 
  so let me get this straight . 
  a coworker asked you out . 
  you rejected them repeatedly . 
  when they finally wore down your resistance and got a yes ( after what , a year ? 
  ) , they then * moved in with you * ? 
  you tried to break up with them again , stayed together and then left the country but they 're insisting that you stay together ? 
  i 'm sorry , but really , grow a backbone and tell them * no * . 
  it has always been no . 
  you clearly never wanted this in the first place , and they sound like a grade a creep for insisting and insisting that you stay with them . 
  breaking up with them is more than reasonable - in fact , i 'd say it 's absolutely necessary . 
  take refuge here in being long distance , because it means you can cut off all means of communication and they ca n't just ` happen ' to run in to you . 
  tell them you 're sorry but you just do n't think you 're compatible any more and it 's over . 
  block their calls/messages/emails and breathe a sigh of relief . 
  i do n't understand why you hate the younger sister . 
  sure , the eldest sounds awful , but what did the youngest actually do to you other than be close to your other sister ? 
  if you do n't want to talk to them , fine , no one is making you . 
  you do n't * have * to be friends with anyone and you do n't have to be close to family . 
  but maybe it would make more sense that you did n't talk to the younger one if you had a real reason other than `` she 's like the older one '' . 
  to be honest , you 're coming across in this post as stubborn and as mentally superior as you say your older sister is . 
  my old friend did that to me all the time . 
  she was , and is , a terrible flake both to myself and our other mutual friend . 
  she never messages us , never responds to texts , emails , phone calls or facebook messages . 
  i have left about ten `` how are you ? '', 
  voicemail messages over the last two years that she has * never * replied to . 
  ever . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  the worst example of her behaviour is when she ( c ) and our friend ( e ) agreed to meet for a drink , e checked with c if they 'd still be meeting up , c said she was sorry and would have to drop out as she was ill , and then posted on facebook the * same night * that she was out at the pub with her brand new flatmates . 
  e was livid , and since then neither of us have really made the effort with her to meet up , because it can almost be guaranteed that she wo n't respond . 
  it 's a shame , because i love c to bits and she 's a great girl but she is a terrible friend . 
  real friends make the effort to meet up with you . 
  it 's a two way conversation , and one person putting in all the legwork all the time does n't make anything fair . 
  taking advantage of them ? 
  they pestered you for a * year * . 
  you have zero need to feel guilty about any of this . 
  you do n't need to take responsibility for anything . 
  you just need to do what you should have done in the first place ; break up with them and stick to it . 
  you do n't need a reason for the breakup . 
  `` it 's not working any more '' is fine . 
  you ca n't be the true love of their life if you 're not in love with them . 
  they will move on and be okay . 
  go live your own life and not the one they want you to have . 
  i like sexual things based on mutual attraction , not out of a need for sex . 
  prostitution is around because people decide they * need * sex , so they 'll just go buy some . 
  i 'd rather wait a bit longer and get together with someone i like and who likes me rather than go buy a rent boy/male escort for the night . 
  any abrupt change looks bad , no matter whether it 's over money , sex , or social preferences . 
  no one likes a bait and switch . 
  just carry on being ordinary , modest and discreet . 
  no need to outright lie about it just to ` test ' someone . 
  being self employed also does n't guarantee that your business will always pull in the big bucks - my dad has been self employed for the last thirty years , and as everywhere , business is a roller coaster life . 
  just keep things cool , be ordinary and trust that the women you date are n't going to demand your latest pay cheque before you get to know them . 
  two slices of hot buttered toast and a cup of tea . 
  i 'll eat properly tomorrow . 
  i 'm a brit , but we were in california when pirates of the caribbean first came out , and i was seriously taken aback when the whole cinema clapped and cheered at the end . 
  maybe it was because we were in anaheim , therefore disneyland , but it was really odd . 
  when i saw it again in the uk , i was actually quite disappointed at how reserved and silent the british audience were !, 
  i 've got latin tattoos on my wrist too , so i 'd have a fun time with you talking about how we match etc etc. 
  also , double and triple check your latin grammar and spelling , please please please . 
  but if you 're worrying about what other people think , do n't get it . 
  get it for * you * , not for anyone else . 
  i could n't care less what people think of my wrists . 
  [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3j2rq0x.jpg ) are my wrists , for reference . 
  it says ` terras irradient ' and i 've had them about ... seven years now . 
  yup , got that one too . 
  sweet , but a little cliche . 
  i think your * intentions * were good , but your actions were misplaced . 
  stopping just to tell them they were going the right way ? 
  kind of redundant , you know ? 
  if you had stopped to tell them they were going the * wrong * way it would have made much more sense . 
  i do n't think you 're doing anything wrong at all , and it 's nice that you like to help people out , but do n't let your tour guide training make you think you need to help people just for the sake of helping them . 
  it sounds like the ladies were just having a nice day strolling through the park , and i doubt they would have been much bothered if they * had * got a little lost . 
  maybe next time just briefly ask yourself ` what am i really trying to do here ? ' . 
  if you 're helping just for the sake of being the good tour person , then maybe it 's not always necessary . 
  do n't worry - there was no harm done . 
  it 's just a lesson for the future is all . 
  i would always wake up early on saturday mornings to watch x-men and teenage mutant hero turtles . 
  yeah gambit and leonardo !, 
  terras irradient means ` let them bring light to the world ' . 
  i trained and worked as a lighting technician so i would quite literally be bringing light on to the stage . 
  as for what / u/darklyglass was saying , dum spiro spero means ` while i breathe i hope ' , and ad astra per aspera means ` through adversity to the stars ' . 
  your mum ca n't take the car from you . 
  it 's not in her name . 
  she does n't have ownership of it . 
  technically if she 's not on the insurance it 's actually illegal for her to be driving it in the first place . 
  next time she asks to use it , i would apologise and say `` sorry mum , i 'm not happy about you driving it . 
  i do n't like the smoke , and you 're not on the insurance . 
  you 've got your car , though . '', 
  and then make sure you have the keys and she ca n't get them . 
  if she 's so adamant about not driving hers , she can sell it for a smaller , cheaper one . 
  come on . 
  your mum is the grown up here and * she * is the one acting like a teenager . 
  put your foot down . 
  it wo n't kill her to drive her car again and to learn that she ca n't just walk all over you . 
  to become a secondary school teacher . 
  i 'm doing a new degree in the subject , i 'll be applying this autumn and hopefully i 'm just two years away from being qualified . 
  the [ edinburgh tattoo website ] ( http://www.edintattoo.co.uk/ ) . 
  it 's the important facts that make life interesting around here . 
  i see military police around occasionally , but that 's because i live in a garrison town , so the army presence here is larger and they have their own police force to deal with squaddy problems .
