  right now i 'm always nipping back to / r/marvelstudios to see the latest mcu news or gossip , and from there i tend to rotate between / r/askuk , / r/fantasy , and the ever-dramatic car crash that is / r/relationships . 
  honestly , it 's better that she 's broken off contact for now . 
  it does n't mean that you can never talk or be friends again , but it does give you both the space to get over each other and let things settle down . 
  give her space and do n't force it . 
  it 's for the best . 
  never heard of it , no idea what it is . 
  i do n't follow cricket in the slightest . 
  well , you 've just said that you have to work and you ca n't stop , only because if you do n't work then you feel guilty . 
  that does n't sound like anything ` letting ' itself get changed , it sounds like you actively stopping it changing out of stress and fear . 
  maybe you need to work on alleviating some of that guilt about having leisure time so you can get some of your own personal time and humanity back again ? 
  to be fair , even hitler had a girlfriend . 
  so it does work !, 
  i see it as lots of things . 
  partly vocational training for sure - both my first degree and this current one i 'm doing with the aim of getting into specific careers , but higher education is also a way of delving deep into a subject that fascinates you personally . 
  i 'm doing my second degree through the open university , which is a distance learning institution here in the uk , and a lot of my fellow students are retirees who want to keep their brain cells active by studying all sorts of things that interest them . 
  you can do what 's called an ` open degree ' , which is a degree made up of every kind of module that takes your fancy rather than just doing a history ba or physics bs . 
  i think that 's great , and i want to keep going back for more all through my life . 
  i definitely do n't think he is just for us youngins ' , it 's for everyone who really wants to learn . 
  but hey , maybe that 's my deeply-buried ravenclaw side coming out as i 'm getting older . 
  try changing the time of day that you run ? 
  i find my runs are more effective and easier to do in the evenings rather than mornings , because i have more energy from the food i 've eaten during the day . 
  i generally struggle in the mornings but can knock it out in the evenings . 
  just try switching things around and see what works !, 
  well done !, 
  keep that good feeling going !, 
  i hate cooking and my dad and brother are both amazing at it , so i would 100 % prefer a man who loves to cook . 
  i tend to prefer tighter clothing when i 'm exercising as there 's less chance it will catch on something , and when you 're doing gymnastics and leaping over stuff , that 's pretty damn important . 
  i also like my lycra leggings over cotton jogging bottoms when i 'm running as they 're actually easier to move in . 
  also , i think wicking fabrics need to be next to the skin to take sweat away , and that 's what a lot of exercise kit is being made from now . 
   but why would the female models for their ads consent to be objectified ? 
  because they get paid for it ? 
  i tend to go with a smart dress ( neutral colours , not too short or low-neck , knee-length ) with tights , blazer and heels over trousers , as i 'm never 100 % comfortable with sitting in office trousers , and interviews are all about being comfortable in what you 're wearing . 
  do n't even worry about comparing yourself to anyone else . 
  you 're getting out there and doing the runs , that 's all that matters !, 
  week 2 is done , you can absolutely go and smash week 3 . 
  it first turns up in [ the kyln escape ] ( http://youtu.be/dh_tqi7qt9w?t=2m19s ) about 2m 20s with the standing at the door bit , but the best version of the theme ( imho ) is in [ black tears ] ( http://youtu.be/vbzbkgfb2uu ) where it all comes together for the big ronan standoff . 
  this is a lovely sub , and everyone wants everyone to succeed !, 
  just remember , you are * always * going to have bad run days , but getting out there the next time and trying again is all that matters . 
  having a quick listen to a youtube interview of his , i 'd say it 's more of a well rounded home counties accent . 
  he certainly sounds well educated and has quite long vowel sounds - someone else will know the technical term for it . 
  i would n't immediately say eton if i did n't know better , but public school educated rp seems to fit quite nicely . 
  i like it . 
  i use it pretty inconsistently , but i 've had some good messages so far , and i do n't think i 've had any particularly dodgy ones . 
  i sort of view it like being in a bar - all i see is a cute face and i do n't know anything about the guy , whereas on okc etc it 's easy to talk yourself out of chatting with someone because you see that you like dogs and they like cats ( or whatever ) . 
  he 's twenty three years old . 
  he 's a grown man and can date who he likes , when he likes , and if you try and dictate all these silly rules about when he can play sleepover , then of course he 's going to be standoffish with you . 
  you 'll just have to learn to live with the fact that your little boy is growing up and flying the nest , because it wo n't be changing any time soon . 
  `` son , i 'm sorry things did n't work out . 
  there 'll be another nice girl in your life sometime soon . 
  you 'll need to pay [ x ] amount in rent to us to cover your bills and help us cook dinners/do chores . 
  it 's nice to have you home . '', 
  also , have some faith in your son that he can manage his life . 
  you brought him up after all , did n't you ? 
  it sounds like you 're throwing around the word ` love ' like you really * want * it to mean something , but what you actually mean is `` i 'm too scared to actually cut you off and i do n't want to think about you with other people . '', 
  she 's not in love with you . 
  how were you even stable enough for those six months to fall in love ? 
  you both cheated on each other , and even now she ( and you ? 
  your ` other girls ' bit is ambiguous ) are off with other people . 
  just walk away , and go find someone that you 'll * actually * be faithful to . 
  i 'm still at home right now in essex , england , to save money , and my home town is very insular , so i 'd love to be elsewhere . 
  i 'm hoping to start somewhere new in september , so i 'm keeping an open mind about where in the uk i 'll end up . 
  number one choice would be edinburgh as i still have friends there and i 'm in love with the city , but i 'd be happy anywhere in cambridgeshire or suffolk . 
  maybe derbyshire ? 
  i looove the peak district rolling landscapes . 
  nah , not really . 
  it 's pretty easy to tell when people are playing it camp , but most of the time i just do n't even care enough to try and guess . 
  i do work with a guy who had absolutely * no idea * that one of our summer staff was gay , though , and kept trying to encourage him to take up an invite from a girl that was hitting on him . 
  his face when the rest of my team basically asked `` are you * completely * oblivious ? '', 
  was hilarious . 
  sounds like there 's a pattern here . 
  maybe you should start learning better strategies for getting over exes . 
  also , you ca n't pin all the blame for cheating on someone else . 
  it takes two to tango , after all . 
  depends entirely on how you feel . 
  i had a two week break over christmas and new years and jumped straight back in where i left off in week 7 . 
  i took it * super * slow , but i did 25 minutes without a problem . 
  if you feel more like dropping back to w6 or 5 , do that instead . 
  just give things a go and see how your body responds . 
  well done !, 
  just getting out there is the hardest bit . 
  if you 're happy to meet up , go meet up !, 
  i 'd rather meet online dates sooner rather than later anyway , as you can build totally unrealistic expectations through messages alone , and meeting them soon sets it straight . 
  go with your gut , tell someone where you 're going , and have fun . 
  my newest favourite is one i got yesterday from a dan carlin hardcore history podcast : ** `` history is the autobiography of a madman . 
  '' ** so true !, 
  i really want to put that on the wall of my future history classroom . 
  my other favourite is from robin hobb 's book * assassins apprentice * : ** `` when considering a man 's motives , remember you must not measure his wheat with your bushel . 
  he may not be using the same standard at all . '' **, 
  i just generally think of myself as a cool , likeable girl , i suppose . 
  i 've done loads of travelling , worked in some amazing places , i 'm pretty smart , i 've got some really close friends and i know my own mind . 
  i know who i am , and i like that person . 
  i generally find it easy to love myself , and on the days when i * do n't * love myself , i can still find things i like about who i am and what i 've done so far . 
  i try really hard not to focus on the bad stuff , because i can always change the fact that i have flabbier arms than i used to , and think about the good stuff instead , like how my best friend thinks i 'm great , so i must be kinda cool . 
  my mum and i are squabbling more lately , and she frustrates me * so easily * , but more and more i 'm putting that down to the fact that we 're really really similar people , so we know exactly how to rile each other up . 
  she makes all of these ` suggestions ' and then gets all arsey if you decide to do something else , and she can be such a * snob * sometimes , argh . 
  i 'm so looking forward to being able to move out and put some distance between us from august , because i think that 's the only way we 're really going to be able to stop arguing all the time . 
  i love her so damn much , but she drives me * nuts * , and having to be in close quarters right now is just making things worse . 
  i do . 
  i like being single and handling my own needs and desires , and sometimes i do wonder if i 'm the strange one for not apparently having this need for a relationship , but eh . 
  someone great will turn up when they turn up , and that 's fine with me .
