  being a woman does n't hold me back from doing anything at all . 
  i do n't like them . 
  i can totally understand farmers or people in * seriously * rural areas owning them , but i do n't think the general population , or police officers on the beat should have access to guns . 
  guns are made for killing , and the american approach of `` there 's been a shooting !, 
  let 's give more people more guns to protect themselves ! '', 
  just totally baffles me on every level . 
  at a pub , i like a gin and tonic . 
  at a bar i like a nice fruity , citrusy cocktail with rum in . 
  sports . 
  i 'm not sure why we tend to pluralise stuff more , but it 's always `` i 've got maths homework '' or `` i like playing sports '' . 
  science is generally kept singular ( `` i have double science this afternoon '' ) unless it 's deliberately being referred to as physics/biology/chemistry combined ( `` she 's studying one of the sciences at uni , i do n't know which one . '' ), 
  unfortunately this is always going to be a guessing game with every different date you go on , so you 'll just have to learn how to play it by ear rather than setting down one hard rule . 
  usually if we split dinner or he buys dinner , then i try to buy the drinks . 
  if we 're just drinking , i find guys like to be the first ones who buy ( as in , they talk me down when i get my wallet out ) , and then i put in for the second round . 
  some girls are just going to be really cheap and let you pay for everything , because some people are just like that . 
  others will split it with you . 
  it depends entirely on who you end up dating . 
  i 'm ... confused as to how that stops hiccups . 
  drink water , sure . 
  but where does the towel help ? 
  you 're only stuck because you 're keeping yourself there . 
  you 're tired and want to wind down by watching tv ? 
  that 's fine and totally understandable , but do that six days a week . 
  one day a week , do something different . 
  anything . 
  find a club for a hobby you even vaguely enjoy that meets after work and start going . 
  if you keep going , and keep putting yourself into it ( because you enjoy it , do n't just do it for the sake of it ) then you 'll get to make new friends . 
  you might even end up with some new responsibilities to take on that will shake up your life a bit . 
  you need to take charge of your own life , otherwise you 'll look back in five years and realise you 've gone absolutely nowhere and done nothing at all . 
  it 's not hard to shift tracks . 
  you just need to make a couple of small changes and let the rockslide start to grow . 
  well , exactly . 
  that 's why i 'm suggesting that they start something really little that they do n't really have an excuse to avoid . 
  going all out and throwing yourself into something five days out of seven , even when it 's fun , is going to burn anyone out . 
  just starting * something * new is half the battle won . 
  crispbreads with a topping of french garlic roule cheese , goats cheese and parma ham , a muller light lemon yoghurt , an apple , a handful of pretzels and normally a chocolate bar or something . 
  i buy it all early in the week , which saves me money , as i spend like # 12 in total , rather than going to the co op every day to buy a sandwich and crisps for # 6 . 
  mum , dad , best friends l , e and s , my american friend k , other friends , z , c and zs . 
  i 'd love to put my scottish friend m as number 10 , but although we 're good * friends * , we 're not necessarily that close . 
  if you 'd asked me a year or eighteen months ago i would have put my friend c in there too , but she seems to have cut contact for no reason i can figure out . 
  it 's a shame , as i do miss her . 
  disneyland , japan , new zealand , rome , moscow , austria and switzerland . 
  there are so many places i want to see !, 
  ohhh no , do n't start pushing off * your * insecurities on your girlfriend when you fully admit that it 's you are the one who is distrustful and controlling . 
  you 're already snooping through her phone , apparently going through years worth of messages ( and tallying the number of endearments she uses ! ), 
  just to try and find something that you apparently already think is there . 
  this is * your * problem , not hers . 
  do n't try pawning it off on her . 
  you said it yourself , if they wanted to get together when they were single , they already would have done . 
  you need to sort yourself out , asap . 
  of course they are . 
  not even celebrities are attractive to all people , and ` great facial features ' means totally different things to different people . 
  have you never looked at a friends choice of partner and been like `` well , okay then , if that 's who you fancy ? '', 
  i would pick well-written fanfic on ao3 ( archive of our own ) every single time over mainstream literotica . 
  when people get into their characters they * really * get into their characters , and good fic can be downright sweltering . 
  like / u/firefawkes23 and / u/little _ lion said , go have a hunt through any big fandom on there and filter by the number of hits and by ` explicit ' . 
  maybe stay away from anything that mentions alphas and omegas in the summary , as that 's a weird quirk of fandom right now that you might want to leave for another time , but anything else that 's at the top of the hits list should be good . 
  relative to the uk ? 
  i guess they are for subjects like guns , sex and politics . 
  guns and self-protection skews a bit close to the line , as most brits would be anti-gun and the other europeans/aussies/kiwis in here * generally * agree with that , but the heavy american presence of reddit generally weights it in the other direction . 
  a nice hot cup of tea from the nearest coffee stand works for me . 
  the co op ones are tragic too , but m&s salt & vinegar sticks are heavenly . 
  honestly ? 
  i could n't care less whether you 're interested in me because of my looks , humour , sparkling intelligence or winning personality . 
  it just does n't matter , just as long as you * are * interested , and you 're not just fucking me around for a shag or whatever . 
  be attracted to my looks , that 's 100 % fine by me , only as long as you 're thinking long term rather than just one night . 
  oh god , good steve/bucky fics are my jam right now . 
  so much emotion in two little characters !, 
  i 'm in the third and final year of my second degree . 
  this one 's in history and it 's a distance learning one , which i 'm doing on top of a full time job . 
  one module covers the greeks and romans and the second , which is the reading i 'm doing at the moment , is european history 1914-1989 . 
  i 've got an assignment due in for that second one in ten days time and i 'm still not caught up with all the reading i need to do for it , so ... slight panic time . 
  it 's incredibly interesting , though !, 
  tonight 's reading was all about media propaganda by the british , french and germans in ww2 . 
  what 's the point in putting ourselves on a pedestal ? 
  we can always learn things from other countries in order to improve our own system , and european countries are no exception . 
  you 're a little late into the game , but there are still places going and there 's a new scheme to train through independent schools that started this year . 
  i 'm applying for secondary 2015 pgce programmes , too . 
  every application for university-based training , school direct salaried and school direct unsalaried goes through ucas ( www.ucas.co.uk ) so nip over there . 
  there are two cycles , apply 1 and apply 2 . 
  apply 1 opened for initial applications back in november , and most programmes appear to go on a first-come first-served basis . 
  you apply for three programmes simultaneously in apply 1 . 
  if you do n't get offered a place in apply 1 , or turn down anything you do get offered , you automatically go into apply 2 , where you put applications in one at a time . 
  you can apply for any mix of programme type that you like or any subject that you want to teach . 
  providers generally expect you to have about ten days experience in a school , though different ones say different things about what they 're looking for . 
  apply 2 stays open through until september 2015 . 
  bear in mind that every pgce programme in england and wales also needs you to have passed governmental skills tests in literacy and maths . 
  no ifs , ands or buts , unfortunately . 
  it 's a pain , but not too terrible . 
  [ teach first ] ( http://graduates.teachfirst.org.uk ) is a whole new scheme of its own where you can train ( and be paid ) for two years in a low-income school and get qts ( qualified teacher status ) at the end of it . 
  on the other side of the coin is the new [ hmc scheme ] ( http://www.hmcteachertraining.org.uk/ ) where you can train for two years , get qts and a pgce and be paid in an independent school . 
  you apply directly to the schools through that scheme rather than go through ucas . 
  if you want to teach maths or a science subject there 's loads of opportunities . 
  hope that helps !, 
  my tumblr dash is * crazy * for lee pace/thranduil lately !, 
  i mostly blog marvel , but all i scroll past is lee . 
  oh , yes . 
  i still have a massive eames crush . 
  oh believe me , i am * so * there with you for the tom hiddleston love . 
  the man is beautiful and charming and * wow * , especially when you get him [ dancing ] ( http://youtu.be/zgqr3gdde2s?t=6m17s ) .
