  grow up , dude . 
  seriously . 
  this girl is not trying to ` command ' anything - she just does n't like animals that drool and moult to come in to the bed , which is your shared area for sleeping and sex . 
  that 's not a big ask . 
  if you find comfort in laying down with something warm ( the dog ) , then cuddle your girlfriend instead . 
  she 's not kicking your dog . 
  she 's not ignoring it or abusing it or being mean in any way . 
  she just does n't want the dog in the bed . 
  you want to cuddle ? 
  go lie on the sofa and cuddle the dog and leave the bed free for her to sleep in peace . 
  also , this ? 
   if i step out of line , it 's me who is breaking the agreement . 
  yes . 
  because you * made an agreement * and you are * breaking * it . 
  she has made a request . 
  you agreed to it . 
  stop thinking you can just sneak this thing past her and she 'll get over it if you just do it enough times . 
  relationships do n't work that way . 
  shops that actually realise that women have a ) hips and b ) boobs . 
  wtf is up with your designers , zara ? 
  we are not all androgynous flat chested ladies !, 
  they had such a pretty pinstripe dress in there a month ago , and not only could i not get it over my hips , i had to go two sizes bigger to get it to fit my boobs . 
  and it * still * was n't right !, 
  honestly , i really would recommend that you factor living in student accomodation in your plans . 
  i know you 're in love , etc etc - but if you 're 18 and going to uni in a strange country for the first time , you would be so much better off being with other new people where you can make friends . 
  have the whole british uni experience , not just the living-with-the-boyfriend experience . 
  you 'll never get to do it again after all , and you can live with a partner at any time in your life . 
  what if you meet , get a month into your first term and find out you 're just not compatible ? 
  you 'd be stuck without any accomodation and would have to pay far more to rent a room somewhere new without any backup social support . 
  give yourself that crash mat , just in case . 
  deep plunge/v-neck/scoop neck shirts . 
  can we swap ? 
  please ? 
  v-necks and scoop necks are the only ones that suit me , and everything in the shops is peter pan collars or high necks right now . 
  i want to scream . 
  ooh , i read a tip the other day that said putting a wrinkly top in the tumble dryer for five minutes with an ice cube will take wrinkles right out . 
  try it !, 
  it 's only once you get a full time job ( or two ! ), 
  that you actually really how easy school was !, 
  i * wish * i could go back to fifteen minute breaks in the morning , drawing at my desk and finishing at 3.30 in the afternoon . 
  honestly , enjoy it while it lasts , even if exams are killing you . 
  you 'll never get it back again . 
  you can do as much as you want to do , as long as you make time for it . 
  i 'm 29 and in a week i 'll work , see friends , go cycling , do an evening or two of gymnastics , go on walks and learn french with duolingo - and that 's before i fit in the extra part time studying i 'm doing !, 
  work will take up most of your time , but it wo n't take up * all * of your time . 
  kick arounds in the park and evenings playing games are still perfectly possible - you just have to make the effort to fit them in , is all . 
  you have so few responsibilities and so much freedom now !, 
  enjoy it , because you 're never going to get those six weeks of summer holiday freedom back , or the ability to just hang out with your friends * all the time * . 
  do n't be in such a rush and wish it all away now . 
  i used to work as a theatre technician doing lighting and sound for actors , comics and bands , so i 've seen all sorts of acts come and go . 
  working in the arts is hard . 
  it 's not just hard , it 's ** hard ** . 
  it 's a constant , constant grind to go from gig to gig , for pittance money . 
  sometimes audiences love you , sometimes they hate you . 
  i 've seen acts crumble when they set up all their stuff , are so pumped to play a great gig - and get ten people in the room , none of which are interested in their music . 
  then they have to strike everything , get their takings and trudge off home ( or to the pub ) at 1 or 2am . 
  actors have it worse , i think , as all of those auditions just mean one thing ; constant rejection for tiny little flaws they ca n't change . 
  at some point , i guarantee it , you are going to want weekends . 
  you 're going to want holidays , and eating out at restaurants , and a nice break at a hotel with your partner . 
  you 're going to want money in your life and some stability , and unless you really hit the big time , working in the arts just ca n't give you that . 
  by all means , do your music training . 
  play gigs . 
  do what you want to do . 
  but please , be realistic about all of this . 
  you have so few responsibilities when you 're 15 , it seems like you can just do this forever - but in the end you 're going to have to pay the rent and the water bill and your petrol to get to gigs , and get the shopping just to eat . 
  being in a band wo n't always give you that . 
  so give yourself a back up plan and some training in some other skill , just in case . 
  you 'll thank yourself for it when you 're 25 and sick of having no money because you 're always gigging , no matter how romantic that might seem right now . 
  the easiest place to make friends is just through people you 're working with . 
  if a group of them are going out to lunch , just say `` hey , mind if i join you ? '' . 
  if you do that a couple of times , they 'll automatically start inviting you along and assume you want to hang out with them . 
  talk to people !, 
  be chatty and likeable . 
  say yes to any invitation that gets extended , because you never know where it might lead . 
  if you 're open to meeting people , making friends is easy peasy . 
  approaching strangers is n't going to net you new friends as you need something in common with them . 
  join a club for a hobby of yours - cycling , board games , beer , whatever . 
  having at least one thing in common makes it much easier to talk to people and build proper friendship links , and then you can go from there !, 
  i 've already switched careers twice , and i 'm 29 . 
  i trained to be a freelance theatre technician , did that for six years and burned out , then tried pr . 
  did n't like it , went back on my old skills at sales . 
  now i 'm retraining to be a history teacher and i love it . 
  my mum changed her entire career from marketing to social worker when she was 50 and has never been happier . 
  do n't be afraid of change !, 
  i picked my university based on the connections it would give me for the field i want to be in , the graduate employment rate , and the fact that i loved the city it was in ( edinburgh ) . 
  it was a dinky little place , but the connections were * amazing * , and i 'd got a full time job before i even finished my studies . 
  totally worth it . 
  taxes and insurance are just background noise . 
  they 're just there , and no matter what you do they 're always going to be there , so there 's no point worrying about them . 
  focus on the more important things like hobbies and relationships . 
  taxes are never going to give you a cuddle at night , after all . 
  bc - before children . 
  but there are ways to cheat expenses on travelling , too - i worked on a cruise ship , so i got paid to see 30 countries in six months . 
  other people tefl or work their way around the world , or study abroad . 
  be clever with where you want to go , make it little and often and you 'll be fine . 
  because you realise that things like holidays , weekends and a social life with dinner parties somehow work their way up the list of things i want . 
  bills being paid are just as important as filling that creative spark . 
  if you 're clever , you can do both . 
  a lot of people are n't clever enough . 
  it 's just that simple .
