  i 'm single , but no , that would piss me the hell off . 
  i would probably tell him to please grow up , and it would n't be said very nicely at all . 
  i had this last week . 
  i went on a date with a guy who was , admittedly , very nice . 
  he was so nice in fact that he was * too * nice . 
  he just tried * so hard * to compliment me through the whole evening that it just put me off . 
  it was complimentary texts beforehand , ` you look stunning ' the whole evening , and basically a plea at the end to be my boyfriend . 
  we 'd only met for the first time that night !, 
  i wanted a date , not a puppy . 
  basically , just be cool . 
  be casual , do n't try so hard . 
  this guy tried so hard to be the gentleman that it came off rather a bit like frantic desperation to impress me . 
  it felt awful , but i have n't responded to his texts since . 
  i was just put right off . 
  i shave . 
  having to walk around with growing out hair unnecessarily would drive me complete batty . 
  sure , i do . 
  i 've been single for a while now , but i know i 'd like to get married in a pretty room at a stately home or country house , the general style of dress i 'd like , who i 'd have as bridesmaids and the fact that it would be great to have a swing band for the reception . 
  i 'm not * desperate * to have all of those things , but when i think about my future marriage , that 's what i imagine . 
  i think there 's always pressure on little girls to think about meeting prince charming and having a wonderful wedding , and plenty of women imagine what they 'd like to do for theirs . 
  or edinburgh . 
  if you want to be a grumpy sourpuss , by all means go ahead . 
  hate the world . 
  be miserable . 
  a monkish lifestyle is , i hear , highly underrated . 
  but if you do want to be loved and taken care of by a mutually admiring partner ( which i think you do ) , then i think maybe therapy , where you can figure out exactly * why * you feel so unloveable , would help you quite a bit . 
  you do n't have to be unhappy and alone forever if you really do n't want to . 
  also , as a side note , we really could not give a crap about dick size . 
  so that 's one problem sorted anyway . 
   because no one has ever loved me or thought i was n't hideous . 
  no one ? 
  no one ever in the whole world has thought you ( at the very least ) average looking ? 
  you do n't have one single redeeming point about your whole body ? 
  and you know this how ? 
  do you ask everyone on the street what they think of your looks ? 
   i do n't have to be unhappy but i have no choice in being alone forever . 
  yes you * do * . 
  you make it your choice not to end up like that by facing your problems , getting therapy and sorting out your own preconceptions . 
  how can someone else love you when you clearly hate yourself so very much ? 
   when attacking a mans dick size every time he says something unpopular stops being socially acceptable i 'll believe that . 
  i have never done that . 
  no one i know does that . 
  i have never once seen the media call out unpopular politicians or famous figures ( like ... i dunno , chris brown ) for having a small weiner , and if they did , then the person writing it was probably twelve years old . 
  it is no worse than women getting called out for looking ` tired ' . 
  as a brit , i 'm not hugely affected either way by american accents . 
  we just hear them * so much * on tv or film that they just lose any novelty . 
  the only real exception might be accents from the deep south , i guess ? 
  knightsbridge and chelsea are pretty much * the * areas of london to be if you 're stupidly , stupidly rich and have more money than you know what to do with . 
  there 's a reason that [ harrods ] ( http://www.harrods.com/ ) is situated in the middle of it . 
  i do n't like pushy , cocky , or aggressive men . 
  at all . 
  so no , it 's not accurate . 
  so you definitely should n't have gone to the strip club , and you should have put your foot down . 
  * however *, 
  your friends were total dicks . 
  when it 's your stag do and you say at the start of the night , totally sober , `` no strippers '' , then they should do * what the stag says * and keep away from the strippers . 
  it was n't difficult . 
  they should n't have shoved money in your hands and they * definitely * should n't have bought you a one on one lap dance , especially when it was clear that you were n't having fun . 
  so , yes , you screwed up and you need to keep an open line of conversation with your fiancee . 
  she 's justifiably mad at you . 
  you got wasted and had a lap dance . 
  not cool . 
  but seriously , you need to talk to your friends and tell them that what they did was also not cool , and it is largely their fault that you are now in the doghouse . 
  also , i think partly the fact that your fiancee is being too proud to talk to anyone about it is not helping the situation . 
  if she just opened up to one friend and said `` can you believe it ? 
  john got wasted and went to a strip club ? 
  what a jerk ! '', 
  then i 'm sure they would help talk her through it and get out some of her angst . 
  basically ; talk to people . 
  you need to keep listening to her , and let her get it off her chest . 
  she needs to talk to people to have an unbiased opinion on what is going on . 
  you need to talk to your friends and tell them that what they did was * not cool * . 
  and then hopefully some open communication will soothe feelings and smooth the road towards the wedding . 
  i hope you 'll both be okay . 
  his flat was too beige . 
  he was a lovely guy , but everything he owned was just so ... bland . 
  if there was a personality in there , i did n't see it . 
  yeah , but he 'd just redecorated . 
  he was so proud of it . 
  it was just that the only colours he had redecorated the whole flat in was white , brown and beige . 
  it was like he 'd just moved in , except he 'd been living there like five years . 
  oh , both . 
  the flat was just the topping on the generally beige cake . 
  honestly , he was the nicest , most stable guy you could ever wish to date . 
  it was just like i was walking into a brand new flat which had been decorated to appeal to every potential buyer - except he 'd been living there five years and had just redecorated . 
  it was so * sensible * . 
  i could n't hack it . 
  a younger , slightly less exciting version , yes . 
  that was exactly it . 
  there was not one exciting , interesting thing in the whole place , apart from maybe one framed football shirt . 
  it just kind of ... summed up everything about him . 
  generally , no . 
  just because * i * do n't think he 's tom hiddleston does n't mean everyone does . 
  i 'd probably say `` of course not , you have lovely eyes/face/shoulders / whatever '', 
  yup . 
  it would make me decide not to date him . 
  alcohol is fine . 
  smoking is not . 
  pot is not . 
  casual use of any substance is not okay for me .
