  asinine , but okay . 
  but saying you * do * do that , and you do concieve and have a kid - what then ? 
  will sex then be back on the table full time again , or will he refuse to do it all over again until you 're considering kid # 2 ? 
  after all , he 's set the pattern here ; no sex means no kids , means no potential financial burden . 
  will sex only * ever * be for procreation purposes with you two ? 
  you really have to take his argument to its logical conclusion , and then see how you feel about it . 
  if these are his rules for your married life , then i 'm really sorry , but i think you 're going to be incredibly miserable here . 
   see , in the future i do n't mind sex being merely for procreation, 
  but you do n't * know * that , because you 've never had it . 
  you do n't know how important it might be to you , or how you 're going to feel about it in ten years time . 
  think about how kissing him feels - how would you honestly feel if he took kissing off of the plate , and you were n't allow to do that any more ? 
  sure , it might well be that you end up feeling exactly the same way as him , and at 35 you are absolutely okay with once a month , procreationally productive sex . 
  but , i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say that you are absolutely going to crave the lovely warm intimacy that sex can bring to a relationship , and if he allows it and then takes it away , you are going to * miss * it . 
  oh sweetheart , do n't * ever ever * ignore your gut instinct . 
  that is practice and * life * telling you that something here is wrong . 
  logic is not 100 % infallible , and it does not make the argument correct every single time . 
  you are absolutely allowed to argue from an emotional standpoint and be right about it !, 
  having enough time and money to take holidays . 
  having a mortgage ( just because property is so fucking expensive , so affording a house is a pretty big tick in my box ) . 
  completing a life goal of any kind seems to be a good measure of success to me . 
  i think i 'm quite successful . 
  other people may not think it of me on the surface as i 'm single , almost 30 , living at home , changing career , have no real money savings and have debt that i 'm working off -- but on the other hand i 've completed one degree and i 'm close to finishing another , i 've travelled the world and worked abroad , worked at a couple of big name arts festivals , and have done quite well in my first chosen career before i 've moved on to a new one . 
  i 'm very very happy with my twenties , and it feels like a success to me . 
  okay . 
  i still do n't believe that an argument from an emotion-based point always fails against a logic one , and i think others here will agree that it 's not fair that he ` wins ' against your reasoning every single time . 
  we have guts and feelings and emotions about situations for a reason . 
  could you maybe give us an example of one or two of your arguments where his logical argument has trumped your emotional one ? 
  just so we can see where you 're both coming from . 
  i was in denmark last week and could access it there , too . 
  it was very frustrating to get back to the uk and be cut off again !, 
  there are two things going on here . 
  in the end it 's their wedding , and they 're perfectly entitled to make it an adults-only one if they want . 
  take advantage of the daycare and enjoy an evening with your husband and time away from the baby . 
  by the sounds of it , it wo n't just be your child in there and they 're not targeting you specifically , they just do n't like children . 
  they do n't * have * to celebrate having a new baby in the family if they do n't want to . 
  however , i * do * think your sister was really out of line to tell you you were selfish for not wanting to go against standard medical advice about flying while pregnant . 
  it 's not your fault that you 're having medical issues at the same time as her first wedding , and she was being incredibly childish about that part . 
  if it were me , i would go , enjoy the holiday , keep your head down and celebrate baby with the rest of the family , but be cordial with your sister . 
  let her have her choice of wedding and enjoy the day , but try just to let any snide comments she might make go over your head . 
  i 'm sure there will be plenty of nannas and aunts there to fuss over baby instead . 
  i 'm not fussed about dude , as i use that myself . 
  i do try and replace it just with ` op ' when i remember , so instead of saying `` listen dude , you should xyz '' it 's `` listen op , you should xyz '' . 
  it was so good , especially the last couple of episodes , and as it 's just 8 episodes it 's a perfectly packaged little run . 
  i loved it . 
  same here . 
  i like films so much more when i do n't know anything about them , and i want to enjoy aou as much as possible !, 
  no more trailer watching for me . 
  do you think so ? 
  i * loved * it , and i wish it was on release over here in the uk . 
  i had to stream everything , boo . 
  i thought it was really sharp , well made tv . 
  erk , i 'd just spoiler tag that last sentence if i were you !, 
  it was a bit of an unexpected reveal , after all . 
  my hobby is dog shows , so i 'd love to convince all of my friends to come along to a show or two with me . 
  you get to spend a whole day surrounded by gorgeous , happy dogs and buy lots of great stuff for your pets !, 
  they 're such fun days out and always have a really nice atmosphere to them . 
  loads of petting available !, 
  you just need to ask first , just in case the dog is about to go into the ring and be judged , but i make a fuss of as many of them as i can - and sometimes people bring their brand new puppies along for some socialisation time too . 
  awwwww , you should convince him just to try one with you for a morning !, 
  he probably thinks they 're all poncy , but they 're not that kind of place at all . 
  everyone is just there to show off how gorgeous they think their dog is !, 
  i spent last week in copenhagen all by myself going round museums and galleries and it was so much fun . 
   solo travelling somewhere new is the best !, 
  it has my gender and age right , but everything else has ` unknown ' . 
  not quite sure why !, 
  my hair 's coloured red as well , and it 's really thick and juuuust shoulder length . 
  i wash it every third day generally , though if i 'm feeling lazy i might spray a load of dry shampoo in and push on to a fourth day instead . 
  god i love dry shampoo . 
  it 's a miracle worker . 
  i 'll shower every day or every other day , though . 
  positive :, 
  * enthusiastic, 
  * independent, 
  * cheerful / optimistic, 
  * hard working, 
  * generous, 
  negative :, 
  * impulsive, 
  * arrogant ( not for everything , but for a lot of things ), 
  * impatient, 
  * tactless, 
  i hate calling myself arrogant , but i have to admit there are a lot of times where i privately think ` well , i could do that better ' . 
  it 's better to be honest with yourself , right ? 
  i ca n't find anything either . 
  you can stream it if you just google ` watch agents of shield ' . 
  i did that for agent carter and couchtuner is pretty good . 
  i 'm in the uk so i use boots own brand stuff . 
  it 's much gentler than veet or nair , i find . 
  i buy my glasses online from eyewearbrands.com . 
  get a check up from specsavers/boots/tescos , get your prescription ( and ask for your pupillary distance ) , try on a few different pairs that you like in the shops , take a note of the model number and buy it online . 
  honest to god , it 'll save you like 200 quid over high street shops . 
  vastly preferable . 
  300 % more attractive than ` hi babe , wot u doin ' . 
  it is * excruciating * listening to him try and explain cookies to the unwashed masses . 
  `` google calendar does n't recognise me . 
  i 've messed up the computer now . '', 
  for fucks sake ... 
  positives : it would be the shortest-lasting ban in history ? 
  i 'd be really taken aback and a bit uncomfortable . 
  `` i had fun , let 's do this again '' is really all i ever want to commit to on a first date .
