  quadruple belgian chocolate with choc chips ? 
  yes please !, 
  you can change course if you really really want to , but it 's a lot of grief so yes , most people grind it out . 
  you have to write a personal statement on your entry form all about exactly * why * you want to study that particular subject , and what courses you 've done already about it in order for the universities to accept you on their degree , however , so it 's kind of assumed that you like that subject enough to want to do three years on it in the first place . 
  yeah , it really does . 
  you have to start choosing preferred subjects and narrowing your choices down as early as year 9 ( age 14 ) , which can be really hard for a lot of people . 
  i always knew i hated science lessons and wanted to do something in the arts so it was easy for me to know what subjects i wanted to do for gcses , but for a lot of teenagers they just have no idea what they enjoy or do n't enjoy enough to choose . 
  i think maybe most women i meet tend to assume that intelligence impresses me most , as in knowing lots about a subject , or being book smart ? 
  i 've never asked ( of course !, 
  ) , but i guess that 's probably because i take a lot of time to warm up to people and become my normal gregarious kind of self . 
  i admire book smarts , but it 's passion that i like to see most of all . 
  i do . 
  i did n't really know five years ago , but now i 'm thirty i 'm pretty damn secure in who i am and what i want . 
  my twenties changed a lot of stuff for me , and pretty much all for the better . 
  edit : i think my real understanding of who i was came when i chose to do something ( or not do something ) because * i * wanted to , and not because someone else wanted me to . 
  being consciously aware of when i was making decisions * for me * helped me realise who i was and what i actually wanted in life . 
  hahaha , my relationships have been one bad luck story after another for like the last twelve years . 
  i 'm sure someone will come along and stick a plaster over it some day , but not quite yet !, 
  sometimes , if i can be bothered . 
  sometimes i just do n't really care . 
  threesquares is a pretty neutral sort of username anyway , although i always think it feels girly . 
  maybe it 's all the vowels and the q in the middle . 
  it 's nice to be pampered occasionally , of course , but i do n't want to pandered to . 
  i ca n't stand men who would want to run around after me , anyway . 
  i 'm not a princess , i 'm just a woman , and i want to date an equal . 
  ignoring the fact that it 's the usual heterosexual men vs women stuff that completely ignores how any gay relationship might operate ... 
  i dislike any advice that summarises `` men want this '' vs `` women want that '' . 
  sure , some women might want their partners to be more ambitious , or might want more of an emotional connection prior to sexual intimacy , but plenty do n't . 
  plenty of women want the total opposite . 
  i 'm also not sure i understand your last bullet point . 
  can you clarify what he means a little more ? 
  oh , definitely . 
  it 's easy to look at someone and be jealous of what you think that they have , especially when facebook basically exists for people to show off on . 
  i just try and remind myself that everything is n't as glamorous or as simple as a photograph makes it seem . 
  a friend of mine is particularly stunning and seems to be going to parties constantly , but i know she 's insecure , a total slob and seems to have an incredible ability to pick the worst boyfriends possible . 
  we all have flaws and problems and bad days , and things like snapchat is just the highlight reel , like a mini pr company for a celebrity might do . 
   patrice says no guy should feel a girl is out of his league . 
  that bit i agree with , and i think the idea of ` leagues ' and scores are stupid . 
  i also think it can be more of a case of the man projecting that he thinks a woman is above him rather than the woman being like `` well , you 're * totally * beneath me . '', 
  if i 'm not attracted to someone then i 'm not attracted to them , but i do n't think that i 'm somehow better than them . 
  in the uk we have the alan carr talk show , and he has a liquor cabinet on set that he pours drinks from for his guests . 
  they 're absolutely encouraged to have a couple and get a little tipsy during the recording . 
  big fluffy woolly socks , unless it 's summer and hot hot hot in which case i let my toes get a good airing . 
  i would , definitely . 
  for some reason , i am * always * the one to suggest meeting up first , never the guy , but i always get an enthusiastic response . 
  if it seems like you 're having a good time with the messages , then just suggest a drink or dinner and go from there . 
  i 've never tried queso !, 
  what 's it like ? 
  peanut butter and ... beef ? 
  really ? 
  does that work ? 
  it is kind of mean , yeah , but it 's not a really big deal in the great scheme of things . 
  i love that i did n't really know whether i was rooting more for matt or fisk right up until the end . 
  they wrote him so well !, 
  charlie cox has had a couple of interviews where he was talking about being tutored by someone who was blind in how to use his cane , read braille , everything like that . 
  there was an interesting one i was watching yesterday ( [ this one here ] ( https://youtu.be/dnf_kbzu6qu ) ) where he said he videoed the guy for reference , and noted how he actually engaged the muscles in his eyes in order to look at the person who was speaking , but would look more at the origin of their voice ( chin , mouth ) rather than hold their gaze like a sighted person would . 
  so i think they 've certainly put in their research to make it authentic !, 
  the other nice touch that i like is that they have dialogue where matt 's friend foggy tells him the visual gestures that other people make , like when someone nods or shrugs . 
  i think that 's quite sweet . 
  i love curly wurlys !, 
  they always make me feel five years old . 
  this question 's a universal one . 
  i do n't really go to am at all , but my gut feeling is that questions like this come up more as a deliberate antithesis to all of the dating questions that we get asked in here . 
  it 's a completely different kind of thread and so refreshing to read . 
  personally , i always try and post questions that are n't dating and relationships based at all , like questions about books , or stuff like this on food , or photo threads about hot celebrities . 
  we just really need some fresh air in here sometimes . 
  just seen it and loved it !, 
  i think i need a few days to decompress , but definitely will be seeing it again . 
  my initial instinct is that winter soldier and guardians are still my favourite , but this was really really good . 
  * i think it 's interesting how the russos and whedon clearly have different ideas about how the universe should be presented . 
  the russos say `` we want fury dead and in hiding incognito '' and whedon says `` i want him piloting a helicarrier just like the last one '' . 
  it 's just little bits of inconsistencies popping up , and it will be interesting to see which ones the russos run with and which ones they ignore for civil war onwards . 
  * thor was great !, 
  i loved how he was the smart one who figured the gem out . 
  * infinity stones !!, 
  * i 'm sure thor 's last line was something like `` four gems turning up in a short space of time '' , so clearly heimdall has been tattling about the guardian 's adventures with the power gem . 
  i 'm surprised no one called him out on that line , actually . 
  * love falcon 's throwaway line about chasing cold leads . 
  bucky is n't going to turn up that easily , boys . 
  * maybe i just like my crotchety matt fraction new york bachelor too much , but i was n't really sold on hawkeye 's family bit . 
  it just kind of happened , and i do n't really care about ` laura ' very much . 
  felt very shoehorned in and i 'm not sure where the russos are going to run with it . 
  * i was n't sold on bruce/natasha before i went in , but i kind of like it now . 
  natasha 's line about `` all of my other friends are fighters '' actually made it make a lot more sense . 
  * i kind of wish we had even * more * characterisation , especially for natasha and clint . 
  i want to know even more about the red room . 
  i felt like there was more that whedon had planned but had had to edit out . 
  * future avengers training programme !, 
  i like that they are setting up for a new team down the road in case of actor contracts changes . 
  * did anyone else kind of want whedon to hint towards clint being made deaf in that final blast/shootout bit ? 
  it almost felt like that was the way he was going with it . 
  * i 'm glad whedon is stepping down now . 
  both avengers have been great , but i prefer the russo 's feel of the world . 
  i assumed that heimdall saw everything and reported on it . 
  ronan invading xandar feels like something that he might notice . 
  i 'm pretty sure ultron already had the vibranium before he chopped off klaw 's arm did n't he ? 
  and i think pietro died well after we were assured that ultron was the nasty one . 
  otherwise , i definitely agree with you that i 'm glad whedon is moving on . 
  go to sleep go to sleep !, 
  loved it .
