  i 've found some good rooms to stay through spareroom before . 
  well recommended . 
  you have broken up with her . 
  you do n't have to do * anything * she wants you to . 
  you can stay exactly where you like , with the friends you like and crossdress as you like and not get married because you do n't want to . 
  you are ** not together ** . 
  seriously , please stop meeting up with this lady and listening to her steamroller all the way over you . 
  it 's not doing you any good . 
  okay . 
  yeah , there 's a few areas you could fix . 
  your about me part . 
  quite honestly , the part about learning to do a backflip gets old by the second sentence ( and i 'm saying this as a twenty eight year old also learning to do backflips ) . 
  cut everything out after ` ridiculously good at doing handstands ' . 
  it 's not actually that funny . 
  put something else in about yourself that does n't involve you learning how to be upside down for extended periods of time . 
  you 're good at headstands . 
  we get it . 
  you like to be inverted most of the time . 
  talk about something else . 
  please . 
  expand on the ice-hockey bit instead of talking about your buns and gorgeous features . 
  being confident is one thing , being narcissistic is another . 
  do n't be narcissistic . 
  ` six things ' section is good . 
  okay , so in your friday night section , it sort of sounds like any date we might go out on would involve going to a bar , you getting * riotously * drunk , getting up on a table and singing really really loudly to the rest of the bar . 
  and then moonwalking . 
  yeah . 
  you would n't see me for dust , dude . 
  tone it down a bit . 
  also , the photo of you in your underwear ? 
  creepy . 
  really creepy . 
  take it out . 
  it sounds like she 's much more independent and much more spontaneous than you are . 
  i do n't think it comes down to money or availability of funds ( if my family offered me an all-expenses paid holiday i 'd jump on it too ) , it comes down to the fact that you seem to be a planner ( fixed dates , saving up , sitting down and talking about it ) , and she likes to just jump on something and * go * somewhere . 
  saying that , your feelings about being the most hurtful relationship you 've ever been in do n't sound positive about your future with this girl . 
  what do you get out of it exactly ? 
  does she ever come to see you ? 
  does she make as much effort towards you as you do for her ? 
  if not , maybe you should reconsider why you 're in this . 
  to be honest , it sort of sounds like you 're more into her than she is to you . 
  just the line * when not working , i 've spent my day staring at the ceiling with something inane on telly in the background . 
  * is worrying . 
  do you have other friends to go out with ? 
  other hobbies outside of work and talking to your gf ? 
  i 'm not an expert on ldr by any means , but when you 're only seeing her one month out of twelve you need to keep yourself busy with your own things . 
  also , why does her going off on holiday with family completely scrap all of your travel plans ? 
  get some friends together and go roadtrip with them !, 
  go off and have an adventure by yourself somewhere . 
  say `` have fun on holiday !, 
  i 'll see you when i get back . '', 
  costume photos . 
  there 's one guy constantly turning up on my feed who wears a really really creepy mask in his profile photo . 
  seriously , he could be the nicest bloke in the world and i am never ever going to message him to find out because his photo creeps me the fuck out . 
  also , what is it with people who put profile photos up that * do n't have anyone in * ? 
  i do n't care if that 's an amazing photo of some trees , what do you look like ? 
  i 'm not sure i 'd be * quite * so harsh on the ops gf - after all , he does n't say anywhere they actually booked a trip , just talked about it , and then a free holiday with her family came up and she jumped on it . 
  if i did n't have any fixed definite plans , i 'd probably do the same . 
  i wo n't deny she does sound a bit lacking in empathy , though . 
  going off and travelling by yourself does n't have to be for a year or two . 
  it could be a two week trip across the country slumming in some hostels . 
  it could be a month on a visitors visa in another continent . 
  all of these things are absolutely attainable without just leaving your relationship ( and your life ) behind . 
  by the sound of it all you need is some spice and variety to give you a zest for life again . 
  have you actually talked to your girlfriend about how you 're feeling ? 
  perhaps have a chat with her , arrange to go away for a month or so and then get online and book yourself a bit of an adventure . 
  and when you get back , talk about some of the other little things like her choosing the tv programmes every other day , or watching one thing she likes followed by one thing you like . 
  compromise does n't mean she gets everything her way , it means you get some you time too !, 
  so it 's not just you who was excluded but all the girlfriends ? 
  then chill out - it 's clearly just a guys only thing they 've planned and your boyfriend would n't have had any control over who got the invites . 
  i 'm sure he 'll bring you along next time . 
  in the meantime , spend the weekend with your friends having a girly time and have fun !, 
  it 's a really good profile !, 
  nice and chatty and with loads of interests for people to message you about . 
  also , you 're cute . 
  couple of small pointers , i think your second photo of you in the white tank top is a better photo for your main profile image . 
  they 're all good , but that one 's the best . 
  also , you have * i am enjoying every minuet of it * in your first paragraph . 
  you totally could make a classical music joke out of it if you wanted , but if not , best check your spelling . 
  it 's a pretty good profile - it does come across as a bit daydreamy , and you do repeat yourself about wondering at the world an * awful * lot - you have it twice in your six things bit , and it 's a bit of an overkill . 
  i picked up really quickly how much you like thinking about things , but then you kind of battered me over the head with it . 
  perhaps change your ` spend a lot of time thinking about section ' entirely because okay , you do think about that stuff a lot , but you 've said it already earlier on . 
  mix it up a bit , or make that part humorous instead . 
  i liked your ` most private thing ' bit . 
  the main thing that stands out to me are your photos . 
  they pretty much show two completely different men , and i do n't know who i 'm messaging - the guy with the long hair and beard or the guy with the short styled hair . 
  you need to pick one and stick with it , or just have one with you with longer hair for reference , because it 's just massively confusing otherwise . 
  no worries !, 
  that 's much better now . 
  one last thing - you have a photo of yourself fire dancing ? 
  that 's really cool !, 
  do n't skimp on it in your profile , put it in somewhere !, 
  there might be other cool girl circus performers out there passing over your profile because you come across more computer-programmy than fire-spinny . 
  it 's your body . 
  you can do whatever you want with it , whether it 's dyeing your hair or getting tattoos . 
  five year olds throw tantrums , not thirty three year old men . 
  break up with him , breathe a sigh of relief and go get inked . 
  it 's pretty solid !, 
  i 'd take out the first paragraph bit about high school friends getting knocked up or on drugs . 
  it might be the truth , but it 's a bit of a judgemental note to start off on .
