  does he need a replacement bulb somewhere ? 
  i wonder if the power 's gone out . 
  you know what ? 
  you 're saying all of these things about love and trying and not giving up , and all i 'm hearing is * selfish selfish selfish me me me * . 
  it 's all about * you * and what * you * want , screw the other guy who 's apparently done absolutely nothing wrong . 
  i hope she does leave this guy for you , because the both of you deserve each other . 
  and that is not a compliment . 
  you are a fabulous mod . 
  a couple of lagers and a cider on tap . 
  little bottles of orange juice . 
  lemonade ( sprite ) , coke and soda on tap . 
  what does ` making her life hell ' actually achieve for you , other than some weirdly derived satisfaction at being a mean and petty person ? 
  you 've got your friends , you 've got ` the ' boyfriend and apparently this girl has n't got either of those . 
  that 's bad enough , is n't it ? 
  just ignore her , seriously . 
  it 's not even worth your time bothering with . 
  god yes . 
  michael buble can serenade me * any * time . 
  i like guys who dress smartly and sharply , who knows what cuts and colours suit them . 
  i 'd rather date a tidy , put together man than a baggy shirts and shorts one . 
  basically i 'd like to date joseph gordon levitt and his whole wardrobe . 
  wow . 
  i did not expect that update * at all * . 
  so sorry to hear that !, 
  at least now you have a few weeks gap while he 's still away where you do n't have to see him or talk to him so you can start to get yourself together . 
  his loss !, 
  ahahahaha i 've seen that one before . 
  still prefer the suits , but he manages to carry it off pretty well !, 
  `` onwards and upwards . '', 
  i say to myself every time i have a disappointment or a setback . 
  it reminds me to keep moving forward , no matter what , and that things * will * get better . 
  [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zwcxyzenx0 ) might be right up your alley then . 
  ` fighting for someone ' is so one sided . 
  if you 're saying that you have to ` fight ' for them , then you 've already lost it . 
  there should be mutual attraction and a mutual wish to be with each other . 
  it should n't be the case where one person stops being interested or falls out of love for whatever reason , and the other person immediately decides they can basically launch a big protest march to win them back . 
  sorry , but you ca n't persuade someone to be in love with you . 
  on the other hand , working the a-bars is a * bitch * for us girls . 
  i 'm getting good at tumbling and beamwork , but the most i can do on the bars so far is an aided hip circle up . 
  bars are seriously killer !, 
  i have no idea . 
  would you prefer women to have external ovaries ? 
  i like the actual * motorcycles * themselves as gorgeous pieces of machinery , but i get so frustrated with motorbike riders who weave in and out of traffic , overtake three cars at once at 100mph , tailgate me waiting to rev up to 100mph and overtake that now the whole thing just irritates me . 
  we go in there and gossip . 
  i like to go with a friend so we talk about how the evening 's going or what their date/boyfriend is like . 
  i personally prefer suave . 
  loads of others prefer rugged . 
  do straight men prefer women sports casual or high fashion ? 
  my question was actually more rhetorical than anything , but thanks for the insight . 
  did you ever do anything * other * than go to your house , make out and grind a bit ? 
  because i reckon she just viewed you as someone to go and get off with , rather than actually date , and now she 's either got fed up with it or met someone else who wants to take her out . 
  if all you did was lay around , watch a film , sleep and hump , then that does n't sound like much talking to me or many signs that you got to know each other or actually wanted to date her . 
  i suspect she thought of you as a fwb and nothing more . 
  maybe give her one last text with the offer to actually take her out and arrange dinner or drinks somewhere . 
  if she ignores you again then chalk this one up to bad experience and hold off from jumping straight to routine sexy-times from now on . 
  half 1 here and i 'm at work watching the wimbledon semi-finals . 
  here for a bit longer , then home , dinner and out to gymnastics class for the evening . 
  nothing too special !, 
  train or easyjet rather than drive ? 
  i know the feeling , i 'm gagging to go back and see my friends in edinburgh , but the trip from essex always costs like # 100 whichever way i do it . 
  it 's not exactly easy to figure out another girl 's psyche from one side of the story over the internet , but talking as another lady i 'm * guessing * she was reasonably into you and wanted dates or romance , but felt like all you wanted was sex . 
  plus with the whole moving away thing she did n't really know what to do about it . 
  her wanting to talk to you might even have been her wanting to * tell * you she was into you , right up until you got cross about it and then she backed off . 
  bad luck , dude . 
  next time take the girl on a few more dates before you get to routinely humping . 
  i trained to work backstage in theatre and then events . 
  this meant spending whole nights and weekends hauling around stupidly heavy lighting kit , cables , stands , bits of set , steel deck and the occasional sound desk up and down rigging and tiered seating . 
  i did that for around six years , all in . 
  there was occasionally the ` lady crew carry the costumes/props ' bit or men jumping in to take a piece of kit first before i got it , but as that tended to be the * stupidly * heavy bits i just let them get on with it . 
  if something was too heavy for me , i always asked for help anyway . 
  there are n't any heroes in theatre . 
  now i 've said ` screw it ' to manual labour and work a desk job . 
  it 's * much * nicer . 
  i get physical thrills through my sport ( gymnastics ) and walking my dog who prefers to drag me around instead . 
  give him a bit of a break . 
  he was , what , 17 at the time ? 
  * everyone * makes stupid decisions at 17 . 
  it 's pretty much the age to make stupid decisions . 
  and no matter how much he liked you , he was n't actually dating you and here was a girl offering up sex on a plate . 
  i do agree with you , it was a stupid decision to risk your affections , especially since this girl was your best friend . 
  but he took a chance , and since he 's dating you now it obviously worked out . 
  i really do think you need to start letting it go . 
  start with the little things . 
  check your bank balance often and be aware of dates that money goes in and goes out . 
  i spent * years * when i was in my early 20 's avoiding looking at my bank balance because i was so afraid of how little would be in there . 
  it was a silly thing to do . 
  it feels so much better being aware of how much i 've got and helps stop me overspending . 
  for first year , i lived in a flat on the third floor of an off-campus building . 
  it was pretty grotty but not too bad if you took care of it . 
  halfway through the year , the three boys living together in a ground floor flat had an argument over cleaning . 
  so they stopped . 
  as in , they stopped cleaning * anything * . 
  for * months * . 
  by spring no one would go inside . 
  two of them moved out early . 
  god knows how the third guy stuck around . 
  eventually the department for health condemmed it and no one was allowed in at all . 
  it was fucking disgusting . 
  maybe checking him out , maybe also wondering why on * earth * he 's wearing that godawful shirt . 
  depends .
