  that 's the one !, 
  it 's very good . 
  the ou is really good and i swear by them for standard academic courses ( i 'm in my 3rd year of a history ba right now ) , but a friend of mine did a computer science course last year , and he said the course materials just did n't keep up with modern ict . 
  from what i understand , he ended up very frustrated with the course , as he knew the information he was studying was already out of date in a lot of places . 
  it 's understandable - technology is moving so fast , and the ou is n't as flexible as brick unis with its course load as the majority of it 's materials are written , not lectured . 
  he was much happier with the maths modules he took . 
  just something to bear in mind . 
  netflix is a cruel mistress . 
  it got me to fall in love with suits , but taunts me by only having season 1 and 2 . 
  now i 'm reduced to paying itunes for my glorious new yorkers in expensive clothing . 
  but it 's worth it . 
  also , call the midwife , top gear ( the ambulances ! ), 
  and agent carter . 
  i 'm streaming agent carter because apparently the us does n't share nice things , but i am so addicted . 
  if you want to be crafty about it , robin hobb is excellent , and her * assassins quest * and * tawny man * trilogies are fronted by a first person perspective male lead , but she plays a lot with gender roles . 
  one of the main characters is very very gender-ambiguous , there are a lot of great female leads in very senior roles , and a large part of the plot in * tawny man * revolves around political ties to an island nation that has a powerful matriarchal society . 
  it gives you both the male perspective that he likes , but with some really really great female characters as supporting cast , and it 's all written by an amazing author . 
  definitely worth a look . 
  i would probably laugh and say `` are you * sure * ? '', 
  and if he still does n't get the hint , i 'd just leave him to it . 
  not my fault if he 's a bit dense . 
  do n't think about them as doubles , just treat them as two single roundabouts . 
  approach in the right lane to go across the first one , and exit into the lane you need for exiting the second one - i.e. 
  exit the first roundabout into the left hand lane if you were taking the first exit of the second one . 
  you need to break them down into two seperate obstacles , and then they become far easier to deal with . 
  i feel more of need to grab the nearest chocolate bar , but i 'm a terrible chocolate junkie anyway , so that does n't make a huge difference to me . 
  oh , and i 'm a little more tired than usual . 
  that 's basically it . 
  she means `` do you think of me as a girlfriend or just a casual fwb/fling ? '' . 
  i 'm guessing that she 's looking for a relationship and wants to know whether she 's wasting her time or not . 
  i 'm a g cup and 5 ' 8 '' , soooo ... i 'll take the 6 inches . 
  my back ca n't bear any more boobage , seriously . 
  either france , because you * know * it would be a good night between the sheets with france ( even if french men can be arrogant tossers , grrr ) or australia . 
  i 'm thinking surfer guys , chris hemsworth , a nice laid-back outdoorsy kind of romp with a lot of laughing and a beer at the end of it . 
  squinting does n't seem * that * sexy to me ... ? 
  you mean the blinky eye thing , right ? 
  i 've never felt obliged to anyone . 
  i offer to pay my half , and if he insists on buying the whole thing then i do n't put up a fight . 
  i normally buy a round of drinks later or something to even it out , but i never think anything more of it than that . 
  i was thinking more like a derpy squint , but that 's super hot . 
  art is funny like that , is n't it ? 
  it touches so many emotions and responses that you ca n't even pinpoint . 
  whenever i go to a gallery i feel so energised and drained all at the same time . 
  oh , i love that too . 
  it definitely counts !, 
  that 's just incredible . 
  it makes you feel so insignificant !, 
  i ended up having a little debate with a pastor friend of mine a couple of weeks ago about atheism etc , and i pretty much said i do n't believe in god just because space is so huge , so either god is omnipresent and wayyy too big for earth and our little lives , or he 's just a little god for our tiny earth , which ca n't really make him all powerful or anything . 
  it 's a bit rambly , but videos like that just sort of emphasise the point , really - we are so , so tiny , and have so much to learn . 
  it 's very exciting !, 
  5 ' 8 '' and i fucking love heels . 
  they make me feel so powerful and sexy , especially with that gorgeous click click noise when you walk down the pavement . 
  honestly , confidence will come with age . 
  you 're only 16 - everyone is insecure as shit when you 're 16 . 
  * nobody * really feels like they own themselves , but you will . 
  i am so much more secure in myself at 29 than i ever , ever was when i was a teenager . 
  i 'd never go back . 
  you rock your height !, 
  own it , love who you are , and you 'll look fabulous . 
  the film i was most disappointed by was * in time * . 
  it looked amazing , and like such a cool idea !, 
  your life is ruled by the time you own , no one ever ages and time is money . 
  what a brilliant concept . 
  the actual film itself was such a let down !, 
  it ended up as some bizarre , boring bonnie and clyde adaption . 
  i remember just leaving the cinema and being like `` is that * it * ? 
  seriously ? '', 
  so disappointing . 
  i just love caravaggio 's use of light , it 's so exquisite . 
  have you seen [ experiment on a bird in the air pump ] ( http://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/upload/img/wright-experiment-bird-air-pump-ng725-fm.jpg ) too ? 
  the image does n't do it justice from seeing it on the actual canvas , but his use of light and shadow in this is just breathtaking . 
  our tescos metro already has easter eggs on the shelves . 
  i do n't know whether to be horrified , or delighted by the early onset of cheap delicious chocolate . 
  that was amazing . 
  she makes it look so easy !, 
  i 'm dying to go see israel and jerusalem , but i have a jordanian stamp in my passport right now , so i think i have to wait until it 's renewed and i have a blank page again before i can go !, 
  it looks like the most amazing place . 
  i could n't have helped at all , i 'm afraid . 
  i dislike guns , know absolutely nothing about them and have no intention of learning . 
  i do n't think living alone in your own place is terribly vital , but i think independent living of * some * kind , where you 're paying bills and doing your own cooking/chores/cleaning etc is the important bit . 
  if they 're particularly perky , i have been known to do a little bit of a lingering stare on occasion , yes . 
  set an alarm on your phone to remind you to take it . 
  you 'll be on the ball for the first week or so , but it 's ridiculously easy for it to slip your mind . 
  i had mine set for 9:30 each morning , so i 'd take it once i was in work with a cup of tea . 
  music !, 
  loud , rocky , bouncy music that gets me singing along . 
  it always gives me a confidence boost . 
  either that or listening to a comedy show like cabin pressure - if i 'm laughing at the actors , i do n't have time to think about being nervous . 
  so every time you 're out doing the shopping or walking down the high street , your mental process is basically `` hot not not not not kindahot not not not downrightugly not not '' ? 
  that must be exhausting . 
  time and distance , really . 
  he 's just an old memory without any emotions attached now , even though back then i was full of the usual teenage fire of love etc etc etc. 
  give yourself time to heal , be kind to yourself and be sociable with friends to keep up a support network on the really bad days . 
  you 'll be okay . 
  they 're ... what ? 
  seriously ? 
  i ca n't decide if that 's obnoxiously sad or just plain depressing . 
  ugh , too true . 
  what is it with the ranking thing ? 
  why does everything have to have a score ?
