  if i 'm working it out right , 120lb is eight stone , and that is * not * a healthy weight for a 5 ' 8 '' girl , especially when she 's failing to eat properly . 
  she needs help ; really , serious help . 
  can you talk to her parents at all ? 
  i just roll my eyes a lot of the time . 
  i bought a new pair of reading glasses last weekend and picked them out of the mens section , rather than out of the women 's section where all of the frames reminded me of [ janine from ghostbusters ] ( http://mlp.c.blog.so-net.ne.jp/_images/blog/_540/mlp/extreme-ghostbusters-janine.jpg?c=a2 ) . 
  not flattering at all . 
  favourite : bucky/winter soldier and natasha . 
  what can i say , i love those soviet spies with tragic back stories . 
  runner up is tony stark . 
  least favourite : malekith . 
  i 've never heard of them before so i just googled them , and they 're just green tea . 
  that 's it . 
  you can buy ginger or peppermint tea far cheaper than those products and get exactly the same benefit . 
  also , look up how people do those before and after photos that those sites have blanketed themselves with . 
  usually they 're just photos taken within ten minutes of each other with better lighting , more flattering clothes and a sucked in stomach . 
  that 's it . 
  not having someone to go to [ x ] film or [ y ] gallery/concert/show with . 
  just ... go by yourself ? 
  i do it all the time !, 
  i 'd much prefer to go somewhere by myself for an evening rather than resigning myself to staying at home because no one else is around . 
  i normally spell my ( unusual ) name ending - ie but it 's generally spelt with a - y by basically everyone else in the world . 
  a barista at starbucks guessed the spelling but ended it with a - y and i was just like `` yup , whatever . '', 
  i really could n't be bothered to be fussy about the spelling of my name on the side of a cup . 
  who cares ? 
  winter soldier , especially the highway chase . 
  i just * adore * those fight scenes , and the hand to hand choreography between cap and the ws is my favourite fight of any movie . 
  i 've watched the videos on youtube of that specific fight about twenty times now . 
  guardians i love to stick on when i 'm in a meh kind of mood . 
  it cheers me right up , and the prison sequence is so much fun . 
  iron man 2 , mostly the tony stark element-discovery bits , or the scenes where he 's arguing with pepper . 
  i just really like character exposition and im2 is packed with it . 
  i just love watching cap as a uso figure right up until he brings all of the 107th back to the camp and bucky gets everyone cheering for him . 
  it 's a really lovely bit of character growth . 
  if you 've not looked at scotland yet , edinburgh in particular is great for culture work and has a really rich arts scene with lots of theatre getting made all the time , which is great for ops gf . 
  there 's a yahoo !, 
  group called scot-nits for industry professionals and they have job postings all the time for vacancies in theatre production companies . 
  if you love architecture and culture op , absolutely definitely look at edinburgh . 
  it 's the most beautiful city and you 're spoilt for choice when it comes to places to live . 
  my student flat up there was the envy of all of my london and cambridge friends !, 
  i think the bit where bucky walks that iron girder in the exploding warehouse is the biggest hint that he 's been super-soldiered without being explicit about it . 
  a normal man could n't honestly walk that ( even in movie world !, 
  ) , especially after just being dragged off of an operating table , but he 's got almost perfect balance on a tiny , shaking iron beam that 's on the verge of breaking . 
  oh definitely . 
  it 's an okay , fun movie on its own , but when you slot it in with the rest of the mcu it just becomes so much more intricate and interesting . 
  i love doing rewatches of tfa and picking out all of the tiny little foreshadowing details . 
  right now : job, 
  from september : career, 
  it makes me feel sleepy afterwards . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  spareroom is your best bet , or see if there 's a facebook page for your course . 
  that 's how i found the other girls i 'll be sharing a house with for a pgce this year . 
  youve left it a bit last minute , though !, 
  well i do n't , personally , but more people than me do , so they get elected . 
  it 's called democracy and sometimes we do n't always get what we want . 
  i 'll be moving out in a month too , so definitely saving all of this great advice !, 
  the best one i 've seen from someone else is to get yourself pizza on the first night you move in as pizza always feels homely to eat . 
  makes sense to me !, 
  i love wandering around stately homes for an afternoon . 
  i took myself over to a gorgeous house called audley end today and spent the afternoon looking at historical portraits and then having a scone in their tearoom . 
  giving myself cultural days out is my favourite . 
  i live in england , and we have the national trust and english heritage organisations here , which look after historic properties . 
  they have apps and websites where you can find out houses and landmark nearby . 
  there might be some thing similar for you ? 
  i thought the clipping we saw in winter soldier had a date of 1992 on . 
  i 'm inclined to go with whatever the latest production used , as they might not have thought the timeline through when iron man was first produced . 
  edit : in the [ element-creation scene ] ( https://youtu.be/9p2hgl50bf4?t=1m44s ) , tony also says `` dead for almost twenty years . 
  still taking me to school '' , so as im2 is , what , 2011 ? 
  i 'm inclined to think howard died closer to the 1991 date and the worlds fair footage is just a screwy inconsistancy . 
  i 'm still hoping that natasha 's mcu shield birthdate is a fake and her timeline is more like comic canon , both to sort out that kgb changeover and to give her more red room/winter soldier backstory . 
  but like you said , for now it 's a weird inconsistency . 
  sure . 
  i can sing the whole of hasa diga eebowai from book of mormon , too . 
  dump them . 
  no question . 
  being hot does n't make up for being a total racist moron . 
  tia maria and orange juice tastes like terrys chocolate orange !, 
  it 's super sweet , but it 's yummy . 
  vodka , lime and lemonade is another favourite of mine . 
  best . 
  summer . 
  drink . 
  ever . 
  my summer is never complete if i have n't had a pimms at some point , all loaded up with fruit . 
  i 'm happy and content with where my life is heading , but i would n't say i feel ` fulfilled ' or have found a particular meaning in it . 
  i just enjoy everything day to day rather than try and find one big ultimate aim for it . 
  when i was talking to a group of 14 year olds and they had no idea who the backstreet boys were . 
  i felt so doddery in my old age . 
   hes just being a twat at the minute, 
  yup, 
   and itll pass, 
  nope, 
   its just because hes become so obsessed with his weight hes trying to rub off on me ? 
  trying to lose weight does n't excuse him being a twat , and being in love * also * does n't excuse him from being a twat . 
  you deserve much better than this , op . 
  do n't let your love filled rose tinted glasses stop you from realising when someone is being downright nasty to you for no reason at all . 
  it 's just all down to personal preference and whether you want new or used . 
  i 've bought my own car as i could get a better deal on a used car for my budget - i got a # 3000 loan from natwest , found a deal on a 2008 kia carens and bought it . 
  it will probably have lost half its value by the time i come to sell , but by then i might just switch to a lease instead . 
  my parents both lease their cars , and i know my dad was really chuffed with the lease deal he got on his mercedes . 
  this is his third or fourth lease now , so it works well .
