  and even if it was n't for citizenship , which you do n't mention , you do n't just go ` well , we 've spent loads of time together , better get married , p.s. 
  neither of us are gay , right ? ', 
  plus , registry offices are n't staffed with idiots . 
  they would know if witnesses were pulled in off the streets at the very least . 
  his story is n't right at all . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't see the question here . 
  she broke up with you for her own reasons . 
  we 're not psychic - we have no idea what she was thinking or how you were as a couple . 
  just try and distract yourself with friends and hobbies , and do n't talk to her any more . 
  judging by their comment history , i * think * op is serious ... ? 
  it should n't be this difficult to guess !, 
  to us , you * are * just american . 
  i 've never understood the american obsession with the different countries your grandparents are from , especially when you 've also got that insane ` america , fuck yeah ! ', 
  nationalism thing at the same time . 
  you 're american now , why are you telling me that you 're not ? 
  team bucky!cap :d, 
  your anger and betrayal is totally understandable , and i 'm really , really sorry that things ended up this way . 
  ** however ** . 
  wanting to avoid conflict is one thing . 
  * deliberately * setting up your ex and her infant son to be evicted without notice is totally another , and i just have to say -- what the fuck , op ?? 
  the kid is eighteen months old . 
  you could have handled this in a way that detached you from your ex and baby in a much more adult , sincere way . 
  you 've not only run away , you 've totally burned the bridges and salted the earth behind you for your ex * and * her baby - and he did n't ask for any of this . 
  lokis ` death ' and supplanting odin to take the throne of asgard . 
  thor thinks he let loki die , so i imagine he 'll be taking some pretty heavy guilt into ragnarok and infinity war . 
  the first infinity stone ( reality ) showed up too . 
  i think those are the main things . 
  why would you want to be in a romantic relationship with this man ?? 
  he says awful things to you , to strangers on the internet and to vulnerable people , and not only is he not sorry , he wants * you * to apologise !, 
  he 's an horrible , horrible person . 
  * he * is the one breaking this marriage up , * not you * . 
  he is the one who is invading your privacy , separating you from family and friends and forcing you to give up your hobbies . 
  why should * you * be the one to bend over backwards when he is the person who has made all of this happen ? 
  this is n't fair on you , op . 
  you 're right , you do need independent time for yourself , and you do need an outside support system . 
  he 's the one taking all of that away . 
  do you read fanfiction at all ? 
  you get * amazing * authors writing purely for fun , and the vast majority of it is lgbt + based . 
  calamity jane !, 
  the sound of music, 
  mary poppins, 
  some like it hot, 
  on the voting statistics : old voted out , young did n't vote ( only 30 of the demographic ) but did vote overwhelmingly for in when they went to the polling station . 
  right now the most likely tory leadership candidate is theresa may , but gove is having a good old go at pretending like he 'll be any good as pm . 
  okay !, 
  i had n't seen any updated analysis of the results , so i was going with the last info i heard . 
  nice to hear there was more of a youth turnout than we first thought . 
  secondary school history teacher ( just qualified ) . 
  looking forward to getting my own classroom in september !, 
  5 ' 8 '' and 12 stone . 
  i 'd like to be at least a stone lighter . 
  i 'm exercising much more than i used to , but i do sabotage myself with my diet . 
  i justify eating chocolate much too often . 
  i 've had at least six cups of tea today and eaten strawberries and cream while watching wimbledon . 
  in my first year of uni i lived in halls with thin floors . 
  one of the girls above us was an irish dancer who was an occasional touring member of riverdance and would do her practice in her socks/bare feet in the kitchen . 
  that was fine until the show came to town for a month or so , she rejoined the cast , back on went the shoes and goodbye went my post uni afternoon naps . 
  reasonably rp english , but i have a lot of people ask if i 'm aussie or kiwi . 
  i think i have that rising intonation at the end of sentences that makes me sound somewhere-not-english . 
  total atheist and sceptic . 
  i do n't believe in anything supernatural or religious , though i totally understand how people get comfort from belief systems . 
  i was sort of brought up church of england , which is really pretty lax for a church anyway . 
  i went to copenhagen by myself last february and loved it . 
  it 's a very walkable city , there are loads of great coffee places to curl up in with a book and some great museums to spend a day in . 
  i 'm 31 and stayed in a hotel near the city centre . 
  the [ guardian live thread ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sport/live/2016/jul/07/tour-de-france-2016-stage-six-live ) likes to play ` name that breakaway ' . 
  today 's offerings :, 
   [ barta & arashiro : loveable lead characters from a studio ghibli film ] ( https://twitter.com/geoffreymanboob/status/751011194920640512?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ), 
   [ barta & arashiro - a cop down on his luck finds a canine companion - redemption awaits as the two bust a case wide open . 
   [ quite a lot of people working at cern have devoted decades to the frustrating study of barta-arashiro particles ] ( https://twitter.com/hughrbrechin/status/751022061619929088?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ), 
  i quite like a suggestion from yesterday too ; de gendt , van arvermaet and grivko : 18th century explorers after whom stretches of australia used to be named . 
   i 'm past all that . 
  i have lived so much of my life, 
  oh please op . 
  you 're only 30 !, 
  i 'm 31 and i feel like a toddler compared to everything that the world has to offer and how much there is to see . 
  travelling is n't something you get over with just because you go through your twenties , you know . 
  i get that you 're grieving , and it sucks , but you are * not * an old man abandoned on the sidelines of life . 
  you 're just getting started !, 
  now you get to find out who * you * are as an individual . 
  take time for that - do n't just jump back into a relationship . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  maybe just a glass a week . 
  my parents drink more than i do !, 
  i never noticed that before !, 
  that 's such a great detail . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been harassed on here . 
  i like to stay in smaller niche subreddits though - it 's in the bigger default subs that you get the problems . 
  if she gets a neutral username and picks her subs rather than go anywhere near / all , she should be fine . 
  i 'm considering areas to move to for my new job , but i 've been used to a twenty minute commute for a while !, 
  how long does it take all of you and how do you get there ? 
  yeah , i 'm considering areas to move to and i 'm weighing up cheaper rent vs longer commute . 
  the traffic grind there and back can really get to you if you do it for too long !, 
  ugh , that 's a long time to add to your working day !, 
  where do you live ? 
  vin did do a google talk with zoe and chris - he spent a large chunk of it talking to the audience about playing d&d !, 
  to be honest , anyone who could guess who it was in those shots without the mask would probably already know it was bucky anyway . 
   my current plan is ( barring a necessitated visit to london , manchester , and the lake district ) bath to cotswolds to york to durham to edinburgh to sterling ( or a regional equivalent , if anyone has one in mind ) . 
  i may also try to fit cornwall in , but first i 'd like to find out if 5 days is even conceivably enough time to get all this in ( i just plan to stroll around the centers for a bit , see any major sites ), 
  your ` ethnic ' comment was totally unnecessary and completely ridiculous , by the way .
