  it would have been * considerate * of her to tell you , perhaps , but there 's absolutely no requirement for her to do so . 
  why are you confronting her about it ? 
  you two are no longer romantically together . 
  she can sleep with a hundred men if she likes , and she 'd be doing nothing wrong . 
  and no , hurting your feelings does n't count as ` wrong ' . 
  pack up some of your stuff , leave her a note that you 're sleeping somewhere else for now , and go find a hospitable friend or family member for a few nights . 
  you need to stop living together . 
  you need to start acting like exes , and not like some weird semi-relationship where you live in the same house and you think you can ` confront ' her about her new relationships and make her tell you the ` truth ' . 
  there 's no truth to tell . 
  she 's seeing someone else . 
  you need to move out and start getting over her . 
  oh yeah , i dated a guy back when i was 16 ( ugh , teenage attractions ) who lived in his long black trenchcoat , and matrix sunglasses and talked about ` beating the system ' . 
  total idiot . 
  but that 's it . 
  that 's all that 's there . 
  it 's really weird . 
  there 's no actual * atmosphere * to dubai that i could feel when i was there . 
  it 's just a lot of really tall buildings and some nice cars going around . 
  it was like florida , except with arabic on the billboards . 
  i transferred credit from my last one too ( 60 credits , so saved me # 2500 hooray !, 
  ) , so i just did one l1 module and now i 'm waiting for my two l2 modules to start in october . 
  there will be plenty of other people with parents there to say goodbye , so you wo n't look lame and you 'll hardly be the only one . 
  plus , it always helps to have box shifters to go up and down stairs !, 
  i stayed with my dad for a night in a hotel the night before i moved into my digs , then he helped me carry things , met my new flatmates briefly and said goodbye . 
  as long as they do n't hang around awkwardly all day long you 'll be fine . 
  do n't worry about it !, 
  why , out of all of the gorgeous places in the uk , does your wife want to live in * basildon * ? 
  what a bizarre choice . 
  i 'm an essex girl born and bred and even i 'd never move to basildon . 
  because it 's so odd !, 
  if she liked edinburgh or york or even sheffield we 'd understand the draw , but there 's nothing in basildon . 
  it 's just concrete . 
  once . 
  i was working on a cruise ship dating a french bartender . 
  a new , gorgeous , canadian co-worker came on to me but i turned him down since i was dating the french guy . 
  we still flirted desperately , even though the canadian ended up with a lovely swedish girl and the four of us were all friends . 
  my french relationship crashed and burned . 
  i still * wish * i 'd gone out with the canadian guy , because he was so much more wonderful in every single way and i massively regret turning him down that first night . 
  i never really got another chance to make anything work . 
   and living in a shithole makes visits out nicer . 
  well yes , but when you have a choice out of * anywhere in the country * , why immediately go for the place that 's a bit shit ? 
  and really , i have been there . 
  basildon 's a bit shit . 
  do you know where close ? 
  maybe we could suggest some nicer places that are also within a basildon radius ? 
  i just try and talk to him about all sorts of stuff . 
  we both like dog shows , so we bond over showing our dog , bathing him , grooming him , driving to the shows with him , stuff like that . 
  we also both love fantasy fiction so i always like asking him about the book he 's reading , or standing around watching him cook and asking for kitchen tips . 
  i know , i 'm lost enough right now being between modules !, 
  congrats on being so close to finishing yours !, 
  my plan is to do 120 credits for the next two years , graduate in 2015 and then go on to a secondary pgce . 
  i think i 'll be busy for a while yet . 
  personally i 'd always recommend at least spending some time outside of london as it just is n't reflective of the uk as a whole , but you could also do that by taking day trips out of london to cambridge , norwich or brighton . 
  either way , to get to glasgow you 'd have to sacrifice a day for travelling time , so it might be more like 3 days in london and then 3 in glasgow with a day in the middle for the train/plane . 
  the train journey is actually quite pretty , especially once you get to the borders , and if you book it early enough should be as about as expensive as easyjet . 
  look . 
  you knew she was disorganised , sloppy , had no respect for your things and was unreliable , if not psychologically unstable . 
  and you ** still ** asked her to live in your place and looked after your things and your pet while you turned your two week work do into a * two month * holiday . 
  you knew it was n't going to be pretty when you came back . 
  in fact , you had to apparently ` bitch her out ' about it right before you left . 
  i 'm sure that left some * great * feelings in your wake . 
  basically , i 'm sorry , but you brought this on yourself . 
  you should have left your flat alone and given your cat to someone else to live with . 
  you were ridiculously naive about how the whole scenario was going to turn out . 
  when she comes back , you put her to work cleaning out your flat and putting it back in order . 
  she 'll need to come back to get her stuff after all . 
  you also ca n't help her . 
  she needs to help herself , and she ca n't do it with you giving her living space rent free all by herself for two months with basically zero responsibility except a cat and a dog . 
  i totally agree with you , by the way - she 's feckless , irresponsible and downright cruel for leaving your cat covered in fleas and without food or water . 
  but that is exactly why you should never have let her flat sit in the first place , and that 's exactly why you also need to make her clean up and move out . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm a north essex girl and okay , suffolk is prettier , but we have some really genuinely pretty scenery in this county . 
  mersea and brightlingsea are lovely . 
  dedham is where constable painted all of his famous rural imagery !, 
  even the drive out to clacton is quite nice even if clacton itself needs a bit of a pick me up . 
  not everyone wears white shoes and acrylic nails and gets their highlights redone every other week . 
  god no . 
  that would be exhausting . 
  i 'm not often in a pissy mood , but if i am i do n't try and hide it . 
  i just take myself off for a while and do my own thing until i 'm feeling happier again . 
  or i talk to someone . 
  i do n't pretend the world is sunny if i do n't particularly feel like it is that day . 
  er ... i 'm unlikely to even notice , to be perfectly honest . 
  maybe that you 've been standing in a cold wind for too long ? 
  generosity . 
  i 'm not talking splashing the cash generosity , but happy to share generosity - offering around a bag of sweets , inviting people to join in , things like that . 
  empathy, 
  charm, 
  good humoured, 
  self depreciating . 
  i 'm british , we have it down to an art , but i love people who never take themselves too seriously . 
  sure i talk about how my relationships are going and how much i might like a guy to my best friends , or even how good someone is in bed and how cute it was that they gave me flowers or sweet text message , but i would * never * tell them my so 's private , intimate thoughts and dreams . 
  equally , i 'd never really want to hear how much a certain outfit or situation would turn my best friend 's boyfriend on . 
  honestly , it 's not like we confess every little thing we 've discussed with our sos to our friends . 
  we might give a general overview of things ( or at least , i would ) , but there are a lot of things i 'd never tell , and a * lot * of things i never really want to hear , either . 
  would she really see the end of her year long relationship as a form of protection ? 
  i doubt that she 's so fickle that if you ended it she 'd just swan off happily into the sunset - she 'd probably be hurt , confused , and upset that you did n't even give her a chance to be * your * support . 
  tell her . 
  trust her . 
  i 'm sure she deserves more than being dumped for no reason .
