  you could wander in and out of your flat and down to someone elses place anytime you chose , most people would leave their doors open so you could socialise with friends , the flat parties were * amazing * , and it was very much a we 're - all-in-this-together feel . 
  the bad sides mostly came down to being thrown into an environment with all brand new people who i had never met before and having to live with them from the word go . 
  one girl i got really close to , the other not so much , but unfortunately the two of them ended up * hating * each other . 
  they still have n't really made up about it ten years later , but second year we all moved out to our own flats anyway . 
  people 's hygiene standards vary wildly too and that 's just something you have to grin and bear . 
  dirty dishes , dirty pans and massive rubbish bags that no one can be bothered to take downstairs are all student realities . 
  the bathroom was always a mess , but at least we were n't the boys flat downstairs that genuinely had to be locked up by environmental standards for being a health hazard . 
  overall , would absolutely 100 % be a grotty , poor student in halls again . 
  you do n't always get much sleep and the money situation sucks , but the environment of being with all of these brand new people and having a brilliant social life is massively worth the discomfort for the first year . 
  in the second year you can be in somewhere smart and be totally academic , but absolutely take advantage of first year . 
  you 'll never get to do anything like it again . 
  both at different times . 
  sometimes i love my high cardio high impact exercise like the gymnastics i did last night , and sometimes i just love the slow meditative stretching that yoga and pilates gives you . 
  stretching in yoga positions * after * high energy exercise is also the best thing ever . 
  that muscle burn is soooo gooood . 
  aw , that sucks !, 
  have you looked into open gym pay as you go sessions near you ? 
  i do adult gymnastics sessions twice weekly that do n't have subscription fees and i love it . 
  there is no ` friend zone ' . 
  it 's not like you 're corralled off into a fenced area with friend written over it . 
  it just means the woman is n't interested in you . 
  and yes , once i tell a guy i 'm not interested in him , i generally do n't have many intentions of continuing to talk or be pally and friendly with him . 
  i guess it is a fib when i say `` we can still be friends '' , only because i 'm trying to be nice about it . 
  i have plenty of friends , most of whom i gossip about bad dates with . 
  i 'm looking for a boyfriend . 
  i 'd say `` well that 's a bit harsh . 
  i do n't like pdas either , but hand holding is sweet . '', 
  and then if i did n't return said crush i 'd probably pat his arm and tell him the right girl would be along for him soon . 
  if i * did * return the crush i would n't say that last bit , and i 'd just think it was a shame he was being so bitter . 
  i really like my legs at the moment . 
  most people like my boobs but i 'm a bit sick of them . 
  i 'm really proud of my hair , too - it 's all glossy and thick and behaves quite well for me . 
  not really . 
  when i 'm wearing a tight sports top and a sports bra it 's kind of unavoidable that my boobs are going to be on show . 
  they can look as long as they do n't touch , i do n't care . 
  not the person you replied to , but i use shock absorber bras , which are compression bras for my 32gs and they 're brilliant . 
  zero movement on really high impact sports - i do gymnastics so there 's a whole bunch of front somersaults , trampolining and vaulting going on and i 've never had a bit of trouble . 
  try shock absorber !, 
  i have boombastic chesticles too , and i think they go up to h or js ? 
  just chat normally . 
  you do n't have to make any disclaimers to me . 
  just be cool and see if we have anything in common . 
  that 's what parties are for !, 
  the mandarin twist in iron man 3 . 
  totally blew me out of the water and a completely perfect scene . 
  ben kingsley was brilliant . 
  english setters . 
  we 've always had them and they 're the most fabulously gentle , sweet , mischievous dogs going , and gorgeous to boot . 
  oh sure . 
  i write a lot of hot m/m stuff collaboratively with another female friend of mine . 
  we 've been using the same two characters for years . 
  it 's fun !, 
  you do slightly round out * some * words which i guess other not-well-travelled people might think sound british , but that 's really about it . 
  oh please . 
  step back for a moment and stop being so dramatic . 
  you ` stole ' her virginity and her ` purity ' ? 
  by having sex ? 
  you ` gathered empty promises ' ? 
  you 've been in a loving relationship for * five years * . 
  you hardly banged her in a one night stand and then ignored all her phone calls . 
  i 'm sure she has been enjoying the sex just as much as you are , otherwise she would n't want to keep doing it with you . 
  you are seventeen years old . 
  you are growing up . 
  it is * okay * to grow apart from the girl you have been dating since you were twelve . 
  it is absolutely one hundred percent okay for you both to have different ideas for what you want out of life . 
  she wants early marriage and multiple babies . 
  you want university and a degree . 
  that is okay . 
  just because you have had sex with one person does n't mean you have to stay together forever and ever amen . 
  you are clearly very different people - how do you expect this marriage to be successful into your thirties , forties , fifties if you 're already such different people at 17 ? 
  drifting apart from your teenage relationships is absolutely , completely fine . 
  recognising that you 're drifting apart and not being driven enough to want to fix it is * also * fine , just as long as you act on that gut instinct and do n't just drag it out until it gets ugly . 
  you 're clearly very attached to her and very fond of her . 
  being fond of a person does not mean that you have to stay attached at the hip because you 've bumped uglies for a few years . 
  this is part of growing up - sometimes you just have to let people down , no matter how close you are to them . 
  this is time for you to step apart , find out who you really are and grow as a person . 
  she 'll find someone else in time , and so will you . 
  skype him while you 're away !, 
  be outside somewhere with free wifi and show him the place you 're sitting so he can share in it with you . 
  think of little interactive things you can do with him while you 're away , so you can still bring him with you , even though he has to stay at home . 
  think of it this way ; if you do n't go , then you 're * both * going to be at home and miserable . 
  who will that help , really ? 
  will you being at home help him recover faster ? 
  he 's told you his opinion : he wants you to go . 
  you should go . 
  do n't scrap all of your plans and waste an amazing experience because of guilt . 
  it wo n't help either of you . 
  oddly enough oklahoma , because i have a close friend there who i have n't seen in seven years and i 'm dying to take a holiday out and spend a week hanging out with her again . 
  money is stopping me - i 'm on not very high wages right now and do n't have a grand to afford an american holiday . 
  even the cheapest flights are # 550 return . 
  also new zealand because it looks beautiful , and anywhere in france because i 've just been watching the tour de france and the countryside is * gorgeous * . 
  also , french men , hon hon hon. 
  weddings come in so many shapes and sizes i would n't really care whether the bride walked with her mum , dad , male relative , alone or with sixteen bridesmaids behind her . 
  it 's so frustrating when you 're 17 - you 're almost at the age when you can go and do things for yourself , and your parents still think of you as an irresponsible teenager . 
  it 's a really hard line to balance on , but just try and be patient and bear it out . 
  your mum is being overbearing , but i suspect she still thinks of you as her little boy where she has to do everything for you . 
  with the money thing , it sounds like a combination of things . 
  i reckon she 's feeling both like the europe trip was something she had to do for her own self worth , and something she also feels massively guilty for at the same time . 
  i doubt she would have gone if your dad did n't agree with it or think there was enough in the savings pot , right ? 
  her view of what you spend money on and your view is probably radically different , too - she 's thinking of paying the mortgage , paying the council tax , paying the electricity , buying the food , paying the water , paying the petrol to drive you around everywhere , and holy crap , has / u/linglingdang bought another ps4 game * again * ?!,
