  those are the really complicated relationship questions and philosophical questions and emotional questions that intrigued us moving forward . '', 
  well , i do dog showing as a hobby so it 's really important for me that a partner gets along well with dogs , as we 'd be spending a lot of time around them !, 
  could n't care less how reptiles or birds might think about him , though . 
  hahahaha !, 
  i compete with my english setter , henry . 
  my dads side of the family is all into it - my great-aunt was a crufts judge once upon a time , my nanna showed her dandie dinmonts and i 've been going to shows with my dad since i was tiny . 
  you need to learn the ropes by going to a ringcraft class first , and they 'll teach you the basics about how to stand your dog and move them well , and then you just enter a few local shows and work your way up !, 
  henry absolutely loves them - he goes batty whenever we get his show bag out , and every dog there gets loads of fusses on the day from all sorts of people . 
  they 're very sociable days out !, 
  i think couchsurfing is still a bit of a ` what if it 's someone crazy ' thing as they 're an unknown person actually coming to your house , but internet dating is just so normal now . 
  most people i know do n't think twice about that . 
  i 'm pretty certain [ this is the newspaper cutting ] ( http://www.filmbuffonline.com/fbolnewsreel/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/howardstarkheadline.jpg ) that flashes up during the vegas awards ceremony in iron man 1 , so it does get established quite early on . 
  tumblr and ao3 are my jam right now . 
  all of the avengers - captain america steve/bucky fics are taking up far too much of my time . 
  talk , gossip , play board games , eat , talk , make fun of each other , have drinks . 
  the usual !, 
  do you want recs ? 
  or at least , i will do when ao3 gives me my bookmarks back again ... 
  we always have fish on a friday - buttered giraffe bread from sainsburys , prawns , salmon , honey smoked mackerel and mussels with a few glasses of prosecco to wash it all down . 
  lovely !, 
  right now i live at home in my little country village and work for my dad in a tiny company where i 'm often the only one in the office . 
  most of my friends are an hour away in london . 
  meeting eligible new men is difficult without online dating , and doing that can be so * exhausting * . 
  i 've got a big change of scene coming up in august though , so i 'm staying optimistic . 
  me too !, 
  i was n't expecting an even split , but just 7 % is crazy . 
  i 'm res tagging all of us lovely ladies as lady marvel so i can bond with my fellow unicorns !, 
  i normally never read comics , but i read fraction 's hawkeye last month after seeing an article about # 19 and loved it . 
  it 's definitely got me looking for a few more . 
  i guess the easiest way is just really to keep half a eye on how many people are visiting the sub at any one time , which is right below our subscriber numbers . 
  right now it 's telling me that there 's 298 of us in here out of 31,000 subbed . 
  okay !, 
  ao3 is back , so i have bookmarks again . 
  i have many and they are varied , but i tend to prefer fics of the adventure-and-angst and dark humour variety rather than the pwp variety . 
  i 'm going to assume you 've seen captain america : winter soldier already and these are basically all recovery or post-recovery bucky fics set after that . 
  enjoy !, 
  [ waiting for the winter ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/1658123/chapters/3517796 ) by coldhope . 
  if i could pick a classic post-ws bucky recovery fic , it would be this one . 
  lots and lots of great tony stark in this too . 
  [ thawed out ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/2832257/chapters/6353717 ) by eretria and auburn . 
  tied first place for the best recovery fic , because the characterisation in this is * amazing * , and the way they have james/bucky and steve interact and come together is just amazing and heartbreaking and wonderful . 
  [ 4 minute window ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/3130037 ) by speranza : steve is on lockdown surveillance by natasha and shield , and bucky tries to break him out without getting caught . 
  god the sexual tension in this one !, 
  so intense , it just fizzes off the screen . 
  [ have you ever thought just maybe ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/1533986 ) by desdemon : mostly from the pov of tony with overheard discussions of steve/bucky , while tony meddles in their love lives . 
  it just has the best characterisations ever , and a bonus natasha flirting with pepper . 
  and a bonus bonus clint/bucky fic , which is totally not a pairing you would ever put together but this just * works * . 
  it 's incomplete , but sooooo gooooood . 
  [ i 'll keep you safe here with me ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/1907085/chapters/4113102, 
  ) by saraholmes : yes , clint is avoiding the other avengers . 
  no , he does not want to go back to new york . 
  but then again , he did n't exactly want to be kidnapped by the winter soldier either . 
  really , he just wants to go back to bed . 
  always a pleasure !, 
  anything by oddityboddity is brilliant , especially * rich man , poor man , beggar man , thief * , but i go under threesquares on ao3 too if you want more bookmarks . 
  i swear , this pairing will break your heart in all the best kind of ways . 
  i 'm in the third year of doing that right now . 
   here in the uk you can do distance learning through the open university , which is set up specifically for adult learners to get degrees when they 're out of school or uni . 
  i 've decided that i want to train as a teacher but i need a subject specific degree , so for the last three years i 've been studying full time for a ba ( hons ) history while i work full time . 
  i 've already got one degree , but this one is also funded through student loans by a handy little loophole which has benefited me greatly . 
  it 's * hard * work , especially this year ( god , the reading ! ), 
  but incredibly satisfying , especially when i do well on an essay . 
  most ou people do their degrees over six years but i chose to do it full time over three . 
  maybe not the best idea , but it 's worked out just doable so far . 
  you have to be absolutely dedicated to doing this , because you 're going to be giving up a lot of spare time and energy to study , but i think it 's really really worth it . 
  a 2008 five-seater kia carens . 
  i honestly bought it because i take the dog to work every day , and it would fit him in the boot . 
  it 's a lovely comfy car to drive and it 's made me really fond of kia now , but the petrol mileage is n't brilliant . 
  hopefully the next one i get will be more economical . 
  no names though !, 
  i never really name my cars . 
  green & blacks butterscotch milk chocolate . 
  ugghh it 's so heavenly i love it . 
  anything ben & jerrys , but especially cherry garcia , half baked and cookie dough . 
  seperately or combined , i 'm not fussy . 
  galaxy ripple bars, 
  lion bars, 
  i love fudge so , so much . 
  every time i see a fudge stall or fudge shop it 's compulsory that i have to go and buy some . 
  the two things i 've seen that have driven my close friends apart after sharing flats are money and cleanliness . 
  rent not being paid ( or continuously being paid really really late ) , bills not being paid , shopping not being fairly done ( buy the damn loo roll for once , * please * ) and little things like washing up not being done . 
  if you all get on top of that , everyone pays their bills as they should and everyone tidies up after themselves , then you should be fine . 
  it 's just one of those things that you have to learn about in uni . 
  i will say though , when it goes wrong it * really * goes wrong . 
  two of my uni flatmates who had known each other since primary school moved in together when they both moved to london . 
  one ended up earning a reasonable wage , the other did n't , broke her lease early and ended up leaving the wage-earner with massive bills to pay . 
  that was eight years ago and they 're still only just on reasonable speaking terms again . 
  do n't screw your friends over with money , and do n't live with people who might end up leaving you in the lurch either . 
  be careful . 
  good friends do n't always make good flatmates . 
  yes . 
  i do n't like drunk people . 
  i especially do n't like drunk people out of normal socially drunk situations . 
  it 's not just a turn off , it 's a ` steer well clear and do not interact ' scenario . 
  out of curiosity , what happens when the two of you have arguments ? 
  how do you resolve things ? 
  i 'm just wondering op , because surely the ` treating you like a king ' bit can not possibly last forever . 
  when it lapses are you going to be seeing a reasonable woman , or the viper that everyone talks about ? 
  personally , i think your wife needs therapy to start opening up to people , but i also think that you need to be prepared in case one day she turns it all on you . 
   but she doesnt seem unhappy being this way,
