  makes for fun spectacles , though . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  my dad 's tried to explain it to me loads of times and i just do n't get it . 
  everything takes so long as well !, 
  rugby 's much better , imho - less pansy padding , more burly blokes charging about . 
  but nhl 's fun for the novelty , i guess . 
  imho i 'm twice as hot now at an hourglass 29 years old as i was at 18 when i was skinny , short haired and clueless . 
  i think all of my mums friends are genuinely gorgeous , and they really know how to dress themselves to look elegant , sophisticated and mature . 
  i am honest to god looking forward to ageing splendidly like they do , and becoming confident in my mature self with the ability to spend money on luxury tailored clothing that will flatter my figure from now until 75 . 
  i would never , ever , ever go back to looking or feeling 18 again . 
  i was not hot then . 
  i am hot now , and i will be a totally different kind of hot and desirable in ten years time . 
  twenty-two for my first degree , which is three years for a scottish ba in theatre production after taking a gap year between the end of compulsory education , and i 'll be thirty when i hope to complete my second degree ( three years for a ba hons in history through the open university ) next year . 
  i 'll then go on to a year long pgce ( post graduate certificate in education ) to get a teaching qualification , and hopefully be done with this current lot of education by the time i 'm 31 . 
  it 's the same way we get loads of questions in here that really should be in / r/iwantout . 
  the money 's been spent , it 's gone and is n't coming back . 
  you have to resign yourself to that , unfortunately , and it * sucks * when you have n't got any money , but this is exactly how sooooo many gyms make a profit . 
  if he does n't like going , money is not going to be the incentive he needs to drag himself over there . 
  he 's just going to resent it even more . 
  you are still going to be under $ 100 in may whether he goes to the gym every single day and becomes the next usain bolt or not . 
  getting angry at him is not going to fix a single thing . 
  take it as a life lesson for both of you ; do n't get suckered into gym memberships just because you ` should ' go . 
  what you need to do instead is find out what he likes doing , and find a club that does it . 
  experiment with little local clubs that only charge a small weekly fee to find out what catches his fitness imagination . 
  i go to a weekly adult gymnastics club that 's just # 6.50 a week and payable only on the door . 
  if i do n't go , i do n't lose money , but i like it so much that i * make * myself go because it 's an hour and a half of ridiculous fun . 
  loads of guys go too , maybe he 'd like that . 
  or maybe he 'd like climbing instead , or athletics , or dancing or cycling or a dry ski slope or just doing a few laps in a local pool . 
  find something that he likes , because at least you 'll be working on the ` lose weight ' thing even if you ca n't fix the money thing . 
  and please , stop being angry at him . 
  from the way it sounds , you * did * nag him into joining something he was never really interested in doing anyway . 
  you ca n't change it now . 
  take it as a lesson learned . 
  single , childless ( or rather , i 'm reasonably confident i 'm fertile but do n't have kids ) and not hugely bothered about it right now . 
  also not hugely bothered about what other women 's uteri may or may not be doing either . 
  although i did have to bite my tongue about a ( genuinely lovely ) toddler mother fb friend moaning about childless people parking in mother and baby parking spaces today . 
  m&b is not a requirement like disabled spots are , it 's a bonus . 
  i 'm 29 , does that count ? 
  umm ... i actually genuinely do n't think i regret anything . 
  i worked my heart out in between 18 and 26 in a creative industry that paid pittance but gave me amazing scope for travel . 
  i do n't have any money now and i never did the meet-husband-at-uni thing , but i 'd still do it all again . 
  i 'd probably try harder at exams when i was 18 , i suppose . 
  i could have done much better in them . 
  one thing i 'd never forget ? 
  probably standing at dusk on the deck of the cruise ship i was working on as it sailed down the suez canal and watching the amazing landscapes going by . 
  that was kinda cool . 
  i studied and worked as a freelance lighting technician and stage manager in theatres for about seven years . 
  total slog fest sometimes and gave me zero financial stability but i loved it . 
  well , i 'm single so i do n't have numbers for any of those options . 
  my dog does a mean 100m sprint , though . 
  would n't it be 50/50 anyway ... ? 
  it definitely would be for me . 
  i 'd like a wedding when i get married , but i 'd like it little and intimate and sweet in a small reception room in a historic house somewhere . 
  no glitzy dress but something elegant , a nice dinner afterwards , just family , maybe a fun disco to swing the night away . 
  casual , easy , fun . 
  extended family and best friends only . 
  big over the top shows are n't my style . 
  who cares ? 
  she 's a silly girl looking for attention if she 's asking her ex long term boyfriend to give her dating advice . 
  tell her you do n't know , you do n't care and that you wo n't be talking to her again until she grows up quite a lot . 
  it is , absolutely . 
  the difference here is that you say you 're attracted to her and fully in love with her , so now you 're just being picky . 
  look , she knows she probably does n't have the best brushing routine in the world . 
  she is also ( probably ? ), 
  not a magazine model with bright pearly whites and she does n't need to be perfect in every single way just to keep you happy . 
  i 'm sure there are some not so pretty parts about you that she glosses over too . 
  learn to love her , slightly off white teeth and all , because picking apart reasons why your girlfriend is less than perfect is not an attractive trait . 
  so basically , get over yourself , and if you ca n't get over yourself go and find someone else who bleaches their teeth so white you can see your face in them . 
  so about the pregnancy and modern medicine bit : is she on any kind of birth control ? 
  because if she is , then there must be * some * modern medicine she approves of , and you can approach the subject of vaccines through that . 
  if not , then , uh , i 'd best stop sleeping with her to avoid your future unvaxxed child cropping up . 
  jesus , you 're not twelve . 
  stop worrying about the exact points of her life in which she finds humour in what you 're saying or doing and just try asking her out . 
  i try and stick to subs where it does n't crop up so much , like / r/askwomen , / r/fantasy , / r/bodyweightfitness , stuff like that . 
  even / r/relationships is n't too bad , and if the thread starts getting screwed up then i just nope out of there . 
  there 's a cute engagement photo post in / r/movies right now that just turned so * mean * i could n't stand reading it any more . 
  that 's reddit for you - sometimes you see some genuinely funny clever stuff , but so much of the time a lot of things just end up downright cruel . 
  nah , you 're not crazy . 
  you just have to remember that other people do n't have the same opinions as you , plenty of women like their tattoos ( like me ) , and you 'll just have a smaller dating pool than others to pick from . 
  i know , right ? 
  i honestly do n't know where all the vitriol came from . 
  i thought it was cute too . 
  basically your boyfriend is a lying , cheating child and you 're better off without him . 
   he sent her those messages with the intention of getting her hopes up to be back together , and then wanted to crush all of her hopes . 
  if nothing else , i would have broken up with him just for that !, 
  how * cruel * and * petty * and * mean * do you have to be to do something like that ? 
  he could n't be an adult , stop talking to his ex , and tell her not to make contact , he had to say he had this hurtful , stupid plan to be awful to a girl he apparently used to be in love with . 
  it was ridiculous to move in with a brand new boyfriend in the first place but this just confirms it . 
  go home if you have to , or crash on someone elses sofa for a few days until you can get yourself a spare room somewhere . 
  we 're not allowed to link to threads on here , but the thread 's on the second page of / r/movies right now and the title is about rom-com engagement photos . 
  not hard to miss . 
  nah , not really . 
  i did n't have any for about four years , and when i finally broke the dry spell i was actually pretty disappointed . 
  it was just quite ... ordinary . 
  it was fun , but nothing special at all . 
  wow . 
  okay . 
  well , everyone has their fetishes and that 's cool , but wiping it under your bed ( and not washing her hands ?! ), 
  is totally , totally * not * cool . 
  i would be * so * grossed out to find remnants of a partners poo hidden under my bed .
