  and it would have been there for a couple of months now , ugh . 
  they might have applied for us scholarships to get the costs down too ? 
  not really an option over here , but us unis seem much more inclined to offer assistance like that . 
  why has he got a massive chest and a teeny tiny itty bitty waist and arms ... ? 
  how would you even work out to get that shape ? 
  uh , ew . 
  no one is doing that to me . 
  ever . 
  your boyfriend , as nice as he is , sounds a bit like a pathological liar . 
  let 's just list all the lies he 's told you just in this post :, 
  * that he was going to study for a test that presumably he was never actually going to take ( the act ? 
  i do n't know the american system . ), 
  * that a friend needed emotional help when actually he just wanted to go drinking, 
  * that he 's been lying about going to college for two years . 
  that is * twenty four months * of straight up bullshit wtf . 
  * that he needed his work scheduled amended for his fake college timetable, 
  * that he smoked synthetic weed, 
  he also told you that he lies on reflex and it 's been so bad that other girlfriends have dumped him for it . 
  look , this guy does n't lie because he ` feels bad ' for mistakes , he lies because he lies and it 's just something that he does . 
  he lies about small things and massive life altering things . 
  what else is n't he telling you the truth about ? 
  i wrote and handed in my penultimate 2000 word assessment for one of my history degree modules . 
  just one more ( for that course ) and an exam to go !, 
  like ... a normal person ? 
  sure . 
  i like normal people . 
  they 're normal . 
  like ( love ) the books as i 'm a big fantasy fan anyway , * still * have n't bothered watching the show . 
  oh , and i probably like arya best . 
  the wow release chapters sound reeeeeally promising . 
  not quite , finishing second year , but i do it full time distance learning . 
  one more year to go . 
  right now i tend towards calling myself english country chic - i like equestrian boots , skinny jeans/trousers or skirts , blazers , scarfs and minimalist jewellery . 
  my favourite brands are barbour , fatface and hobbs , or joules when i can find a good sale on . 
  do n't let your weight hold yourself back - really , it 's secondary to your love life . 
  go on dates , meet a cool guy and do your loss thang at the same time . 
  there 's no point putting off dating just for arbitrary weight targets . 
  if you like tightly focused series , definitely have a look at robin hobb 's farseer trilogy , starting with * assassins apprentice * . 
  it 's first person pov focusing on the main character fitzchivalry farseer from when he 's about six all the way through to late thirties ( so far ) and the training he recieves as an assassin and a bastard prince . 
  hobb is * amazing * at really making you feel for and love her characters and you end up feeling like saying goodbye to an old friend at the end of the books . 
  be warned , she does put fitz through the wringer on so many occasions but it 's completely worth it . 
  the liveships trilogy do move around to more viewpoints of different characters but it ties in very cleverly with farseer and tawny man which goes back to fitz 's story . 
  probably the unspoken rule that up to date 2 or 3 , you can do a quiet fade away if you do n't explicitly want to tell the person you 've decided you do n't really want to go out with them . 
  after date 3 ( or sex , i guess ) you have to be more upfront about it . 
  yup . 
  changing it now . 
  worked as a theatre technician for about seven years , doing sales now and also retraining with a new degree to be a secondary school history teacher . 
  love it , do n't regret it . 
  my mum also switched career completely when she was 50 , going from marketing to be a social worker . 
  my best friend quit her biology phd two weeks ago and is now looking at going into technology fields instead . 
  i like guys with dogs because i have a dog who i do shows with on a monthly basis , so i 'd like to have a common interest with him for a hobby which i 'm quite dedicated to . 
  i travel a lot to do shows and it can take up a whole weekend , so if he 's cool with that then it 's just another plus in my book . 
  do n't * much * care about the breed - i have a larger gundog breed myself ( an english setter ) and toy breeds do n't appeal much . 
  do n't get a dog because it 's ` manly ' , that 's the stupidest thing ever . 
  get a breed that you like and that fits in with your lifestyle , not because it 's got some arbitrary masculine ideals associated with it . 
  that would be a stupid amount of work , copying and pasting jokes into google to see if he 's got an actual sense of humour . 
  i give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  anyway , even if i * did * find the joke funny , if i like him enough to meet up it would be pretty obvious whether he 's naturally funny or not . 
  ca n't copy and paste real conversations . 
  on saturday i went to a day of lectures about ancient greece at the british museum , arranged in collaboration with the open university who i 'm studying with . 
  it was so interesting , and one lecturer was so good that he actually made me interested in greek pottery , which i 'd previously found inanely boring up until now . 
  there was also a small group talk on egypt under roman emperors and i had time to have a small wander around the bm and see other things like the rosetta stone and elgin marbles too . 
  loved it !, 
  mostly this week i 'm just looking forward to the desolation of smaug blu ray coming out . 
  small things , really . 
  your parents do n't have a damn word to say on whether you got pierced or not . 
  you do n't live at home , you are not under their rules . 
  your sister also does not have a word to say on how you live your life because you are * twenty five * . 
  she is also twenty two and needs to grow up instead of being a whiny little brat . 
  ignore her . 
  do what you need to do and let her stamp her feet . 
  remind her that tattling and tale telling is not a particularly adult way to go about things either . 
  you are not a bad daughter , you 're a very * good * daughter under a lot of stress with a sister who clearly likes to stir the pot . 
  rise above her , ignore her little tantrums and tattles . 
  she 's only trying to get a reaction out of you , and if you just ignore her she 'll get bored . 
  tell your dad that if your piercing is n't acceptable that 's okay , you 'll just stay in a hotel instead . 
  you 're an adult now , not a child who can be told what to do all the time . 
  well , my dad 's one of six siblings . 
  the three boys have all stayed within half an hour of each other and within an hour of my grandmother who now has dementia and alzheimers . 
  the three girls have all moved to the other end of the country ; two to scotland , one to wales . 
  my brother 's more of a homeboy than i am too , and he wants to end up with a mortgage and family in the village where we were born . 
  i 'm living at home now , but i 'd rather stay in the region and end up 1-2 hours away to have my own life again . 
  if i was n't interested then i 'd politely decline and say i had [ x ] activity early the next morning . 
  that would only be if we were changing locations though ; i would n't just up and leave halfway through a bad date . 
  i 'd at least see it out to the end . 
  i do n't have any desire to tell anyone that i 've got a steady drip of blood coming from my vagina that week , argument or not . 
  my period has very little reflection on my mood - i want a little more alone time and a lot more chocolate , i do n't want to be treated like a child throwing a temper tantrum just because of what my hormones might be doing . 
  it 's * likely * , but it 's never absolute and it 's never automatic . 
  enthusiastic consent is key . 
  however , saying that , i 've slept in the same bed as other guy friends and would have been horrified if they had made a move on me . 
  there are so many variables to consider here , and there is no cut or dried yes or no . 
  yup , definitely . 
  i 've forgotten details , but i 've had more men that i 'd like try and come on to me in unwelcome ways , especially ` get your boobs out ' . 
  it 's meant as a humourous guide , but i do think this [ british translation guide ] ( http://todayilearned.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/what-the-british-say-and-what-they-mean-translation-guide-739x1024.jpg ) is very accurate for what we say and what we * actually * mean . 
  with us brits , it 's all about the power of the understatement and never taking yourself too seriously . 
  we do n't like to brag or boast too much and tend to think warily of people who do ( if you want to do sales , ignore that for the most part ) . 
  networking largely involves talks in the pub or nearby bars so do n't feel put off if alcohol is involved , because it 's very much what we do , * especially * in scotland . 
  people mostly consider americans to be outgoing , friendly folk with a big handshake and a massive smile . 
  i expect most americans i meet will be very enthusiastic about * everything * , energetic and really quite talkative . 
  the scots have a * very * dry sense of humour , so do expect to have the piss taken out of you a fair amount .
