  i am an adult . 
  if you think i 'm someone you would like to date , treat me like an * adult * and then we can talk . 
  or not , if you 're a trper . 
  i 'm also a bartender , and i 'm calling bullshit on the ` chance to score ' thing . 
  i get flirted with behind the bar ( mostly by total idiots , mind ) because people are * drunk * , and drunk people have lower inhibitions . 
  there 's nothing about dominance going on . 
  drunk people get handsy and flirty , and try to be nice to me because i 'm the one making all of their drinks . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  yes , and i have worked behind a bar for around eight years now . 
  my male coworkers get no more attention than us girls , and they certainly do n't pull that often . 
  you 've brought girls home from bars because that 's what bars are * there * for . 
  i 've brought guys home , too . 
  does n't mean dominance has anything to do with it - it just means that bars are sociable atmospheres where people can and do hook up . 
  look past the useless social dominance stuff for a moment and just * think * about the situations you 're going in to and why they might work in your favour . 
  i just have n't found the person who matches me , is all . 
  it 's no big deal , and it says more about the person who thinks i 'm a sad , unlucky woman for not having a partner than it does about me . 
  i 'm thirty , but i 've finished one career and i 'm starting another , have two degrees , worked on a cruise ship , travelled the world and made so many friends i 've lost count . 
  i 'm so much more than just mrs xyz . 
  my younger brother is getting married next year , so is my best friend , and i 've been to two family weddings already this year . 
  i 'm happy for * them * , but i 'm not jealous . 
  it 'll be my turn eventually and i 'm fine to wait . 
  i 'd rather stay that ` unlucky ' unmarried lady and find the best person possible for me in my fifties or sixties than pine away my twenties and thirties for mr okay for right now . 
  for what it 's worth i * do * get tired of all of the media attention on single women - like , all the fuss about jennifer aniston pining for years over brad pitt is ridiculous . 
  she 's a really stupidly busy lady with every concievable hot man around her and she could have a pick of husbands to have a paparazzi wedding with !, 
  but she does n't * want * to , and i think that 's so cool . 
  haha , it 'll certainly be a nice reminder to have on your wall !, 
  i 'd love to get married some day and walk down the aisle with an amazing partner , but i resent the idea that a wedding day is the ultimate pinnacle of my life , and all of my achievements have only been leading up to that . 
  i 'm a whole person , not just a lady in a white dress . 
   one guy flat out accused me of lying in order to trap him into getting me pregnant so i could get him to marry & provide for me . 
  how does that logic even * work * ? 
  `` no , i 'm not interested in getting married right now or having kids . 
  i 'm fine as i am . '', 
  `` you 're just saying that so i 'll get you pregnant ! '', 
  like ... what ? 
  how did his mind even make that leap ? 
  i think just saying `` okay , let me know '' is just going to let it lapse . 
  like , you were the one who asked her out and expressed interest , why should * she * be the one to pick a day and try to make arrangements ? 
  if i turn a date down once ( assuming we 've flirted beforehand and this is n't out of the blue ) , i might just be busy . 
  if you * genuinely * feel like she turned you down because she was n't interested , then let it go . 
  if you feel like she was disappointed in having to say no , then say something like `` hey , turns out i 'm free on tuesday if you want to do something '' and either go from there , or drop it if she backs out a second time . 
  i do n't care . 
  it 's not for me , but others are free to bonk to their hearts content if that 's what they enjoy . 
  if she 's negotiating with a breeder over a new puppy , i would contact the breeder seperately and tell her that this is unlikely to happen . 
  hopefully this will make the breeder withdraw the offer , and you 'll have more time to work with before another dog turns up on your doorstep . 
  it 's more fair to them to have an offer fall through than for them to think that their puppy is going to a good home , and actually have them returned a few weeks later . 
  i 'm not sure about laws , but we have a christmas theatre tradition called pantomime , which is a family friendly show based on fairy tales that pretty much everyone goes to see at least once . 
  the villain always appears on stage left , the fairy godmother always appears on stage right , there 's a grown man dressed in drag to play the dame ( usually the hero 's mother ) , the lead boy is normally a girl wearing tights , there 's lots of call and response `` he 's behind you ! '', 
  `` oh yes he is / oh no he is n't ! '', 
  and usually a sing-song at the end . 
  i actually date because i enjoy dates !, 
  i really like going out and meeting an interesting guy , having dinner and a conversation and enjoying a good night out with someone new . 
  i 'd love to find my person to marry , but i do n't hold out hope that the next person i go for a drink with is going to be my own otp . 
  better to just go , have a fun time , keep an optimistic mind and see what happens . 
  i think i have about # 25,000 now ? 
  maybe # 30,000 . 
  i did one degree with a maintenance loan on the smaller fees , i 've just done a second degree with ou tuition fees of about # 15,000 a year and i 'm just about to go into teacher training which is another # 9,000 with a # 8,000 maintenance loan for one year . 
  ( i think . 
  i forget what my tuition fees are for the pgce . ), 
  you can pay it off here with deductions through your paycheque once you earn over # 21,000 until you 're 65 , at which point they write off the remainder . 
  the repayment threshold is probably lower for my first degree , but i 've never paid much attention to it anyway . 
  it 's just a thing that happens . 
  i 'm just going into my final week after three years of doing sales for my dad 's company . 
  he 's been a really good boss and very flexible , and both of us have been good at separating work and home , which is really helpful . 
  i 've also been living at home at the same time , so i 've been spending a * lot * of time with my dad , and i think it 's actually given us a better relationship , as he can be a bit distant sometimes . 
  really , just be professional . 
  be on top of your work , come in on time and work the hours you should , and handle your clients like any other professional . 
  our office is tiny so it 's perfectly okay to discuss home and family stuff , and we 'll both complain about my mum to each other when she 's been driving us up the wall . 
  i bring in the family dog to the office every day too , and it 's been nice to talk about the stupid things he does , or remind each other to get biscuit/clip his nails/give him a brush when we get home . 
  recognise to separate the boss and the parent , and do n't take any criticism personally - work stresses anyone out , and it 's easy to let words get away from you . 
  i mix up calling dad ` dad ' or ` peter ' in the office - i prefer to use peter generally , but i do n't think he minds if i use dad . 
  a small bonus is that customers who we have good relations with will often ask if i 'm his daughter , and ask me to pass along a message or joke about how much he 's been playing golf , and that helps me get a bit closer to them , too . 
  i 've enjoyed it , and we 're both pleased that i 'm moving on to do my own career goals , but i 'll be sad to go . 
  yeah , i definitely find i 'm more aware of the ship and the actors as two totally different things , far more than i ever did as a teenager . 
  my favourite ship is stucky ( steve rogers/bucky barnes ) , but i would much rather read gen fic that was true to the characters than just pwp slash . 
  it feels more important now to support good writing that really takes from the canon source and does things properly , because that 's how the actors , the actual people playing the characters , see them . 
  not that they all see them the same way anyway - hayley atwell thinks steve and peggy slept together during the war , whereas chris evans thinks steve is still a virgin . 
  it 's fun to speculate , i think , as long as you can separate the character and the actor . 
  i dunno , does that make sense ? 
  i do still love slash fics , but my tastes have changed a lot to much more gen stuff . 
  what should he have done ?? 
  he should have pulled the pit bull off of his labrador and then taken it * home * to get its owners to deal with it . 
  instead he dumped it in a pool , held it there and watched it drown . 
  what the * fuck * . 
  and he 's not even a little bit sorry about it !, 
  i understand the need to protect your dog , but your boyfriend killed an animal and does n't even care . 
  ( i 'm not a dude ), 
  i know you 're right , really . 
  my first comment was just a really visceral reaction to the idea of someone intentionally drowning someone else 's pet . 
  i 've tried to think about it on the same scale as shooting a fox who is killing chickens , and it does feel more justifiable that way . 
  i still do n't agree with what ops boyfriend did , and i still think it could have been resolved another way without the pit being drowned ( which is a horrible death ) , but i do understand why he did what he did . 
  mission impossible !, 
  it 's great fun , and the action sequences are amaaaazing . 
  i loved ant-man too . 
  film soundtracks and classical music . 
  i know , right ?? 
  when the fuck did that show up ? 
  because i do n't really have a type , and even if i did , i 'd like to date outside that so i can meet every possible potential partner and not just the ones i * think * i want . 
  no idea . 
  i 'm great at my favourite subjects ( english , classics and history ) but it 's really hard for me to pick up any kind of maths or science concepts . 
  i 'm pretty socially savvy too .
