  was . 
  * amazing * . 
  i loved the rough cut , but this is so much better . 
  the extra beats , the whole last third of it - just perfect . 
  i had butterflies through the whole thing . 
  i love that last shot of tony looking at coulson 's bloodstain - absolutely perfect editing . 
  the sound is great , the pacing is much better - wow . 
  loved , loved , loved it . 
  i hope this gets just as much attention as the rough cut , and more !, 
  bombay sapphire gin and tonic with lime . 
  yummy !, 
  i love how caring my mum is . 
  she always listens , always empathises and always tells us how much she loves us . 
  she 's only ever wanted the best for us and for us to be happy . 
  what i do n't like is that she can be such a snob sometimes !, 
  she does n't hide it , either . 
  the part when i 've just woken up but do n't have to get up for half an hour or so , my bed is warm and squashy and i feel ridiculously lazy and comfortable . 
  i love my bed . 
  you really just have to make the effort to reach out and organise stuff . 
  i skype occasionally with a close friend in scotland , texted my best friend to find out what she was doing last weekend and drove an hour to spend the day with her , and i 'm making plans to see my other best friend in london next week . 
  i contacted all of them first this time around . 
  if you keep making those connections and keep making contact it really does pay off . 
  i 'm a teacher trainee too !, 
  what subject do you teach ? 
  it 's such tough work but i love the kids . 
  dogs . 
  i love dogs , i intend to own ( multiple ) big , hairy dogs and one of my major hobbies revolves around dogs and can take up whole weekends and plenty of travelling to be around them . 
  i could n't date anyone who did n't like or was allergic to them . 
  42nd street !, 
  i just loooove lullaby of broadway . 
  it 's a real fuzzy feeling warm classic . 
  i do dog shows !, 
  it 's a bit of a family hobby actually , my dad , nanna and great aunt have all shown for years . 
  it means i spend weekends bathing and trimming the dog on one day and then travelling , showing and travelling back the next say . 
  shows have lovely atmospheres though . 
   i mean , i walk to and fro but it 's not going to make me fit nor does it count as exercise, 
  it 's not exactly strenuous exercise , no , but exercise does n't have to mean flat out sweaty exhaustion . 
  if you are moving , and you make an effort to move it 's a good start . 
  you just have to make yourself move in some form for a little longer , or with a little more effort each time . 
  the thing is , you 're only twenty . 
  this is the time to build good habits , so that thirty year old you is n't looking back and thinking ` god , i wish i had just done more of those slow walks more often ' . 
  you might not * intend * to balloon up , but being proactive now in lots of small ways will help make sure that it definitely does n't happen . 
   kids / now adults will only work hard if they like you / their boss . 
   is that a productive end goal - productivity based on co-dependency ? 
  works for me . 
  in the last school i was in on placement , i knew that the headteacher was a good headteacher because he made the staff and students feel wanted . 
  he supported those around him to do the best possible job , motivated them into giving that little bit extra even when they were flagging , put sanctions in where they were needed , and made the school feel like a community through his perseverance and energy . 
  the results naturally followed on from that . 
  is there another way that i could have worked out if he was a good headteacher ? 
  probably - but knowing that he motivated everyone he was around was just as good for me . 
  it 's the same for us as teachers . 
  maybe consider the opinion that you 're only thirteen and they would really , really miss having you in the house if you went away ? 
  it 's not about money , it 's about their attachment to * you * as a person . 
  you 've got so much time to go as far away as you want once you 're done with secondary school and uni , believe me !, 
  sure . 
  i went on a great date with a guy in a wheelchair a year or so ago where he had me laughing the entire time . 
  i would have gone on more , but he had a few kids and i 'd rather not date fathers right now . 
  you 're in this relationship for the wrong reasons and asking the wrong questions . 
  it 's not about whether it 's strange that you 're not into each other , it 's more about the fact that you 're only going out because you do n't want to be by yourself . 
  that 's the unhealthy part . 
  break it off , learn to be okay single for a while , and then go find someone who you really * want * to be with and who is n't just a half measure . 
  my [ english setter ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sggrx1j.jpg ) is called [ henry ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bkkhlrp.jpg ) and he 's my baby . 
  he 's properly called henry ford , as my dad has a little tradition of naming our dogs after the cars we have at the time . 
  our last two dogs were called beema and cosworth , as in a bmw and ford cosworth . 
  aw thank you !, 
  i fall in love with that soppy face every time i see him . 
  in order to get hired for any job , you need to prove that you have worked before . 
  not just done stuff in your industry , actually * worked * for an employer who pays you , or arranged your own freelance paying work * like tutoring * . 
  employers want to know that you will turn up for the job , day in and day out even when you 're working on something that you do n't actually want to do . 
  that is being an * adult * . 
  that is * life * . 
  get over yourself . 
  you need to bring in your own money , not just live off of somebody else 's all day long . 
  what happens if you do n't walk into some amazing cs job straight out of uni ? 
  what will you do if you finish your degree and your parents say right , you 're on your own , you need to get your own cash . 
  you will have to find a job , like waitressing , or like tutoring . 
  everyone goes through working a shit job at some point in their lives to bring home the bacon . 
  you are no exception . 
  you can also be different through what you have done outside the course . 
  employers do n't want single minded robots who have dedicated themselves night and day to one thing . 
  they want well rounded people who can work to a deadline , work as a team and have experience outside the industry as well as knowing their shit about their specialism . 
  cs companies are not unique in only ever wanting acres of projects . 
  you are still going to need to show that you can be a hard working employee . 
  you 're focusing way too hard on these one or two things and excluding everything else . 
  your mum does n't want you to give up your whole summer and not do any project work . 
  in fact , she 's even trying to persuade you to take the easier option of tutoring that 's only a couple of hours each time rather than the long shift hard manual labour work of a waitress !, 
  she just wants you to bring in a bit of money , like an adult , and get out of the house for a while . 
  she knows , like we all do , that you need to show a normal job of some kind on your cv . 
  listen to us , please . 
  we 're the adults in here . 
  we know what you need to get along in life . 
  that includes a part time job . 
  glad to hear it op . 
   just remember that it does n't have to be all summer long , it 's an easy job that is just a couple of hours at a time , it keeps your mum happy and it brings in a bit of extra cash that you can put towards whatever you want . 
  everyone wins . 
  i 'm in the uk and the vast majority of schools have uniform . 
  i also went to an all girls school , and the female staff were heavier on us about our skirt length than the male staff , which i think is appropriate . 
  we used to have to kneel on the desks for a skirt inspection to make sure they came down to our knees and were n't rolled up too much . 
  funnily enough , as a teacher now i think the skirts at the school i work at are wayyyy too short . 
  they 're apparently going to be changing the rules about length and bringing in a - line skirts and my year 8 girls were absolutely up in arms about it last week .
