  i work for a very very small family company , so i do n't get to meet people at work either . 
  i have sociable hobbies , but so far they 've provided limited scope for eligible bachelors . 
  it is * hard * to make friends when you 're in your late twenties . 
  anyone here will tell you that . 
  dating sites mean i can go and meet anyone i like who lives within an hour and a half of my local area who i would n't meet otherwise . 
  they mean i can organically form my own connections without waiting for my very few local coupled friends to throw a single man my way . 
  they also mean i have opportunities to get out the house , meet different guys and make friends that way . 
  when you 're at school or university it 's easy to meet all kinds of new people . 
  when you 're out on your own in the big adult world , having an extra resource like online dating just makes things so much easier . 
  i expect check in for your flight wo n't be open before that , and there 's no point in having lots of people just hanging around the lobby area waiting for not much to happen . 
  a fun time with no pressure for anything more . 
  when i did ons , i was never looking for a super stud , just a guy who i thought was hot and who i had a good time with . 
  mutual orgasm hopefully ( though never guaranteed ) , a guy who knew what he was doing in enough capacity for us both to have fun , and a fun , relaxed time . 
  one dog , an [ english setter ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u62wohs ) called henry . 
  he 's two and he 's my baby . 
  i went to a single sex grammar school too !, 
  we were girls only right through sixth form though . 
  i loved it - i think it definitely influenced me in a lot of ways even now . 
  i like action films best where stuff blows up . 
  i 'm all about guardians of the galaxy right now , but since that 's not on dvd yet it would have to be inception , avengers assemble , or casino royale . 
  oh , and a devastatingly hot lead actor/supporting member of the cast . 
  that helps too . 
  never been the case for me , but it seems to be all of us have wildly different tastes in men anyway , so we never really clash . 
  for my two friends who did sort of call ` dibs ' in uni ( ' i really like him , please do n't flirt with him ' ) , the other friend totally ignored that request anyway , and they had a bit of a falling out . 
  probably , unless we stay in contact via phone/text/skype . 
  out of sight , out of mind and all that . 
  i took my dog out for almost three hours yesterday , plus he had an afternoon chasing my little cousins around , and he 's * still * a pain in the neck in the office today . 
  no , i ca n't play with you , stop barking at me when i 'm on the phone to a customer !, 
  i read hobb 's tawny man trilogy before i read liveships ( i was impatient to carry on with fitz 's story ) , and i do think it lost a little something in the final impact . 
  it meant i got really quite confused on one big character reveal , and i did n't particularly feel the importance of the wider world events [ spoiler ] ( #s ` i.e. 
  the return of dragons ' ) that i might have done if i 'd read it in order . 
  we 're still classist , but in a lot of ways it 's anti classist , especially as far as education goes . 
  we do n't want grammar schools , they keep the elite being elite and shut out my nice but dim chardonnay . 
  we do n't want independent schools or selective streaming or tutoring , they keep the elite being elite . 
  there 's a lot of ` we need to accomodate the common bottom factor ' , and as someone who a ) benefited from a grammar education and b ) wants to work in the independent school sector , it does grate my nerves a bit . 
  i understand our desperate british need to not stand out and be particularly good at anything , but i do n't think railing against how academic streaming leaves some behind will help the wider world . 
  we always need the super smarts and we always need shelf stackers . 
  to be honest , i 'd be pissed at you too , though i ca n't exactly pin my finger on why . 
  you 're right , clean is clean no matter who does it , but it does also mean that you 're not pulling your fair share of chores in the house , which you had agreed to do when you first moved in . 
  it also means that you put your needs ( mcat ) ahead of your roommates needs ( clean flat ) , when they put your needs ( clean flat ) ahead of their needs ( exams ) . 
  it 's all about fair division of labour , and although the job was done , it was n't done by * you * . 
  i understand the importance of getting your exams down , but would one hour cleaning the living room once a week * really * have done that much damage to your prep ? 
  if your roommates thought paying a cleaner was worth it , then they would have paid a cleaner . 
  i honestly think you need to schedule your time a bit better , rather than prioritising only your needs over everyone else in the house . 
  just because someone does n't have a ` right ' to be mad does n't mean they ca n't be . 
  i 'm just giving the other side of the opinion - if one of my flatmates at uni had skipped out on pulling their fair share of chores and their boyfriend had done it instead , i 'd be irritated . 
  everyone is in the same position here - they 're all at uni , they 've all got time taken up with lectures and whatever , and op 's the one person getting her boyfriend to do the job . 
  sally is n't totalling batshit , is all i 'm saying . 
   i did n't ignore my turn or refuse to do it because i was busy, 
  yeah , but do they know that ? 
  you told them your bf did it rather than the fact that he offered to because you were mock exam-ing . 
  my bet is they 're now saying to each other `` do you know , op got her * boyfriend * to clean instead of her ? 
  ' , which makes it sound like you did refuse to pitch in . 
  honestly , i do n't blame you - if someone else said ` hey , you stay here , i 'll go do your housework ' , i would jump at it . 
  anyone would . 
  i just think sally probably feels like you 're shirking what you originally agreed to do . 
  look , i really really do not give a crap how op 's apartment got cleaned . 
  it could not bother me less , but op * asked * why her roommate might now be shitty , and i 'm saying it might not be because she 's a pissy bitch ( as according to everyone else in here ) , it might be because she 's annoyed that she did her elbow grease in cleaning , and op did n't . 
  roommate arguments are n't the bastion of logic , they 're based on stupid picky things . 
  this is a stupid picky thing , and this might be why sally is pissed at op about it . 
  op , there 's no point in arguing with me over the technical details of your rota sheet . 
  sally is the one who 's mad at you , not me . 
  if you want to keep the peace , just go to her and say `` sorry , the mcat has got me all harrassed and boyfriend offered to help me out . 
  it was a nice offer , so i said yes . 
  i know things are n't going to be better for a few weeks , so i 've got some groupon coupons to keep my side of things clean . 
  are you cool with that ? '', 
  if she 's decent , i 'm sure it 'll be fine . 
  if she 's not decent , well , then you 've got bigger problems than a cleaning rota . 
  5 ' 9 '' , 12 stone . 
  i 'm trying to eat less and go on a few more walks with the dog to lose a stone , but although i 'm very disciplined with my lunch i keep ruining it all at dinner time . 
  i 'm happy with my body and how it looks , but a bit less off the stomach could n't hurt . 
  i 'm english and quite rp anyway , but when i use the phone in the office i 'm * definitely * more proper and well spoken than when i use it at home . 
  i make more effort to smile on the office phone too , as customers can hear it in your voice . 
  he does n't deserve you , and never has . 
  he wants to be non monogamous for the next six months ? 
  op , he has n't been monogamous for the last two years !, 
  you 've given him so many chances and he 's let you down every single time . 
  do n't let this man stomp all over you . 
  also , tell him his little line about ` refusing to hurt you ' is total bullshit and he knows it . 
  if you 're just sketching someone in a public place doing something ordinary , i think that 's cool . 
  learning how the body moves and flexes is crucial to those technical drawing skills , right ? 
  i think private drawings to practice your technique is fine . 
  i briefly dated an actor , and i lived and worked with them for three years ( i was a theatre technician for a while ) . 
  let me tell you , they are fantastic , and also some of the most insecure bunch of people you are ever likely to meet . 
  also , being around actors is * exhausting * . 
  they have to constantly be the wittiest , most charming , most amusing people in the room . 
  i 'm an extrovert , but god it was exhausting . 
  the guy i dated also networked * constantly * . 
  i could never keep up with his social address book , seeing as apparently he knew everyone who was anyone in edinburgh and london . 
  actors are no more likely to cheat than people in any other industry , but it 's definitely hard work keeping up with them . 
  i think they 're okay , but i do think there should be more options for sexy male costumes or more concealing female costumes . 
  sexy vampire is cool , but when you 're also faced with a wall of sexy greek goddess , sexy zombie nurse , sexy witch and sexy air stewardess , it gets really dull really fast . 
  yeah , i 'd probably say glasgow too . 
   i 'm not sure i 'd like to pay for such a downgrade !, 
  the thing is , it * is * a downgrade , but it teaches you so much about living alone . 
  how vital buying loo roll really is , how to live with people you do n't really know , and how to really truly stand on your own two feet without your parents behind you . 
  i 'm sure you 're very independent at home anyway , but it is so different when you 're actually out doing it all alone . 
  for one , that full fridge at christmas time when you do come home is the beacon of your entire existence . 
  i 'd also add , as someone who is changing career to go into teaching , do n't bypass your degree as ` something to get before teaching training ' . 
  love for your subject will be half the job .
