  if you love good characters , robin hobb has them in * spades * , and writes amazing women too . 
  the fool is my single all-time favourite fictional character out of any genre or media . 
  start with * assassins apprentice * and go from there . 
  best : no so ( yet ) , but there was one guy who i met and clicked with from the word go . 
  it was just dinner in a restaurant , but it was such a fun date , and we did some * amazing * making out in the car park afterwards . 
  he ended up fading out on me after date 3 or so , but man , he was great . 
  worst : mr needy , for sure . 
  told me halfway through the evening that this was the first date he had been on in several * years * ( ouch , pressure much ? ), 
  and his closing line was something like `` if you have any vacancies for the position of your boyfriend , i think i could be top of the list . '', 
  i do n't have too much spare time at the moment , but mostly i like to read novels , read fanfiction , netflix , play with the dog and go to the cinema . 
  i 've got a lot of heavy degree study right now , so i sort of find myself regressing to teenager interests with the fanfic to wind down . 
  bigger hobbies are running , doing dog shows and going to history museums whenever i can . 
  our living space is * much * smaller than what you 'll be used to , and london is really stupidly expensive - but honestly , what 's that going to matter for a few months ? 
  you 've been given such a great opportunity , come over and join us for a bit !, 
  i 'm 29 and still single but rocking every other part of my life . 
  do n't let peer pressure get you down !, 
  facebook can be a total arse for making you feel like a loser , but it 's really not true . 
  i was randomly placed with this cool blonde girl as a flatmate in digs for my first year of uni , and we got along really well and carried on living together for second and third year ( along with a couple of others ) . 
  afterwards we kind of drifted , you know how you do , but still stayed in touch , met up every so often and had a rollicking good time . 
  i considered her a really close friend . 
  she 's a bit ditzy and self-centered , but still a good laugh . 
  now for the last two years it has become * impossible * to get hold of her - and not just me , for the rest of our uni group as well . 
  she never answers her texts , fb messages or any phone calls . 
  sometimes i leave a message once every few months saying that i miss her , but i * never * get anything back . 
  you see her on fb occasionally , posting photos with her new london friends , so i know she 's around but she 's just not interested in talking to any of us . 
  i 'd love to hang out with her again , but honestly i 've had to just give up on her as any kind of friend . 
  i 'm not even sure if she 'll come to the party i 'm throwing for my 30th birthday . 
  that sucks , but it 's for my own sanity not to chase her and just to focus on the real friends that i do have . 
  i 'm pretty sure i was 13 and we went to see titanic . 
  i think it was a group date ? 
  i do n't remember much about it , but i 'm pretty sure it was cute and awkward in the way 13 year olds always are . 
  i 'd love to see bucky pop up even for two minutes , just to explain why cap has gone back to the avengers rather than carrying on his soldier hunt , and what the soldier is doing in the world now . 
  i did wonder about it too - i 'd seen that stan 's stunt double had put up a photo of an age of ultron jacket on twitter , but apparently he does stunt co-ordination or something too . 
  if you fall into that mindset of ' i must do x by y age ' , then all you 're doing is putting yourself under pressure to meet everyone * elses * expectations , and let 's be honest - no one cares . 
  i could not give a crap whether my friends get married at 21 or 51 . 
  i could not care less whether they have babies , or do n't , or adopt later , or spend their whole lives being dinks and travelling the world . 
  do you ? 
  as long as they are * happy * is the only thing that matters for me . 
  being petty and looking down on people for not being married at 25 says more about me than it does about anyone else . 
  do n't fall into that trap . 
  live your life for * you * , not for what everyone else thinks you should do . 
  give yourself some slack , and do n't worry so much about ticking boxes off of a list . 
  i promise , you 'll have far more fun that way . 
  i love how ridiculously quickly all of the new mcu news hits the front page in here - everyone 's so keen to talk about every little bit of info we get , so everything gets picked up and it 's great . 
  sure , there 's a lot of repetitiveness sometimes ( can we relax about spidey just a * little * bit , please ? 
  ) , but i know it 's only because we 're all so excited about it all . 
  i mean , just re-read the el capitan press conference thread - everyone was so over the moon and thrilled about it all !, 
  i still think that 's one of my favourite marvel days so far . 
  everyone 's so friendly and helpful , too . 
  there 's never the feeling that you 're coming in late to the party and missing out on all of the comics backstory , because people in here are always happy to help out and fill in the details that newbies might have missed out on . 
  it does n't matter whether you 've seen thor or agent carter or not , there 's always someone around to catch you up , and i 've never seen anyone being mean or patronising about it . 
  it just makes the sub feel so welcoming to every kind of fan . 
  and lastly , i 'm so glad you mods have stepped up the game !, 
  the weekly discussions are great , and i * love * the rewatch ideas to keep everyone involved and interested . 
  you 're one of my favourites , / r/marvelstudios . 
  never change . 
  honestly , it 's good to have vague ideas about when you 'd like to settle down , but please do n't panic if things do n't end up matching your timeline . 
  maybe you 'll get the opportunity to live abroad when you 're 28 , or you do n't meet your future spouse until then , or you get a massive promotion , or change career , or get sick , and kids just have to go on the back burner for a while . 
  you 're also going to be so different as a person by the time you get to thirty . 
  i turn the big 3-0 in less than a month and i am nothing like my 21 year old self . 
  you might have totally different priorities by then !, 
  life is going to throw you all sorts of curveballs , and you have to just roll with it rather than pigeonholing yourself . 
  i 'm sure that no matter when things end up happening , you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  yup !, 
  i love my mooncup . 
  it 's so ridiculously handy , and makes things soooooo much easier for me . 
  i 've had it a couple of years now , and the amount of money i 'm sure i 've saved with a cup makes it a no-brainer for me . 
  i was in copenhagen last week when auntie flo appeared , but just having the little cup in my suitcase meant that i did n't even have to think about it . 
  i 'm a typical boomerang , unfortunately . 
  i moved out for uni at 19 , had to move back at 25/26 for a career change and a new degree , and i 'll be moving out again for good this summer when i 'll be 30 . 
  i * wish * i could have been out of here earlier ( god i miss my independence ) , but it just has n't been doable . 
  edit : i think for moving out ages , it varies massively depending on what country people are from . 
  americans seem to have more of the ` out at 18 ' mentality than europeans or asians do . 
  i 'm from the uk , and i know several people who have pinged in and out of home . 
  how is it johns expense ? 
  he 's not spending any money here , he just lent the box set out from his own goodwill . 
  she did n't even ask for it !, 
  john needs to calm the fuck down , rather than jumping to ` well , she 's clearly just a massive bitch ' because she dared not to fall for his nice guy charms . 
  if he jumps to ` well she 's clearly just a massive bitch ' so quickly , he 's not really a very nice guy at all . 
  i was in copenhagen for a few days last week and had a great time !, 
  there 's loads to do , and it 's a really pretty city to just wander around and explore . 
  here in the uk you 've got loads of options - cambridge and oxford are both beautiful , and i 'll never ever get bored of edinburgh , especially in the spring time . 
  i think you 're in a bit of an unfortunate minority here if you do n't watch any kind of tv , either live or catch up , and i can understand the peevage . 
  however , i would argue that a universal levy is going to pay for the actors , costumes and sets on the dramas that others watch on catch up , the camera crews and equipment rental that programmes need and the radio department of the bbc , which ( i believe ) also gets funded out of the tv license . 
  do n't you listen to radio at all ? 
  or use iplayer or the bbc website ? 
  or watch any of the news ? 
  honestly , i would hardly argue that the bbc is non essential - the vast majority of us use * some * of its services , even if it 's just sharing news information , and that still needs to be paid for . 
  honestly , probably not . 
  i much prefer to travel solo , as i like doing things on my own time instead of sticking by someone elses schedule . 
  just to check , you 're not just hanging around waiting to see if someone else will go abroad with you , are you ? 
  you do go off and do things by yourself ? 
  i did n't watch first avenger up until about a year ago either , and now i really love it . 
  the storyline of steve and bucky 's friendship is particularly heartbreaking - going back and watching winter soldier with the knowledge of their first avenger background just makes it even more tragic . 
  that first '' -- bucky ? '', 
  from steve on the highway fight resonates so much !, 
  you 're thinking of an extra jacket that we 've seen over the top of this sleeveless armour/shirt . 
  you have to think this through . 
  he does n't want sex until you 're both ready to conceive . 
  okay .
