  you 're not that fit . 
  be content with yourself and go find someone else that is . 
  uh no . 
  because they are my friends . 
  it 's sort of like when you 're walking down a road and see a shadowy alley off to the side . 
  some people might think `` oh , i wonder what 's down there . '', 
  personally , i just walk right past and think `` nope , do n't want to know , it 's all dark and gloomy . '', 
  i do n't even think about it . 
  very . 
  wardrobe makes so much difference . 
  i 'll view you completely differently if you 're in tailored , fitted clothing as compared to a baggy jumper , old jeans and messy trainers . 
  you do n't need to walk around in a suit all the time , but guys with their own personal style are * hugely * attractive . 
  so he 's got the fedora and t-shirt on , true enough , but he 's also got hot glasses and multiple accessories to make the outfit his own . 
  also , let 's not forget a ) this is johnny depp and b ) he 's had his photo taken in a studio , so you 've got makeup , good lighting , stylists , hairdressers and editors to contend with . 
  i 've written an essay plan and introduction to an assignment due on thursday that is * killing * me . 
  it 's not even that long , 1400 words , but just getting it set out and started is making all the difference mentally . 
  totally old school , but [ celine dion 's my heart will go on ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saalgky7ifu ) reminds me every time of the last dance i had with my very first boyfriend , aged 13 , at a party . 
  he broke up with me that night , and i asked him to dance to it with me and he did . 
  awww . 
  all the preteen feelings right there . 
  ummmmm the actual question is `` can the reformation of geneva that took place under john calvin 's leadership be characterised as a french take-over ? '', 
  fun fun fun . 
  it 's basically about the protestant reformation in 16th century europe . 
  i 'm doing a distance learning history degree and this is for one of the two modules i 'm studying . 
  the other is the ancient greeks and romans , but luckily i do n't have an assignment for that one due until the end of january . 
  it 's just all the reading i have to keep up with at the same time that 's the issue !, 
  primer . 
  i will never , ever go without primer now i 've found it . 
  smooths your face pre-makeup , helps it stay on for the day , helps keep in your moisturiser . 
  just get a primer . 
  honestly . 
  it makes the world of difference . 
  my favourite is benefit 's porefessional , but right now i 'm using maybelline dream smooth primer which i actually quite like . 
  it seems to stay on really well and the texture is actually very smooth and soft . 
  he 's a very mercurial actor !, 
  i love him as sebastian flyte in brideshead revisted , but he 's also hardly recognisable as sidney in layer cake , and then goes on to the bbc tv series the hour and then q in skyfall as someone totally different again . 
  very , very talented guy . 
  frustrated with studying and with an essay i 'm having real difficulty with . 
  it 's a total slog just to get each sentence out . 
  not fun !, 
  do you know why beth married brian instead of you ? 
  because he * supported * her . 
  he looked after her and her daughter , he took care of her , he made things safe for her . 
  he did every single thing right for five years . 
  you did every single thing wrong . 
  there is no going back . 
  i 'm sorry , but you messed up every part of this relationship . 
  beth , and your daughter , deserve a stable family life . 
  you ca n't sweep in there , be the all conquering hero and ` win ' them back . 
  you do n't deserve to win them back . 
  beth chose someone else , and she made the better choice . 
  you 're thirty two years old . 
  go find your own life with someone new and make a decent relationship out of it this time . 
  keep in contact with your daughter , and be pleased for beth that now she 's got a stable home to bring a stable young woman up in . 
  you ca n't , and should n't , do anything else . 
  just want to echo everyone else here in that i could get a date , or someone to go and see probably within a week . 
  finding an actual so , someone to share my life with , takes sodding years . 
  i was working away in london when my parents had to put our last dog , beema , down at twelve years old . 
  my mum told me over the phone when i was doing my weekly shop ( i insisted she tell me ) , and i just went back to the flat and cried and cried . 
  it was awful . 
  the best way i found to help myself grieve was just to talk about him . 
  i still do , all the time . 
  i 'd talk to my parents about how much i missed him , how sweet he was , how he used to do this and this and this . 
  it 's been two and a half years since we lost him and i still talk about him . 
  we have another dog now who is eighteen months old , but henry is * so * different from beema and that actually makes it much easier , because it does n't feel like we 've replaced him at all . 
  it also almost makes it easier to mention him because we can compare the two of them , and it 's not sad , it 's really sweet . 
  so just talk to people . 
  remember your dog in all the nice ways , not all the upsetting ways - the things he chewed , or played with or used to like doing with you . 
  do n't be afraid to cry for him . 
  he was your friend , after all . 
  yup . 
  had a full on makeout session on the last first date i went on . 
  he was hot . 
  well , i 'm a grown up woman so i want a grown up man who does n't pretend to be a smart arse little boy in order to impress me . 
  basically . 
  well , part of it is hormonal . 
  women from around 35/40 onwards have more trouble concieving children and a higher risk of those children then having developmental problems like downs syndrome . 
  plus , once you get to the 40s/50s you then have to worry about menopause and the complete inability to have children ; all things men do n't have to worry about . 
  so if you 're a woman who wants traditional marriage and kids , you then go well , say the latest i want to have a baby ( * if i only want one * ) is 35 , so then i need to be married by 32 to give us time to have married life together , so really i need to have found someone by 30 to form a real relationship in order to think about marriage . 
  so then if you want two or even three kids you keep having to put that age limit back by five years or so . 
  the rest of it comes down to peer pressure . 
  if you see all of your other friends getting shacked up , engaged and getting pregnant by 25 , then it 's hard to convince yourself that leaving it later is what you should be doing . 
  i 've been single for a while and do n't see myself doing any of the big things for a few years yet , but there 's still that pressure of `` have you got a boyfriend yet ? '', 
  then my friends who have long term boyfriends get asked `` so when are you getting married ? '', 
  and my friends who have got married get asked `` so when 's the baby planned for ? '', 
  it 's massive pressure from all sides , and it 's really hard not to feel like you 're doing wrong when you do n't give in to it . 
  the only time i 've ever taken plan b was a couple of years ago when i was working onboard a cruise ship , and the sex i had with another crewmember went a bit wrong . 
  he was just a short term fling , so i did n't want any accidental pregnancies turning up out of the blue . 
  it was a bit embarrassing asking for it from the crew nurses , who i knew , but it was no big deal . 
  they were pretty used to it . 
  it ca n't have been that life changing because i really do n't remember any more than popping a couple of pills and being relieved when my period came . 
  i 'd probably file it under ` irrelevant ' and ' a thing that happened ' . 
  i 'd have no issues taking it again . 
  multiple cups of tea ( because i am good at filling stereotypes ) and either biscuits or chocolate . 
  it 's normally a sweet snack that i 'll have going , and i 'll probably nibble through about a third of a pack of biscuits in one night if i 'm not careful . 
  tea is more of a comfort thing , i guess . 
  write a few sentences , sip some tea , write a couple more , sip some tea . 
  i procrastinate pretty badly as it is ( i have an unfinished essay open right now ) , so i do n't think food affects me too much as far as essays are concerned !, 
  how exciting !!, 
  well done you on completing it !,
