  hate them hate them . 
  i 've walked out of horror films before when my friends have wanted to see them . 
  i 'm fine with action and thriller movies , but i refuse to watch horror . 
  meet . 
  i had a blind date insist he picked me up and i told him absolutely no way . 
  what if we did n't get along or he was a total creep and i had to rely on him to get me home ? 
  not an option . 
  i 'm almost 29 and changed my career from theatre production to sales about three years ago , and now i 'm retraining to be a history teacher . 
  i 'm studying for a history degree with a distance learning provider ( the open university ) and most people on my course are late twenties and older . 
  things like this are only as scary as you make them . 
  just because someone has been doing it for a long time does n't always make them any good at it !, 
  i appreciate my learning so much more now i 'm doing it for a second time and i 'm really actively enjoying it rather than just letting lessons wash over me . 
  you 'll also be bringing lots of experience from your old job into your new place , do n't forget . 
  do n't let it intimidate you , you 'll be more than fine . 
  nope . 
  i 've always been attracted to the same sorts of men whether i 'm on the pill or not . 
  university tutorials alllll dayyyy on saturday ( i do distance learning so tutorials are evenings or weekends ) and then my usual bar shift on saturday night for some pocket money . 
  i 've got a date from okcupid on sunday that i have n't actually arranged at all , and then sunday dinner with the family and an aunt who 's down for the weekend from scotland . 
  sunday night is trash tv and sleeeeeep . 
  * infinity pool * . 
  i would love a flat with those words attached . 
  oooh have an amazing wedding !, 
  i do sales and marketing for the ( very small ) family business , and have an evening shift once a week at a local pub for some extra cash . 
  that cocktails in the conservatory sounds brilliant !, 
  whereabouts are you , out of curiosity ? 
  i had sex for the first time when i was 16 , in a committed relationship and with all of the right precautions . 
  i was fine . 
  i think if she 's with someone who loves her , whether it 's puppy love or not , and she 's okay with approaching you about this , then she 'll be doing a lot better than 80 % of teenagers out there who are just so desperate to get it over and done with . 
  just be sensible , really !, 
  i 've travelled abroad by myself before , but most summers i take a week off to go by myself to oxford and london to see some friends . 
  in london i stay with other people , but in oxford i book a cheap , comfortable hotel for a couple of nights ( i like one near an entertainment complex so i can go to the cinema for an evening rather than just hang out in my hotel room ) , then find out things i can do in the city centre and around the various oxford colleges during the day . 
  it 's incredibly relaxing . 
  i do lots of things by myself like travel to dog shows , go see national trust properties and stately homes , go the cinema and theatre and just taking a few days out here or there . 
  it 's no more dangerous than anything else - basically , just know where you 're going , go where you feel safe and have a plan for getting either home or back to wherever you 're staying . 
  enjoy yourself and go see as much as you can !, 
  i can do what i like , when i like . 
  and when i do what i like , i do n't have to answer to anyone else about it . 
  like / u/cirocco says , i think i 'd have had a lot less fun . 
  i 've liked the sex i 've had . 
  the relationships ( hah ! ), 
  accompanying them were n't that enjoyable , but i know i 'd be far more insecure in myself if i had turned down every sexytime before now . 
  my parents actually drink more than me , which is quite amusing . 
  i 'll have a glass of wine maybe once or twice a month , or maybe something like a vodka lemonade and lime or half a pint of cider . 
  no , i do n't drink by myself - if i 'm alone i 'm far more likely to just have water or make a cup of tea . 
  edit : i used to drink quite a lot when i was a student and when i worked on a cruise ship , because drinking is basically the only thing to do onboard . 
  i think i must have got it out of my system because now i 've really gone to the other extreme of hardly drinking at all . 
  ugh , not really . 
  i honestly never ever glance at a guys lunchbox , even when i 'm out on a date with them . 
  sometimes i 'll notice a cute arse but i never notice a penis package . 
  i had to move back home after uni , living away and working abroad . 
  i 'm 29 on friday and have been back about two years now . 
  it 's ... okay . 
  i get along really well with my parents ( i also work full time for my dad ) , do n't have any curfews or restrictions whatsoever , and me being at home was the sole reason we could get our dog , but it does n't stop me craving my independence . 
  this is a temporary measure and i ca n't financially support myself for a rented room right now , but it does n't stop me wanting it every single day . 
  make sure you keep yourself as busy as you can , and do n't forget , it 's not just your parents being in * your * space , but * you * will be in * their * space too . 
  give them room to have the house back to themselves and just be a quiet married couple again , which they probably got quite used to while you were living away . 
  do the chores and be proactive about them , pay whatever rent they ask for on time , and do make time to go out and be sociable as much as you can . 
  meeting my friends regularly makes * so * much difference for me in just keeping me upbeat about my life right now . 
  that 's quite bittersweet really , that szeth tries not to damage his father 's name through association with him . 
  thanks for that , i 'm definitely looking forward to seeing his flashbacks later on in the series and finding out a bit more . 
  dogs every time . 
  we 're on our fifth dog of the same breed now and i 've never owned a cat . 
  i 'm a crazy dog lady all the way . 
  one of the reasons why i love brandon is that he is a writing * machine * . 
  he writes books to take a break from writing massive books !, 
  i think the word is that the next one will be out late 2015 or early 2016 so there wo n't be a grrm-sized wait . 
  also , i 'd say it 's worth reading * warbreaker * before or after wor too . 
  basically every sentence of this is you making excuses . 
  i did n't know what i was doing , i was drunk . 
  i did n't know what i was doing , i was high . 
  my friends took me in the spa . 
  i just ` happened ' to give this lady $ 100 , it just happened that she gave me a blowjob , it just happened that i had sex with her . 
  seriously , grow up . 
  your friends backed out of it as soon as they were asked for money , why did n't you ? 
  you need to tell your girlfriend and you need to be prepared to take the consequences for it . 
  you had * every single chance * of backing out of this as soon as you walked in that building , and you did n't . 
  this is what you get for it . 
  that 's really not fair of her to put all of that pressure on you like that , especially the fact that she breaks up with you , and then still tells you to keep all her secrets . 
  this is * much * too big a thing just for you to have on your shoulders , especially at sixteen years old , and she really needs professional , adult help to really get her to the healthy place that she needs to be . 
  you 're not betraying her by telling someone else that she needs an adult , you are helping her healthy future wellbeing . 
  tell someone , anyone who can step in and give her the care that she needs . 
  if she broke an arm , you 'd take her to the hospital , right ? 
  and you would n't even * dream * of trying to reset her bones yourself . 
  this is just another form of treatment , and it 's one that you ca n't help with right now . 
  i 've worked onboard ships before and did the one six month contract with regent working in the entertainment department . 
  they are brilliant , brilliant fun but it 's completely exhausting and you have to be prepared to have little to no privacy for six months at a time . 
  basically , ships are big floating hotels . 
  they want two types of employees ; ones who can work in the front of house hospitality industry with guests , and ones who work on the technical marine side . 
  i would assume that you fall into the hospitality department . 
  western staff ( american , australian , canadian , brits etc ) mostly took up places with guest services , which was things like working on reception , port expeditions , concierge , entertainment , things like that . 
  you 'll be trained in responding to emergency situations and will have to take part in compulsory evacuation drills on each cruise , which is as much for the passengers as it was for us . 
  it 's scary at first but pretty easy to pick up . 
  i got started by writing directly to the ship lines as a theatre technician . 
  i was interviewed originally by disney , offered a job and then put on a waiting list for a position to open up . 
  the first one that came up was with regent , which is a smaller but more ` exclusive ' line and i went with them . 
  big lines like royal caribbean have the better ships by far , but lower pay and go to less ports . 
  smaller ships have a higher staff to guest rate and not as much cool stuff going on , but go to more exotic ports and will pay better . 
  i got to see ... thirty countries while i was onboard ? 
  something like that . 
  that included staff trips to petra , seeing roman catacombs in alexandria , nights out in rio , cape town and istanbul , a safari in kenya , swimming in rainforest pools in guatemala ... all sorts of stuff !,
