  i do also think the kennel club is doing a good job of trying to promote healthy fit for function dogs , and i 'd like to see more publicity about it other than just crufts time . 
  thanks !, 
  just qualifying for it is a massive achievement , so i 'm really pleased . 
  the best part is probably just the fact that i get to spend all day surrounded by my favourite breed and getting to make a fuss of the most gorgeous examples of it . 
  i love sitting on the benches with henry and making a fuss of the setters kept next to us . 
  the worst part is definitely the early mornings !, 
  i had to be up at 3am for a manchester show a few weeks ago - we aimed to be there for 8 , actually got there at 7 and then the start of the class was delayed from 9 to 9:30 !, 
  it was a fun day , but i was miserably tired when i got home again . 
  looks , movement , and a bit of politics makes the perfect showdog . 
  thank you !, 
  i 've visited it before but never showed in it , so it 'll be a nerve wrackingly good time . 
  absolutely true . 
  i really think henry is a better dog for being shown . 
  it helps socialise him , gets him used to staying calm and being inspected which is invaluable if he needs to go to the vets , means we have an extra eye open for any abnormalities extra grooming or movement in the ring would show , and also gets him used to travelling in the car for extended periods of time . 
  haha no problem !, 
  it 's nice to talk to others who show and enjoy it !, 
  sorry to hear that you think that . 
  for my part , my dog is well loved ( practically spoilt ) , well socialised , well groomed and a very happy part of the family . 
  he 's a pet first and a show dog second , and all of the other dogs and owners i meet think very much the same way . 
  i * wondered * what / u/bwm321 was talking about !, 
  completely missed how the title reads !, 
  fwiw , we have a power shower so the pressure 's pretty damn good . 
  the grooming 's something we 're still on a massive learning curve about - a judge a couple of months ago placed us really well ( 1st in both classes ) but told me he needed to be much more groomed , and then had a moan at henry 's breeder who was n't even there for not showing us how to trim him properly !, 
  i was recommended a local groomer by an irish setter owner and she 's turned out to be a godsend , as she competes irish setters herself , so she knows what setters need to look like , and she 's been teaching me how to do the trims myself . 
  we would n't take him to anybody who had n't handled them before and did n't know the right trim - i just would n't dare chance it . 
  i 've heard some horror stories of setters being * shaved * by groomers who said they knew what they were doing and actually had no idea . 
  i ca n't imagine getting my dog back after that happened !, 
  he gets trimmed maybe up to a week before the show and bathed a couple of days beforehand to give his coat time to flatten out a bit , but he 's very * very * white so it 's kind of a fine balancing act !, 
  we 've got a grooming table at home now so we 're doing more of the trimming and bathing ourselves , but for big championship shows where we think he 'll do well or to make sure we 're on the right track we 'll take him back to the groomer . 
  of course you can see photos !, 
  he 's a bit of a camera show off . 
  he 's very almost a year old now . 
  of course !, 
  [ here 's him ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fcri6nn.jpg ) being a softie in the garden a couple of weeks ago . 
  i might in the future , but you have to have kennel club registration to enter them for shows , so i 'd give them a wonderful home but maybe not a rags to riches story !, 
  the [ english setter rescue association ] ( http://www.englishsetterrescue.co.uk/ ) do so much for the breed , so i 'd like to adopt from them at some point . 
  of course !, 
  [ here 's henry ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fcri6nn.jpg ) looking all soppy in the garden . 
  no problem . 
  ( : i know there are lots of people who do n't like shows for one reason or another , but hopefully a lot of it just comes down to clearing up misunderstandings about what it all involves . 
  i personally subscribe to the uk kennel club motto of ` fit for function ' , which is very much about breeding dogs that are healthy and happy enough to do the job they were initially bred for . 
  i also subscribe to the dogs trust motto of ` never put a healthy dog down ' - if a dog turns out not to be a good show dog , then it should be found a family who wants it as a pet dog , not discarded on the pile . 
  i hate seeing bulldogs who ca n't breathe properly or gsps with sloped backs , and i do agree with the regulations that the kennel club brought in to crufts two years ago about having independent vet checks for best of breed winners before they go into group judging . 
  i also think it should be extended to all championship shows , not just crufts . 
  i think breeding has a huge huge fight ahead of it , not only with damaging pedigree aspects but with the massive fad for cross-bred dogs like labradoodles or cockerpoos or chugs . 
  unscrupulous breeders are churning out unhealthy dogs with a cute name all the time , and people fall for it because they think they 'll be hypoallergenic or have ` cross-breed vigour ' . 
  both pedigree and cross-breed breeders have issues , and we need to educate potential buyers more on how to only buy puppies from health-tested parents , research the breeders they buy from and insist on a higher standard of dog . 
  it 's only through changing buyer habits that breeders will start changing who they choose to mate . 
  yup !, 
  that 's exactly , precisely it . 
  henry 's litter brother is also shown at a lot of the same shows and in the same classes as him , so the ` stop looking at hers ' applies even more when he 's in the ring !, 
  he 's pretty big !, 
  he stands a bit taller than a golden retriever now , but he 's got some developing to do to broaden him out , and his coat still has a long way to go . 
  he looks quite adult to me , but comparing him to older setters at the shows does make me realise how much of a puppy he still is !, 
  the only tattooing on a dog i 've ever heard of is as an alternative to a microchip , in case the dog is lost or stolen . 
  the tattooed number means you can identify your dog and help get it returned . 
  i 'm also not aware of euthanasia for ex show dogs being at all common over here - as far as i know , most are kept on as pets or passed on to other owners . 
  i would n't be surprised at it happening - people do awful things to animals - but i do n't believe it 's confined specifically to the show world . 
  the plumbing bills for competitions are extortionate . 
  breed standards specifically say * ` note : male animals should have two apparently normal testicles fully descended into the scrotum . 
  ' * so yes , they should be unaltered . 
  you can still enter if it was done for specific medical reasons , but you have to get permission from the kennel club . 
  we go to a groomer who knows setter requirements before big championship shows and she charges us about # 25 . 
  we 're trying to do more of it ourselves to cut costs down , but we still go back to her occasionally to make sure the trim is done correctly . 
  no problem !, 
  he is , is n't he ? 
  i do n't know where you 're based , but i do know that uk and american show grooming for setters is * very * different - american setters tend to look much much more sculpted with more shaping to the feathers whereas british setters have a more natural coat . 
  i think crufts has got the right approach - it 's televised every year , and the coverage is getting bigger and bigger , which is helping to tell the general public what the show world is about . 
  they also have a live stream on youtube of the main arena , and have other events going on like agility , flyball and discover dogs where every breed club holds a stall for people to learn about their breed . 
  so more visitors come to crufts to see those things , and get to see the actual showing going on at the same time . 
  saying that , the coverage does tend to focus a little too much on agility and flyball for me , and i would like it to cover the actual showing a bit more , but hopefully that balance will be evened out in the future . 
  i think it really is about publicity , so people know about open or championship shows going on in their area that they can visit and see what happens , or more tv and radio programmes going on talking about it . 
  you 're right about some people thinking the competitors are a bit weird - the chihuahua and yorkshire terrier people freak me out a bit sometimes  - but if the public get to see shows more frequently , then hopefully a lot of misconceptions can be cleared up . 
  ugh , i know the ` no jumping ' thing - henry 's terrible about leaping on people and dogs he wants to meet , and we 're desperately trying to train it out of him !, 
  dogs also need to be intact to show , yeah . 
  i do agree with you about the pedigree/crossbreed thing though - pedigree owners can be snobby , but i think crossbreed owners can be exactly the same to some degree . 
  and yes , crossbreeds can have a mix of good traits from either parent , but they can also have a mix of all of the bad traits too . 
  i do n't necessarily agree that breeding a mix makes for an automatically better dog . 
  i wo n't deny that there are breeding problems in some breeds , and some breeders do take it too far in trying to meet a breed standard . 
  saying that , there are many many ethical show breeders who only want the healthiest dogs , and there are many efforts ongoing to check that breeders are doing things as they should be . 
  my own breed has just released a [ report on litters ] ( http://www.englishsetterassociation.co.uk/pdf/setter%20litter%20report.pdf ) that discusses inbreeding and the health of pups being born . 
  there are also schemes such as the kennel club assured breeder scheme set up to make sure breeders keep to the right ethical standards and new measures like independent vet checks at crufts for best of breed winners that i think should be rolled out further . 
  i 'd also argue that problems are n't just with pedigree breeders or with show breeders - there is a huge explosion in the number of cross breed litters in the last couple of years to meet owner demands for fashionable dogs like labradoodles , chugs and cockerpoos . 
  huge numbers of those dogs are n't health tested , are n't raised properly and are churned out by over-bred bitches who have never been anywhere near a show . 
  cross breeds are n't immune from bad breeding , no matter what shows like pedigree dogs exposed will tell you . 
  thank you !, 
  i think henry did brilliantly , and it should be a fabulous ( nerve-wracking ) experience !, 
  i have never * ever * heard of anyone debarking a show dog !, 
  is this something that happens in the us ? 
  i 'd never dream of doing that to mine - how horrible !, 
  i 'm not surprised some show people are hated in other dog communities either - i 'm on another dog forum board and you get some pretty heated debates - but you ca n't please everyone . 
  i have fun , my dog has fun and at the end of the day i always take the best dog home with me . 
  i 've never actually seen best in show , but having a quick look at the wikipedia for it , i 'm sure it does have some truth . 
  you 're always going to get the neurotic ones who go a bit nuts over their darling fluffykins . 
  i 've seen pomeranians and chihuahuas being rolled about in pink pushchairs at shows before , which is frankly just stupid . 
  most people i 've met are fairly laid back , though - maybe it 's just my breed !, 
  i personally get very emotionally attached to my sexual partners , which is why i 've personally decided not to sleep with anyone again until i 'm in a real relationship . 
  i 've done one night stands and been too attached to them , so now i 'm saving it until i can really get into it properly with a partner . 
  other women might be very very good at seperating physicality and emotion . 
  just not me .
