  the world just listens to us more and is starting to give us more opportunities to do what we want to do . 
  women have n't changed . 
  we just get to talk a little bit louder about the things we like , rather than just what men like all the time . 
  i think it sounds like your girlfriend is annoyed that you were happy to go and hang out with her as soon as sex was on the table , but not before . 
  you even just refer to her as a ` booty call ' and ask if you should ` keep pumping ' . 
  tell her you 're sorry , you thought she was busy all night and you were enjoying a night with the boys . 
  arrange a night just you and her . 
  i do n't think it 's anything to break up over , though . 
  why does engagement require financial stability ? 
  you do n't have to have a super expensive ring or a super expensive wedding , and it does n't mean you 'll be signing up for a house or popping out babies . 
  it just means you 're showing commitment to her after three years that you always want to have her around . 
  i do n't think that 's a bad thing for her to be asking of you . 
  do you always want her in your life , or are you hedging your bets a little ? 
  i 've not done the standard school - uni - work - married - babies route . 
  i 've freelanced in an arts industry , travelled the world and been paid for it too . 
  i 've followed everything i wanted to do , when i wanted to do it . 
  i might be 29 , poor and single but hey , i do n't regret a moment of it . 
  the thing is , she clearly is n't bothered about how you 're living or providing for her . 
  if she was bothered about it , she would n't be asking for a commitment . 
  for me ( and i think for her ) , marriage is about working through things * together * , not one person giving and the other person recieving . 
  she does n't want to be engaged just to have a nice life and a nice house - she wants to be engaged so that she knows that you 've made a promise that you 'll always be together no matter what . 
  for richer for poorer , etc etc. 
  maybe go back and talk to her again about what marriage means to you both , why she wants this so much and what it really making you so nervous . 
  i 'd put faith in the fact that while you 're worried about your wages , it 's not even on her list . 
  i 've been behind drunk drivers who drive extra extra slowly because they know they should n't really be on the road and are trying to be cautious . 
  one of them the other day almost caused us to go into the back of him twice because of his excessively slow speed and sudden braking . 
  it can often be as just as bad as speeding and swerving around . 
  drunk is still drunk . 
  you 'll be able to get loose leaf tea in any supermarket , it gets sold right alongside the usual teabagged brands . 
  whittards is quite a good chain , but it sold off a lot of stores a few years ago so i 'm not sure if portsmouth still has one around ? 
  i know we had an american asking about tea brands in here a few months ago who seemed to be under the impression that the more expensive stuff was the best , but that 's not really that true over here . 
  we drink so much of the stuff that the best brands like yorkshire tea , twinings and tetleys can be bought pretty cheaply and in bulk from pretty much anywhere . 
  just get yourself to tescos or sainsburys when you get here and you 'll be fine . 
  the fakeout with the messenger really got me . 
  the hopes of `` the fool ! '', 
  halfway through and then finding out it was n't made me even more impatient to meet him again . 
  i think she pulled it off so well , but i do have to admit their reunion in the first tawny man ( golden fool ? ), 
  is still my favourite . 
  [ loki ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/loki-mike-vasich/dp/1456463462/ref=sr_1_cc_1?s=aps&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1408610220&amp;sr=1-1-catcorr&amp;keywords=mike+vasich ) by mike vasich is told from loki 's pov , which gives a really nice ambiguity to what he 's doing . 
  it 's pretty vicious stuff and stayed with me for a long time after i read it , but vasich is very very good . 
  a ) you 're overthinking this, 
  b ) you 're seriously overthinking this, 
  c ) get whatever glasses you like . 
  i wear metal gucci frames which i think are super cool . 
  wear the frames that you think flatters your face . 
  most coffee i drink is just the instant stuff . 
  i much prefer tea . 
  that 's one thing the stereotype is totally right on - most of us brits are obsessed by tea . 
  i 'm on my third mug today and it 's not quite 11am . 
  what sort of films do you like ? 
  maybe if we figure out what genre you 're into we can recommend some books . 
  i love fantasy for example , so i 'm always keen to dissect the harry potter series or anything that brandon sanderson 's written . 
  you should read because * you * want to , not because some women might potentially like it . 
  conversation works when both people are enthusiastic about their topic , not just when they know it exists . 
  i wear it every day and always feel so much more put together when i do . 
  i 'm quite self conscious about my skin as i used to have acne , so a basic cover of make up is my essential , and i 'll never leave the house without at least some primer and mascara on . 
  now i 've tried mineral powder foundation i 'll never go back . 
  i love mac mineral stuff , and i use benefit 's lemon aid every single day as an eyelid primer . 
  relax . 
  seriously . 
  you 're 21 , you 've just finished uni , now you 're out in the real world . 
  you do n't have to have everything sorted right now just because you 've finished education . 
  so your sister is married now , big deal . 
  so your brother is going for a phd . 
  your friend has just got an internship . 
  you are none of those people - and honestly , do you really want to be ? 
  your sister is now tied , forever , to a young dependent who she has to put most of her future income towards . 
  you do n't have those restrictions on what you can do with your life . 
  the esa is a temporary step to help you adjust to work so that you do n't get dumped in it and feel overwhelmed . 
  it 's just a stepping stone , nothing more . 
  you 're not going to be on it permanently and it 's not stopping you from developing your career or working out where you want to go . 
  it 's just to help . 
  believe me , 21 year olds do not have their lives sorted out . 
  they certainly do n't have mortgages !, 
  i 'm 29 and back at home while i retrain for a new career , and though i have a car i do n't have investments or a mortgage . 
  i 'm not even out of my overdraft yet . 
  but that 's because i freelanced in the arts industry after i 'd done uni , like plenty of my friends , so i have n't been able to build a financial cushion . 
  my brother has done totally the opposite to me - graduate programme , fiancee , mortgage , the works . 
  but i 'm not him , and he 's not had half the crazy travelling life i 've had . 
  that 's okay . 
  we 're very different . 
  you are very different from your siblings or your friend . 
  that 's okay too . 
  with the fitness , just keep plugging away . 
  eat healthy , go to the gym , take care of yourself . 
  you do n't need protein supplements or to be bulky to attract women . 
  there are plenty of women who have n't lost their virginity by 21 , and we 're not all looking for guys with huge penises . 
  i 'm sure yours is totally , reassuringly average . 
  you do n't need to ` man up ' op . 
  you just need to take care of yourself and take those baby steps like therapy and the esa to get yourself set up in life . 
  have some faith in who you are and where you 're going . 
  you 'll be okay . 
  if you own the car , in his words , then just take him off the insurance so he ca n't use it . 
  he can buy his own damn car if he 's not going to contribute to one with you . 
  what a selfish tool . 
   i 've even explained to her that it 's not just a deadline for her , its also a deadline for me . 
  sure , by the end of the year she 's going to be fed up , but its also a deadline for me to decide if i want to make the jump into marriage . 
  so really , this is kind of a ` shit or get off the pot ' scenario . 
  no wonder she 's freaking out . 
  if she knows that you 're not even sure whether you want to marry her , she 's probably driving herself crazy with panic over whether you two are actually going to stay together or not .
