   you can downvote people by clicking on their comment so it 's highlighted and pressing `` z '' . 
  upvote is `` a '' . 
  oooh i never knew that . 
  thanks !, 
  i love winter , but i 'm in the south of the uk so the worst we get is a couple of -2 nights and maybe a snow layer or two that turns to slush in a couple of weeks . 
  i just hide inside , wear loads of layers and guzzle hot tea all day long . 
  7:15 am here in england . 
  i 'm resisting getting out of bed as i 'm warm and cosy , and it 's cold out there . 
  know when to take breaks , and when you work best during the day . 
  do n't aim for perfect , because it 's hard enough getting everything done without adding on the stress of trying to aim for the highest mark every single time . 
  pick your battles , and remember to ask your tutors for help . 
  see if there are any facebook groups for your subject or module , because whinging to other people , or reading the resources they find is incredibly helpful !, 
  right now i have a full time job , a part time job one night a week and full time third year degree study via distance learning ( open university ) . 
  in between that i 've also taken up running , do dog shows on weekends and been keeping up with my social life . 
  i 'm quite lucky i 'm single , so i do n't have to worry about making time for a boyfriend in there - there 's no time to spare !, 
  i figure out when my deadlines are first of all , and work towards that ; for example , last month i had two assignments for two totally separate subjects due in on jan 19th and both had shedloads of reading to do . 
  i split the month in two , and assigned the first two weeks to one assignment and the second two weeks to the other one . 
  the first one did n't need to be perfect , it just needed to have the first draft and bibliography done , and then i could go back and edit it a day or two before the deadline . 
  the second one i just did everything to completion , and submitted it when it was done . 
  i was working past midnight on the weekend before the due date , but everything got done and submitted . 
  i do n't bother trying to get up early to do study in the mornings , because i hate getting out of bed , so it 's never going to happen . 
  instead i study when i come home from work , normally until about 10:30 when my brain is fried , and all day saturday and sunday . 
  i always give myself one night a week off to watch a film or just slob out and relax , and not think about study . 
  it 's so important to take breaks , even if it 's just fifteen minutes with a cup of tea or playing with the dog , and do n't try to work when you know you 're exhausted . 
  plan ahead and you 'll be fine . 
  i knew before . 
  it was just a one night stand but i knew he wanted more than that , so i do kinda feel bad about calling it quits with him afterwards . 
  he was probably...23-ish ? 
  not so sure . 
  ugh , packing is the bane of my life . 
  last weekend i had a 10k race on sunday , a 3 hour train journey afterwards , an overnight hotel stay , an interview on monday then a journey back . 
  trying to pack sports stuff , casual stuff ( for warmth !, 
  ) , smart stuff plus makeup , paperwork and accessories into one carry bag was a total nightmare . 
  it weighed a tonne , too . 
  your boyfriend is n't leaving to go anywhere , or playing a game anywhere or actually * doing * anything . 
  it 's not his birthday or a family celebration , or the day he graduates . 
  he 's waiting to get a letter . 
  as nice as it would be for you to be there when he opens it , i think day out with your best friend definitely trumps this one . 
  that 's true . 
  op , can you just do the best two days instead of the full four ? 
  i use a really really gentle facial hair remover cream for my upper lip . 
  apply , leave for five minutes , scrape off . 
  done . 
  eyebrows get plucked , or threaded very occasionally . 
  we had a multi vcr/dvd player that could record vhs to dvd , and i do know there are other models kicking around , but they 're a pretty penny on ebay . 
  sometimes i think `` huh , are n't they going to sweat that eyeliner right off again ? '', 
  but mostly i do n't even notice or care . 
  it 's none of my business . 
  they 're at the gym , is n't that the most important bit ? 
  i like wearing mineral powder foundation for pretty much everything now , and it does n't slide off when you get all sweaty betty . 
  * / r/marvelstudios ( and / r/agentcarter lately because it is awesome ), 
  * / r/london, 
  * / r/relationships ( for the trainwreck drama ), 
  i always feel secure in the knowledge that when i 'm having a bad day , i can go to / r/relationships , read a few threads and be like `` welp , at least i 'm not * that * person with the so who wipes their poo under the bed ! '', 
  right now i just can not fit dating in . 
  i 'd love to go on dates , but seriously , i need days in the week where i get to do nothing , too . 
  you try it . 
  i have one full time job , one part time job , and one full time distance learning degree to do . 
  oh , and applications for teacher training places , that 's a fun thing right now . 
  i go to dog training , go running , occasionally see friends and sometimes get to go to the cinema if i 'm lucky . 
  hello potential boyfriend , would you like to take up your place at # 17 in my life of ` things that are all equally as important as each other ' ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm still figuring it out . 
  maybe [ chris ] ( https://33.media.tumblr.com/4483c0d171f3e44c6d40430abc9f0e79/tumblr_nj9pmm0ntm1th1illo4_250.gif ) [ evans ] ( https://41.media.tumblr.com/1ccfeaaaf2dd897ea5c4785e7f08dc04/tumblr_nj4wwakt351tya76io1_500.jpg ) and [ chris ] ( https://40.media.tumblr.com/e9c93152de822227a15c80cedee944e5/tumblr_nj57elri3y1u9nzuso2_500.jpg ) [ hemsworth ] ( https://33.media.tumblr.com/09b044c7f6a8c42d8a6cc957a3e271a7/tumblr_njag3tas7k1un6udwo1_250.gif ) might help me decide . 
  ( thank you marvel , and your ceaseless efforts towards bringing us hot men on big screens ), 
  chris hemsworth would have to be august . 
  hot australian , hot weather , outdoorsy lifting shirtless photo ... 
  please , marvel . 
  take my money . 
  i knew whatever month i picked would have aussies disagreeing with me . 
   that is n't even an insult but description . 
  i 'm just going to stop you there , because it * is * an insult , and i do not * possibly * see how you could think it 's some harmless little adjective that does n't have any nasty undertones attached . 
  even you appear to think it means ` someone who 's going off to fuck around ' . 
  why would you call your mother a bitch ??!, 
  that 's awful !, 
  all the marvel films . 
  i 'm a brit and i like our monarchy . 
  they bring in thousands in tourism revenue , are a core part of our history and heritage , the queen is 80-something and does far more active work than my 80-something year old nanna could ever manage , and harry is a laugh . 
  right now their popularity is pretty strong , so i ca n't see the british public wanting to abolish the monarchy unless maybe another diana happened . 
  i certainly would n't want to see them go . 
  not a turn off . 
  i might start querying it if you 're sobbing at foofy tv adverts or something , but a few tears at an emotional movie is more than fine . 
  both grandparents dead , one in his mid fifties , and one sometime in his sixties . 
  do n't think either were above 6 ' 2 '' , but i ca n't remember . 
  both nannas are alive , one is 86 and the other is 82 ( ? 
  i think ? ) . 
  paternal grandmother has severe dementia , maternal grandmother is otherwise moderately healthy and as bossy as ever . 
  i always find that it 's amazing how much the `` no drama ! '', 
  people are the ones starting or aggravating the drama in the first place . 
  when are you travelling ? 
  if you 're coming through on a weekend , the bus portion is probably because there 's repair works on the main line every weekend from now until march/april , and the bus is a replacement travel service . 
  it 's a pain in the arse , but generally not too hassling to do . 
  i live in colchester , so the col - liverpool st line is my main route in too . 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  yeah , it 'll be a replacement service then . 
  colchester main and colchester town are also two seperate stations on opposite sides of town , so even when you get from the liverpool street service to colchester , you 'll still need to jump either in a local bus or taxi to get to the town station . 
  nah , i mean the bbc sherlock episodes , not the rdj holmes films . 
  i love rdj , but the bbc ones are better . 
  [ burn it down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcclvrt9g2q ) by awolnation, 
  [ code name vivaldi ] ( http://youtu.be/09ruutam2h0 ) by the piano guys - it 's a blend between vivaldi 's double cello concerto in g minor and the theme from the bourne identity soundtrack , and sooo fabulous .
