  enjoy your relationship now , not a could have been . 
  adoption is certainly vital , and i absolutely take my hat off to anyone who adopts or fosters children . 
  however . 
  adoption is * hard * . 
  my mum is an fostering and adoption social worker , and she has plenty of experience seeing people taking on foster children with the noblest of intentions about ` saving ' a child , giving this child a home and then have the child be forever grateful to them for swooping in there and taking them from the horrors of fostering . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  there 's one couple at the moment with a 4 and 7 year old , who are horrified that their new adoptees do n't want to pick peas from the garden for dinner , and that they are turning down organic home made fishcakes for frozen fish fingers . 
  it 's hardly a surprise - they 've come from a working class foster carer where they have been from years , to a new lady with a whole new set of rules , who happens to be horrified by their manners , but is expecting instant love and gratification . 
  lots of - i would probably say * all * - adoptive children come with their own baggage and own problems . 
  lots of adoptive placements break down because the new parents just can not cope with the child they wanted to give a home to . 
  the children often ca n't cope with the change of house and people either and act out ; think poo on the walls and destroyed furniture . 
  my mum has had a fourteen year old returned into foster care after being with her adoptive mother since she was * five * . 
  another couple is going through intense classes and experience with children with cerebral palsy because they have fallen in love with a little three year old who has it - and my god this boy needs a home , but can they really cope with him with it ? 
  biological parents of a child with cerebral palsy would be introduced gradually to what it entails , but can an adoptive parent ? 
  i do n't think it helps anyone to say `` why do you feel the need to [ xxx ] '' . 
  adoption does n't make you better than biological parents . 
  it does n't mean you 've taken on a more noble vocation . 
  i would love a child , but i would have to think * long * and * hard * about fostering and adoption , because could i honestly , truly cope with everything that comes with an adoptive child ? 
  i do n't think i could . 
  of course we can be romantic . 
  why would you think we ca n't ? 
  just look at the romantic literature written by women through the centuries ; jane austen with lizzie and darcy , charlotte bronte with jane eyre and mr rochester , or even the great love poetry by the greek writer sappho :, 
  as love then is the power, 
  that none can disobey ,, 
  so too my thoughts must follow, 
  my darling far away :, 
  the sparkle of her laughter, 
  would give me greater joy, 
  than all the bronze-clad heroes, 
  romance is n't limited to one gender . 
  it 's universal . 
  it just sort of feels like you 're slowly weeing yourself for five days , really . 
  most of the time i do n't notice it ( i wear a cup ) , but you do get sensations of anything that overflows trickling into your knickers . 
  pads make that feeling pretty constant , as there 's nothing holding the blood coming down from your uterus . 
  i do n't get many cramps now , but most of the time i just feel extra tired , my legs feel really heavy , and i just have a permanent sensation of wanting to curl up in a cosy blanket somewhere . 
  i 'm extra vigilant of smells , since period blood has its own aroma , and i eat like a horse . 
  especially chocolate . 
  i 'm bad enough about chocolate as it is , but when i get a visit from auntie flo i just * crave * it . 
  so yeah . 
  heavy legs . 
  tired . 
  constant there 's - something-leaking feeling . 
  and someone will , undoubtedly , mention period shits . 
  they 're also fun . 
  for a certain qualification of ` fun ' , anyway . 
  try using an [ eyelash curler ] ( http://www.tweezerman.co.uk/intl_sites/tweezermanengland/uploaded_files/images/products/b_40cf6c07e81cedce2e3a768eaebfafbb1034-r%20classic%20lash%20curler.jpg ) instead . 
  i always use one before putting any mascara on , and they work like a charm , especially preheated for a second with a hair dryer . 
  i worked for six years as a theatre lighting technician/stage manager before temporarily trying pr and then moving into sales . 
  i 'm now doing a new degree and looking to go into teacher training . 
  for me , it was all about regaining a work/life balance . 
  you have to love theatre to work in it , and i just did n't love it any more . 
  i 'd burned out on the huge hours and poor pay , and i wanted to be able to socialise with people more and take occasional holidays . 
  the risks in leaving my industry did n't outweigh the benefits in moving on . 
  it 's been about three years since i did any real theatre work , and i 've just got to the point where i do n't miss builds but i do miss the edinburgh fringe . 
  it also does n't mean i ca n't still be involved with theatre - i read theatre newspapers , keep up with events my old company is doing and generally stay in the loop . 
  my mum also switched careers in her fifties from marketing to social work with zero experience . 
  she is * vastly * happier doing that now and fully qualified , so it 's worked out really well for her . 
  my best friend has also quit her biology phd to go into the technical industries and she 's doing extremely well now too . 
  i 'd say trust your gut . 
  it 's more expected for people our age to switch careers now - we 're not expected to stay in one company or one industry any more like our parents were . 
  expect some down time in pay for retraining or gaining experience , and be realistic about working back up from the bottom in your new career . 
  you 're not going to jump straight on to the same rung in the ladder . 
  it 's also important to try things and figure out both what you do and do n't like . 
  i mentioned my pr move up there because i thought i would be good at it . 
  i was right , i * was * good at it , but when i gave it a go it turned out that i actually hated it . 
  it made me realise that i needed to be in a job where my day to day work really affected people - a dvd review in a friday edition of the sun did n't affect anyone . 
  it was totally cool that i tried this internship out , and it did n't matter that i quit it , because at least i 'd given it a go . 
  i 've now volunteered for a whole academic year in a local school and loved all of it . 
  if you have n't got any financial responsibilities then try things !, 
  see what fits and what you 're good at . 
  best of luck . 
  yeah , sort of . 
  i do n't feel sick as such , but i do feel like i 'm running on about 60/70 % . 
  i know the cosy blanket analogy sounds nice , but for me it 's more like a ' i just want to go back to bed and be left alone ' feeling that persists for a day or two . 
  after that i 'll get through my period without any fuss or bother at all , other than the leaking/smelling/blood on my hands issues . 
  biscuits . 
  a big pack of ginger nut biscuits . 
  also , a holiday . 
  i 'm * craving * time off somewhere . 
  i always kind of thought i was an introvert as i love my booky alone time , but i 've recently realised i need plenty of time with friends to recharge and feel good about myself , so i 'm probably more of an extrovert than i thought . 
  even the business networking event i went to last week cheered me up for days . 
  uni is a very , very different environment to school . 
  most of first year is directed at parties , socialising , networking and drinking . 
  lots , and lots of drinking . 
  uni is all about teenagers becoming young adults , discovering who they are in an atmosphere of total independence for the first time . 
  it 's not the case that she 's going to be around ` horny , manipulative assholes ' , but she is going to be around lots of people of her own age let free from parental influence for the first time . 
  it 's a lot of pressure . 
  i 'm worried that she 's made two big sweeping promises here that are linked together : one , that she is never , ever going to sleep with another man , and two , that she will remain totally sober and not touch any alcohol . 
  you 've attached a * lot * of pressure on her for this too , and i 'm telling you now , she is going to drink . 
  it 's going to be nigh on impossible for her * not * to have any alcohol whatsoever while she 's at college , and i expect that when she talks to you , she will most likely be lying about it . 
  think about it ; her mother , who has brought her up and known her her entire life , has told you that she is a pathological liar . 
  her being ` good about it ' for two months does not negate the 18 years that have gone before that . 
  to be honest , if you really think you can get through this year with her , i would tell her you do n't mind if she drinks , but if she sleeps with someone else then that 's a deal breaker for you . 
  make both of your promises just that bit more realistic , because you can not honestly expect her to be teetotal for the whole of next year . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  if you * ca n't * deal with her drinking , even a little bit , then i think you need to step back from this relationship and see whether your nerves can deal with a long distance relationship founded on massive , unrealistic promises , and the possibility ( probability ? ), 
  that at some point she is going to lie to you about what she has been up to . 
  cookie dough !, 
  yummmmmmmmmm . 
  i have you tagged as ` brit ' so i 'm guessing you mean london ?
