  i do n't have an issue with the op preferring to date someone with a lower sex drive - that 's not the issue here . 
  the issue is his apparent view that girls who have had sex previously are going to want to drag him into bed straight away , and other virgin girls are n't . 
  i 'm also not the one telling other posters that they have issues with their sexual history or that previous girlfriends must have faked orgasms to make them feel like a stud . 
  so , you know , well done with the judgement passing there . 
  but you will be . 
  the only way to have really good , really * satisfying * sex with someone you care about is , basically , to practice . 
  it 's like anything else - it 's a skill you pick up along the way . 
  practice to me does n't mean going out and sleeping with a dozen people - i 've been celibate myself for four years now because that 's not what i enjoy . 
  i want to sleep with the right person when they come along , and i want to learn both what they enjoy and have them learn that from me . 
  the only way we 're going to manage that is by learning it * together * . 
  to have a strong relationship and a good marriage , you 're probably going to want a good sex life . 
  to have a good sex life you need to , basically , practice having sex with that person . 
  and having good sex with someone does n't start by mentally including all of their previous partners in the conversation . 
  which part of dating them is n't healthy , out of curiosity ? 
  the thing is , ` serious ' and ` physical ' are n't mutually exclusive . 
  you can have a serious , celibate relationship with someone up until the day you marry them , if you want . 
  you can also jump into bed with them on the first date ( if they 'll let you ) too . 
  and you can have a combination of both - it just requires conversation and communication with the person you 're dating to work out which way you want to go . 
  it 'll probably go something like this :, 
  `` hey , [ girl i 'm dating ] , i 'd rather not get into anything sexual right now , if that 's okay ? 
  i 'm just not comfortable with it , and it might be a while before i will be . '', 
  `` okay , durdyg , that 's fine . 
  thanks for telling me . '', 
  and if it does n't go that way , break it off and go find someone else who will be okay with it . 
  easy . 
  it 's quite good - i 'd say it 's more straightforward and to the point than anything else . 
  really i think it just needs a bit more expansion - if you 're going to answer the ` six things ' question then make it six things , make the thinking about question more than a one liner , things like that . 
  you 've got the basics in there , it just needs a bit of fleshing out for someone reading to try and get a grip on who you actually are . 
  just ask him !, 
  there 's no point playing games in such a limited time frame , and i 'm not sure where you 're getting ` girl asking guy ' is desperate - it 's not . 
  if you do n't ask , you do n't get . 
  my pilates class contains a lot of stretching and is all about learning how to support your spine and core properly too . 
  definitely give it a look - my flexibility has improved in leaps and bounds since i took up gymnastics and pilates . 
  you 're not being dumb , but you are over-analyzing and you are sabotaging yourself . 
  you 're 33 for gods sake - why worry about who wants to chase who like a 16 year old ? 
  there are tonnes of threads on here with guys saying they like women doing the asking . 
  what would you ever say if he turned around to you and said `` so why did n't you ask me out ? '', 
  `` oh , i was worried you wanted to chase me instead . '', 
  lame . 
  just ask him . 
  the worst thing he can say is no , after all . 
  theatre production , specialising in lighting . 
  i do sales now , but i 'm also doing a second degree . 
  i did work freelance for four years in theatre doing stage management and lighting though , so it was n't wasted . 
  there 's / r/flexibility for stretching . 
  ** london **, 
  lyceum tavern on the strand, 
  amorino in soho for amazing gelato, 
  wander around soho just before theatre shows go up at 7:30 for a great atmosphere and the pick of the restaurants, 
  udderbelly on the southbank ( april to june ), 
  mine is :, 
   out having fun at the adults gymnastics class i joined . 
  throwing myself around on trampolines for ninety minutes learning to do backflips is a great way to wind down !, 
  check your grammar and spelling - you spell ` monkey ' wrong the first time round for one thing and you 've got some apostrophes in weird places . 
  capitalise ` american ' in your favourites section - everything else is capitalised so it 's just weird that that is n't . 
  the line about thinking about dogs all the time is kind of weird , and not in a good way . 
  if there 's a joke there , i do n't really get it . 
  otherwise , it 's pretty good overall . 
  he has a girlfriend . 
  just because she 's decided to do some travelling , expand her horizons and see the world does n't mean she 's some kind of finicky harpy . 
  you said it yourself ** brad has never expressed sexual interest [ in ] me . 
  ** he 's not available . 
  he 's not interested in you as a girlfriend . 
  you 've told him you like him and he 's done nothing about it . 
  let it go . 
  the thing is , even though you 're saying ` oh , my list is quite generic , really ' it 's sort of not . 
  you want someone pretty , intelligent , well-read , witty , snarky , sexually open , socially independant , financially independent , ambitious and non-religious . 
  which are ten criteria that you 're using to nix women from your list . 
  it 's not unrealistic , but it is n't helping your cause , basically . 
  the thing is , when you start closing off doors to what you do n't want , you never find what you do want . 
  you 're only 23 - what you want in a partner is probably going to change massively in the next ten years . 
  add to that you 've just come out of a ltr - why not play the field a bit more ? 
  why close yourself off to what could be out there if you give it a try ? 
  you might meet an amazing girl who 's just not into maths , or prefers reading fashion magazines to novels . 
  or just does n't like being cuttingly witty a la jennifer lawrence . 
  or , heavens to betsy , might be a buddhist instead of atheist but fills all your other criteria . 
  maybe try trimming your ` wants ' list down to a few crucial things - in your age range , someone you 're physically attracted to and a bit of a nerd ? 
  see where that gets you for potential dates for starters . 
  ooh that duck and waffle sounds amazing !, 
  might have to try that next time i 'm in town . 
  i had a migraine after five minutes . 
  wow . 
  do n't tell her it 's because she wo n't sleep with you unless you want her to think you 're a dick . 
  say it 's because you 're not looking for anything serious and that 's fine . 
  creepy . 
  seriously . 
  really , really creepy . 
  especially the ` private thing ' section . 
  what on earth * was * that ? 
  you need to start again on pretty much everything . 
  i 'm from essex , so to the rest of the uk i 'm a stiletto-wearing , fake-tanned , fake designer handbag carrying , make-up slathered ladette who likes drinking alcopops like wkd or smirnoff and talks like bianca from eastenders . 
  but at least i 'm not from norfolk . 
  bloody cousin-shaggers . 
  not bad !, 
  not outstanding , but not bad at all . 
  i 'd probably be the one to ask for just a little bit of explanation of what you do for work . 
  i definitely get that you prefer leisure to work , but most girls are going to at least want to know what you do for conversation 's sake . 
  you do seem to slack off halfway through as your ` six things ' and ` things i think about ' sections are both really short . 
  i also do n't think you actually need to put that bit about long messaging in your ` contact me ' bit . 
  perhaps change it to something snappier like `` you 're up for a coffee break next week '' .
