  the british empire and how we really won and controlled it . 
  we get taught in primary school as part of victorian studies that we were part of the grand 'em pire on which the sun never set ' and see the maps coloured in red , but it 's not until now when i 'm 28 and doing an open university course that i 've actually done any reading at all on the way the british attacked african cities and then blamed it * on the africans * . 
  we just do n't get any kind of balanced view at all . 
  do n't forget the american pizza . 
  [ kohei uchimura ] ( http://i.usatoday.net/sports/_photos/2011/10/14/uchimura-wins-third-gymnastics-title-in-a-row-qhfm366-x-large.jpg ) is a hottie . 
  he does the [ cutest faces . 
  ] ( http://sports.inquirer.net/wp-content/blogs.dir/2/files/2012/07/kohei-uchimura.jpg ) also , he spends lots of time with his [ shirt off ] ( http://binaryapi.ap.org/e8f9e42c86924cd5a19f3223551c8e06/512x.jpg ) . 
  a spa day !, 
  one of my friends had her hen day/night at a luxury spa with lunch included and it was loooooovely . 
  not at all . 
  i even remember looking at myself in the mirror afterwards and thinking about now ` being a woman ' and all of that malarky , when in fact i did n't feel different at all . 
  i 'd had sex . 
  that was it . 
  i might as well have painted the wall a new colour for all the difference it made . 
  it 's a perpetual debate . 
  i say ` scon ' , plenty of others say ` scown ' . 
  either way works . 
  you 've been given excellent advice on tipping so far , so just chiming in to say have a fabulous time in edinburgh !, 
  i lived there for four years and would move back there again in a heartbeat . 
  it 's a beautiful city . 
  definitely take a wander around the new town if it 's a sunny day , and do n't miss the fudge kitchen on the royal mile too . 
  a local recommendation : hula in the grassmarket does fabulous cakes and smoothies , and has vitamin boosters if the rain is getting you down . 
  also , it 's always pronounced edin-bruh . 
  not edin-boro . 
  just so you know . 
  have fun !, 
  i use text for unimportant conversations - hi , how are you , up to anything tonight , happy birthday , miss you loads type of things . 
  i 'd get bored texting about something more serious , but i 'd be happy to talk about it face to face , or even skypeing or over the phone . 
  so no , i probably would n't respond to a philosophical question in text . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i 'm bar staff and i get tipped by people buying me drinks . 
  i get a share of the cash tips that are left as part of the restaurant service and then very occasionally someone will ask me if i want a drink as part of their round . 
  have you contacted the [ imperial war museum ] ( http://www.iwm.org.uk ) in london ? 
  they have an extensive collection of documents , photographs and film archives and as far as i know are quite generous with their time and information . 
  they are closed for refurbishment until the 29th of july , though , so you might have to wait a bit to get access to their archives again . 
  it 's not a particularly good compliment at all . 
  it 's like someone saying to you `` wow you lift heavy ! ... for someone who eats chocolate '' or '' ... for a teenager '' or '' ... for an american '' . 
  why ca n't it just be a compliment on its own without some stupid qualifier ? 
  i do know that scientifically men can lift heavier loads . 
  that does n't * really * matter , because i 'm never going to be lifting olympic weightloads . 
  i did , however , used to work backstage in theatre where i would have to lug around heavy sound equipment , lighting lanterns and sets all day long , and if some other male tech said to me `` wow you 're great at lifting those lights - for a girl ! '', 
  i would want to smack them . 
  i was good at lifting them because i did it * all day long * and because that was my job , not because i was genetically inferior in the lifting department . 
  i do see your point , but i still disagree that you need the qualifier of `` for a girl '' , even if you 're using it as a compliment . 
  after all , you would n't tell another guy `` you lift great for an asian dude '' , would you ? 
  just say `` great lift ! '', 
  and leave it at that . 
  it 's still a nice thing to say . 
  if people can go through divorces and deaths of their spouse and marry for the second or third time in their sixties and seventies , you can absolutely date without problems at the age of 24 . 
  for the record i 'm 28 , single and far from over the hill . 
  it 's far worse to be desperate for a girlfriend at 24 than it is to be merrily independent at 30 . 
  there 's no need to be mean . 
  i 'm 28 , been doing gymnastics for a year and i 've alternately got my back tuck and lost it again . 
  why do n't you just say `` well done mate '' and leave it at that ? 
  great stuff , well done you !, 
  i 've gone back into the fear zone with my back tuck since i under-rotated and smashed my shoulder against the side of the pit a couple of months ago , erk . 
  if you can do it , so can i !, 
  whether i approve of a reason behind abortion does n't matter , and there is no limit on my approval . 
  there are laws in place to stop extremely late term abortions and selective gender abortions and that 's fine with me . 
  everything else is up to to the individual woman , and what i think about her reasoning does n't matter in the slightest as long as she has the access she needs to one . 
  i do n't think there will ever be a time where abortion will be ended completely , but i do agree that taking steps like increasing sex ed for teenagers and children of both genders to help reduce the * need * for abortions would be extremely helpful in the long run . 
  i used to buy them by the dozen from an ice cream van that sat outside my school at chucking out time every day . 
  they are amazing and i just ca n't find them anywhere now . 
  affc was really really hard for me to drag myself through , but i sailed through adwd and really enjoyed it . 
  it has more of a sense of moving things along and ends on some good cliffhangers . 
  i love being a woman and enjoy ( almost ) every part of it . 
  apart from the periods . 
  they can go hang . 
  but no , i do n't want to magically become a man because i do n't like being feminine . 
  i also think it 's interesting how women are encouraged to be more masculine in a lot of ways , or it 's okay to have masculine traits but it 's absolutely not okay for boys to like any kind of girly hobby or girlie dress . 
  i also do n't think that just because our bodies become physiologically different means that we have to stay divided into two camps of man and woman and never the twain should meet . 
  yo boy mersea . 
  i used to work at the wolsey in ipswich too . 
  it 's not fair on this girl to project your insecurities on to her when she 's done nothing wrong . 
  i 'm assuming since you 've only been going out an incredibly short space of time that you knew when you got together that she likes to go to parties . 
  she 's told a guy who was coming on to her that she had a boyfriend - i do n't think it 's fair of you to demand anything more from her than that at this stage . 
  if you ca n't realistically cope with her going to these parties , being hit on by guys and turning them down then you need to step away for a while until you 've got your confidence back . 
  it sounds like she 's not going to start being a homebody anytime soon . 
  it 's only fair , really . 
  there 's a lot of pressure for women to be well-dressed and maintained in every situation , even sweating it out down the gym or with a newborn ( see ` gym bunny ' and ` yummy mummy ' ) . 
  why should n't men do the same ? 
  both . 
  men want women to look ` hot ' and this includes dressing well , not just a good face . 
  women put a lot of pressure on themselves and have a lot of pressure put on them from the media at the same time . 
  you ca n't pin it down to one gender - it 's everyone . 
  i just tend to think it should work both ways . 
  zero importance . 
  i like his hands to be in my hair or stroking my face or round my waist instead ,, 
  lock your wardrobe door . 
  lock your underwear drawer . 
  make it a coded one just in case she decides to go hunting for a key . 
  she 'll soon get sick of trying to get at your clothes without your permission . 
  go to her at a good time - i 'm assuming you know when the best time to approach her normally is - and request an hours tutorial with her outside of work hours . 
  alternatively is there anyone else in your department you can ask to teach you ? 
  you 're an intern and you 're there to learn ; you ca n't just quit something because you 're mildly rubbish at it and your coordinator knows what she 's doing . 
  you might * feel * like you ca n't do it , but you absolutely can , you just lack the knowledge * how * to . 
  that 's easily fixed . 
  explain very calmly that you would like to produce work of the standard she expects but you 're still getting confused and would like just to go over the coding you need and their look book . 
  i 'm sure if you explain to her that you want to produce the high quality work she obviously expects of you ( and believes you can do ) then it will be fine . 
  first rule of work ( and life ) : ** never be afraid to ask questions ** .
