  front left pocket : pill packet , two pens , lip balm and an english setter association badge . 
  front right pocket : tissues and mobile . 
  keys . 
  there was a necklace in there earlier on too until i remembered it was there and decided to wear it . 
  main bag : wallet , kindle , nurofen , sunglasses case , umbrella , hairbrush , glasses case , payslips , assorted paperwork including letters from the tax office , brochure for the spa i keep meaning to book a treatment at , one glove , spare dog poo bag , hand cream . 
  inside pocket : a penny . 
  but it 's not * your problem * . 
  she is no longer your problem and what she chooses to do with her body has * zero * effect on your life . 
  to be perfectly bluntly honest , why should she care about your opinion when you 're just another friend to her ? 
  you need to spend some time away from her and get your priorities straight on how much you 're letting this affect you . 
  you said it yourself , you do n't get upset when other friends get body mods - you need to get your feelings about her choices down to this level of apathy too . 
  start by quitting the sex with her . 
  do n't go out with her , hang out with her or have long phone calls with her . 
  wean yourself off of her , because this is the only way you 're going to stop feeling so unnecessarily possessive of what she chooses to do . 
  keep repeating to yourself ` she is not my problem ' . 
  because she is n't , and you getting so worked up about this is going to be the least of your problems when she decides she is n't going to put up with you throwing hissy fits and starts avoiding you anyway . 
  i would be absolutely furious if a boyfriend did this to me . 
  why are you putting up with it if you know exactly why she 's doing it ? 
  she 's walking around leading on other guys * right in front of you * and you 're just letting her do it . 
  grow a spine and dump her . 
  big . 
  massive big . 
  too much space big . 
  the alamo . 
  super-religious . 
  texas accents . 
  heat . 
  good food . 
  we think they 're ridiculous and funny all at the same time . 
  and only to be worn at fancy dress parties . 
   the alternative to agnosticism is not exclusively christianity . 
  nope , it 's not . 
  but as far as i 'm aware churches and church members still want you to come along and find out a bit more even if you do n't believe in anything or ca n't decide what you believe in . 
  the mail on sunday is hilariously confused about this one . 
  they had a double page spread last week talking about the teacher jeremy forrest and how he was just a lovely , try-hard , totally misunderstood man who never abducted anyone at all . 
  yes . 
  town councils are , by and large , the biggest bunch of nimby navel-gazers i 've ever met . 
  it drives me up the wall . 
  mint and orange juice . 
  i waver between okc and match but tend to find myself returning to okc more often than not , especially since it 's free and seems to have a higher turnover rate of people joining up than match . 
  fwiw i 'm 28 and uk based . 
  i did sign up to eharmony but found i hated the format where they would only let you see guys first names on the front page and not their photo , so i kept forgetting whose profile i 'd already clicked on . 
  i get that their whole angle is ` go with the personality , not the picture ' but not having a picture there to go by drove me up the wall . 
  i 've had a couple of good dates with match and they do tend to be guys who are looking for something more serious , but there are less people in my area , so i get tired of it quite quickly . 
  you also hit the paywall as soon as you do anything other than look at a profile . 
  on match you do have to be careful that you 're looking at active profiles and not someone who has n't logged in for a year . 
  they do get a bit naughty with that . 
  an older friend of mine is on pof but i 've always thought it pretty skeezy and have n't touched it . 
  i 've also tried my single friend and guardian soulmates with a little bit of luck but nothing worth calling home about . 
  regarding clothes shopping :, 
  do n't love it ? 
  do n't buy it . 
  it 's saved me a lot of hassle . 
  if i 'm umming and ahhing over a top in the dressing room then i clearly do n't love how i look in it , which means i 'll never wear it . 
  i just pretend the ` y ' does n't exist and say it ` ronwood ' . 
  so much easier . 
  this is my brother 's girlfriend exactly . 
  when we first met her , i could . 
  not . 
  her . 
  she was so spoiled and entitled and possessive of him !, 
  she even came across as jealous of mum and i and it was so bizarre . 
  i just could not understand why my brother had chosen her to go out with . 
  now it 's like five years later and i 'm never going to be actual friends with her , but i can see how good she is for my brother and what a cool girl she actually is . 
  she has a lot of really admirable qualities and they 've grown up together really well . 
  she wo n't be going anywhere anytime soon and i 'm okay with that . 
  related tangent : i 'm british so would have zero problem doing this . 
  my friend in oklahoma wanted to merge her and her husband 's names and had to actually go to court about it because it 's cool for the women to change surnames , but apparently it 's technically illegal in some states for the man to change his ? 
  i was gobsmacked how many legal hoops she needed to jump through to get it done . 
  not that i 've seen . 
  for general cv and job application advice i find that [ guardian careers ] ( http://careers.guardian.co.uk/ ) has loads of really excellent tips and guides , and they 'll often have q&a s about various sectors too . 
  you must get some real headaches trying to make those two statements go together . 
  currently somewhere around a three year dry spell . 
  i 'm tired of one night stands and unsatisfying ultra-short term relationships and i 'm fine holding out until i meet someone worth sleeping with again . 
  i actually find i miss the companionship more than the orgasms , to be honest . 
  inception . 
  joseph gordon levitt 's zero-gravity hotel corridor fight scene and the tilting hotel bar scenes are fucking awesome and i just adore the soundtrack . 
  seriously one of my favourite ever films . 
  to start with i think you really just need to put in place some kind of distraction technique . 
  is there a hobby you 've always kind of been interested in but either your girlfriend has n't liked it or you have n't the time ? 
  go pick it up now or start looking at ways ( evening classes ) to get to know more . 
  you 'll need something to focus your attention on and a hobby , whether it 's the gym or creative woodworking is the best way to achieve this . 
  do n't even bother thinking about the dating scene . 
  fresh out of a long term relationship and still reeling from it you are not anywhere near a good catch for another girl right now . 
  you need to focus on yourself and what you want for a while . 
  feel free to go have some casual sex if you think it might help and do the whole `` get over someone by getting under someone else '' , but it 's not a requirement by any means . 
  finally , and most importantly you 're going to be okay . 
  your world might have pretty much ended , but the rest of the world has n't . 
  it 's going to suck something chronic for a while , but it * will * get better and you * will * meet someone else who makes your next relationship amazing . 
  guaranteed . 
  i do see where you 're coming from , and absolutely it 's not fair that he 's now got a kid out there that he 's probably going to be paying for , but if he went out and had sex * without * protection on his end , then my sympathy level drops dramatically . 
  plus , he does n't have to have contact with this child if he does n't want . 
  he does n't have to do the pregnancy or birth or sleepless nights or playground bullies , he just has an extra bill to pay . 
  and a hell of an incentive to keep it wrapped next time . 
  i imagine that if she 's got the flu then she 's feeling ratty and like crap anyway , and you just got the wrong end of the stick about it . 
  it does n't excuse it , and it absolutely does n't excuse her disliking your sister in law for no reason , but it 's probably an explanation for her going off on you like that . 
  i 'd say still go and see her today like you promised ( i doubt cancelling more time with her will help anything ) , mostly because she 's sick and obviously would like some sympathy , but make it a short visit . 
  when she 's feeling better , sit down with her probably and explain to her why she said what she said hurts . 
  sometimes your family is fun and sometimes it 's just a chore you have to do to keep * them * happy , and everyone would like her to be a part of it too . 
  then make more of an effort to take her to see your family on the weekends , even if it 's just once a month .
