  now i 've switched to a cup , i think i 've needed to empty it out in a public toilet maybe ... twice in two years , and that was really only because i forgot to do it before i left the house . 
  you really do n't get that heavy leaky oh-god-i-need-to-change-it feeling like you do with a tampon at all . 
  it 's not like it absorbs the blood or anything . 
  you wash it out , it 's clean and sanitary on insertion , and it 's much nicer than having a wad of cotton up there all day long . 
   he has said that if i let him sleep with me one more time `` do what ever he wants '' , that he 'll forgive me , that his pride and heart will be healed . 
  he wo n't ` forgive ' you anything , and you do n't owe him . 
  this is just one more way of trapping you and hurting you . 
  he 's threatened never to talk to you again ? 
  * good * . 
  take him up on that . 
  do n't respond to him . 
  block him from everything . 
  cut him out . 
  you did n't leave him for someone else , you left him because he was abusing you . 
  this was all his fault , not yours . 
  not even a little bit . 
  i work for my dad and spend all day with him . 
  perfectly normal father/daughter relationship . 
  he 's a star . 
  you can hardly call it ` true love ' when she 's not inclined to go on a date with you . 
  true love is when something is * reciprocated * , not when you 're blindly crushing on someone . 
  and to be honest , i think waiting for the other person to give you a blunt no rather than politely understanding what they are trying to tell you is selfish on your behalf . 
  you know what she means , you just do n't want to hear it . 
  well , first of all i 'm not sure if you 're looking for a relationship or a fwb situation , but from what i can see you 're both backing away when you 're given an opportunity and getting hung up on unavailable people . 
  with b you 've tried it , it 's not going anywhere , she 's got a new boyfriend , so drop it . 
  t sounds like she does n't know what she wants , but she 's also not interested in you - the fact that she was cuddly when drunk but texting the dj and another guy when she was sober , and she stonewalled you at the party says all you need to know . 
  however , l gave you plenty of open opportunities , and you backed off and told yourself ` oh , friends ! ' . 
  no op - she was texting you after the party with flirty messages and kept seeing you . 
  her line about not wanting a relationship on your first movie night told you exactly what she wanted - an fwb , which she has then proved by finding herself fwbs with other guys . 
  that was an opportunity that you talked yourself out of . 
  if you * do * want more with l than just sex , then fair enough , but if you 're cross that you 're missing out on hanky panky , then that was your fault , not hers . 
  pretty important , yes - or at least if they do n't share my particular passion , that they are enthusiastic about my enjoyment of them . 
  some are more important than others ; i 'm a voracious novel reader , but as long as a guy enjoys reading * something * ( newspapers , magazines , online blogs ) , i do n't care what it is . 
  my really big passion is dogs and dog showing , however . 
  i would need any guy i date to love dogs , to want to own more than one , and to not mind coming to the occasional dog show with me on weekends , because this is a passion that i spend time and a reasonable amount of money on . 
  i could n't date anyone who did n't like dogs , or was snobby about pedigree breeds and dog shows , because my breed is something that 's really important to me . 
  of course , i would enthusiastically get involved in any passions or hobbies that he had in return , because it 's only fair . 
  completely crass , but at least i know to avoid them . 
  if they want to `` get pussy '' , they can go to an animal shelter and find a cat instead . 
  the art is gorgeous ( i think the cgi sequence in the temple still stands up today ) , i love how evil jafar is allowed to become , and aladdin is a total hottie . 
  also , robin williams . 
  treasure what he left us . 
  lilo and stitch * always * makes me cry when he 's trying to be the ugly duckling . 
  oh my god . 
  so many tears . 
  right now i do sales for the family business mostly because i moved away from my old theatre career and my dad offered me the job . 
  i 'm switching careers for teaching though , and i 'll start my teacher training course this autumn . 
  i 'm doing that because i love history , i want to get teenagers enthusiastic about history , and i like working with secondary school kids . 
  they 're a fun time of life to be involved in , and definitely never dull . 
  you need an esta , but make sure you get it from the official us government site , because there are fraudulent ones set up to catch people out . 
  it should cost you about a tenner . 
  i definitely know that two or three of my friends reddit , but that 's about it . 
  [ my baby !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lbooigh.jpg ) his full name is henry ford , as we 've named all of our dogs so far after cars . 
  he also has a shiny official registered kennel club name for shows . 
  he gets called henry , h , henry baby , fattie , and fattiedog . 
  the last two are mostly from this weekend where we realised he needed to lose weight , so now he is a dieting dog . 
  he is [ not very impressed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nscy3fl.jpg ) by that fact . 
  i studied theatre production at uni to be a lighting designer . 
  i did that freelance for a few years until i did n't love theatre any more . 
  i do sales now but i 'll be going into teacher training to teach secondary school history from this september . 
  do n't feel like you have to have everything figured out at uni , and do n't think that you need to be doing the subject now that you will be doing forever and ever and ever . 
  things change . 
  * you * will change . 
  take opportunities where you get offered them and do n't put yourself into a rut because it 's where you think you should be . 
  you can do * anything * , and it 's more and more typical of our generation to change careers two or three times in our lives . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  okay , first of all this post could have been condensed into `` i had a bad breakup , went on one great date and now i think i 'm in love but she does n't want a relationship . '', 
  you went on * one date * . 
  you are not in love . 
  slow the fuck down . 
  also , good date etiquette is not to spill absolutely everything about the ex and your innermost secrets the first time that you meet someone . 
  try and remember that for next time . 
  she is fresh out of an engagement . 
  you are fresh out of a bad breakup . 
  wanting some space is a * good * thing . 
  if you want to date her , then back off and leave her alone , and do n't try and be her friend . 
  she 's told you what she needs , and it 's not a relationship . 
  not bad for someone who only comes through to visit friends . 
  to be honest op , this is what happens when you act like a silly little girl . 
  you get into a stupid massive argument on facebook , which you then deliberately use to wind up becky over tinder , and when a friend tries to protect you , you decide to be cruel to her as well . 
  you knew exactly what you were doing with those tinder messages , and i 'm not surprised that emily is furious with you . 
  it 's not that she hates nick , it 's that * you * were being an antagonistic little child to everyone . 
  i do n't think you can fix this op , quite honestly . 
  you need to make a serious , honest apology to both emily and becky , either over email or in person , and then you need to back off and let them decide whether to forgive you . 
  personally , if you were my friend , i would n't let you off the hook for this at all . 
  yeah . 
  * you * thought it was funny . 
  clearly no one else did , and that is the problem here . 
  you are not a funny person . 
  your jokes are n't funny . 
  they 're mean and deliberate . 
  you did n't have to blow up that message from becky into a stupid trolling opportunity . 
  you could have joked about it with nick * privately * and left it at that , but you just had to push it that bit further and poke someone you knew would get angry about it . 
  that 's not funny at all . 
  you 're also really good at shifting the blame here , op . 
  emily was mean to nick . 
  becky 's friends were harrassing you . 
  emily talked about nick behind your back . 
  this was * your fault * .
