  revolting stuff . 
  the desire to learn and educate myself . 
  i 'm throwing myself into a whole new degree , attending academic lectures and whizzing out essays in a couple of days and i absolutely love it . 
  the motivation for me is the career change i really , really want and although my social life is kaput right now , it 'll all so be worth it when i graduate and get to do what i really want to do . 
  eh , chocolate is always appreciated . 
  particularly if it 's green & blacks or ben & jerrys . 
  otherwise my periods are n't anything particularly special . 
  i just get on with it , like pretty much everyone else . 
  and we might not want you to . 
  i honestly do n't want to be treated any differently depending on when i 'm leaking blood or not . 
  my periods are absolutely ordinary and really do n't require any extra attention at all . 
  but we do n't * need * ` help ' . 
  there is no help required for me to naturally leak blood for five days . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  it 's honestly nice that you want to be nice , and it 's nice that you care about your partner but periods are something that most women deal with every single month between 13 and 53 ( ish ) . 
  we 've got the hang of it . 
  just leave us to it . 
  i know you 're being nice , but please do let me clarify once and for all ; we do n't need you to help us with our periods , despite what you may believe . 
  please do n't help ( unless we specifically ask for help or in / u/ladyintheatre 's case , unless medical attention is needed ) . 
  do n't treat us differently . 
  just leave us to it . 
  i used to live in scotland , so i 'm more than used to seeing guys wearing kilts around town . 
  seeing men wearing poodle skirts or mini skirts is a little odd though . 
  you just do n't really have the legs for it . 
  edit : saying that though , eddie izzard looked wicked in a skirt . 
  blackadder series 2 , 3 and 4 . 
  fawlty towers, 
  the perfect list !, 
  i always have such a soft spot for allo allo and the good life in particular . 
  op , [ this comic relief sketch ] ( http://youtu.be/wxb1gb6k-2a ) is a good little intro to the catherine tate show with a dash of doctor who thrown in . 
  whenever i get together with my friends , my hands down favourite game that we always play is [ the great game of britain ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/the-great-game-of-britain/dp/b0007xc1qq ) . 
  on the surface it just looks like a slightly dull railway board game , but it actually enables you to be the most ruthless , backstabbing , double handed board game player you could ever wish for by sticking all your friends in a corner of the board and blocking them there for six turns in a row . 
  i bloody love it . 
  edit : it has to be the vintage version , not the new one . 
  the vintage one is the original and best . 
  have you tried trivial pursuit [ bet you know it ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/trivial-pursuit-bet-you-know/dp/b003eyutvy/ref=sr_1_1?s=kids&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1397595769&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=trivial+pursuit+bet+you+know+it ) ? 
  it 's much quicker than the original and you get to bet on your friends , which i loved . 
  oh , definitely . 
  my mum always comments on how expensive things are and always goes for the cheaper option with * everything * , even when the more expensive option is something our house uses more often , like certain brands of butter or bell peppers . 
  it drives my dad and i nuts , since we 're very much the opposite with money . 
  we do lots of little things together like going to a cafe for brunch or going shopping . 
  for my birthday we went to london for the day , spent the morning shopping in harrods and then mum booked us in for a rather luxurious afternoon tea treat at a swanky hotel , which was so wonderful . 
  i 'll go with her to the gym and sauna sometimes , or we 'll go for days out to local equestrian events like point to point or showjumping . 
  sometimes i 'll just sit with her in the kitchen while she does ironing and we watch a tv programme together and then chat about it afterwards . 
  sometimes all we 'll do is sit together and work our way through a tub of chocolate ice cream and talk about all kinds of stuff . 
  i love it and i feel really close to her . 
  we also have tv series that we claim the living room for and watch together ; sunday evenings are call the midwife time or downton abbey time . 
  we share books too - mum will often pass on a book to me that her sister passed on to her and she really enjoyed , or we 'll both get audio cds to listen to in the car and then swap them . 
  it means we always have something to talk about that is n't just family or work . 
  i 'd say get out and about , rather than just sitting around and talking . 
  have something like shopping to distract you both when the topics get too intense , and it also means you can relax with a coffee break and a piece of cake when you both get tired . 
  dogs , theatre , books . 
  they need to be at least dog likers or passionate dog lovers as i want two or three large dogs in the house later on in life , so they 'll need to be okay with that !, 
  i do n't mind if they are n't passionate about theatre , but i 'd like any guy i date to enjoy reading . 
  this whole post just reeks of selfishness . 
  it 's all me , me , me , i want , want , want . 
  she is * married * and it does n't matter how good or bad her relationship is , because she is ** not yours to pursue ** . 
  do you have any idea what you could be doing to her reputation at work by flirting with her all the time ? 
  i guarantee you , every single other co worker there is going to be gossiping about how much time you two are spending together , and is n't she * married * ? 
  you are * twenty one * and she is * thirty five * , and you are not star crossed lovers held back by an evil uncle who is keeping her prisoner . 
  she has just cheated on her husband with you , and that is a big fucking deal . 
  you need to back off , find a new job and leave her alone . 
  up to two years younger and up to ten years old . 
  i do n't compare myself with other people , simple as . 
  so other people are in relationships/married/babied , big deal . 
  i showed my dog at crufts two months ago . 
  when did they last do that ? 
  so they 're off on a coupled holiday together , no problem - i 'm going to book my week off in the summer to go hang out with my friends and go drinking in sunny london pubs instead . 
  i 've filled my week up with so much productive stuff i could n't even fit a boyfriend in if i tried , so it does n't bother me that i do n't have one around . 
  if you * really * ca n't get over people being a happy twosome , go stick your head in / r/relationships for a while . 
  there are a lot of depressed people in there in a relationship who really wish they were n't . 
  i 'd much rather be single and happy than in a couple and miserable . 
  considering i 've spent most of my working life in freelance theatre and now i 'm back to being a student , i just need a couple of hundred quid in there to make me feel okay about life . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  oh he was a cutie with that floppy beret and total hopelessness !, 
  you are dating your boyfriend . 
  you are not dating his friends . 
  you can not dictate , or get mad about who grown people talk to because it has * nothing to do with you * . 
  his friends have absolutely zero allegiances to you and they can talk to whoever they damn well want . 
  you are being such a child , seriously . 
  stop kissing other people . 
  stop trying to control other people . 
  get over yourself and grow up . 
  it matters to * him * . 
  he is doing what you ask . 
  his friends do n't have anything to do with what you want , and quite frankly if you keep up this level of demands they will turn round and tell your boyfriend to dump you anyway . 
  i 'm in sales now looking to go into secondary teaching . 
  i 'm doing a full time degree in history at the same time as i work so i 've got the qualifications i need , and i volunteer a day a week in a local school to get classroom experience . 
  i 'll spend this summer sorting out my application to go into teacher training , and i 'll also need to swot up on maths to pass the new skills tests that trainee teachers have to pass . 
  day to day i just try and keep up with education issues through tes , the guardian or the bbc . 
  never tried vegemite , but marmite is evil evil evil . 
  my mum has it every day on her toast and i just want to gag . 
  you will never , ever convince me to eat that mouldy , sickly tar . 
  yeugh . 
  i do dog shows and gymnastics . 
  mostly i got into dog shows because it 's something that my family has always done . 
  i went with my parents to loads of shows when i was little and vividly remember watching my dad doing ringcraft classes with one of our setters when i was in primary school . 
  my great aunt was a famous breeder and handler of dachshunds ( it 's family legend that she sold daxies to some of the royal family ) , and my nanna showed at crufts years ago . 
  our last dog hated crowds so we never showed him , but our current one henry adores it , and i 'm the one who 's taken up exhibiting him . 
  we go to weekly ringcraft classes and maybe one show a month , or every two months-ish ?
