  sometimes , though , gravity is just not my friend . 
  oh it definitely helps . 
  i do gymnastics ( with a secure sports bra on !, 
  ) , and just working on bridges , back bends and back walkovers helps ease my back and shoulders so much . 
  pilates is amazing , too . 
  it just helps to get that flexibility and posture back again . 
  n.b ; i 'm british so when we go to uni we apply solely for one subject and we do n't major/minor in things . 
  i deliberately picked a vocational degree because i wanted to get the contacts to get into work immediately afterwards . 
  i did a ba in theatre production , specialising in lighting and sound , but the nature of my course meant that i worked in stage management and set design , too . 
  i had tons and tons of work experience . 
  we were encouraged to get theatre work outside the course and to work with older students who were designing productions as well as working on our own in-house shows all year round . 
  we did have formal placements , but they were n't particularly different to other work we got , other than being in other towns or with professional theatre companies . 
  i 'm now working in sales and retraining to be a history teacher , but i freelanced in theatre and events for around four years doing just what i trained for . 
  i only quit the profession because i burned out on it and wanted a more stable career . 
  get as much work experience as you possibly can . 
  i was offered a job before i actually finished my course , and that was all down to the amount of work i got on my cv prior to graduation . 
  make contacts - it 's all about who you know , not what you know , every time . 
  no problem !, 
  always happy to see someone spreading the / r/abrathatfits love !, 
  i love travelling by myself . 
  i worked for six months on a cruise ship , flew out to join it without knowing anyone onboard and flew home alone again after my contract ended . 
  i had a blast !, 
  whilst onboard i 'd also arranged to go to montreal to meet ship friends after our contracts had ended , but they all dropped out five days before i was due to fly . 
  booked a hostel , went anyway , had an amazing time and made some brilliant friends . 
  i also like taking a week to myself during the summer at the moment and taking a drive to london and oxford . 
  i stay with friends in london but spend a few days by myself in oxford just enjoying the city . 
  it 's really lovely and refreshing , and if you just sit in a restaurant with a book/ipad no one bothers you or even thinks twice about you being there alone . 
  i 've just finished a re-read of the farseer trilogy , which i still have so much love for . 
  i did have to skip the bit where [ spoiler ] ( #s `` fitz is in regal 's dungeon '' ) though . 
  too much for me !, 
  i will always have time to re-read harry potter , and i love dipping in and out of pratchett every now and again . 
  i did re-read asoiaf a year or so ago but that was only because i gave up halfway through acok and wanted to actually get through the damn thing . 
  oh , and i re-read the hunger games trilogy a couple of months ago to refresh myself before catching fire gets released . 
  you 've only been married a year . 
  you 're so young - just because you 've got good income coming in now does n't mean you need to suddenly launch yourself into having babies to take advantage of it . 
  it 's not like you 're saying ** never ** , you 're just saying ` not right now ' . 
  you said it yourself in your op :, 
   we agreed to wait a while . 
  it killed me a bit , but he really did n't feel ready for kids , so he did n't mind waiting at all . 
  is n't it only fair that he does the same for you ? 
  you 're both going to be parents after all , so you both need to be on the same page about it . 
  talk to him about it again . 
  stress how much you 're enjoying being comfortable now , and that you 're never going to have this early marriage , financially comfortable situation with just the two of you again where you can go where you like and buy what you like without worrying about pushchairs , nappies and finding a babysitter if you want a few hours out . 
  whatever you do , do n't get pregnant because you feel like you * have * to . 
  get pregnant because you feel like you * want * to . 
  change your passwords . 
  you might have nothing to hide , but he has absolutely zero right to pry and demand . 
  you 're right , he 's not treating you like a girlfriend , he 's treating you like an irresponsible little child . 
  honestly , i 'm not even sure why you 're putting up with his behaviour . 
  he clearly has no respect for you . 
  tudor england and the tudor court . 
  all of the backstabbing just fascinates me . 
  course not . 
  i 'm 28 , single , and do n't date younger men . 
  single 30s guys are my target market , as it were . 
  i get more into my books through the characters , so i 'm not hugely bothered about the worldbuilding . 
  i also tend to skimread , so lots of detail will probably pass me by . 
  a little bit of exposition so i know whether the story has moved into a jungle/the coast/a palace/an inn is fine with me . 
   evolution is a harmful worldview . 
  it implies that since there are racial differences between humans , they are fundamentaly separate . 
  well , what about dogs ? 
  there are hundreds and hundreds of different breeds of dogs , many of which we can trace back the origins . 
  my dog , an english setter , was bred from different breeds like the spaniel or the pointer , back in the 1800s by one man . 
  the breed has n't always existed , it was * created * by a human , or multiple humans who have taken one breed and refined it again and again over generations . 
  they did n't appear , fully made , from the sixth day . 
  dogs come in enormous variations , too - you 've got the great dane or an irish wolfhound all the way down to a teeny little chihauhua or jack russell terrier . 
  we 're continually creating them , too , intercrossing different breeds with each other . 
  if we can physically trace back the origins of different dogs , specifically bred just within the last few hundred years * by humans * , where was the touch of god in that ? 
  also , there are breed differences in dogs , enormous ones , but they are all still dogs . 
  likewise , we have evolved separately in different races , but we are all still * humans * . 
  it 's only some humans instinct who look for differences to make excuses for superiority , not the physiology . 
   water does n't need intelligence to find it 's way through gaps and drip down . 
  it just does , because of its nature . 
  i 'd also add to that that one little drop of water finding its way through a crack does n't mean much , but lots of drops over a long period of time can make a gully , and a gulf , and a canyon . 
  the world has n't always been as it is since pre-christian days , and lots of landscapes look * very * different now to how they did even three thousand years ago . 
  whether they 're ` innocent from sin ' or anything like that does n't matter to my main argument , which is that we , as humans , have selectively bred hundreds of different types of dogs over the years who are vastly , vastly different from each other . 
  you can trace their origins , and how we bred them , which country they came from , what need they were created to meet and which ancestors they have come from . 
  god did n't create those breeds , * we * did . 
  depends what i 'm up to socially . 
  sometimes i run a couple of packs together , but i find it does tend to affect my mood by the end of the second pack so i 'll take a break for a bit o ' bleeding after that . 
  yum . 
  where can i find more of him , please ? 
  yes please : [ ben whishaw ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/c48231c348de13375bfa5e9722193d59/tumblr_mkv6eufqjk1snqjfyo7_1280.jpg ) , [ robert downey jr ] ( http://www.gq.com/images/entertainment/2013/05/robert-downey-jr/robert-downey-jr-1.jpg ), 
  no thank you : vin diesel , robert pattinson , channing tatum . 
  my dog is ridiculous and aggravating , and a pain in the neck but i adore him like nothing else . 
  plus i can bring him to work with me , so i get to spend all day with him !, 
  also , i 'm looking online at gorgeous new country boots that i plan to buy this weekend . 
  toasty warm dog walks , here i come . 
  i trained for my chosen industry at drama school for three years and then worked freelance doing it for four years until i decided i was just too burnt out and quit . 
  that was two years ago . 
  i 'm 28 now and very poor , but working towards my new degree , retraining to be a teacher and * much * happier in my choices . 
  teaching will be more stable work , more lucrative financially and give me a little more flexibility in my life for future family commitments . 
  we change so much during our twenties - i * loved * my old industry ( and still miss doing it quite a lot ) , but as work going into my thirties and forties ? 
  not anywhere near ideal . 
  honestly , i think you 're being a little too impatient with your dates ; after all , they want what you want which is to change , be happy in their job and to get more money doing it . 
  you 're not going to date them and start a family * right now * . 
  if they want to change jobs , encourage them !, 
  homer 's * odyssey * and * iliad * ? 
  heroic men doing heroic deeds in the ancient world with gods interfering all over the place . 
  a new satnav , because mine is old , dinky , and crotchety,
