  they 're skinnier than boy shorts and ride lower underneath your trouser bands . 
  personally i think french knickers are the most flattering , but everyone prefers different things . 
  it sounds like she 's running out of ideas of what to get you ( seeing as she used to do really well and now does n't ) , and either your hints are too subtle for her or she 's just rubbish about picking them up . 
  sometimes it 's just * really hard * to buy for people when it seems like they 've got everything , and maybe she 's running out of obvious ideas for you , especially if you already have a lot of stuff like android equipment . 
  i 'd say just try being more explicit with her - make an amazon wish list . 
  leave a catalogue out around a present-giving time with something that you 'd like underlined . 
  if an advert comes on for something , say `` you know , i 'd love to get that someday . '', 
  actually * ask * her what she 'd like for christmas/birthday/whatever , because hopefully that means she 'll ask the same question back . 
  when it 's coming up to my mum 's birthday and we see something she likes in a shop , she actually says to me `` it would be wonderful if a nice person got me that for my birthday . '', 
  if you do n't ask , you do n't get , and you know , sometimes people can just get really , really stuck on what to get someone even when they 've known them for years . 
  do n't drop hints . 
  be * helpful * , and hopefully she 'll start getting the idea . 
  have a browse through / r/fantasy for some recommendations of things that are similar to got . 
  sci-fi fiction might be right up your street too !, 
  probably . 
  i mean , you could always ask us about [ flashlights ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/1hkp8b/ladies_what_would_you_thinkdo_if_you_find_out/ ) just to make sure . 
  or [ ladybeards ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/1ow0fg/lovely_long_haired_ladies_can_you_give_yourself_a/ ) . 
  that might raise a chuckle out of some of us . 
  my mum loves a chat , so if i 'm down and need someone to talk to then i 'll go set the world to rights with her for a while and she always makes me feel better . 
  or i 've go two particular friends who always text me silly little things , and i 'll get in touch with them . 
  the main thing , i think , is n't setting myself up as a strong independent woman who does n't need anyone - of course i need someone - or rather , i need a small group of someones . 
  i always need emotional support and someone to bounce my day off of , because although i 'm fine to get along being single , i ca n't do long stints of being alone . 
  that person i turn to does n't need to be a romantic partner , though . 
  they can be friends or family , people i go and do my sports classes with , or just people i might run in to down the village cafe . 
  it 's amazing what a small chat , even just ten minutes with someone different will do for my emotional well being . 
  i got myself a nice cheap box of thorntons mini chocolate cake bars and a hug from the puppy . 
  i 'm looking forward to the sodding rain stopping at some point , going out to my gymnastics class and my comfy bed . 
  also , all the chocolates being half price tomorrow . 
  woo post-valentines sweet things sales !, 
  i 'd feel like it 's a shame that instead of learning and growing from bad things , he 's decided to stick his fingers in his ears and sing `` la la la it never happened ! '', 
  loudly and repeatedly . 
  eternal sunshine of the spotless mind much ? 
  but anyway , i 'd probably still not interact with him , or i 'd give him the cold shoulder . 
  just because he had gone back to square one with me does n't mean i 've done the same thing with him . 
  and no , i would n't remind him of anything , but i would n't go out of my way to be nice either . 
  robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogy gets you incredibly involved in her main character , fitzchivalry farseer and her secondary characters such as the fool or verity . 
  the world and the lore does develop quite nicely through farseer ( there 's a lot of history given throughout the book ) but it gets far bigger and more involved once you go on through * liveships * and then * tawny man * , so there 's plenty of series to keep you going . 
  definitely give it a go . 
  sorry , no idea . 
  it came out years ago though , it wo n't be difficult to buy it cheap through netflix or itunes or something . 
   b ) walks probably wo n't do much when she is eating so poorly she is actually gaining weight . 
  does n't matter . 
  the impetus here is getting her out and going again . 
  why do you go to the gym ? 
  because it makes you look good , but more importantly it makes you * feel * good . 
  you want her to get moving to get the endorphins flowing . 
  if she likes what she 's doing , she 'll want to do more of it . 
  small walks become long hikes , and short jogs become marathons . 
  carrots , remember ? 
  start small , start enthusiastic and build that momentum up , like pebbles rolling down a hill . 
  once she kick starts a routine she 'll get it going again , and that will include cleaner eating . 
  i think you might still be surprised at just how much we drink over here . 
  it 's quite usual for a group of friends/students to go sit at a pub from lunchtime through until closing , knocking back multiple pints back to back and just shooting the shit . 
  the pub is an after work , celebratory , consolationary , let 's go and catch up kind of place . 
  students have a reputation for being mostly drunk for a reason and there 's really no stigma about it at all . 
  edinburgh is a beautiful , beautiful city . 
  it 's a shame you 'll be seeing it when you 're jetlagged !, 
  honestly , i think if it 's a nice day , the best thing you can do there is just take a long wander round and explore . 
  the old town and new town are very different places and edinburgh is extremely walkable . 
  i would n't say the castle is that amazing . 
  i mean , i guess as americans you 'll be pretty impressed , but it 's quite empty and there are n't many exhibits to look at . 
  have an explore of princes street gardens below it afterwards as that 's lovely , and from there you can loop round the new town and along george street ( urban angel does wonderful food !, 
  ) , back across north bridge and have a good walk around the much older and more wandery old town . 
  you could also try and climb arthurs seat if the weather is good , but i suspect that will be more energy than either of you will have after your flight !, 
  the museum of scotland on chambers street is very good , and do n't forget to find the statue of greyfriars bobby and pat his head . 
  if you 've got the energy in the evening then there are a lot of ghost tours going on , and i think mercat is still the best . 
  you 'll find most of them starting on the royal mile by st giles cathedral , which is also beautiful . 
  i work in a bar on the weekends and believe me , there are plenty of groups of friends that come in at late lunch ( 2pm ish ) and sit through until 10 or 11 at night , just talking and drinking pints . 
  i have a regular large family group that come in and go through about four bottles of wine for most of the afternoon on a sunday . 
  i constantly used to go to the pub down the road from my teeny edinburgh campus and sit there with friends from 3 until 9 or 10ish . 
  i was never one for getting slaughtered , but setting the world to rights in a pub for the afternoon was hardly unusual . 
  i 'm not really one for bars anyway , and i do n't much like the idea of nursing a drink by myself . 
  i 'll do a lot of things alone quite happily - the cinema , the theatre , lunch at a cafe , dinner at a restaurant , but going to a bar is n't one of them . 
  sjw - social justice warrior, 
  poc - person of colour, 
  i * think * srs refers to shitredditsays . 
  we 're managing to hold our heads up at the winter olympics - jenny jones won our first medal on snow by getting bronze in the snowboard slopestyle and lizzie yarnold won gold in the womens skeleton bob on friday . 
  normally we 're total crap in the wo , so that 's quite nice . 
  there 's a debate going on about whether scotland would be able to keep the pound if they voted for independence . 
  westminster are saying no chance , scotland would be cut off , holyrood say westminster are bluffing . 
  most of the rest of the news is to do with the government 's completely rubbish response to flooding that we 've had , especially in somerset where some villages have been cut off for weeks . 
  they 've finally called the army in to help , but it 's really starting to look like too little , too late . 
  there was a lot of political sniping last week about who 's to blame , which people are really getting sick of when their house is four feet underwater and more rain is due . 
  if the attacker is bigger , faster and stronger , and superior in every way , then bringing a weapon into the equation is likely to be damaging , because it 's something that he will use against me . 
  you just said it yourself , if there is fight , he 'll win . 
  in my opinion , having a weapon is not an automatic trump card , so i do n't carry one . 
  i do n't , and wo n't , carry defensive items like that . 
  guns , knives over a certain length , pepper spray and tasers are all illegal in my country and i have no inclination to carry one . 
  in my view , if i whip out something like a knife , it could easily be used against me , and then i 'll go from getting punched ( or whatever ) to getting stabbed . 
  just because i have something available to me does n't mean that i 'll a ) be able to use it effectively if it came to it b ) will be the only one using it or c ) will win . 
  i 've used match and had okay results with it , but it tends to show you out of date profiles which is a bit frustrating . 
  it also kinda sucks in my area . 
  i do keep going back to it every now and again though , as it seems to give me more mature results than okc . 
  tried eharmony and massively disliked their home page , where it shows you names of matches but not photos . 
  it confused me so much , and i could n't remember who i 'd viewed and passed on and who i 'd viewed and liked . 
  i cancelled my account after the initial payment term . 
  i like the guys i get matched with on guardian soulmates more , but i seem to get a lower response rate on there , and most matches are from london . 
  i mean , london 's * okay * for me , but i 'd prefer dates to be outside the city more . 
  i 'm paid there until april but i 'll probably cancel it after that . 
  it 's also more expensive than any of the others .
