  the whole country ? 
  which part did n't appeal ? 
   holding a knife . 
  walk past the table . 
  see my beloved cat sitting and purring on the table . 
  imagine taking the knife and . . oh god no why am i thinking about that ?!, 
  what ?!?? 
  i had that yesterday !, 
  i was like omfg what am i even * thinking * ?!, 
  even when i put the knife safely back in the drawer and gave my dog a hug i was sure his expression said `` you had a thought about hurting me , did n't you ? '', 
  i felt so guilty !, 
  books , films , the local area , hobbies , what my family is like , things i 've done lately . 
  normal conversation topics , really , exactly the same as i 'd talk about with my friends . 
   there are plenty of other women i treat with respect , but my mom does not deserve it . 
  you might not respect her for whatever reason , but you can at least be courteous to her . 
  i do n't care what your growing up history is , if you 're out and out rude to another person then i 'm not interested in you . 
  treating your mother badly is an awful message to send to someone you 're trying to impress , too . 
  ` oh , my mum was shit so i 'm going to treat her like shit right back ' . 
  what does that say about how you 'd handle any potential arguments or breakups ? 
  either cut contact with your mum , or be cool and polite whenever you 're around her . 
  do n't be rude . 
  it 's not the adult way to deal with things . 
  children are rude to people they do n't like . 
  adults should know better . 
  and do n't tell me i should or should not take certain behaviours as ` red flags ' , either . 
  i love escapism , and fantasy always sweeps me away with amazing worlds and fabulous characters . 
  my favourites are robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogy , brandon sanderson 's * mistborn * and naomi novik 's * temeraire * books . 
  close behind is historical fiction , as i 'm a history geek anyway and it 's a lot of fun to immerse yourself in those worlds . 
  * the other boleyn girl * is a classic for me in that genre . 
  i went to a party with that theme a couple of years ago !, 
  a friend and i went together as olympic gymnasts , and got little gold medals to wear and everything !, 
  my favourite costume there was the girl who said she 'd always wanted to be minnie mouse . 
  oooh yes - if she loves philippa gregory , definitely get her to give alison weir a go , especially * innocent traitor * , which is about lady jane grey , or * the lady elizabeth * which is about the early life of elizabeth i. weir is a professional historian who writes fiction in her spare time , so her research quality is amaaazing . 
  elizabeth chadwick is another great historical romance writer , but i tend to find her quality is n't quite as good as weir . 
  if she wants something grittier , bernard cornwell is the king of historical fiction - i particularly love his * harlequin * series about thomas of hookton , which is early middle ages and mixes in a bit of fantasy with hunts for the grail as well as gory battles like agincourt . 
  very different from gregory etc , but cornwell is a wonderful writer and you ca n't go better for research . 
  if she 's into anything maritime , point her towards patrick o'brien - his books were adapted into the film * master and commander * . 
  he can be tough going sometimes as he assumes you know lots of naval terminology , but i love his characters . 
  oh you must try farseer , and then go on to liveships and tawny man . 
  hobb 's characters are my absolute absolute favourite - they become like your best friends . 
  i hope you 'll love it !, 
  i alternate between side sleep and front sleep , but i have obnoxious boobs so they always end up partially squashed , no matter what i do . 
  i 've been waking up a lot lately during the night , normally at something stupid like 1am and 3am , which is frustrating and takes bloody ages to get back to sleep . 
  the one thing that 's helping right now is relax and sleep , which is just a white noise app . 
  you can have stuff playing like an owl hooting , or dreamy music , or a dishwasher going or wind chimes , or mix two or three different things together . 
  honestly , just having something mumbling away in the background is brilliant - it sends me right back off again . 
  i set it to play for about an hour , and it fades itself out after that , but i reckon i 'm asleep again within twenty minutes . 
  definitely give it a go !, 
  never . 
  i use a yes/no scale . 
  am i attracted to him , yes/no ? 
  sometimes it might be a `` he 's * kinda * cute '' , but i never rate guys . 
  what 's the point ? 
  i 'm in the uk where the vast majority of people learn on a manual , and i 've driven manual for over ten years now . 
  our driving tests are ridiculously tough , too !, 
  i 've never driven an automatic , though my dad has owned a couple of them . 
  most of my necklaces are hung off the end of my bedframe - it mostly works , but one of the particularly dangly ones has somehow got caught in the bedframe joint and i ca n't get it out again !, 
  first world problems etc etc. 
  most of my earrings are put in a cute little hexagon box with a lid and live on a shelf . 
  the rest generally live somewhere in the pockets of my handbag until i remember that they 're there . 
  aw i love that idea !, 
  how crafty !, 
  i was 16 at the millennium , and i got myself a super futuristic sleeveless top in some awful crunchy silver material . 
  i thought i looked so cool . 
  i really did n't . 
  i do n't think so - just a lot of polyester and nylon all crammed together . 
  god , is n't pleather awful ? 
  i ca n't stand it . 
  you know there are jelly shoes back in the shops now ? 
  like , [ actual jelly shoes for adults ] ( http://www.office.co.uk/view/product/office_catalog/2,60/1375992781 ) ? 
  i have zero understanding of why fashion says they are the slightest bit cool . 
  i personally think it 's very hot . 
  plenty of women watch gay porn or write m/m fiction too . 
  no periods , thank you . 
  not in the slightest . 
  if i did n't make the first move i 'd never get any sodding dates !, 
  english men are rubbish at the approach . 
  it sounds like you 've made your decision on what you want to do , but your gf is the one with the real problem here . 
  look , in the end it comes down to this : you are both in your twenties . 
  you are living independently , as adults . 
  i would honestly be shocked if at least * one * person in your families has not already twigged what is going on if they already know you are in the same house together . 
  your girlfriend is going to have to decide what is more important here , your relationship or your family . 
  she ca n't have it both ways , and the longer she tries to keep having it both ways , the bigger chance there is that either the family will find out anyway , or your relationship will break down from sheer stress . 
  you can not get to forty years old and still be sneaking around like fifteen year olds . 
  if she wants to be treated like an adult , with an adult relationship then she needs to approach this like an adult . 
  if you really think all hell is going to break loose , then put in contingency plans ; breaking all contact , moving further away , getting at least one person in either family on board as a mediator , whatever . 
  but you can not carry on hiding , because in the end you wo n't be able to keep it a secret forever , and the fall out is going to be a lot worse than if you just sat them all down , approached them together and told them `` we are in a relationship , it 's been six months , you can not change our mind , deal with it . '', 
  it has been almost twenty years since philosophers stone came out , amd i can certainly see popularity carrying on for another decade . 
  but yes , it 'll certainly be interesting to see where it goes . 
  i do n't see any problem in telling little girls they look pretty . 
  my little cousin who is almost 4 * loves * being told she 's pretty in her princess dresses . 
  i do n't think it has to be an either/or thing at all . 
  absolutely tell her she 's smart and fun and cool , but what 's so bad about telling her how nice or pretty she looks too ? 
  make your compliments well rounded and she 'll turn out fine . 
  i have a dog . 
  i love my dog and would do anything for him . 
  he 's my baby . 
  the dog is also * not * allowed in the bed or the bedrooms . 
  the bed is * my * space . 
  your girlfriend has asked for the bedroom to remain your space , and you 've agreed with this , but apparently you now know better .
