  i studied theatre production at university and worked freelance doing stage management for about five years , then quit and went into sales . 
  did sales for three years ( while also doing a second degree ) , and this year i started a university-lead teacher training course . 
  changing careers is never impossible , and i always think you 're just making little boxes for yourself by saying ` well i ca n't quit , because future kids need me ' . 
  future kids are * future * kids . 
  this is you * now * . 
  do n't put barriers in your own way . 
  this is your life , and you can make anything work out if you want it badly enough . 
  god no , you 're not too old !, 
  even if you retire at sixty five , that 's thirty five years more work life ahead of you . 
  you 've only done , what , ten years so far ? 
  you 've got plenty of time to retrain if that 's what you want to do . 
  your twenties are n't the be all and end all . 
  i promise , you will be surprised at how many mature students there are in uni . 
  i 'm thirty , and there are at least four others who are older than me and also retraining in my class of 14 . 
  i would rather not date a squaddie , but that 's mostly because i could n't deal with the idea of moving around or handling long deployments . 
  we 've had breakfast , opened presents , walked the dog and celebrated with bucks fizz . 
  the dinner smells amazing , i 've got a fab new tv and it promises to be a very relaxed , family kind of day . 
  i can eat my whole chocolate santa in one go and not feel guilty . 
   also , my doggy loves me tonnes . 
  a brand new tv . 
   my parents normally get my brother and i one big gift each , and this was mine . 
  it 's fabulous . 
  ironing . 
  i will avoid it by any means possible . 
  more than two years younger . 
  dating younger than my little brother is just weird . 
  you ca n't live your life for your sister 's sake . 
  you 've already spent two years putting off your own dreams and your own career - how long are you going to follow her wishes and not your own ? 
  your sister sounds really driven and dedicated . 
  if she put her passion into something constructive and achievable that she could do on her own , i 'm sure she could achieve amazing things . 
  but she * has * to let you go so that you can both do what you want . 
  you 're twenty years old , and an adult now . 
  no is a complete sentence . 
  there are dreams that she can do on her own , and she needs to go and find them . 
  generally awkward and disinterested , especially if there 's a big age gap . 
  edinburgh 's really really walkable and the bus services are good . 
  there are quite a few central youth hostels - the ones in the cowgate and grassmarket are in particularly good positions for walking around the city , and the porridge at hula in the grassmarket is reaallllly nice and warming on a chilly february afternoon . 
  with odeon ( and vue and cineworld i think ? ), 
  you can book your showing and seat online , and then just pick them up from a machine in the foyer . 
  the only social interaction you might do is getting your ticket checked before you go into the screen , or buying sweets . 
  matt and foggy , brovacados at law are my favourites , but you 've also got science bros tony and bruce , and flying bros tony and rhodey . 
  i also love pepper and natashas girl gang in im2 when they were getting on and being all corporate efficient . 
  steve/bucky are also definitely much more of an otp than just a bromance . 
  explaining the gift does n't make it better , it makes it even worse . 
  he did n't even bother to think about shopping until christmas eve ? 
  i know that 's a stereotype of hopeless men but come on , really ? 
  i do n't lie , but i also do n't feel the need to answer that question . 
  i feel like it 's a very invasive thing to ask . 
  i sort of like that the mask actually makes him look nothing like matt ? 
  it really changes the shape of his face somehow . 
  also , those must be two different churches seeing as one has votive candles at the back and the other does n't . 
  maybe the trio are attending a funeral and dd is in matts normal church ? 
  the car door scene and the healy bowling ball scenes are the ones that i always skip past on repeat viewings . 
  it 's the sound effects that do it for me . 
  i ca n't think of anything else too awful , and definitely nothing more to rival the car door . 
  go on dates but do n't sleep with someone until you feel a proper connection with them ? 
  it 's what i do and works perfectly well for me . 
  mostly it 's just exhausting , to be honest . 
  i 've recently disabled my okc profile and created a new pof one to see if there are a new pool of guys around , but mostly it ends up with lots of messages , maybe one or two dates and nothing more . 
  it 's so draining !, 
  where did the planner pay rule come from ? 
  i 've never heard of that one before , and i always offer to pay my half . 
  i have ( had ) adult acne and yasmine is really good at controlling my skin . 
  i 'm trying to lose a bit of weight , but i like everything else . 
  i 've never seen it come up here . 
  i plan dates , i 'm * always * asking the guy out , and i usually offer to pay , so ... i do n't really know what your argument is . 
  very low key with some of my closest friends . 
  just how i like it . 
  she is responsible for her own reactions and her own actions . 
  you are * not * to blame for her behaviour , and you can not possibly fix this , because she is cruel and abusive . 
  you need to take the dog and leave , op . 
  she is never ever going to change . 
  uh ... / u/lotusesq asked if you were at all shallow , and your answer was basically ` nah ... but i 'm nice to her because she 's actually fat and everyone judges her ' . 
  does that not maybe indicate what she said might be kind of true ? 
  apparently we 're much more circumspect with our use of language that americans are , which will probably be a good thing to be aware of if you 're already walking into a job . 
  if somethings ` not bad ' , it 's actually quite good , for instance . 
  we also use `` all right ? '', 
  as a general greeting , so do n't think that people are asking if you 're ill all the time . 
  we 're just saying hello . 
  oh my god i 'm so confused . 
  are we definitely in the mind palace or not ? 
  `` mary 's taking me home . '', 
  `` better . '', 
  love it . 
  he really is . 
  so ... has he solved either case ? 
  i went to a grammar school and we had to do latin up to year 9 . 
  the school i worked in last term also had latin for their year 7s to ground their mfl learning . 
  the rightful king ? 
  i 'd disagree with that - who says harold godwinson 's claim was better than hardrada or william ? 
  we do n't have any hard evidence as to who edward nominated as his successor , which is where the trouble started . 
  anyway , if the normans had n't invaded , english would n't be the language it is today , so i 'm fine with it . 
  love all these !, 
  i 've got a marvel tumblr too - what 's yours ? 
  honestly , it 's really just made things simpler for me . 
  i have n't really chosen to be celibate as much as that 's kind of the way it 's worked out for the last few years , but it 's also meant that i have n't beaten myself up over one night stands ( which stopped suiting me after university ) or short term relationships . 
  i really miss the companionship and intimacy of sex , but i have n't worried about pregnancy , stds , whether they actually like me or whether i 'm spending my twenties pining over yet another unobtainable guy . 
  bravery ? 
  i love going on dates !, 
  it 's fun to meet new people and find out all about them for a night or two .
