  she had already told you she was with someone new and was becoming serious with them . 
  it surely ca n't be a massive surprise that she picked him over you . 
  it sucks to be left behind , but you need to move on . 
  i went to a tiny little drama school in scotland to do a technical theatre degree . 
  it was entirely vocational , very hard work and a great three years . 
  it was n't your typical uni experience at all - as students we pretty much ran the campus as a working theatre , and i did n't have an exams , essays or lectures . 
  coming from a hothouse grammar school it was a breath of fresh air for me . 
  we produced shows all the time at uni , but i also worked a part time front of house job at a large receiving house theatre just up the road to supplement my student loan . 
  it fitted perfectly around my uni work , and even paid double time for working sunday shows . 
  height does n't matter an inch ( har de har ) , but networking can help . 
  do you have any relatives who are managers or run their own company who can let you have a few hours to get you started ? 
  as others have said , basic hospitality jobs are a good grounding - maybe go and see if your local pub/restaurant needs a potwasher in the kitchen or any extra bar or waiting staff . 
  your lack of exercise means you * will * start off being tired doing these jobs , but you will build up strength and endurance if you just keep at it . 
  for any international map hunters , you 've also got http://www.oldmapsonline.org/, 
  op , from an adult grown up lady , this robert guy sounds like a total tool who i would not touch with a ten foot pole . 
  he sounds arrogant , indecisive , careless about other people 's feelings , flighty ( exactly * how * many girls in your friendship group has he notched on his broken bedposts ? ), 
  and generally like a complete idiot . 
  one thing he does * not * sound like is a boyfriend , or an adult . 
  you * care * about your girlfriend . 
  she 's actually your girlfriend , for one thing !, 
  sex with you is clearly intimate , rather than just a throwaway thing to keep robert 's attention . 
  you actually want to be with her and create a relationship with her - believe me , you 're already twenty times better to her than he ever was . 
  your manager does * not * get to decide that for you . 
  he chose * your * desk and she damn well knows that he chose it for a reason . 
  of course you would be freaked out by that !, 
  i 'll admit i love it and quite enjoy the attention !, 
  it 's nice to be the special one . 
  it would get annoying if it was all the time , though . 
  as far as i 'm aware , scottish bursaries are just for scottish students . 
  i did my first degree at a scottish uni but got my finance through sf england at english rates . 
  family will probably sit with family and you ca n't avoid that , even if you tell them to sit where they like . 
  how many friends are they inviting ? 
  can you get friends to scatter themselves amongst family groups instead to mix everyone up a bit ? 
  you said you 've only just hit the 6 month mark with your boyfriend , so he knew full well you were a model going into it . 
  nothing has changed . 
  * you * have n't changed . 
  you 're only 19 !, 
  right now you have got absolutely unlimited potential , which you 're managing by travelling the world , networking with cool and exciting people , wearing gorgeous clothes and getting paid a great amount of money . 
  you 're doing just fine , op . 
  do n't let this guy hold you back . 
  he has no idea what your potential is , or could be . 
  neither do you . 
  model while you can , do law when you decide to leave it behind . 
  he 'd be mad to hold you back . 
  if it 's newcastle hotpot then fuck yeah . 
  my great aunt used to make it all the time and it was amaaaaazing . 
  so many great memories of sitting in her n. shields kitchen eating salty , tasty hotpot after a long train journey oop norf . 
  lovely stuff . 
  is the place she 's working * sanitary * ? 
  it 's a * hospital * . 
  calm the fuck down , and learn about how she does her job . 
  terrible . 
  rushed , clumsy , short and embarrassing . 
  i 'll admit i broke up with him not long afterwards , which was daft because we were still on the same uni course . 
  he did n't talk to me for quite a while afterwards , and i did feel a bit bad about that . 
  i 've never had more than one crush/potential interest at a time . 
  i 've certainly never had two or more , and mostly it 's zero interest at all . 
  you have tried being subtle . 
  you have tried being polite . 
  now you need to be straight to the point with him . 
  be rude if you have to , because clearly nothing else is going to get the point across . 
  if he asks to sit with you , say `` no , i do n't want to talk to you . 
  please leave me alone . '', 
  [ where is the horse and the rider ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/xveyctyj1do ) speech from two towers . 
  oooh , i just watched it again and got all goosebumpy . 
  it 's so good !, 
  also , i love [ once upon a december ] ( https://youtu.be/fxclv58mboy ) from anastasia , but the version performed in russian . 
  it 's * beautiful * , and just somehow feels more powerful for being in the character 's original language . 
  wow . 
  i 've never seen that scene before , and it 's so powerful . 
  he did n't make contact with her . 
  there was no contact from his side , it was all her actions . 
  you ca n't stop other people 's actions in your own marriage . 
  focus on the positives here rather than the negatives - she made a potentially provocative statement and he not only ignored it , he deleted the medium that she used to contact him . 
  you can not blame your husband for what other people choose to do on their own time . 
  you can only work on his actions , which was to ignore the contact , and your actions which were to panic . 
  so ... upside down triangle = upside down triangle = tony stark is secretly hydra ? 
  i regret my first proper boyfriend , because he was an idiot who has n't changed since he was sixteen years old . 
  most other guys i was involved with make me smile when i think of them . 
  like everyone on the planet , it varies . 
  i do whatever i want , and screw anyone who thinks it 's not selfless . 
  i will get my dogs from breeders , because i have a favourite breed and they 're rare enough here to not really turn up in shelters . 
  i want to work in a private school because the kids usually behave better and they might pay a bit more . 
  i really , really , * really * do not give a shit about others peoples morals . 
  they do n't live my life . 
  * i * live my life . 
  tell her you 're being a responsible owner by checking breeding conditions , health tests and papers , and you 've done research into that breed and their needs so you know exactly how to meet them . 
  tell her sweeping blanket statements like ` adopt do n't shop ' do n't cover the care and love that goes into the development of pedigree breeds by responsible owners , and if she goes into the whole ` crossbreeds are healthier ' spiel , tell her to stick her head in a basket . 
  as someone who owns and shows a relatively rare pedigree breed and is a paid up member of the breed club , attitudes like this get on my last wick . 
  also , is it the same friend who said the dog stuff and the fertility stuff ? 
  because she sounds like a pompous ass . 
  i always feel so grotty even reading that comment . 
  i have one brother a couple of years younger . 
  we 're distant but friendly , and very different people . 
  my new housemate . 
  like ... he 's * okay * and never really done anything outrageously wrong , but he 's just a bit of an awkward space cadet who does n't really think about what he 's doing , you know ? 
  like the other day when i came home and had to barge through the door because he 'd taken his shoes off on the door mat and just left them there , so the door got stuck on them and i could n't open it . 
  it 's not like he 'd stomped dirt into the kitchen or anything , but it just really fucking annoyed me that i could n't get into my own house because of his stupid shoes . 
  or when he left piles of stuff at the foot of the stairs for an hour because he got distracted by a conversation he started with my other housemate .
