  i 'd agree with her that holding off on the wedding is probably the best idea for now - see where she ends up at the end of this experience , and * talk * to her about it . 
  she 's only been away three weeks - right now it 's still one massive never ending holiday for her . 
  i hope things work out . 
  outside my home town/county = edinburgh . 
  i lived there for four years and i 'm utterly in love with every part of that city . 
  i 'd move back tomorrow if i could . 
  outside of my country ... i loved visiting cape town , and mumbai when i worked on a cruise ship . 
  amazing cities that are both just so unique . 
  i also just adore new york - the last time i went there was five years ago for a family wedding and it was soooo expensive and absolutely amazing . 
  nope . 
  especially not if it was a long time ago . 
  it would feel really weird that he apparently was n't past our relationship yet . 
  if it helps , write the letter for yourself and get out everything that you want to say . 
  just do n't send it . 
  there 's no need . 
  gambit from the x-men . 
  brooding , mysterious , agile , quick-witted and ( drawn to be ) utterly gorgeous . 
  i ca n't help loving matthew mcfadyen as darcy in the 2005 adaption . 
  especially that early morning walking through the mists sequence . 
  * swoon *, 
  well , i work for my dad so it would probably be because he 's lost his phone ... 
  he was an incredibly handsome canadian who i worked with on a cruise ship a few years ago and who i had * amazing * chemistry with . 
  we constantly used to take photos together because we looked so good in them . 
  i started dating a french guy onboard , and the canadian embarked a week or so later . 
  he asked me out , or something like it , but i turned him down because i was with the french guy . 
  it was the worst decision i ever made , and i always wish i 'd dumped the french guy and gone with him instead . 
  we actually got close to sleeping together one night , but i made him leave my cabin to go be with his onboard girlfriend instead . 
  i wish , i * wish * we 'd been able to at least give something ago , but now i guess it 'll never be . 
  i still have him friended on facebook and occasionally look through his photos , just to think ` what if ' . 
  my surname is pronounced as doneit . 
  yes . 
  i know . 
  i 've done it . 
  have i done it ? 
  ooooh threesquares so did it !, 
  drives me up . 
  the fucking . 
  wall . 
  same here , except i 'd stand for the rest of the ride if a seat was n't free . 
  saying that , if they were * reading * erotic i 'd stay put . 
  that 's fine . 
  it 's watching videoed porn or flicking through graphic photos that would make me uncomfortable . 
  this is a bit of a tough line to call . 
  on one hand , your girlfriend is the one with the trust issues , so it 's her problem , and you are perfectly entitled to go out and make new friends as much as you like . 
  ` family is all that you need ' is rubbish - everyone needs friends of their own ages . 
  losing a lot of your old friends means that making new friends is pretty important to have a good support network . 
  however . 
  having your first new friend be a 22 year old girl who you then friend on facebook after spending most of the day with her * probably * was n't a good choice for a guy who has a girlfriend with trust issues . 
  your honesty was the best choice in telling your girlfriend , but i 'm a pretty trusting girl and i would n't have been happy about the situation either . 
  22 * is * a bit young for a 28 year old guy to be hanging out with , especially if she 's not coming along as part of a wider group . 
  give your girlfriend time to calm down , then go back to her and apologise for your lack of judgement - because she 's right , it really was a poor choice . 
  tell her ` just family ' * is n't * reasonable , and running helps you socialise but you understand why she got so cross about it . 
  next time , i 'd really recommend you pick a guy to start your new friendship circle off with - hopefully that 'll feel less threatening to her . 
  if it does n't and she 's still flipping out about it , then you can start deciding how much jealousy you can put up with . 
   basically telling me she does n't want me going on any group runs or attempting to socialize with local runners . 
  that 's not at all acceptable . 
  everyone needs friends , and barring you from group runs and local events is n't healthy in the slightest . 
  look , if your gut is telling you that you should n't be in this relationship , then you * should n't be in this relationship * . 
  if your current relationship is exactly mirroring your unhappy previous relationship , then * listen * to that . 
  it 's your instincts shouting at you for a reason - and probably most people on this thread will be , too . 
  for one , i do n't date younger than me . 
  say ` age is just a number ' all you like , i do n't do it . 
  especially anyone younger than my brother ( so more than a two year gap ) . 
  secondly , it 's just the general outlook on life , really . 
  i want a steady , settled relationship with the potential for marriage , a mortgage , regular holidays and eventually a couple of babies . 
  early twenties men generally do n't want that . 
  late twenties/early thirties men do . 
  also , men seem to stick with an irritatingly immature sense of humour wayyyy longer than other women i know . 
  farts , wiggly tits , people throwing up and saggy bums stopped being funny for me when i was about fourteen . 
   using your logic what caused the first time ? 
  kinda hard to give that answer as we do n't know your gf at all , but if i were guessing at it , i 'd go with the psychologists advice about acting on impulse and lack of self control . 
  if the guy was flirting with her even a little bit , she probably went ` oh what the hell ' and went with it , boyfriend be damned . 
  the feeling of attention from new directions can be very intoxicating . 
  is your girlfriend a people pleaser ? 
  as another lady this kind of reads to me like she wanted to go with the guys to be seen as ` cool ' and more ` one of the guys ' so she would n't get so much grief at work . 
  if she got drunk ( to get over how nervous she felt that evening ? ), 
  then her judgement about what felt safe and right would have been even * more * impaired . 
  she probably thought that going into a private room with this guy * and * a stripper was somehow ` safer ' because there were three of them and so she would n't be one on one with a guy who she 's previously told you she tries to avoid . 
  i think she 's totally right - she was in over her head and felt like if she said no , then her boss who 's always ragging on her would n't be any nicer to her at work . 
  if you felt like you had to be somewhere to impress someone ( and he 's your * boss * ) would n't you feel like you have to stick around , too ? 
  she did n't offer to go into the private room , he did . 
  she did n't buy the lap dances , he did . 
  plus , if a guy who was ten years older than me suddenly stuck his hand up my top i 'd freeze , too . 
  to me , it sounds like she was drunk , nervous , immature to a certain extent and making bad decisions . 
  it does n't sound like she was deliberately and maliciously cheating on you . 
  it does sound like she needs to grow up quite a lot . 
  you 're basically taking a gap year , which is pretty common here in the uk . 
  i took mine between the end of school and going off to uni . 
  i worked full time in retail for a lot of it , but during the summer flew out to the states and did camp america , which is one of the companies that hires in international staff for summer camps . 
  other people i know travelled for most of theirs , some worked , some just took a break from endless coursework and exams . 
  have a look for gap year websites , there are loads , for good ideas . 
  i think they 're great things to do and mine really helped me mature an awful lot . 
  look , it 's not that you 're in the ` friendzone ' , it 's that she 's * not interested in dating you * . 
  she 's basically been telling you this for two years now . 
  you should listen to her . 
  no matter whether you do what she wants or not , she 's not going to go out with you . 
  the sooner you accept that , the sooner you can go and find a girl who * does * want a relationship . 
  long vodka, 
  i prefer cider to beer , and aspalls is definitely my favourite . 
  proper suffolk cider .
