  up until then , their business is their business , not mine , even if they 're trollied . 
  not impossible at all . 
  i 've jumped in ( politely ! ), 
  on conversations before about subjects i know about or am interested in . 
  the easiest way is just to make a passing compliment or appreciation on something when they take a few moments break . 
  if they return the compliment or agree with you , just carry on from there . 
  i 'm assuming , by the way that you were sitting opposite or next to the guy and not a few seats over ? 
  physical proximity is quite important in passing comments like that . 
  yeah ... that would probably have seemed weird to him if you 'd come over from behind him and started talking . 
  it needs to seem accidental to really be polite , and sitting too far away breaks the ` accidentalness ' of it . 
  does that make sense ? 
  dynamic ? 
  in what way ? 
  i certainly think the us system is more ... eventful , but i think we get more done over here . 
  our politicians tend to be less charismatic than yours , but that 's only because we do n't really stand for us-style rhetoric . 
  very true actually . 
  i 'd never thought about that before . 
  i 'd never presume to ask for a cup of tea , even at a friend 's house . 
  it feels intrusive even to ask if i can get myself a glass of water !, 
  do apologise , i just assumed you were a yank asking for comparisons . 
  he 's a twenty five year old man . 
  does he repeatedly try and throw himself into the road ? 
  quit jobs for the hell of it ? 
  destroy property ? 
  because those i would count under uncontrollable urges . 
  sleeping repeatedly with escorts , who you have to find phone numbers for , arrange meetings and then pay for ( all in secret !, 
  ) , does not sound like something he could not possibly have held himself back from doing . 
  i would n't say you have a personal crisis at all . 
  in fact , you have a very simple solution . 
  dump the fuckwit and do n't look back . 
  my friend in scotland adores original , statement jewellery , so when i went christmas shopping for her a couple of years ago , i found an absolutely gorgeous silver elephant necklace with big diamante ears . 
  perfect for her , no doubt . 
  i just could n't send it to her . 
  it was too pretty . 
  i kept it , wear it all the time and get constant compliments on it . 
  everyone 's a winner . 
  please , please do n't get back together simply out of wanting to help or feeling bad that she 's in a bad place or because her father is dropping hints . 
  it 's lovely that you get along with her family so well , but if your gut is telling you that it would be the wrong time , then * listen * to it . 
  you need to be with this girl because you actively , badly want to be with her , because you fancy her or are in love with her . 
  not just that you love her - because you 're * in love * with her , and do n't want to leave . 
  any other reason would just be unfair to the both of you . 
  i really am sorry that she 's had problems with depression and has now had this accident , but regaining a boyfriend because he feels guilty for leaving would just be the worst feeling * ever * . 
  she clearly has a great support system in her parents , and they have enough money to help her medically . 
  leave it at that . 
  be a friend . 
  that 's what she really needs . 
  that 's great , thank you so much . 
  i 'll have a look at see what i can get in berlin or munich . 
  i 'd prefer to fly easyjet rather than ryanair , but i 'm sure there 'll be good deals either way . 
  i 've heard a lot about prague being amazing to visit , so i 'll definitely have a look at what 's on and some flight deals for there and madrid , thanks !, 
  i 'm not hugely fussed about the cold , i 've got some great country boots and jackets to keep me warm , and i always like cities when they 're out of season anyway . 
  i would * love * to see rome , and i am actually studying a classics course right now so it would totally be study appropriate . 
  of course . 
  i 'd imagine it 's the same process as trying to get glasto tickets , just log in as soon as it ticks over to 10:00 am . 
  alternatively , just see which cinemas near you are showing the nt live broadcasts . 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  just as good as front row tickets , and probably more close ups , too !, 
  we use ` ba ' for mate here in n essex too , but i get the feeling it 's specific to my particular village . 
  funny how some things travel . 
  people will probably know what you mean if you ask for the restroom , but it 's not a word we ever use ourselves . 
  how do you know he 's not going to do it again ? 
  your addendum is actually ` not any time soon at least ' - it should be not * ever * . 
  sounds like he would n't have told you that he 'd cheated until you asked about it and he was just going to buy you things like flowers to make his guilt go away . 
  what a gentleman . 
  by the sounds if it , you 're letting * him * break up with * you * - his heart is n't in it , he 's set it back . 
  why on earth are you letting this guy walk all over you ? 
  you 're so much better than that !, 
  break up with him , get a refund on his christmas present and go spend it on a spa day for yourself instead . 
  she was sleeping . 
  you should have gone in , put the blanket down and left . 
  instead , you seem to take that as some sort of invitation to get into bed with her , start stroking her ( wtf ? ), 
  and then start fingering her despite the fact that she kept pushing you away ?? 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  out of curiosity , where did ronny gill for the chronicle come from ? 
  spent sooo many holidays with family in north shields , i do miss the geordie slang . 
  apart from the fact that you getting one dance from a stripper at a stag do hardly counts as cheating , and porn is a perfectly normal habit ... 
  why are you both so convinced that counselling is a waste of money ? 
  surely if you need , and want , to hash this out and work through it , having an independent mediator there to help eke out your real concerns can only be a good thing ? 
  if your engagement is in such a bad state and on the verge of full cancellation you 'd try every single avenue to fix it , right ? 
  go find a counsellor . 
  it seriously can not hurt for a third party to discuss * why * she feels porn is such a big deal , and why both of you feel that a strip club environment amounted to destructive cheating . 
  you know how they say ignorance is bliss ? 
  yeah . 
  this goes triple for parents and their ( of consenting age ) children 's sex lives . 
  do n't ruin the illusion . 
  i 'm not sure what countdown you 're looking at , but the online queue for barclays front row tickets only opens at 10am on monday mornings . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's why the counter keeps resetting , i should think . 
  all other tickets seem to be sold out . 
  not really . 
  it 's my brain rehashing stuff out from the day . 
  my dreams have been freaking me out lately as i 'm listening to a crime thriller audio tape in the car which involves a killer who stalks and kills women , but looks after their pets , and my dream-mind is retranslating that into ` stalks and kills my puppy dog ' . 
  not fun nights right now !, 
  yeah , i really think it 's something that 's cropped up between all the teenage - late twenties guys in my village , but they 've been using it for years . 
  another one is ` grockles ' for tourists . 
  we 're a particularly insular community , so i do n't think it 's a thing even five miles away . 
  right now i 'm working through a ba history degree with the ou and absolutely love it . 
  i 've completed one module , and i 'm doing the ( relatively unusual ) process of doing my degree full time , i.e. 
  two modules at once rather than one at a time . 
  the ou is designed to be part time , so most other ou students i talk to look rather startled when i tell them i 'm doing two modules concurrently , but it 's working reasonably well so far .
