  being asked about whether i felt chemistry or not would feel * so * awkward . 
  `` and might i say sir , what a pleasure it is to see you in a video with your clothes on this time . '', 
  `` everything 's fine sir , i seem to do quite well for a stretch and then at the end of the sentence i say the wrong cranberry . '', 
  jarvis gets some of the real corkers , especially when paul bettany makes him so super-dry . 
  you have to do what you want to do . 
  do you like artsy things ? 
  sciencey things ? 
  business things ? 
  charity-involved things ? 
  i 've changed career twice now and i 'm moving into teaching which is mon-fri and not desk based , but realistically it 's not really a job you can just close the door on at 5pm on a tuesday night either . 
  work out what you like and what 's important to you , other than ` office hours but not in an office ' , make a list of every potential area you 'd like to look at and go from there . 
  or , just pull together a cv and apply for any and all open jobs that you think sound interesting . 
  that 's more of a scattergun fates-will-guide-me approach , though . 
  it 's long and tiring . 
  i 'm doing distance learning for a full time degree while i also work a full time job , so i have to study on evenings and weekends to keep up . 
  keeping myself motivated and on top of my assignments is really freaking hard when i 'm already tired from a day in the office . 
  i hit a slump of unmotivation around this time last year too , and i just need to grind through it to get back on track . 
  to be honest , i do n't think it 's really a black and white thing . 
  i 'm in the same place as you - i 'm almost 30 and single , and though a relationship would be * nice * , it 's not like i really * want * one . 
  i 'm really perfectly content like that ; i 've got more than enough going on in my life to keep me busy , i date occasionally to make sure i 'm still meeting available men every so often , and otherwise i just make sure i 'm taking care of myself and doing whatever i need to do . 
  i generally think it 's more a case of being open to something turning up and not closing yourself off to whoever 's out there , but otherwise just generally getting on with your life and doing your own thing in the meantime . 
  that line cracks me up every single time . 
  cap and widow have got such a great rapport . 
  `` secure the engine room , * then * find me a date . '', 
  `` i 'm multi-tasking ! '', 
  banner is great . 
  `` really ? 
  they want me in a submerged pressurised metal container ? '', 
  [ helicarrier takes off ] `` oh no , this is much worse ! '', 
  it 's [ this video ] ( http://youtu.be/ybbbby4qvv4 ) by numberphile . 
  i can only ever listen to a song twice in a row before i have to put something else on . 
  even if it 's a really really good all time favourite piece of music , i just ca n't stand it repeating . 
  i 'd be happy with a snarky one liner from tony stark about coulson pretending to be dead , or even for him just to show up on a video call or something . 
  it 's still possible . 
  there 's so much else going on and so many other characters to deal with after all !, 
  i love it ( especially the steve & bucky scenes ) , but it 's not the strongest mcu film when you put it against avengers , guardians or winter soldier . 
  what 's there to get used to ? 
  i go the toilet in the same way i 've always gone to the toilet . 
  it 's not like we wee standing up as little girls and then start sitting down once we hit puberty . 
  turning 30 very soon . 
  28th march , aries baby !, 
  same !, 
  i never thought i would like cap ( he seemed far too jingoistic for me ) , but since winter soldier he 's just become my absolute favourite , and it 's all down the emotional arc they 've given him . 
  now i love cap to bits . 
  you 've posted this pretty late for most of us , so i 'm sure you 'll get more answers in the morning , but basically the answer is : no . 
  a lot of those things are exclusive to private or public ( by which i mean super elite , expensive , ancient ) schools , not your bog standard state ( government-controlled ) school . 
  hogwarts is definitely meant to be a public school , not a state school . 
  the vast majority of british state school students will wear a uniform , which normally includes a shirt and tie . 
  some have houses , but you 'll take classes with your form rather than your house , and the housing system is * generally * quite ambigous anyway . 
  you might have a house captain though , yes , and school sports days in the summer might well involve inter-house sports competitions . 
  you get common rooms once you reach sixth form ( ages 17/18 ) but i certainly did n't have a common room earlier than that , and any spare time during breaks was spent in our form room . 
  i 'm pretty sure we had head girls ( i went to an all girls school ) , and double classes were pretty common . 
  you mixed with other forms once you went into your gcse ( exam ) years because classes were optional , so they mixed us together to make up the numbers . 
  i went to a grammar school , which was more academic than most state schools and required passing an exam to enter , so my answer is subjective but yes , we had a lot of classics lessons available . 
  it was compulsory to study latin from years 7-9 , and optional from there . 
  i took classical civilisation for sixth form , so i had a lot of education on the classics . 
  this is definitely not the case for most british state school students , but it 's more common at private schools . 
  some schools have traditions , others do n't . 
  ancient public schools like harrow are all about the traditions and school songs . 
  mine had a latin motto , and a few traditional assemblies , but that was about it . 
  as for teachers , we were allowed to call them `` dr gwyther '' or `` mrs bennet '' rather than miss or sir , and they call us by our first names , never surname . 
  so really , highbrow boarding type schools are like highbrow boarding type schools , and state schools are more casual . 
  i mean personally , i 'm all about the steve/bucky love ( c'mon guys , he flew a sodding * plane * into the * ocean * three days after his best friend died , and refused to fight him on a burning helicarrier because he would rather die than hurt bucky . 
  can we say 'em otional trauma from a broken heart ' or what ? 
  ) , but agent carter made me love peggy and steve soooo much . 
  and regarding your history edit - we have a lot of history to be taught !, 
  most primary school pupils get taught about the romans , and the roman invasion of britain , maybe a bit about the greeks , and the victorians . 
  in secondary , the curriculum now teaches from about 1066 and the battle of hastings through until about the cold war , but it does vary between schools . 
  not at all . 
  i regularly try and meet up with my male friends for dinner or coffee . 
  i like to go to talks at the british museum with one of my friends s , as he 's a history buff like me and it 's a great way to spend time together . 
  it 's not weird at all . 
  the talkative drunk . 
  not only do i not shut up , i always feel like no one 's actually heard what i 've said , so i repeat myself a lot . 
  i laugh at * everything * too , and i get super horny . 
  year 7 ( first year of secondary ) . 
  i was nervous , insecure and shy . 
  i was bullied for a little while by another girl in my class , but when i told my form tutor about it ( i showed her a poem i 'd written which was basically about 11 year old me being totally miserable ) she sorted it out and i settled much more quickly . 
  i actually really enjoyed the rest of my time at school . 
  colchester castle museum here in essex . 
  they reopened it last spring after a year of renovations , and it 's so good . 
  you can see far more of the original norman architecture of the castle , and the displays are really well done and interesting - very very interactive and catchy . 
  you can also take a tour around the foundations of the original roman temple of claudius that boudicca burnt down , and see the castle prisons where suspected witches were held during the 17th century when the witchfinder general was on the hunt . 
  i always loved the castle , but the renovations have made all the difference . 
  definitely worth seeing . 
  seriously , do this woman a favour and allow her to have confidence in her own choices , rather than saying ` oh god , i need to cut her off before she feels really bad ' . 
  she 's * thirty * . 
  she knows what she wants , and what she wants is to date you . 
  if she did n't want to go out with you , * she would n't be going out with you * . 
  it 's really insulting to say ' i do n't think you can make very good choices if you want to be with me , you must be wrong ' . 
  she 's not too good for you at all . 
  there are no such things as leagues or scores out of 10 - it 's all mind games . 
  do yourself a favour and be confident that the person she wants is * you * . 
  as a woman , if you broke up with me `` so that you can have more options and meet more guys '' , i would be * really insulted * . 
  this is a self esteem thing , and it 's not about her feelings at all , because if she did n't want to date you , you would be single . 
  it 's a simple as that . 
  stop trying to be nice and insisting that she 's the one making the bad choice here , because it 's * your * self esteem that is self sabotaging your relationship . 
  if you really want to break up with her , just give her the ` it 's not you , it 's me / it 's not working out ' line and be done with it . 
  but seriously op , sort yourself out . 
  you do n't have to settle for a substandard relationship either .
