  you have nothing to apologise for , and your boyfriend is off the wall crazy . 
  you need to leave . 
  because that one thing involves smashing glasses and treating a grown woman like a disobedient child . 
  exactly what * more * to the situation is there ? 
  why is a man a whole sundae and i 'm just a decorative glac\u00e9 cherry ? 
  they 're not even real cherries . 
  we 're not flaming you . 
  we 're telling you how we prefer to be referred to . 
  there 's nothing aggressive about it . 
  some people really really like giving presents . 
  maybe instead of saying ` no presents at all please ' , tell your parents that you 'd prefer for them to donate to a charity of your choice instead ? 
  no , most of mine are about work , my family or my dog . 
  i really ca n't remember the last time i ever had a sexy dream . 
  it was a really interesting year !, 
  it started out with mostly the same old same old - living at home , working for my dad , not really seeing any friends - and the second half of the year i 'd graduated with my new degree , moved city , started teacher training and got a whole new group of friends . 
  it 's been really eventful !, 
  hoping for even more change next year . 
  new york , texas , california and disneyland to start , just to see friends ( and disney ! ), 
  then i 'd love to go and see japan , then sweden to see family , and then follow it up with more european city breaks to see everywhere i have n't properly been to yet . 
  if you do ever get over here , come and see [ kentwell hall ] ( http://www.kentwell.co.uk/ ) in suffolk in the summer . 
  they have full scale tudor re-enactments with a couple of hundred people dressed in tudor costume and working the proper jobs on the estate . 
  it 's really something special . 
  if everyone commenting misses the point of the question , then i think it 's rather a silly question that needs better phrasing to it . 
  that 's okay . 
   just try not to go all kneejerk next time and you 're fine . 
  marvel movies . 
  i always get along like a house on fire with anyone i can discuss captain america and black widow with . 
  you just need to mix it up a bit . 
  go and find a uni sports club you can join , or get a new hobby . 
  you spent first year totally partying , but there 's no reason why you have to spend second year completely working . 
  adult life is all about * balance * , and right now you 're swinging wildly from one end of the spectrum to the other . 
  find something fun to do a couple of times a week that will bring you back into the middle again . 
  be a well-rounded adult , not a crazy party child or boring scholarly drone . 
  you can do both , you know . 
  just because you were aware of what was happening does not mean that it was all above board . 
  she was in a position of power over you and abused it . 
  she 's lying that her adult relationship does n't mean anything . 
  she could also be sleeping with other underage students . 
  you have to tell someone . 
  she can not be allowed to tutor any more . 
  you must bring an adult into this . 
  you ca n't deal with it yourself . 
  you also can not physically hide this from your parents if she is claiming the pregnancy is yours . 
  they will find out one way or the other . 
  give yourself the upper hand here . 
  i saw in your comments that you are from the uk . 
  the law is * on your side * . 
  i also saw in another comment that she said she is threatening to blackmail you with nudes . 
  if she has nudes of you , she has * child pornography * and the law is * on your side * . 
  breathe . 
  you need to sit your parents down and tell them `` i 'm really sorry , but i think i 'm in over my head and i really need your help . 
  i 've been having a sexual relationship with [ tutor ] for [ however long ] , and now she 's saying that she is pregnant and has naked pictures of me . 
  i do n't know what to do . '', 
  yes , they might possibly be angry , but you are their son and you are a child . 
  they will be concerned , and should be angry at your tutor for abusing you like this . 
  please tell them . 
  you will be okay . 
  it does n't matter whether you sent them or not . 
  if she has them in her possession , that 's illegal . 
  you are under 18 . 
  if you are naked in them , it is * illegal * for her to own them . 
  the thing is , i know you do n't like us using the word ` abuse ' , but it is . 
  she is an adult , and your teacher . 
  you are under 18 and a student . 
  in the eyes of the law in england , what she did was abuse and she is not trying to hide from that fact - in fact , she 's making it even worse by threatening to distribute those photos !, 
  she made you think that she cared about you . 
  that 's called grooming . 
  now you 're seeing what she 's really like . 
  she manipulated you , is threatening you and is more than likely lying to you . 
  she is n't a nice person , op . 
  this counts as abuse . 
  two years younger at the most . 
  i refuse to date men who are younger than my little brother . 
  40k comment karma and almost 2k link karma . 
  been here almost 3 years . 
  it has zero effect on my normal life , other than checking back during the day to see what comments got upvoted . 
  no one cares that i 've got forty thousand internet points . 
  * i * do n't care that i 've got forty thousand internet points . 
  it 's just a game . 
   does this mean that beliefs from the enlightenment period still linger in uk culture . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what sort of beliefs ? 
  we 're incredibly secular over here and not religiously pushy in the slightest . 
  oh god , do n't carry a grands worth of cash with you , that 's ridiculous !, 
  you can use cash machines to get money out if you need to . 
  keep a hundred or so with you each day , but any more than that is just overkill . 
  sometimes i do , but it depends entirely how important the evening thing is . 
  if i 'm going to a party or date or nice dinner then i 'll redo it . 
  if it 's just an evening out with mates or something , i 'll leave it intact and touch it up . 
  do n't risk it . 
  if you 're not sure whether she 'll think it 's an engagement ring , * do n't * give it to her . 
  why does it have to be a ring anyway ? 
  a necklace , bracelet or earrings will give just the same effect without being mistaken for a proposal . 
  secondly , if you 're only 18 and 19 , a diamond * anything * is ridiculously overblown . 
  surely it must be way too expensive ? 
  i went to a grammar school , so it was absolutely expected that we would all go a good uni , and we got loads of coaching for applications and interviews . 
  oxbridge was the one most people wanted , and they organised special tour days out for potential applicants . 
  it was very pushy . 
  i was in sixth form in 2002/2003 . 
  i 'm thirty , and this is my second complete career change .
