  we 're very good at not taking ourselves too seriously . 
  not ... really ? 
  it 's really hard to pinpoint why i look at one guy and think he 's gorgeous and look at another and think ` oh , no thanks ' . 
  sometimes it 's the body type , sometimes it 's the clothes , sometimes it 's just something i ca n't put a name to . 
  it does n't matter if he * could * support you , the point is that you want your own life with your own finances and your own professional successes and there is * nothing wrong * with that . 
  playing house for a month with siblings is really no comparison to being a sahm with potentially three small children that are your sole responsibility day in , day out . 
  if you want that , then that 's great , but the difference here is that he is not listening to what * you * want , only want * he * wants . 
  you need to sit him down and clarify with him exactly what it is that you want to do , and that you do n't appreciate him steamrollering your personal opinions . 
  you 're a grown woman who is perfectly able to articulates what she wants to get out of life . 
  as your partner he needs to genuinely listen to you and compromise his grand plans rather than push them on you . 
  if he keeps on with the sahm stuff and still does not listen to what it is that you want , then i would seriously consider whether you two are compatible in the long term . 
  we do n't do anything grape flavoured here ( we prefer blackcurrant ) , so any grape stuff is unusual . 
  same with cinnamon , but i did have an american friend send me some cinnamon sweets once that i took one taste of and threw the rest of the pack away . 
  tastes may vary though ? 
  lindt with pretzels in sounds * amazing * !, 
  on a scout band trip to fucking belgium , of all places . 
  i was twelve or thirteen and surrounded by boys . 
  not a positive experience !, 
  luckily a nice female member of staff took pity on me and gave me pads until i got home . 
  i 'm not your typical comics reader - i 'm 30 and a girl , but the mcu has really got me into comics !, 
  i have marvel unlimited on my tab now , and i love reading issues of winter soldier , or daredevil , or fraction 's hawkeye . 
  the art for the most recent black widow is * gorgeous * , too , and i really really like digging further into backstories of characters i see onscreen . 
  ayyy , north essex !, 
  we 're nothing like that brentwood/basildon lot . 
  are you colchester way ? 
  yup !, 
  we always call it shed at school , just in case . 
  why , why , why would you even * ask * that question ? 
  steve and bucky , * obviously * . 
  on a more realistic note ( as much i would love marvel to go against the grain ) i love bucky and natasha 's relationship in the comic and it would be great to see that explored . 
  i know !, 
  never going to happen , though . 
  :( it 's always going to be ` as close as brothers ' with lots of lingering camera shots . 
  ` grockle ' means tourist , specifically a caravanner who just visits for the summer . 
  it entirely depends on the wi !, 
  i went to a quiz night at my friends one in norwich two weeks ago , and the average age was 25-40 with a few older ladies . 
  my friend said they are always oversubscribed , and there 's a rival ` young ' wi starting up nearby . 
  the wi in my home village , however , is most definitely retired and elderly ladies . 
  i 'm a postgrad student two hours away and i 've happened to go back three times between christmas and february already , but that 's a bit unusual . 
  once a month might be my average , but when i did my first degree in edinburgh it was around once every three months . 
  first of all , do n't hang your entire career on a fledgling relationship . 
  you 're only 18 and have no idea what is in store yet . 
  * however * , can your current school also fulfil your work ambitions , or can it only tick the social life boxes ? 
  if it can help you get to the career you want , stay where you are !, 
  it sounds like you 're settled and happy , and that 's really great . 
  if it ca n't , then maybe look at this time as a very enjoyable means to an end . 
  starting taking it for adult acne and still on it as it 's really convenient and works well for me . 
  no side effects that i can tell . 
  red skull ? 
  technically , his hugo weaving face was a flashy bit of cosmetic wear that he can perform without . 
  at the office i used to work for , we just used the nearest local company to get some ` no parking ' signs made and a new overhead outside logo sign . 
  they were really good and installed the signs too , and i ca n't imagine that a big national company would do a vastly better job . 
  look for someone local . 
  all of the parts of plot were way too rammed together - the film never really had room to breathe like aa did . 
  i felt like i was being rushed from a to b for most of it . 
  i also did n't like many of whedon 's character choices , like cap saying ` language ' , hawkeye 's farmhouse ( like most people , i much prefer fraction 's hawkeye ) and the weird bruce/natasha subplot that came out of nowhere . 
  on the other hand , i * did * like the action sequences , i really liked the maximoff twins , and i actually quite liked tony 's character arc in aou . 
  either six or eight hours , in costume , in a queue on piccadilly circus waiting for the release of the final harry potter book . 
  totally worth it . 
  also , we were n't that near the front . 
  the people at the very front were from belgium and waited for three days while camping out on the street . 
  good : we 're all total dorks and they have been my friends for fifteen years now . 
  i can just be myself around them without any hesitation . 
  bad : getting all of us together for anything is like herding cats . 
  i really want to do another weekend holiday with them , but it 's never ever going to happen . 
  surely the fact that apple and samsung keep suing the shit out of each other for every tiny piece of hardware and software tells you eveythkng you need to know about the quality difference between them . 
  you can back out of a stupid dare like that because it 's stupid , and your friends are apparently morons . 
  stop worrying about how to down two litres of carbonated drink , and start worrying about your inability to say no to idiotic bets . 
  genuinely not . 
  people really do not talk on the tube . 
  we dont like being forced to be near other people 's conversations . 
  the pound sign goes before the amount , not after . 
  why did you think our reasoning might be different ? 
  we 're the ones that the particularly noisy , expensive and life changing effects of sex potentially happen to . 
  / r/marvelstudios is one of my all time favourite resources for mcu news and the redditors there are generally lovely . 
  the problem is with civil war coming out soon ( and daredevil s2 , and more agents of shield ) , i have to balance my need for mcu gossip with the desire not to spoil the film for myself . 
  so far gossip is winning , damnit . 
  honestly honestly , the only way to get anywhere in the film industry is to start off dirt poor , be a runner for as many people as you can and network , network network . 
  doing a degree will give you the hands on knowledge , and doing a degree at the right place will give you the network contacts , but you will still be doing those entry level running jobs even after uni . 
  it 's the only way to get in . 
  pretty firmly middle class all the way through . 
  i 'm british and class is a big thing here , but it 's also not related to money at all . 
  same here !, 
  i lie in bed for like half an hour just redditing and let my phone light wake me up . 
  i normally tug the curtains open a bit to get some daylight in too . 
  yep , which is exactly what most irish and brits drink . 
  we drink so much tea and so often that we do n't bother larking around with leaf tea , it 's just a quick pot of tea using teabags and you 're good to go . 
  yeah , the weirdest thing for me is all of the replies saying how many classes they 've jumped . 
  like ... i 'm never going to be upper class , even if i get a teaching job at an independent or public school like i 'm aiming for . 
  all of my friends who went to oxbridge are still middle class . 
  my hypothetical future children probably will be middle class . 
  it 's just not something you change that easily . 
  i always like the way erskine says those lines , too . 
  he 's like , well , obviously this is a test . 
  what are you going to give me ? 
  with all due respect , as people actually living in the country you say you are from , we do get to say that we think you are not scottish , or british . 
  you are american with scottish parents/grandparents . 
  and that is fine , but do n't get all humphy when we call you out on it . 
  and as a tourist on a tourist visa no , you ca n't pick up any type of part time work . 
  it 's illegal .
