  the truth is , right now she probably has a to-do list as long as your arm , and seeing as you 're brand new in her life you 're probably at the bottom of her list of priorities . 
  it 's not bad , it 's just that there are more pressing demands right now on her than a potential boyfriend . 
  if things * do * work out then you 'll move up the priorities list and i 'm willing to bet she 'll make more time for you , but that 's probably not going to happen right away . 
  the good thing is , it sounds like she 's keen seeing as she deliberately came back to dance and give you her number . 
  keep in touch , start conversations every couple of days maybe , but make sure you 're not the only one making the effort here . 
  do n't just rely on her to tell you when she 's free - invite her somewhere for coffee or a dance or whatever to actually get to know her face to face , not just over text.i do the whole thirty minute text conversation thing too , and it 's just that text is so impersonal . 
  actually meeting up with guys is much nicer !, 
  just keep it light and flirty , do n't demand loads of time from her and you 'll be fine . 
  and hey , she 's the first girl you 've met in a brand new place . 
  do n't put all your eggs in one basket , you know ? 
  bacon roll with a healthy dollop of ketchup . 
  nothing better . 
  how am i going to do * everything * that needs doing without losing my mind or becoming a totally reclusive hermit with no hair left ? 
  i prefer it if they 've got a degree ( because i 'm working on my second right now ) , but it 's by no means a dealbreaker . 
  i 've dated plenty of guys who have done really well just by working their way up , and that 's more than fine with me . 
   if a guy usually gives a girl attention but then devotes his attention elsewhere ( to another girl ) , does the first girl usually get jealous and almost want him more ? 
  no , because i 'm almost 30 and i do n't like playing silly little games . 
  would i get irritated if a guy is flirting with me and then drops me to flirt with another girl ? 
  absolutely . 
  i would also presume that he 's a fickle little shit and not worth bothering my time with anyway . 
  i 'm starting to prefer ms as i get older . 
  i want to be a teacher , so here in the uk you now have to pass skills tests in maths and english to get onto a training course . 
  i * suck * at maths - like , out of practice for twelve years suck - and i hate having to do all of this . 
  one day about three weeks ago i was just getting so stressed out about failing all of these practice tests that when my mum tried to comfort me about it i just burst into tears . 
  not very dignified , but i felt much better for it !, 
  confidence comes with owning yourself and being okay with who you are . 
  you like nerdy stuff , cool !, 
  i * guarantee * you that there are ` decent ' girls out there ( what does that even mean , by the way ? ), 
  that like the same nerdy stuff as you . 
  be okay with who * you * are , enjoy who you are , and confidence will follow . 
  mostly studied , which was * thrilling * . 
  i 'm in my last year of a distance learning ba in history , so most of my free time until june will be spent hitting the books . 
  i 'm jointly doing modern europe and classical myths , so half of it is all about war and politics , and the other half is about gods turning into various stuff and having sex with mortals for fun . 
  bonus : i actually went for a run on sunday morning !, 
  my brother and two cousins have challenged me to join them for a 10k fun run in february , and normally i * hate * running . 
  this is a bit of a personal challenge , and i 'm sort of kind of enjoying doing it . 
  maybe . 
  i am * rubbish * at cooking , and i will avoid it wherever possible , unless it involves a ) toast b ) beans on toast c ) pasta or d ) a jacket potato . 
  i 'm as independent as they come , and i know the difference between responsible and irresponsible driving . 
  i love both of these !, 
  i think i slightly prefer 3 as cap having his mask on in 4 jars just a * little * too much for me . 
  great work !, 
   do women feel other women are very judgmental if you 're attractive , have a great personality , etc. , but not a boyfriend ? 
  not in the slightest . 
  i 'm 29 and have spent the vast majority of my 20s single . 
  most of my friends ask about dates i 've been on and the current state of my love life , but more in a any-good-gossip ? 
  sense than in a mean whats-wrong-with-you sense . 
  i have a couple of favourite holidays , both with my family . 
  one was ten years ago when we spent three weeks in anaheim , and we did a whole one day on , one day off thing where we spent one day lazing by the pool at our * gorgeous * hotel and the next day doing rodeo drive or disneyland or something . 
  i just remember it being * really * relaxed and fun , and i love visiting the states anyway . 
  the other was a couple of years ago when we all stayed in a cottage in the peak district , which is a really gorgeous area in the midlands of the uk . 
  again , it was just really relaxed - lots of walks with the dog , a day at chatsworth , an evening trying both versions of the original bakewell tart , lots of book reading ... just all really fun cosy things with my favourite people . 
  that 's so odd . 
  you 're going on a date to have a * conversation * , not to interrogate the guy . 
  i do n't think anyone would admire you for reading out a list of questions over dinner , op . 
  i changed my description the other week to ' a healthy mix of marvel , potter and arty-farty landscapes ' which i think describes my tumblr pretty well . 
   i 'm at http://pezant.tumblr.com, 
   it 's a good thing i never watched `` monsters inside me '', 
  i can not even watch the * advert * for that show , let alone bear to sit through half an hour of it . 
  i really , really , * really * do not want to know about the tropical worm that burrowed through some guy 's intestines , or watch a disgusting cgi recreation of it . 
  it 's a * very * bizarre thing to do , but if you think she 's faked it then i would just let it go . 
  she 's trying to go no contact with you to try and get over you , but you keep pestering her , so she 's giving you the cold shoulder to try and get you to go away . 
  just leave her alone for now op - stop calling her , stop texting her , give both of you space to get past the relationship , and in a few months maybe you can think about trying to be friends again . 
  i like tattoos that are well done , and that the guy really loves . 
  i 'm personally not too keen on portrait tats , but that 's just my personal taste . 
  i 've got a soft spot for well drawn , colourful sleeves too . 
  sometimes . 
  mostly i just rest a hand on the cover to keep it closed . 
  i 'll check to make sure it 's zipped or covered over , but sometimes in really thick crowds ( like if i 'm on the tube ) then it 's easier said than done . 
  i 'm sorry , you expect your father in law to walk to a * gas station * to poo instead of using a servicable domestic one ? 
  you really need to get over yourself , op . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  he can avoid your pristine house like the plague if he so chooses , and i hope he does because good lord op , you 've got a high horse up there . 
  poo is poo . 
  it is a natural byproduct of human waste . 
  * you * poo in your loo , what makes yours so much nicer than everyone else ? 
  is your boyfriend also forbidden from doing a number 2 at your house ? 
  they * are * civilised , they use an ** indoors domestic toilet ** to do their business in , instead of going outside to dig a hole in the garden . 
  you are hosting * guests * . 
  provide some civilised guest service instead of stamping your feet and demanding a sixty year old man goes wandering down the road to a grimy petrol station just because he makes some smells every so often . 
  the noises !, 
  sex can make the * weirdest * noises , and no matter how prepared you are for the feel of it , the * sound * of it can be pretty damn odd sometimes . 
  i 'd be surprised and a bit taken aback , but probably pleased if we got along . 
  i 'm always a bit hesistant about just adding people though - i prefer to have actual * friends * on my fb rather than vague one night acquaintances . 
  depends how often and how militant he is about it . 
  i 'm all for clothes bargains , but if he insists on only shopping at charity shops for his clothes ( and he does n't have an eye for it ) then i 'd be side eyeing . 
  mixing charity shop bargains in with new high street buys would be totally fine . 
  i 'm not married myself , but my parents passed their 35th during the summer , and mum calls dad every lunchtime . 
  they said it was a routine they just fell in to , which i think is quite sweet . 
  i only really wash my jeans when they 've got a stain on . 
  dreams are * supposed * to be irrational . 
  it 's your subconscious at working going through everything from your day . 
  it does n't mean jack . 
  just relax !, 
  yup !, 
  my hair has been all sorts of cuts and colours over the years . 
  i love changing it . 
  i 'm naturally quite dark but i prefer it more red , so that 's what i 've got on it at the moment . 
  once i 've grown my hair out a bit more i want to lighten it and get it more copper , a la [ scarlett johanssen in the winter soldier . 
  i * love * the way marvel approach their female characters , and i want to see more more more !,
