  she 's probably defensive , because how on earth are you supposed to answer the question ` why have n't you had a boyfriend before ? ', 
  i have no idea . 
  i just have n't . 
  it 's not been a thing that has happened in my life . 
  all i 'm saying is , give her the benefit of the doubt . 
  see how things go . 
  if they go great , then you 've lucked out . 
  if they go pear shaped , then you 've got your answer . 
  one dog , an english setter called henry . 
  he 's my baby < 3, 
  i do n't think we 've ever had a fool 's pov chapter so far . 
  he 's too much of a mystery !, 
  it 's from someone totally different . 
  never even thought twice about it !, 
  i guess at a push he 's british or british asian ? 
  no idea . 
  by my accent most people guess i 'm aussie or kiwi for some reason . 
  my appearance does n't give much away really , i 'm pretty generic white european . 
  i 'm white british . 
  i have one younger brother with a two year age difference . 
  we are * very * different people but we rub along well enough . 
  we still turn into squabbling five year olds over the tv remote , though . 
  i 'd never say that we were friends , but he 's always checking in with me and buys great presents at christmas and birthdays . 
  he 's generally turned into a really good person . 
  pretty much whenever i drink alcohol . 
  it 's getting really boring now . 
  what sort of knowledge are you looking for ? 
  history ? 
  news ? 
  the school system ? 
  in most regards , i would say that tv and youtube are your best outlets . 
  the bbc has some amazing history documentaries where you can get a quick grounding in our very expansive history . 
  other british 9 yr olds would probably get some teaching about the romans , victorians and the anglo saxons . 
  11 yr olds would have been learning about normans and medieval life . 
  13 yr olds would have been doing the first and second world wars this year , so background info on all of those would be good . 
  ( but hey , i 'm a history teacher so i 'm biased ), 
  for schools , channel 4 did a series of fly-on-the-wall documentaries about school life called ` educating ... ' . 
  so far there 's been educating essex , educating yorkshire and educating cardiff . 
  they 'll all give reasonable insights into what everyday secondary school life will be like for your teenagers . 
  courses are upcoming is a bit of a strange phrase - the 16 yr old can look into apprenticeships , btecs or sixth form and choose his preferred course , but the 13 , 11 and 9 yr olds will all just get a general education on a variety of fixed subjects . 
  the 13 yr old ( if he goes into yr 9 ) will need to choose his ` options ' or subjects for his gcse years . 
  the school will be able to help with those . 
  hope that helps !, 
  secular is usually the default setting here for schools . 
  cofe primaries are normally pretty good with maybe a hymn sung at assembly or something - i 'm not sure about welsh primaries , but i ca n't imagine that it 's wildly different . 
  it 's only when you 're specifically looking at a faith school that the kids will get any kind of religious aspect to their schooling outside re lessons . 
  we are a much , much more secular country than the us . 
  i think you should be pleasantly surprised by that bit . 
  they 're both so gorgeous !, 
  i love all the different colours and types of setter we get to choose from in our breed . 
  so so sweet !, 
  looks like she 's had an exhausting day . 
  maybe she just was n't as into the dates as you were . 
  or maybe you were a bit too full on by asking to make her dinner the day after you texted . 
  it 's impossible to tell after only two meetings . 
  i 'd just chalk it up to bad luck . 
  pharmacy is a chemist for us . 
  ( : but most people use the shop name `` i 'm just going to boots to pick up my prescription '' . 
  our cheap hotel chains are travelodge , premier inn and holiday inn , but there 's also loads of air bnbs around for even cheaper stays . 
  i 'd say pick a major city to stay in so you have lots of sightseeing to do , especially if it 's your first time abroad . 
  london is very expensive , but also gives you lots of free museums and walking to do . 
  plus , it 's a good hub for day trips to places like cambridge . 
  maximum stays here are 6 months , but i 'm guessing you 're just looking to do a short holiday ? 
  look up some student guides to give you ideas . 
  we 're all a pretty friendly lot . 
  fine with me if we 're friends , family or on a date . 
  i 'm british and do cheek kisses all the time . 
  no cheek kissing in work situations , then it 's handshakes . 
  moved out for uni at 18 , bounced back in between freelance contracts until 27 then moved back properly for three years . 
  worked for dad 's company and studied for a new degree with the ou . 
  got a place on a pgce course last september , moved out again aged 30 , hopefully permanent this time ( although still not sure what 's happening this summer until i get a september reaching job ) . 
  it entirely depends on life circumstances and each individual person . 
  there 's never a one size fits all , especially with something as personal as houses and living . 
  `` why do you wear it ? 
  * it looks a little silly * and * it 's not winter * but i 'm totally not judging your fashion choices even a little bit . 
  even when i think you look silly and it 's not winter . 
  look , i judge people 's fashion choices all the fucking time , but i at least own up to it and admit that i 'm being miss judgey mcjudgerface sometimes . 
  my equestrian boots are comfortable . 
  i live in the uk where it rains constantly and usually with no prior warning . 
  i like the way they look . 
  i planned to do walking and wanted to wear comfortable shoes . 
  i planned to walk the dog over somewhere potentially muddy and wanted to wear waterproof shoes . 
  i do n't care if it 's june , i just like wearing my boots . 
  good enough reasons ? 
  late reply i know , but i 'm an english setter owner and just found your post . 
  i would say they are absolutely * not * suited to apartment life , especially not on a third floor . 
  they 're not as active as spaniels , but those stairs will be much too much , and the space issue is a given . 
  my english developed real shoulder issues until we put a stair gate in and stopped him going up and down them . 
  biddable is also not a word suited to english setters - they were a breed bred to be independent , and recall will * always * be an issue once they find something more interesting than you !, 
  i 'd recommend one for sure when you move out of the city , and they are * brilliant * family dogs , but i really do n't think they 're the breed for you right now . 
  it 's been really good !, 
  i was teaching for the first three days , had a really promising visit to a school that i 'll be applying to for a job ( and they were giving me interview tips ) and then had a great tinder date . 
  then i went oop north with a few trainee teacher friends to a conference where i 've spent most of the weekend in a swanky hotel listening to cool history talks and feeling like an academic for a change . 
  it 's been so nice . 
  well , apart from the four hour drive back in the rain yesterday , but even that was n't so bad . 
  now i 'm home and trying to plan for my super crazy next week , hoping to hear about an interview for that school , seeing tinder boy again for date # 2 , and on friday i get to go home to my [ puppy dog ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqdtttq.jpg ) for a few days . 
  i have missed him so much . 
  i want big fluffy cuddles again !, 
  i ended up dumping a guy i was interested in because he showed zero interest in meeting up on dates , so i know exactly how she feels . 
  i 'm not on online dating sites for talking over messages , i am on online dating sites for * dating * and * meeting * .
