  it makes me feel good to go into a shop , try on a nice top and think `` god , this makes me look * really * good . '', 
  buying a nice piece of clothing hits a lot of the feel-good triggers for me as well , so yes , i guess it 's the spending money side of things that i like most . 
  disturbing . 
  violence is not necessary . 
  also , i can handle shit myself . 
  i do n't need a guy defending my honour or whatever . 
  i 'm a grown woman , and my choice is to walk away from idiot catcallers , not aggravate the situation more . 
  # 25,000 a year is an average-ish wage here , so sure , i 'd be perfectly fine with that . 
  if i went against all of my better instincts and moved to london it would n't be quite so okay , as london needs stupid money to live decently on , so i guess in that hypothetical situation it would depend on the guy . 
  fine , just as long as you do n't get all weird about it . 
  i do n't think they 're anything special ( as in , i love the feeling of kissing but i do n't ascribe any particular value to having kissed someone ) , and i do n't honestly think i 'd be that sympathetic towards a 30 year old who gets all shy about kissing me . 
  just do it and we 're all good . 
  i got offered a place on a postgrad teacher training course for september !, 
  it finally means i can go and do what i really want to do and i get to move away from home again after three years being back here . 
  so excited . 
  i 'm pro-europe and dislike the tories education changes . 
  i think ed miliband is * okay * as a leader - not ideal , but he 's smart , and i 'd rather have a smart guy than a charismatic guy in charge . 
  yeah , this exactly . 
  two guys kissing in the street ? 
  eh , whatever , get a room , walk on by . 
  seeing it in a club would be quite hot , but people get more down and dirty in clubs anyway . 
  on the other hand i really love reading slash fanfic about two hot male characters getting it on . 
  i suppose the fantasy is more alluring than the reality ? 
  it just takes time . 
  breakups are a grieving process but it does get better . 
  you wo n't be in love with him forever and ever . 
  believe me , by the time you are 20 he wo n't be any more than a distant four - month memory of a silly boy . 
  focus on other things for now - school work , friends , family . 
  distract yourself , and it 'll get easier . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i ca n't help much on the day to day stuff , but a good visual resource for you on the look and feel of 1970s london might be [ british pathe videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/britishpathe/search?query=london ) on youtube . 
  pathe have uploaded thousands of their videos which you can search through , and trying a search just for ` london ' throws up some really interesting bits , though most appear to be silent . 
  yup !, 
  my hair has been all sorts of colours . 
  i 'm naturally a very dark brown , but right now it 's dyed a dark mahogany kind of red . 
  i think red suits me a little better - my eyes are ( mostly ) green and i 've got pale skin , so the hair colour brings that out a little more . 
  it 's not insecurity at all - in fact , i think it 's the opposite . 
  i like my hair a lot , so i like making an effort with it and styling it in new ways to show it off . 
  it 's a fun thing to do , and i like when people notice it . 
  oooh that 's a lovely colour !, 
  what do you use ? 
  i have a little lemon and lavender yankee candle gel bottle thing in mine , which is lovely . 
  i remember a friend of mine bought a really dark navy yankee candle car thing ( midnight something scent ? ), 
  as she said ` it smells like a man ' . 
  worst smell ? 
  i 'd constantly worry about what was leaking . 
   the general consensus women automatically create in their mind looking at you that you 're no good than a friend . 
  by the way , this is crap . 
  i have never looked at a guy and thought ` oh , he 's just a mate ' . 
  i 've looked at * loads * of guys and thought ` wow , he 's fit , i wonder if he 's single ' , though . 
  the ` friendzone ' is just jealousy that either a ) someone else asked them out first or b ) they did n't fancy you in the first place . 
  so his 65 year old grandmother , who is due for retirement , still has to work every day to feed her mentally ill grandson , ( who has no car , but does have a drug conviction ) and then had another mouth suddenly turn up on her doorstep one day who never left ? 
  yeah . 
  i think i 'd be really pissy at the both of you too , especially if you do n't clean up after yourselves . 
  do you pay her rent ? 
  actually , iron man 1 was mostly improvised , not scripted , and i think it 's a far better movie for it . 
  so i 'll stick with improvised scenes , thanks . 
  i think the difference is that by the time we saw him in winter soldier , he had been head of his own department for twenty-odd years . 
  that 's a * lot * of time for a seed to grow , especially when he 's making his own orders rather than just following the red skull 's vision . 
  he was always a follower , but having that freedom to make his own decisions and organise his own ` beautiful parasite ' was the thing that really pushed him towards becoming a true hydra zealot . 
  it was playing in front of hobbit 3 back in december , if i recall rightly . 
  same . 
  have channel 4 confirmed that they 're not picking it up at all ? 
  i 'd really love to watch it properly , rather than on a dinky streaming site player , and it 's so good . 
  even on public holidays like christmas , businesses that do open like pubs or restaurants normally do it on reduced hours , or pay extra , so there 's no real controversy around it . 
  one big retailer , boots had a christmas ad this year about a nurse having to work on christmas and her family staying up to meet her . 
  do n't forget that we get boxing day as well , so most people get one day or the other to do family things . 
  well you clearly do care about it , otherwise you would n't be spending money to get it done . 
  no one voluntarily gets invasive cosmetic surgery purely for the sake of ` the general public ' . 
  i turn 30 next month , and there is zero chance i would ever date a 22 year old . 
  no way . 
  far too young for me . 
  i wo n't go younger than 28 . 
  i was 16 . 
  think that 's pretty average around here , ( essex ) though my boyfriend at the time bragged that he 'd lost it much younger . 
  drax : nothing goes over my head . 
  my reflexes are too fast . 
  i would catch it . 
  basically that whole jailbreak sequence in guardians is full of gems . 
  i 've nipped through an amber light several times before , but i do n't think i 've ever run a red . 
  i 'm paranoid about giving enough time to brake since someone went into the back of me a few years ago . 
  the new agent carter series is * amazing * . 
  cool tough agent peggy carter is also a nice person !, 
  with friends !, 
  and a sense of humour !, 
  it 's so good . 
  who calls action movies ` guy movies ' ? 
  i do n't . 
  i 've never heard that before , actually . 
  i love action movies and spy movies and call them just that . 
  action film , spy film . 
  it 's the genre they 're in . 
  ` chick flick ' is its own genre in itself that films like f&f and the bourne trilogy are n't . 
  it 's starting out really well !, 
  new years was spent at a wedding party reception , i did my very first 10k run in february , got a 94 % on a uni assignment , have been offered a place on a ( really competitive ) teacher training course to start in september which means i finally get to move out of home again in august , i 've organised my 30th birthday party in march , saw my best friend last night who had just had an offer accepted on her first house , and i 'm off to copenhagen by myself for five days next week to have a bit of a holiday . 
  thanks 2015 !, 
  you can stick around a bit longer . 
  listen , it 's * okay * to talk to guys and hold normal conversations with them . 
  that 's not leading someone on !, 
  that 's just being a human being .
