  wrong time wrong place etc etc etc. 
  first . 
  i never go by my middle name . 
  my first is quite unusual anyway , so i like it . 
  of course not . 
  i 'm not psychic . 
  i knew he was cute , but that was all . 
  sixth form just refers to the two years you spend studying a levels . 
  some schools have internal sixth forms - i stayed at mine from year 7 all the way to upper sixth . 
  other schools only teach to gcse so you also have separate schools that teach just those two years . 
  you can choose which you prefer to do - some people feel like sixth form college is more like a university environment . 
  if you want to do a subject that is n't taught or examined as an a - level syllabus , like hairdressing , you can go to an fe college instead and do a diploma or btec . 
  some ( most ? ), 
  fe colleges also do a - level subjects too . 
  ` ship ' is just short for relationship . 
  how and why communities form is the same as anything else - people who agree on a particular subject like to talk about it and have opinions on it . 
  it 's a perpetual form of ` what if ' , i suppose . 
  people can have loads of different ships at once , defined by a slash between names - tony stark/pepper potts , sirius/remus , steve rogers/bucky barnes . 
  an ampersand between names means friends ; harry potter & hermione granger , steve rogers & natasha romanoff . 
  some popular ships get their names smooshed together : tony stark/pepper potts sometimes gets called pepperony . 
  sometimes the smooshing can get a bit obscure : i know tony stark/loki fans call their ship frostiron . 
  sirius/remus shippers sometimes call them the puppies , seeing as they turn into a dog and a wolf . 
  a lot of ships come from the canon source - after a line like `` even when i had nothing , i still had bucky '' in captain america : winter soldier i 'm not sure how you could n't ship steve/bucky . 
  others just come out of a few shared lines and a lot of wishful thinking . 
  it 's all good fun though , and mostly it 's just people letting their imaginations run riot in whatever direction they please . 
  my brother has sensitive skin and my mum always bought persil non bio for our washing machine . 
  i do n't think we 've ever had a problem with it . 
  i 'm not sure on scent , though - it always smells nice and clean to me , but i 've never pried too closely !, 
  i usually stay the night , unless i 've had work in the morning . 
  it 's been something like 80/20 stay/leave ratio for me . 
  primer !, 
  always put on primer after moisturiser and before foundation . 
  it 'll help keep your foundation on longer and it 'll look much better , too . 
  i 'll never go without it now . 
  hey , come on now . 
  just because you do n't understand engineering does n't mean you 're stupid !, 
  could he analyse a piece of writing like you , or see meaning in a piece of art or understand why historical events happened ? 
  what 's your subject speciality ? 
  my brother is a maths person and a physics person and i could n't possibly understand 10 % of what he does , but i know he could n't write history essays like i can , or analyse primary sources like me . 
  we all have different talents , and one is n't inherently better than another , no matter what anyone else might tell you . 
  who cares how impressive it is ? 
  you help him . 
  i bet he 's pretty impressed with how easily it comes to you , actually . 
  try telling yourself that every morning - you are better at essays . 
  you have a skill that not everyone can do . 
  you have something to offer . 
  i think most people go to one of those at some point . 
  i do know several people here in essex who have never been to scotland though , so i imagine it 's perfectly possible . 
  god , seb stan is just so good here - the way he plays the whole dialogue just through his eyes . 
  you see everything in his head , even though he only says twelve words . 
  my favourite thing in this is actually the design of the arm and how it 's built into him - you can see how it must be attached to his shoulder and probably his spine . 
  the scarring around it and shape of the plates is a gorgeous design . 
  massive well done to wardrobe for that . 
  also well done to wardrobe for giving the lead scientist a * bow tie * of all things . 
  it 's such a bizarre , kooky touch for a secret hydra scientist to be wearing a bow tie around a lethal assassin who would probably come back and use it as a garrote if he could . 
  also , the choice of location for this scene is brilliant . 
  a bank vault , right in the middle of dc . 
  where else would you keep your most prized asset ? 
  who needs abandoned warehouses when you can just lock him up in a barred vault in the middle of the capital city ? 
  you can see the capitol dome in the opening shot !, 
  it says a lot about how hydra thinks about itself . 
  i wonder if rumlow has made the connection already that this is the famous bucky barnes ? 
  imagine working with captain america and secretly knowing that his best friend was n't really dead , all that time . 
  no no no . 
  that 's just massively inappropriate . 
  well , we know there was a hydra spy at steve 's transformation - it would make sense for zola to do the research about close known associations and find out about bucky that way . 
  maybe steve put bucky down as next of kin on his medical forms or bucky put steve ? 
  in the mcu at least we know both of steves parents are dead after all . 
  when the 107th is captured it would n't take too much of a leap for zola to figure out who he was and go from there . 
  or i 've just seen fics where bucky volunteers/does something stupid to get himself experimented on and it 's just chance that it was him who was picked . 
  your girlfriend can believe whatever she wants to , but you 're standing right in front of her as proof that you 're heterosexual , not bisexual . 
  tell her the kinsey scale does have two ends to it , not just a middle . 
  ask her if she would insist that a self-declared gay man should also have sex with a woman at some point , because everyone is bisexual , right ? 
  she needs to work out that being liberal means everyone is free to choose and refuse * every * kind of sex that they do or do not want to have . 
  well if they 've never met you and have no connection to you , i can understand why they just invited your bf . 
  i think you are over - reacting , really - the ex is married , lives miles away and is n't going to be there . 
  he 's allowed to still be friends with other people connected to her , and i hardly think it 's like they 're going to be whispering `` dump mintyfuze , ex still secretly yearns for you '' in his ear . 
  what 's the harm in him going , really ? 
  knowing about you is n't the same as knowing you at all , especially when it 's going to involve travelling away together for a few days in limited company . 
  it 's the sister 's birthday celebration , not just a lunch out somewhere . 
  she 's allowed to only invite close friends to her birthday . 
  would n't you prefer to be selective then too ? 
  left shark for sure . 
  not quite woken up yet and just a few beats behind the rest of the world . 
   the only thing that i ca n't reconcile is the bit in bucky 's flashback where zola appears to be talking to bucky while standing in the snow . 
  i think that 's just a case of visual confusion with the background of the shot being all hazy and wonky . 
  i 'm pretty sure zola is talking to him in the lab , not the snow . 
  if you pause it on 0:34 just as the view of zola is dimming , the background looks slightly more industrial than forest-y . 
  you 're dating an idiot . 
  and no , he 's not funny . 
  he 's just stupid . 
  do n't date idiots . 
  i thought as much . 
  i 'm never leaving another insurance company letter unopened again !, 
  thanks for your help . 
  i spoke to both of them , yes . 
  they were both very nice , but the best i could do was # 560 with swinton and # 728 with zurich , so i just took swinton 's offer . 
  i think the rac was # 680 . 
  at least i 'm covered again . 
  this is going to sting for a few years though , is n't it ?
