  it makes total sense for me to switch careers into teaching something i 'm endlessly fascinated by , but it 's taken me a good few years to work out how i wanted to make my work and hobbies match up , and a lot of trial and error . 
  it sounds corny , but go with what feels right . 
  well , true , but plenty of people do n't love full grown dogs , and my favourite breed is quite a big , boisterous one that sheds a * lot * . 
  my favourite hobby is also dog showing , so i 'd spend a lot of time grooming dogs , doing ringcraft classes , driving to shows on the weekends and generally spending time and money on multiple dogs . 
  you need to be a really doggy person to be okay with that , rather than just `` oh , that puppy is cute '' . 
  i only wear them when i feel like there 's extra leakage going on , but i 'm sure other people wear them all the time . 
  [ english setters ] ( http://i.imgur.com/db6prdn.jpg )  i 've grown up with them and i 'd love to have two of my own in a few years time . 
  awww , bouviers are so lovely !, 
  big breeds are just the best . 
  he was gorgeous !, 
  well exactly !, 
  which is why it would be a dealbreaker for me if they did n't have that same quality . 
  some do !, 
  lots love writing gay erotica too . 
  just go digging through [ ao3 ] ( http://http://archiveofourown.org/ ) . 
  not op , but for me , it 's honestly just because all of the guys involved look like they 're actually really enjoying themselves , rather than just going through the motions for a good camera angle . 
  i like to watch their faces rather than the bumping uglies bit , and gay porn actors usually seem like they 're genuinely having a good time . 
  with straight porn most women look bored , detached or forced , and most camera angles do n't even bother to show their faces anyway . 
  when you say you 've now got a line , do you mean you had an engineer visit to install a new line ? 
  if the old owner cancelled the contract then that would be the number lost and gone - you ca n't bring it back and just start using it again . 
  no , that 's not true at all . 
  i worked in the entertainment department of a ship and we could socialise quite freely in the crew areas . 
  i was friends with plenty of the casino staff , and we had a crew bar to hang out in , a big crew mess and an upstairs deck that was all ours as you could only get to it through staff only access stairs . 
  you do n't get a choice in what to eat as you 're served in a crew canteen , but you can buy sweets/biscuits/crisps in a staff tuck shop , and you can buy loads ashore if you want . 
  as for the exercising , i had extra benefits of being entertainment staff and could use the passenger gym if there were n't any pax in there at the time . 
  on the cruise i worked on , we had a ` behind the scenes ' tour come down to see our crew bar . 
  that place was polished until it * shone * . 
  it was so bizarre to see it so clean and tidy when normally it was quite a bit of a dive . 
  they also did a ` pit stop ' where the pax came to eat in the crew mess and we got to eat in the passenger restaurant , except all of the chefs served normal restaurant food to the pax , and we got the usual crappy crew food in a slightly nicer surrounding !, 
  for days afterwards all of the passengers i talked to were like `` oh , you eat so well ! '', 
  uh , no , we really do n't , but thanks for asking . 
  love it !!, 
  i want to find a partner who cooks because i can bake but i have no patience for every day main meals . 
  my dad is an * amazing * cook , much better than my mum . 
  i 've been completely spoilt for his food now , quite honestly . 
  i did a distance learning degree after being out of academia for about ten years ( my first degree was all vocational , i.e no essay writing ), 
  do n't be afraid to ask questions . 
  if you do n't understand something , ask !, 
  also , * try * make your notes at least legible , so when you 're going through them later for an essay you 're not staring at the page going `` what the fuck were they talking about there ? '', 
  do n't leave your assignments to the last minute . 
  i know it 's tempting , but really , try to do them early , especially if you 're doing the work/uni balancing act . 
  i liked to write my first draft , print it out , leave it until the next morning or for a couple of days and go back to it with fresh eyes . 
  it makes * all * the difference . 
  yup , exactly . 
  i do n't remember using many other abbreviations , but that 's a pretty common one . 
  mostly because it 's served canteen-style to a large number of crew with food that was kept in storage , i imagine . 
  most of the crew chefs and maintenance crew were filipino , so they would cook stuff that would appeal to filipino tastes and not so much to the rest of us western crew - i remember pigs trotters turned up pretty often at the start of my contract . 
  we had a chef change halfway through and the food got much better - lots more salad and pasta . 
  the officers got better food and had a separate dining room again to the rest of us . 
  bear in mind that my contract was a few years ago and i was on a smaller line , not a massive company like royal caribbean or carnival , so other crew on here will probably remember things differently . 
  that they switched the food around ? 
  yeah , it kinda is . 
  i remember being so excited in the days leading up to it , like `` yeah , we 're going to eat in the restaurant !, 
  amazing ! '', 
  and then we got there and it was the usual chefs and usual soggy shit . 
  i was so disappointed . 
  * assassins apprentice * by robin hobb is n't my all time favourite book , but it is the first book of my all time favourite * series * that contains my single all time favourite fictional character , the fool . 
  hobb is simply sublime at creating real characters that you grow with , empathise with and cry with ( and the latter happens an awful lot in hobb books ) . 
  it 's high fantasy fiction , but it has * such * heart . 
  go read it . 
  right now . 
  thursday here in the uk . 
  :( i 've had it pre-ordered for my kindle for aaaages !, 
  op , he * regularly pressures you for sex * . 
  just because you say yes in the end does n't make it okay or consensual or healthy - he guilt trips you into it and gets sullen or angry until you agree , even when you do n't want to have it . 
  that 's not healthy . 
  the fact that he then throws temper tantrums when you point this out and have you questioning your own response rather than questioning * his * demands is n't healthy either . 
  sex does n't and should n't work on his timetable . 
  it also * does not * need to be instant just because he has an erection . 
  its not your responsibility to then do something about it - can you even see how ridiculous that sounds ? 
  he 's worked hard , he 's become erect so you need to give him an orgasm straight away ? 
  there is a bigger apology needed here , but it should come from * him * , not from you . 
  you 've done * nothing wrong * . 
  exactly . 
  what would you at the start of this relationship say to you now ? 
  honestly and truly , would she be pleased that you 're in a healthy place , or shocked that you 've become so used to being yelled at ? 
  you do n't sound like an idiot op , you just sound like someone who is used to being pushed around . 
  there 's a difference between staying mad at someone , and reassessing how they treat you before and after they give you an apology . 
  i could say sorry all the live long day for guilt tripping a partner into having sex with me , but how much is it an actual apology if i then * keep * doing the same thing over and over again ? 
  do n't listen to his words , look at his * actions * . 
  the fact that he actually * said * to her `` you do n't even have to do any work , just lie there '' is the worst thing . 
  like , just lay down , think of england and be a warm hole for me there while i get off , that 's a good girl . 
  he could n't care less whether op enjoys it at all !, 
  the marvel cinematic universe !, 
  give me allllll the superhero goodness . 
  it 's so diverse too !, 
  super fun captain america : first avenger and avengers assemble , period feminist goodness with agent carter , wacky colourful sci-fi outerspace adventures with guardians of the galaxy and dark , gritty violence with daredevil on netflix . 
  i love it all . 
  [ my hair is longer now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3guldof.png ) but i just really like that photo . 
   taken just before i was about to take a boat right down the thames ( with gin ! ), 
  for my best friend 's birthday . 
  it was a happy day . 
  office selfie . 
  for science !, 
  your lipstick is super cute !, 
  what shade is it ? 
   treating a woman you 're dating or interested in dating as a potentially irresponsible teenager works , all other things being equal . 
  as a grown woman , no it fucking * does not work * . 
  i am not a child . 
  i am not a flighty teenager .
