  my favourite so far has been mysinglefriend , and i 'm just waiting for a friend to update their ` things they say about me ' bit before i try signing up with them again for a couple of months . 
  no , because that 's childish and i 'm no longer thirteen years old . 
  eh maybe like twice a month , and that 's usually whenever i 'm on my period . 
  you do n't need a line . 
  next time you get to talk to her by herself , just casually ask her out for a coffee/movie/concert / sports match and set a date and time for it if she says yes . 
  it 's that simple . 
  good luck !, 
  a necessary evil . 
  i 'm pretty good at interviews ( or so i 've always been told ) so i do n't mind that bit , but the rigmarole of cvs , cover letters and endless application forms is a really annoying grind . 
  * sonic, 
  * goldeneye ( multiplayer shoot em up for the win ), 
  * super smash bros, 
  * the sims, 
  i do n't play as much as i 'd like , but it tends to be the most popular games i 'll go for , or ones that i can play with friends . 
  i went on four dates late last year with a really cool guy who had his shit together - financially secure , good job , fun hobbies , very cute . 
  i liked him quite a lot . 
  and then after date four he just did the fade . 
  it was * so * frustrating , especially because he 's thirty years old and you 'd think he could just tell me straight up if he did n't see anything with me . 
  i do n't date smokers , because i do n't smoke and it 's a big turn off for me . 
  i 'd only consider dating someone who was working to quit . 
  wassily kandinsky - [ composition eight ] ( http://www.ibiblio.org/wm/paint/auth/kandinsky/kandinsky.comp-8.jpg ), 
  i just love the lines , the colours , the sharpness and starkness of it all . 
  kandinsky was influenced hugely by music , and for me , this whole painting is just soaked in sound . 
  it 's wonderful . 
  i used to say career , because i worked so hard at it and loved it so much . 
  now it will always always be family . 
  back massage . 
  my shoulders and neck are as tense as hell and i loooooooooooooooove me a deep swedish massage . 
  it hurts , but man is it good . 
  also facials , because they 're so relaxing and your skin feels all plump and lovely for days afterwards . 
  so is it the same guy who keeps asking you out ? 
  how irritating . 
  next time i 'd say `` thank you , but no . 
  i 'm really not interested and i 'm not likely to change my mind on this . 
  please stop asking . '', 
  if he keeps asking or pestering , i 'd escalate it from there just to `` no , i 'm not interested . '', 
  all the way to `` fuck off , i told you no . '', 
  i figure if people keep asking and asking without listening to what i 'm saying , i have the right to be as rude as i like in order to get them to go away . 
  sometimes you just * have * to be blunt otherwise they just wo n't listen . 
  i just really enjoy the little things in life . 
  the way the sunny day looked through my car windscreen this morning was really pretty . 
  my dog 's fur is soft and he comes to me for cuddles . 
  i have malt loaf in the cupboard waiting for a big slab of butter . 
  i love the forest river scene soundtrack part from the hobbit : dos , especially [ this epic part ] ( http://youtu.be/pxebi3p75qq?t=5m55s ) with tauriel 's theme . 
  my socks are new and really comfy . 
  it 's easy to miss the little things that make life pleasant , especially when bad things are going on . 
  my life is n't amazing - i 'm 28 and living at home because i 'm trying to save up money , i 'm not doing the job i really want to do , i have no real social life thanks to work and study right now , i 'm single , it 's * still * sodding raining . 
  so i just push those to the side ( they 're all temporary after all ) and enjoy the teeny things like my new skirt , or hearing from my best friend by text , or how much i like my bedside lamp , or that i have bakewell tarts sitting downstairs in the kitchen waiting to be eaten , or that the music i 'm listening to is wonderfully composed and that flute line is indescribably pretty , or that my eyebrows look nice today . 
  if i * make * myself think of nice things and happy things ( believe me , i know it sounds twee ) , then i feel happier in myself . 
   simple physical triggers can work , like just laughing out loud by choice for no reason . 
  or smiling !, 
  smiling ( even a totally false , forced smile ) releases endorphins which genuinely make you feel happier . 
  lindt milk chocolate . 
  it 's just incredibly smooth , like velvet on your tongue , and then those little balls quite literally melt in your mouth in the most heavenly way . 
  i have a weekend pub job . 
  i just do one shift a week ( saturday 7-midnight ish ) in a local pub doing bartending . 
  it 's minimum wage , but they always need staff , i get a share of the restaurant tips and i like my coworkers . 
  toblerone is my * favourite * . 
  i do n't even mind the sharp poky corners it 's so good . 
  nope . 
  i do n't regret my dating choices . 
  actually , i do n't tend to look back too much on any relationship and think ` what if ... ? ' . 
  if we do n't fit , then i wo n't . 
  lots and lots of deep breaths mostly . 
  physically i push my shoulders back too , as it helps me stand taller and gives me just that little burst of confidence that i need to help settle my nerves . 
  honestly ? 
  lazy . 
  it 's not hard to put on jeans or trousers to go outside . 
  i always change out of my jogging bottoms when i leave the house , unless i 'm on my way to or from my sports class . 
  for me , going to a party in joggers is just slacking off . 
   the snide part of me says that jeez , well now you know what it 's like for many women : people judging you for what you look like and giving you unsolicited ( well , not really , because this thread asked what people thought about sweatpants ) opinions about your clothing and appearance . 
  all the time . 
  yup , that 's exactly what i thought too . 
  it 's slightly ironic and amusing all at the same time . 
  to be perfectly honest , i think you 're already doing the right thing which is distancing yourself from him . 
  you ca n't get more clear than `` i ca n't date right now '' , and if he 's getting upset rather than excited by the thought of being with you , then it 's a sign that you need to just let him do his own thing . 
  maybe keep a loose contact and see where he is in three months , six months or a year . 
  by the sound of it , he needs to get some singleness out of his system , and if you get caught up in that it 'll just make you feel worse than ever . 
  do n't do any grand gestures , it wo n't help the situation at all , and it 'll probably just make the both of you feel really really awkward . 
  hope things work out , whatever happens . 
  seriously , / u / _ ataraxia tells you `` go see a doctor '' and you reply `` maybe she 's cheating on me ? '', 
  you really need to reassess where you 're coming from on this . 
  go get a possible medical reason for her pain sussed out first , then look at why you 're paranoid that your wife is being unfaithful when she 's telling you that there are physical symptoms behind her lack of libido . 
  mate , it 's in the last line of your op . 
   maybe she is cheating on me ? 
  ** i am always worried that she is . 
  ** i mean , its unusual for someone to just stop being interested in sex for no reason no ? 
  definitely agree !, 
  i was a bit thrown by the dos soundtrack at first , but once i listened to it properly i * really * started to love it , especially the wilderland track and the lake town theme . 
  i loooove the forest river track most of all though !, 
  my particular favourite is the tauriel leitmotif ; [ this youtube video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxebi3p75qq&amp;list=plq-odljkgf8enk63riiwpzv6zsrdqw98j&amp;index=2 ) is a great compilation of the variation on her theme through the soundtrack . 
  it 's such a simple five note arrangement but it works so well . 
  seriously , calm down . 
  this is * not a big deal * . 
  you 're way overthinking this . 
  a movie is not code for ` lots of making out ' . 
  it just means going to a movie , maybe getting a drink afterwards and * maybe * a kiss or two if you 're both feeling it . 
  she 's 26 , she 's not 13 and giggly about sitting in the back row to have a snog with a boy . 
  going for a movie and having a kiss is n't really moving fast at all . 
  it 's just a date .
