  w : you come here alone ? 
  ( camera cuts to jemma , necklace is * clearly * visible in this shot . 
  j : yes . 
  i 'm alone . 
  are you ? 
  w : you 're the first person i 've seen in a long time . 
  so if we take it to be true , the first time she actually really starts talking to will , she 's hallucinating . 
  it 's also after she 's been on the surface in the sandstorm , which is when he says everyone else started to go mad . 
  i went to an all girls school and enjoyed it . 
  i liked feeling empowered to do every subject . 
  since then i 've been in mixed unis and liked socialising with the guys , so . 
  single sex suited me fine , i 'd do it again . 
  it is the * most * beautiful city , everywhere is walkable , the food is great and there 's swathes of gorgeous countryside and extinct volcanos right in the middle of it . 
  i love that place so much . 
  cruise ships are * hard work * , and you 're very much in a bubble while you 're on there . 
  saying that though , one of the girls i worked with came on board with a boyfriend , managed to get a discount so he could join her for a few days halfway through her contract , and now a few years later they 're married with a baby boy . 
  like every ldr , it 's not impossible if both of you actively try to make it work . 
  go around asking if people have seen your missing friend . 
  strong . 
  has a metal arm . '', 
  if she wants to leave ( and asking for an open relationship is just a halfway house to a full break up , honestly ) , you ca n't force her to stay . 
  it 's as much her relationship and her decision as it is yours . 
  this is , unfortunately , what happens when you grow up and go to university . 
  you grow up , your world expands and you change as a person . 
  i 'm really sorry , but all of the reading in the world wo n't prepare you for the real thing . 
  why is it embarrassing ? 
  if you were giving lifts to the workplace every day , you would ask for petrol money towards refilling the tank . 
  asking for a ` croissants fund ' or whatever in the mornings is exactly the same . 
  do n't call him . 
  do n't engage . 
  he 's got your attention , which is really all he 's looking for , and giving him more of your time even just to say ` you 're crazy and ridiculous ' is just feeding the troll . 
  if he ever calls you again , just say `` i ca n't talk , goodbye '' and put the phone down . 
  disclose it to the school . 
  they need to know in order to have themselves , and you , covered . 
  it 's a thousand times better to have any issues like this out in the open before you start a job that has you dealing with minors all day long . 
  you do n't need to make a big deal out of it , you just need to tell them `` by the way , i 've been dating so and so for x amount of time , but of course we 'll keep everything strictly professional in school hours . '', 
  it 'll be fine just as long as you 're upfront about it . 
  an optimist and an extrovert , who currently has to give a lift in and home every day to a pessimistic introvert . 
  it 's driving me nuts . 
  lately i 've reverted to just playing episodes of blackadder through my ipod in the morning just to get him onto lighter topics of conversation . 
  i snack loads , but my biggest sign is when i start pulling on the underside of my hair . 
  i always do it when i 'm nervous or stressed . 
  i 'm sure some people are okay with the thought of having sex for money . 
  i 'm not . 
  it 's creepy . 
  because the easiest way to dismiss someone 's ideas seems to be to degenerate their physical looks . 
  `` well of course you 'd / she 'd say men should n't make sexual jokes about women , just look at you/her . 
  could n't get laid if you/she tried !, 
  who 'd want her anyway ? '', 
  my parents and my dog . 
  i love where i am and what i 'm doing , but i became really close to them over the last three years ( especially my dad ) and i just really miss having them there to talk to every day . 
  and my dog gives the best cuddles in the world . 
  job security and availability . 
  both my mum and dad ( uk ) left school at 16 and walked straight into jobs . 
  my mum said they literally handed her a booklet with a dozen companies in and said ` pick one , and off you go ' . 
  now it 's much more expected that not only will you get a degree , but you 'll only work for a company for a few years and then move on somewhere else , or change fields a couple of times . 
  not only that , but our hiring processes are ridiculous - layers of interviews , personality tests , and hundreds of cvs . 
  my parents understand what the job market is like , but i know they 're glad they never had to do what we do now . 
  i love wearing dresses , especially ones that flare out a bit when i move around , and i feel really pretty and flirty when they 're paired with amazing heels . 
  basically , the variety of clothes that we get to wear . 
  i really do n't know why you getting scared at the point of having sex ( it can be a really big deal for people ! ), 
  means she wo n't trust you again or that you 're somehow a ` pussy ' - which is a really cruel and unnecessary thing to call you , by the way . 
  you did * nothing wrong * . 
  you should n't have sex unless you feel 100 % comfortable with what you 're doing . 
  if she was n't feeling comfortable you would have stopped everything and not minded at all , right ? 
  that feeling goes both ways . 
  she should support you so that you can * both * have a happy , consensual sex life . 
  you did n't fuck up . 
  you withdrew consent . 
  that is * okay * . 
  i think what americans misunderstand about our tea drinking habits is that for every day tea we go for the cheapest stuff in the largest boxes . 
  yorkshire tea black teabags x200 for three quid ? 
  rock on . 
  100x tetley for # 1.50 ? 
  sorted . 
  brew or stew in a pot , dump in a sugar , splash of milk and you 're done . 
  fancy herbal lemon/lime stuff is n't * real * tea ( as much as i like it ) . 
  it 's just hot fruit juice . 
  anything that 's either called english breakfast or assam are the two blends we tend to drink , so keep an eye out for either of them . 
  i 'm personally not a fan , but i 've grown up with english setters so i prefer longer haired gundog breeds anyway . 
  i 've had a few of my setters bitten by staffies so i 'm wary of the breed - i have no doubt they can be very loving towards their human owners , but it 's having them around other dogs that makes me nervy . 
  if you want something particularly british to do on christmas eve , every local theatre will be playing a pantomime , which is a very british form of light family entertainment that only happens around christmas time . 
  you 'd need to pick where you 're staying and book tickets pretty promptly though , because they will always be sold out on christmas eve . 
  i 'm training as a secondary school teacher , so yes , it 's a very social job . 
  you need to be able to talk to people almost constantly all day , and teenagers can have a lot of questions if you catch their attention . 
  i 'm normally talked out by the time i get home !, 
  i have n't , only because i dislike the temporariness of a flag overlay . 
  it 's very echo chamber as well - i have no friends in france right now who are going to see that i care about them , and no one french is going to see that i care about what happened , so ... who am i showing solidarity * to * , really ? 
  on saturday my food for the day consisted of ; biscuits for breakfast , a large cup of tea for lunch and then a chinese takeaway ( which i did n't actually finish off ) for dinner . 
  i 'm so gud at adult . 
  if you would like actual , serious , adult answers to your question , insulting people who answer you and calling us feminists ( which , by the way , is n't even an insult ) is n't the way to go about it . 
  aragorn . 
  that introduction scene in the prancing pony where you just see his eyes under the hood is * swelteringly * hot . 
  fine . 
  i 'm generally good on the mental health scale . 
  i do n't think i know anyone who 's done therapy at all . 
  [ swoooon ] ( http://static.tumblr.com/opxwfqg/njtm7nkfj/aragorn-entrance.gif ), 
  i 'm 30 and in a ( nice ! ), 
  student house but we do n't have a living room . 
  i never realised how much i would miss it !,
