  it 's not easy at all , but i 'm really enjoying it , and you get loads of support from your tutors . 
  a few weekends ago i went to a conference day on ancient greece organised by the british museum in co operation with the ou , so there is lots going on and they have plenty of clout to compete with the brick unis . 
   i mean , my answer lists 4 different nationalities , and i have one of the shorter lists of people i know . 
  that confuses me * so much * as a brit . 
  how can you honestly be all of those different things , but somehow not be the * one * nationality that you actually are , which is american ? 
  i mean , france and scotland and ireland and italy are all so different !, 
  i 'd get a headache trying to be all of things things every day . 
  i 'm just one thing , english . 
  even if i say `` oh i 'm a quarter geordie '' ( my nanna was from newcastle ) , i do n't actually * mean * it . 
  i 'd never * really * claim to be geordie , i 'm just an essex girl with a nanna who lived oop north for a while . 
  i do n't know - from all of the threads on reddit i 've discussed this with americans , i do n't think we 're ever really going to see eye to eye on it . 
  it seems to be the one thing where we just ca n't connect . 
  you can do modules full time if you like - i 'm doubling up and doing mine in three years so i 'm not 35 by the time i apply for a pgce . 
  the workload sucks ( tmas every two weeks ) but it is doable . 
  i work full time , too . 
  it 's not that you have control issues , it 's that he has shown you over , and over , and over again that he * ca n't be trusted * . 
  your gut is telling you the right thing - you are being lied to and he is not demonstrating at all that he is trustworthy enough for a serious relationship . 
  he 's gaslighting you . 
  you 're much better off without him . 
  just a ukip one so far i think . 
  my area 's been conservative for a loooong while though . 
  wow . 
  * wow * . 
  that poor girl has some serious problems going on . 
  i 'm glad everything turned out okay for you op , and i hope she gets the help she obviously needs . 
  my faaaaavourite tea is smoky tea . 
  the smokier the better . 
  at the moment i 'm enjoying a slightly lighter leaf russian caravan blend that i got from harrods a month or so ago , but i 'll go all out lapsang souchong reasonably often . 
  for some reason i always particularly enjoy eating grilled halloumi with it - the two just seem to go together . 
  if i 'm in a dunking mood i 'll grab a couple of lovely milk chocolate hob nobs and give 'em a little two second soaking in some tetleys . 
  it 's my favourite way to spend an afternoon in the office in fact , and probably why i 've put weight on lately ... 
  oh my god , yorkshire with jammy dodgers sounds * perfect * . 
  and earl grey with shortbread is the best . 
  that just sounds ... divine . 
  i 'm swooning just at the idea of honey cinnamon scones . 
  one of the most gender fluid characters i 've ever read in fantasy is the fool in robin hobb 's farseer and tawny man series . 
  hobb is very , very good at her character development and i think it fits the bill nicely for what you 're looking for . 
  no different to living in a country without one , except that we have the queen on our money , and one family to go and do opening ceremonies occasionally . 
  really , most of our history has been under a monarchy apart from one brief period in the seventeenth century where we kicked the monarch out by beheading him ( and then invited his son back when cromwell cancelled christmas ) . 
  it 's just something that 's always been there . 
  royal palaces are open to visitors a fair amount which is nice - i do like looking at the family silver in windsor castle - and we get a lot of media coverage about what baby george has been up to lately , or whether harry is looking to be the next george clooney ( probably ) . 
  every so often there are big televised displays of royal traditions , like trooping the colour or the diamond jubilee thames pageant , and they 're fun events to watch as we 're generally very good at pageantry . 
  divided , to put it succintly , and very very far from being a universal opinion . 
  [ this independent article ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/exclusive-young-people-want-uk-to-stay-in-europe-four-in-10-adults-aged-18-to-24-are-firmly-in-favour-of-membership-poll-shows-9006438.html ) summed it up reasonably well in december :, 
  `` young britons are significantly more pro-european than older generations and fear that leaving the eu would jeopardise their job prospects at home and on the continent , research suggests . 
  a `` generation gap '' has opened up in british attitudes to europe , with young people who have grown up with the freedom of movement reluctant to give up the right to pursue career opportunities in other eu countries . '', 
  but of course , that 's also dependant on social class . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm 29 , english and pro-eu . 
  my mum seems to agree with ukip , and my dad wants nothing to do with it . 
  mexico - tequila , colour , hot , dry , friendly , dios los muertos , bars , touristy , cactus . 
  south africa - red , black , yellow , green , cape town , table mountain , smart bars , relaxed , oscar pistorius , sporty , springboks . 
  both of those are from personal visits to those countries and a little bit of media influence . 
  erk , yes . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  the credit transfer depends entirely on what subject your previous degree was in , but i might be able to help as i did the same thing as you . 
  i did a ba ( no honours ) from a scottish university in theatre production , and in 2012 started an ou ba ( hons ) in history . 
  i did a 60 credit first year humanities module ( aa100 ) but didnt want to do the other 60 credit options as they sounded dull , so i applied for credit transfer . 
  i had to submit my academic transcript , a breakdown of the course content , and a copy of my official degree to the ou , plus a # 40 admin fee . 
  it took a couple of weeks , but not as long as i thought it would . 
  the ou decided that my previous credit could be accepted in one of three ways :, 
  240 credits towards an open degree, 
  120 credits towards a humanities degree, 
  60 credits towards a history degree . 
  i chose the 60 credit award , they applied it to my academic transcript , and away we went . 
  i 'm now just finishing up my 2nd year , so basically all that saved me something like # 2500 . 
  you will have to do at least one module to apply for your credit , but if they can see that some of your previous study was even a little bit relevant to your current study , then you should be good to go . 
  a 2008 kia carens that cost me # 3000 a year ago and now has 58k on the clock . 
  it 's a big family car and i 'm the only one driving it , but i 'm being perfectly honest when i say i bought it for the dog . 
  i have an english setter who i bring to the office every day and drive to various dog shows , so i needed a car that was comfortable enough for him to be in for up to a couple of hours at a time . 
  the boot is * massive * , he can lounge in it to his hearts content , and i really really like driving it as it 's just such a comfortable car . 
  i upgraded the stereo so my ipod plays through it and i can have bluetooth , and i 'll quite happily motor around the country in it for ages . 
  the fuel economy could be better , but that 's what you get with a big car , i guess !, 
  not here in the uk !, 
  automatics are the rarity over here , and basically everyone learns on manual . 
  for clothes shopping : if you do n't love it when you try it on , do n't buy it . 
  my tea has gone cold , but there 's still half a mug of it and it 's darjeeling which is yummy . 
  / r/teaproblems, 
  i do n't think i 've ever re-heated tea in my life . 
  also , the microwave is right next to the kettle so i might as well just make a fresh mug anyway . 
  it 's just the principle of the thing . 
  sleep . 
  sleeeeep . 
  sleep is the only thing that has ever kept me from getting ill when i worked at the edinburgh fringe festival . 
  the one year that i got real sleep was the one year i did n't get sick . 
  try and get back early-ish from the fundraiser , or sleep the rest of the day after whatever mudderella is . 
  otherwise : spicy foods to clear the sinuses , honey and lemon or a hot toddy ( whisky , honey , lemon , cinnamon , hot water ) to drink . 
  i usually say english first and use british second . 
  if asked , i 'll say i live near london or an hour from london . 
  i never say i 'm from essex . 
  yup !, 
  i 'm english and just about everyone i 'm friends with or related to gets a cheek kiss . 
  ferry , j. , ( 1884 ) ` on french colonial expansion ' , in the open university ( 2104 ) a200 readings [ online ] . 
  available at http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/1884ferry.asp ( accessed 4 may 2014 ), 
  woo history bibliographies . 
  the problem is not the roommate . 
  jill is n't doing anything . 
  it 's * your boyfriend * that you need to deal with . 
  for gods sake , he 's telling his roommate * quite explicitly * that he has been masturbating over her and wants to have sex with her . 
  she is brushing him off - do n't you see that all of her questions about you are her trying to remind gordon that you exist ? 
  jill does n't need to move out .
