  you know she has a new fitz & fool trilogy coming out in august , right ? 
  `` nice guys are the loudest whingers about not getting who they want '' is a more accurate phrasing of that statement , i think . 
  i know the romans put cocks on everything , but seriously ? 
  carrying around a little phallus charm or putting pictures of massive cocks on your wall is going to give a slightly different impression to a modern woman , y' know ? 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://io9.com/first-exclusive-look-at-robin-hobbs-next-novel-fools-1533631696 ) i 'm so excited for it !, 
  i 'm guessing reading the rain wild chronicles will be partly necessary for this one too . 
  a summer of reading for you !, 
  probably ? 
  there was lots of drinking at uni , i imagine we all encouraged each other to have a few . 
  nope and never . 
  besides , i suck at ironing . 
  if you want your shirts all creasy and stuff , go ahead and date me , but i 'll be the one laughing when you walk out the door . 
  tea !, 
  i already have about a dozen cups a day , anyway . 
  i have you tagged as ` brit teacher ' . 
  i expect both of those beverages are pretty much essential to your every day life , right ? 
  sales right now , studying a new degree in history so i can go on and do teacher training . 
  hopefully in a couple of years i 'll be qualified as a secondary school history teacher . 
  ( ( but right now i 'm alllll about panicking about end of year exams which are tomorrow . 
  i watched their [ mombasa ] ( http://youtu.be/ly39km8rkwy ) video the other day . 
  totally brilliant !, 
  a friend of mine who 's a theatre technician put on facebook the other day that a little girl asked her mum ` why is that lady carrying tools ? ', 
  and her mum said to her `` oh , she 's taking them to work for her husband , women do n't do jobs that need tools or mean getting dirty . '', 
  i mean , * seriously * ? 
  what a sad thing to say to your little girl !, 
  my friend said she took great delight in setting the record straight and telling the girl she could do whatever job she wanted to do . 
   how do you feel about the fact that `` game '' even exists ? 
  it 's stupid and childish . 
  i 'm not a video game where you need to pass levels to get into my knickers . 
   when you get the feeling that a guy is using aka running `` game '' on you , how does it change your actions toward and opinions of him ? 
  instant put off . 
  do not pass go , do not collect # 200 . 
  put it this way , if we 're on a date and i think the bloke is negging me or whatever , i will finish out the date but i will * not * be calling him back . 
  ever . 
  i do n't date silly little boys who try silly tricks to get into bed with me . 
   i do believe that i have some duty to correct them even if they wo n't listen or change their mind . 
  sorry , you 're wrong . 
  i know in a lot of places religion is a hot button topic , but that does n't mean that you need to incite an argument just because you think you know better . 
  being right is not the be all and end all . 
  most of the time it 's just downright unnecessary . 
  letting people know you disagree with them can be done in one way which is interesting and polite . 
  being passive aggressive about it ( by visibly banging your head on a desk ? 
  seriously ? ), 
  is not interesting or polite . 
  it 's just rude . 
  if people are saying things you disagree with , do n't aggravate them by telling them that they 're wrong wrong wrong . 
  if you said something about your engineering work and some other bloke came up to you , mimed banging his head on his desk and then starting telling you about how what you know is actually blatantly wrong and you need to do * this * fix instead , how would you feel ? 
  are you going to change your mind there on the spot ? 
  or are you going to walk away feeling like he 's just been incredibly rude to you and you 're going to avoid him at all costs next time ? 
   sometimes people ask for my advice on something and so like anyone , i talk about what i know on the topic and that means what i 've learned about the topic from my personal experience . 
  if someone asks me about love , then i talk about my past relationships ( currently single ) and what did and did not work for me . 
  if they ask me about software engineering , my profession , then i tell them what i 've learned . 
  i can only ever talk about what i know , which means referring to what i 've done and my successes . 
  i 'm not perfect , i do n't know everything , but somehow people accuse me of hubris and tell me that i should be more humble . 
  because by the sound of it , they ask you a question on a simple topic and you go off into a diatribe about you . 
  this is what * i 've * done , this is what happened to me . 
  newsflash : when people ask you a question , they 're not usually asking about you . 
  they 're asking about them . 
  if an anecdote helps illustrate a point , sure , tell them an anecdote . 
  but keep it short , and snappy , and bring it back round to what you think will help * them * . 
   i once spoke with a woman who first called me `` unremarkable '' which i felt was unwarranted for the context of the conversation at hand because i was n't trying to share anything about myself . 
  after this insult i went ahead and shared a few of my finer points with her . 
  so this lady insulted you ( yes , i agree with you , that was n't a nice thing to say ) , and instead of saying something like `` well i 'll have to do some skydiving to change that then !, 
  '' , you went off on a speech about how amazing you * actually * are ? 
  that 's called bragging , sweetheart . 
  and you 're full of it . 
  this is exactly how other people feel when you start telling them that their religious views are wrong . 
  it 's not very nice , is it ? 
  competitiveness is fine . 
  wanting to learn is fine . 
  disagreeing with people is fine . 
  what you are * actually * doing is being alternately pompous , egotistic and a braggart . 
  seriously , tone it down . 
  stop talking so much and start * listening * to people instead . 
  maybe she fancies you , but you 're married so she 's doing the right thing and distancing herself so things do n't get conflicted and weird . 
  who knows . 
  ask / r/relationships, 
  i do n't deal with it , because there 's nothing to deal with . 
  as you get older , your sexual experiences are always going to differ with partners - it 's not often that couples are both virgins together or have the same number of partners . 
  there is zero point concerning yourself with how often your oh has been intimate with someone else , other than making sure that you are both free from stis and you 're on the same page with birth control . 
  having had sex with someone else does n't mean you are thinking of them with a new partner . 
  it just means that they 've had sex before , is all . 
  i think this is a case where ignorance is generally bliss - he 's with * you * now , after all . 
  who cares what his past partners were like ? 
  i do n't ask because i both do n't want , and do n't need , to know . 
  he clearly does n't care because he 's sleeping with you and ( i 'm guessing ) no one else . 
  please try not to ruin the fun you 're having with insecurities about what could be , or what was . 
  there 's no point . 
  it 's working for me fine . 
  i 'm in essex . 
  have you done the normal delete cookies/restart computer workaround ? 
  [ abellio greater anglia ] ( http://www.abelliogreateranglia.co.uk/travel-information/journey-planning ) has all their timetables and journey planning bits online . 
  it 's quite comprehensive . 
  they 're the line you 'd use if you 're looking around essex , suffolk , norfolk or cambridgeshire way . 
  most guns and dangerous weapons are illegal where i live and i hate the idea of owning them . 
  i have no intention of ever owning or carrying a gun . 
  i certainly dont think they help make the world safer for anyone . 
  small and intimate suits me just fine . 
  i 'd like to get married in a really really small ceremony in a stately home and have a low key party afterwards .
