  you 're 17 . 
  you honestly wo n't realise how stressful balancing the household budget is until you 're at least in university . 
  is this money you 've also earned from a saturday job , or money your parents have given you ? 
  if the latter , they 're possibly worried that you 're wasting it - if the former , they 're probably also worried that you 're wasting it , but at least you can say it 's * your * money , not anything from their bank account . 
  with the doctors , just wait until she has finished talking , and then say to the doctor `` may i have a minute to talk now ? '', 
  if she interrupts , just be patient , wait until she stops and then say `` please let me finish . '', 
  you just have to be heard . 
  you also do have the right to insist that you have an appointment alone and you can ask her to leave the room . 
  with the knocking , it 's just another one of those things you have to live with unfortunately . 
  lead by example - knock on their room before you go in . 
  keep asking whenever she does it . 
  she 's right , it is her house , but you need your own privacy too . 
  try and be patient . 
  i know it 's hard , honest i do , but it 's going to be really hard for your mum to see you growing up into an independent young man from her little boy who she could coddle . 
  i bet she 's seen you change so much even in two or three years , and it 's taking time for her to change her habits . 
  once you go to uni or move out , your relationship * will * change . 
  you just need to be calm , reinforce your independence and your boundaries , and enjoy the time you get to spend with her now . 
  it wo n't be forever , after all . 
  we have a dog who is two . 
  he 's also big and boisterous . 
  he would never , * ever * be allowed to try and steal food , or rip a guests clothes , let * alone * bite their wrist enough to puncture !, 
  this family are ** terrible ** dog owners , and this is absolutely not your fault . 
  the dog is young enough to be retrained , but quite honestly it should be put down . 
  what if it pestered a child for food , or bit them deep enough to draw blood ? 
  i would look for somewhere else to stay , quite honestly , or refuse to be in the same room as the dog for the rest of your stay . 
  i would also suggest to the boyfriend that they look into behaviourists for the dog , but my hunch is they are the type of people to refuse to think there 's even a little bit of a problem . 
  you 're the only one who can decide whether your relationship is something that can stand being around them , and the dog , in the future . 
  you ca n't just pick one thing out and go `` oh , he 's attractive because of this . '', 
  like , it 's not just his face or his muscles or his smile in singularity , it 's everything . 
  the full package . 
  he 's attractive because genetics have worked out just right for him all over , and he 's a cool guy to boot . 
  oh sure , all the time . 
  you ca n't miss my boobs , unfortunately . 
  i know girls look at them - i get more comments from girls on the size of my breasticles than from guys . 
  mostly i just ignore it , and it does n't really make me feel anything . 
  what would even be the point in telling someone not to look ? 
  i 'd find it a bit awkward . 
  i never really know how to react when guys kiss my hand , no matter when it happens . 
  i much prefer a kiss to the cheek . 
  boy shorts/hip cut underneath lycra shorts , generally . 
  i prefer underwear that will flex while i move as i do a lot of stretching and i 'm trying to get my splits . 
  a lot of workout clothes can be restricting for leg movement , unfortunately . 
  i 'm currently doing my second degree in history , and half my modules are general history , half are classics based . 
  i 've always loved history and could talk about it non stop - pretty good reason to do a degree in it , i think . 
  i 've never even thought about it . 
  who cares what people think of me ? 
  i do n't often tell people my number anyway , and if i do i really could n't give a shit whether they think it 's high , low or anything in between . 
  i do n't regret any of the sex i 've had , and if they get jealous ( because that 's what slut shaming is , jealousy ) that i 've had fun sex with multiple men then that 's their problem , not mine . 
  * you * are the only one who can make your reputation . 
  do n't let fear of what other people may or may not think stop you getting with a cool guy and having a fun time . 
  it depends . 
  a lot of football fans here in the uk are devoted to their team and will follow them around to all sorts of games both home and away . 
  two of the guys on the mh17 flight were newcastle fans going out to see them play , for example . 
  fan behaviour like that is cool , because teams here are so linked to home towns and family and personal identity . 
  i do n't think i 'd mind too much as long as they did n't expect me to be a superfan either . 
  autograph chasers and male groupies are a little different to me , as it 's more about one person or a small group of people rather than a team . 
  it 's more focused , and just feels a little weirder , so if a guy was fanatical about things like that i * would * find it quite bizarre . 
  i guess it 's like everything : okay in moderation . 
  not particularly . 
  one of my friends is totally gorgeous in that effortless public school kind of way , but in every other regard she 's a little bit of a mess . 
  her relationships are also hopeless . 
  i 've got nothing to be jealous of , really . 
  diving . 
  especially mens pairs diving . 
  i just love those [ teeny little ] ( http://x.pac-12.com/sites/default/files/chuckarelei_c1953_0.jpg ) [ shorts ] ( http://i.smimg.net/14/29/chris-mears-jack-laugher_1.jpg ) . 
  unf . 
  super super cool . 
  i love the teaser hints about future guardians/avengers mix ups too !, 
  the bbc has a very [ thorough website ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/ww1/ ) with information on centennial events . 
  it looks like westminster abbey is having a candlelit service tomorrow night . 
  i 've always enjoyed working with teenagers and getting them excited about history . 
  i 'll be applying for teacher training this autumn as well , so i 'm in the same position as you . 
  i worked in theatre for six years , then tried pr and i 'm now doing sales , so i feel you on the career change nervousness . 
  the most important thing you have to do is * get experience * . 
  there 's no point saying `` oh , i think i might like it '' , get halfway through your training year and freak out at dealing with kids in a classroom . 
  write to your local schools at the start of september and ask to volunteer for a week or two . 
  i volunteered one day a week for a whole academic year in the history department of a local school and adored it , and it 's made me even more sure that this is the right step to take . 
  at the same time , it 's also shown me all the disruption that teachers have to deal with every day , that i have to practice being firm and authoritative to bratty yr 9s , and that there is a whole shitload of paperwork to deal with in the job as well . 
  volunteering at a museum is a great first step to take , but it 's * very * different from the classroom . 
  get some experience , see how you really truly enjoy it , and then look at the training options best for you . 
  he was wonderful in [ brideshead revisited ] ( http://youtu.be/dw-zv1i3qga ) , i adored him as richard ii in the bbc 's [ hollow crown series ] ( http://youtu.be/axgkbbbxvsa ) and he was a great q in skyfall too . 
  can you take just a week off as holiday or negotiate a day a week for a month or so ? 
  i 'm 29 , also work full time and arranged tuesdays off without much problem . 
  i took a knock to my pay , but it was more than worth it to get the experience i need . 
  you really do need to be in a classroom environment to know whether a ) you have a realistic view of teaching or b ) whether it 's something you really enjoy . 
  i do n't know where you are , but here in the uk most training providers look for at least two weeks school experience on any application . 
  god , yes . 
  i was going to post this exact same question last night after yet another good friend announced their imminent parenthood . 
  i 'm so excited for them , and they 're going to be such fun parents , but holy crap so many * babies * . 
  29 has been the most depressing facebook year ever . 
  what , honestly , would another virgin girl have brought you that your girlfriend does n't ? 
  would it have been more romantic ? 
  more fumbly ? 
  more ... starry ? 
  would a couple of hours experience with any other girl out there have really been * any * different to the one you had with your current girlfriend ? 
  would it honestly have been better ? 
  to be honest , i expect it would probably have been more awkward , possibly more painful for her , and not very different for you . 
  replace ` pure ' with ` inexperienced ' and what do you really have ? 
  a slightly less attractive word and sex that would have been pretty much exactly the same . 
  the grass is always greener on the other side , but do n't let hollywood cliches of ` first love ' ruin what you have now for a ` what if ' .
