  ) , and expecting you to act pretty much like her parent . 
  you are not her parent . 
  * she is not your child * . 
  her debt is not your responsibility , and for gods sake stop giving her money because i seriously doubt you 're going to see it again . 
  you might be dearly in love with her , but if you carry on living with her this is going to end up in the dustbin . 
  tell her to move back home where her actual parents can make her do simple things like cooking and cleaning until she develops a sense of proactiveness . 
  you 're absolutely right , she needs to grow up , and until then she needs to not live with you . 
  i go through stages of frequent dating , followed by complete apathy towards even * looking * at okc or thinking about romantic endeavours . 
  right now i 'm coming back up out of the apathy arc and i guess i 'll probably fix up a few dates for mid-january time . 
  mostly i put it down to two things . 
  one , i 'm incredibly busy right now . 
  probably busier than i 've ever been in my life before . 
  i have no time for a social life , let alone making the time and effort that developing a relationship requires . 
  it 's hardly like you just fall into them , after all . 
  two , online dating is * so much effort * . 
  oh my god it wears me out . 
  crafting the perfect profile , messaging back and forth in witty , charming ways for a week or two , fixing up dates , go through everything that dates require with the inevitable does-he-doesn ` t-he only for said gentleman to fade out and drop all contact after three dates for no apparent . 
  thirty year old london men , i 'm lookin ' at you . 
  it 's just rude . 
  so yeah . 
  dating sucks , and a lot of the time i just do n't want to do it . 
  i 'm not surprised you 're not interested right now , but do n't feel like you have to be by any stretch of the imagination . 
  take some time out , then go back to it next year all refreshed and interested in meeting someone cool . 
   having to move back into her shitty parents ' household and be away from me and the puppies would wreck her . 
  and really , how would having her stay in the house , not contributing , not cleaning , not offering * anything * except the grace of her presence affect you ? 
  let 's be realistic here . 
  in six months time you are not going to have two cute puppies ( what breed are they ? 
  ) , you are going to have two demanding , heading-towards-adulthood dogs who will probably start developing more independence from you and will * really * start testing your limits . 
  i have an eighteen month old english setter now and my god am i glad to pass him over to someone else to deal with at the end of the day because he is * trying * . 
  and he is also well trained and sociable . 
  he 's also energetic , demanding , indepedent , strong-willed and a ruddy pain in the neck . 
  and you 're going to have two of them . 
  and a girlfriend who is basically , from what i gather , a third puppy right now . 
  you need to sit her down and tell her , in no uncertain terms that she needs to shape up , or she is going home . 
  if she is putting you in the * hospital * then that is not a healthy environment . 
  you do not need to support everything she does . 
  i know you 're trying to be a good boyfriend , but you need to be selfish about some things in your life . 
  your mental health is one of those things . 
  your bank account is another . 
  take care of * yourself * , and then look to taking care of her . 
  the only ghostly christmas story i know is a christmas carol . 
  so , no . 
  i 'm attracted to actors , musicians and anyone in the performing arts field . 
  it 's mainly because i trained and worked in theatre for a long time so i have a deep love for it , and also because performers have such drive and confidence in themselves to do what they love to do . 
  it 's incredibly attractive . 
  i love guys who can act and sing , and guys who can really truly dance drive me absolutely nuts . 
  i 'm pretty ruthless with my clothes as i do n't have that much storage space . 
  i know exactly what fits me and what suits me and what i like , and if it does n't meet any of those requirements then it gets sent to charity . 
  honestly , it 's really cool that you 're thinking about this and weighing it up properly rather than just jumping into bed with her to get it over with . 
  kudos to you - you 're being an adult about the most intimate thing you can ever do with someone . 
  that 's really cool . 
  that being said , sex is n't hard to take off the pedestal , because when it comes down to it , sex is * weird * . 
  it 's also about the weirdest thing you can do with someone - interconnecting genitals to produce pleasure that then fires off a lot of chemicals in the brain to make you feel good ? 
  it 's a lot of fun , but it 's odd . 
  there are weird sounds . 
  there can be some funny smells , especially at the end when you 're both all sweaty . 
  sometimes things just do n't go in the right places , and even when they do you spend effort trying to get the damn thing back in again rather than going at it . 
  you get bodily fluids left on the sheets , and probably on yourself , too . 
  sometimes , as a girl you just get * bored * , especially if the guy is just pumping on away . 
  there 's no soft romantic haze a la hollywood and , okay , you 'll feel closer to the other person ( probably , not always guaranteed ) , but there 's not going to be rose petals floating from the ceiling and choirs of angels singing or anything . 
  and the next day you 'll wake up and carry on with the rest of the world , just like everyone else . 
  if you want to wait , and do n't feel ready , then wait !, 
  it 's really no big deal . 
  but if you like this girl and want to share something intimate with her that 's also fun and makes you feel good , then go for it . 
  you never know what your real future will be with her until you give it a go , and the sex you fumble at now will honestly get better and feel emotionally stronger with her in the future . 
  best of luck . 
  none of your business . 
  i know he 's your brother , but decisions like this come down to your parents . 
  they 're not stupid , they 'll know he 's not pulling his weight , as evidenced by your dad getting ratty . 
  they really do n't need you bringing it up to them , as it sounds like you 're insisting on doing . 
  leave it to them , keep your nose out of it and concentrate on what * you 're * doing with your life . 
  not really . 
  i 'm english and i do n't think i 've ever eaten an english muffin . 
  our versions are either [ scones ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01989/scones_intro1_1989462b.jpg ) or [ crumpets ] ( http://www.essentially-england.com/images/crumpets.jpg ) . 
  scones can be sweet or savoury , and traditionally served cold with jam and clotted cream , and crumpets are normally served hot with butter and sometimes other spreads like jam or marmite . 
  yup . 
  like everywhere , london has its lovely sunny days where it 's nice to go and sit in hyde park and have a cold drink , but for most of the year it 's cloudy and a bit grey . 
  where do you live now ? 
  we can give a better comparison . 
  as long as you 're wearing deodorant , i really should n't think anyone will give a toss , quite honestly . 
  why are you even worrying about this ? 
  it 's very much the opposite . 
  the government want to privatise some parts of it like europe have ( and even that is being met with resistance ) , but any large scale privatisation overhaul would go down like a tonne of bricks . 
  most of the media sources use the american system as an example of what people absolutely do not want under any circumstances , or to put it more succinctly , as an example of a privatisation horror story . 
  we take a walk down to the beach on boxing day for the traditional ` boxing day dip ' where locals run into the sea , swim for a bit and then run back out again for charity . 
  i believe the christmas day walk is to get the digestive system moving again after a big christmas dinner . 
  as / u/teh _ yak said , constitution !, 
  the last few chapters in robin hobb 's fools fate where fitz [ major spoiler ] ( #s `` goes back into the pale woman 's palace after they 've released icefyre to go and find the fool 's body . '' ), 
  i was in floods of tears and just could not put it down . 
  most moving chapters i think i 've ever read in a fantasy series . 
  i love going to the cinema by myself . 
  it 's a few hours of total escapism and i really love just sitting in the dark , big surround sound going , involving myself in a massive film and eating shitloads of chocolate . 
  * loki * by mike vasich . 
  not ashamed to say i picked it up after seeing thor 2 , but it was amazing writing , and he really got the character of loki down . 
  it stayed with me for a long long time . 
  i also re-read the * assassins apprentice * and * tawny man * trilogies again by robin hobb , and cried all over again at several places . 
  i just love love love those books . 
  do love those books !, 
  give karen miller a try with her innocent mage series , she 's quite similar to canavan and has a great writing style . 
  they still happen ( although they 're not actually periods , they 're withdrawal bleeds ) , but you can run packs back to back and keep your hormone levels high so as not to trigger a bleed .
