  there 's no time frame for this , just little things like a new dress or a better haircut , or my favourite song on the radio or even mentally noting to myself a smile from a cute guy . 
  little and often . 
  plus , do n't forget , sometimes you just need a * break * from worrying about relationships . 
  i 've been on ok cupid for a while and sometimes i go through stages of being really excited and fixing up dates and seeing guys and asking them out , and then when it does n't work out i get really despondent for a while . 
  but i just take a break , refresh myself and go back to it when i 'm enthusiastic again . 
  if you 're not feeling your best and brightest right now , that 's fine !, 
  you 've asked guys out once , you can do it again . 
  walk away from a little while , get yourself back into a positive place and then try again when you 're ready . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  absolutely agree . 
  you 've been in a habit for six years of `` i 'll lie here and think of england '' while he does his bit . 
  he 's been in a habit of six years of pretty much laying on top of you and doing his bit with someone who is n't keen . 
  you are the * only * sexual partner he 's ever had - you have basically taught him and reinforced to him ` this is what sex is like ' . 
  and then you 're surprised that he does n't get that all of these magical wonderful ideas can make sex better ? 
  * you * know that they can , but how can he ? 
  he 's never tried them before . 
  he 's never had a partner who 's really into sex before . 
  you really , really do need counselling about all of this . 
  they know how to use their fingers in multiple fast-moving positions . 
  done and done . 
  technical and complex is show-offy , and chances are the guy is focusing more on what he 's doing with the guitar to get it right rather than focusing on me . 
  a sweet , folksy song played well , hopefully with a velvety singing voice to boot played * for me * will make me all blushy and melty like a teenager 's first crush . 
  prettiness is so subjective . 
  what you may think is hot and drop-dead gorgeous may be someone elses ` oh my god , avoid like the plague ' . 
  even your ex might have looked at your new ` pretty ' girlfriend and said to her friends `` shit , why is questionaboutfuture2 dating such a * mess * now ? '', 
  sure , go for pretty if you like . 
  no one else has any say in who you choose to date . 
  but if you want long term , prettiness is * temporary * , and no one is going to be thinking the same way as you about your latest fling anyway . 
   i am doing what 's necessary to protect myself . 
  you should not need to * protect * yourself in a healthy relationship . 
   she is sounding really unreasonable in regards to condoms, 
  to be fair , it is unreasonable to refuse to use them , but they have been doing so for the last five years . 
  it 's not like this is six months in or anything . 
  it absolutely can . 
  and two methods of birth control have minimal chance of pregnancy * if used correctly * . 
  and your girlfriend has told you she might well stop using her pills correctly . 
  which means you are just down to one barrier method all over again , which can break or fall off or be punctured . 
  and if that happened , would you trust your girlfriend to take plan b as a backup ? 
  this relationship is not healthy . 
  your conversations do n't sound healthy . 
  you do n't trust the person you are having sex with . 
  she wants children and is already getting close to the end of her really fertile years . 
  this relationship is not going to get healthier by the time you turn 40 , she 's 43 and having to resort to ivf . 
  newsflash : she is not going to reasonably change her mind about the condoms , and you 've just broadcast a massive flashing sign that you no longer trust her . 
  if you do n't want a pregnancy for another ten years , you have three options . 
  1 ) stop having sex with her, 
  2 ) get a vasectomy, 
  3 ) break up . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  they should be having safe sex . 
  but exactly how fun and enjoyable and satisfying is this condomed sex now going to be for them ? 
  she 's going to spend the entire time reminded of how little her boyfriend now trusts her to be responsible about her fertility , and he 's going to be hoping she 's kept up the pills reliably just in case this one breaks . 
  does n't sound very satisfying to me . 
  well - maybe , but not necessarily . 
  i think that sentence is very dependent on * how * it 's said . 
  if a boyfriend approached me with the talk about pregnancy ( and i 'm 28 for what it 's worth ) , i would tell him exactly the same thing just to let him know my position on things . 
  it does n't mean i 'm planning to skip pills and hope for an oopsie , it just means i 'm okay about seeing it through . 
  1 ) we take ages to shop . 
  if i try something on and like it , i buy it . 
  we do n't all dither round shops umming and awhhing all day . 
  2 ) pms makes us crazy unreasonable psychopaths . 
  when i 'm about to meet auntie flo all i really want is chocolate and a bit more sympathy . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  total crap . 
  i love making muffins and cakes and whatnot now and again , but the only real chef in this house is my dad . 
  i 'd quite happily skip cooking pretty much every day if i could . 
  when left to my own devices , my default is pasta , jacket potato or soup . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  i think your ( ex ) girlfriend is a very smart young lady . 
  she 's sat down , thought about what she wants and what you want and realised , on her own terms , that they are very different things . 
  and they are - she wants stability ; you ca n't ( and do n't want to ) give that to her right now . 
  it 's not your responsibility to worry about her life plans . 
  you think she 's going to ruin her future - in what way ? 
  it sounds like it 's exactly the sort of future she wants . 
  might be that in five years she 's married with two kids and is deliriously happy . 
  i 've got friends who are exactly that way . 
  on the other hand , just look at the 29 year old who posted in here yesterday - his girlfriend really wants kids , he 's not happy about it and is paranoid she 's going to get pregnant on her own terms . 
  do you really want that to be you ? 
  you ca n't ` convince ' her round to anything . 
  she 's making the right choice , so are you , and neither one of you are crazy . 
  well he 's kind of right ; depending on the industry you eventually want to go into , degrees are n't the be all and end all . 
  he can even do an ou degree later on in life while he works if he wants to , and they are more than equal to any campus university . 
  it absolutely does n't mean that he is entitled to talk crap about your decisions in life though , especially since stem grads are so desirable right now . 
  just keep telling him `` i like what i 'm doing , and i 'd rather you did n't keep putting down something i 'm working really hard towards . '', 
  then change the subject . 
  more than anything , it sounds like he 's just insecure because you 're getting these qualifications and he 's not . 
  you ca n't really do much to help that , unfortunately - hopefully it 'll die off once he gets his first promotion . 
  of course not . 
  we already wear the trousers , get pixie cut hair cuts and fart as we please , what other manly stuff is there left to do ? 
  most slurs between women i know are reserved for when someone is acting uncommonly rude , not for when they 're acting like a guy . 
  of course not . 
  we get thousands of american tourists each year , we 're so used to them they pretty much just become background noise . 
  you 're also wildly overestimating how much people in london actually talk to strangers . 
  if you 're having a conversation in the pub sure , talk of drones and whatnot might come up . 
  i doubt it , though . 
  if you 're just standing around on the tube , everyone 's pretty much going to ignore you . 
  lots more rolling of the eyes , probably some people telling you you 're batshit and in future a distinct lack of invitations to the pub . 
  i do adult gymnastics !, 
  it 's huge amounts of fun , seeing as i get to bounce on trampolines and do somersaults into foam pits for an hour and a half . 
  it 's a massive full body workout at my own pace , and i 'm both completely covered in sweat and massively satisfied at the end of it .
