  also , having all the bed to myself suits me just fine . 
  i actually much prefer fantasy - swords and sorcery kind of things tick more of my boxes than dystopia and crazy technology . 
  still love star trek though !, 
  i was at that panel last night and it was incredibly interesting !, 
  steven moffat and mark gatiss were both really chatty , and all of the panellists had picked their favourite clip to show . 
  moffat 's was the ` bungee cord ' rooftop dive explanation , which was n't surprising in the least !, 
  a year might seem like a long time to you . 
  it clearly feels just right to her . 
  if you feel like it 's too much to ask , you 're perfectly within your rights to break up with her and go find another girl who does n't want to wait so long . 
  it 's probably a better idea than sulking or indirectly pressuring her because you want it sooner than she feels ready for . 
  i 'm showing my dog on sunday at crufts , which is the biggest dog show in the world . 
  if i 'm nervous then he feels it down the lead and we both do n't do as well as we could ( because we both need to be calm ) , but it 's * crufts * !, 
  all those people watching !, 
  also , i * still * need to buy a cute new pair of trousers to wear from it , and i do n't know when i 'm going to fit in the time to shop . 
  i need sartorial resolution , stat . 
  oh my god i 'm so glad other people get this . 
  slightly nerve wracking situation ? 
  watery bowels !, 
  great . 
  beans on toast , with melted cheese on top . 
  simple , quick and * so goddamn good * . 
  ** omg primer **, 
  i will never put on my face without primer again . 
  it smooths your skin pre-foundation , helps it stay on longer and helps keep in your moisturiser too . 
  also , eyelid primer . 
  i hardly wear eyeshadow at all now , just eyelid primer , a quick curl and a lick of mascara . 
  bingo , happy eyes . 
  seriously . 
  primer . 
  just do it . 
  benefits lemon aid . 
  its a lovely colour base and it lasts forever . 
  honestly , i use it every single day and one pot probably lasts me a whole year , if not more . 
  it 's amazing stuff . 
  i give mine a quick blast with a hairdryer . 
  i 'd also argue that if you watch caesar milan 's videos with the sound off and just look at the body language of the dog he 's working with , you do n't see a confident , respectful dog who is looking for leadership , you see a scared , nervous dog who does n't know where the next ` tap ' is coming from . 
  i agree with / u/jourtney that positive reinforcement takes a bit more time , but gets * far * more results than caesar 's techniques do . 
  i crush mine a little against the edge of the mug before i take it out , just to get rid of the worst drippy bits . 
  same . 
  it 's kind of our default humour , i think . 
  like ` the wrong kind of leaves ' or something . 
  i do n't really like childish people , no . 
  immaturity generally fucks me off , but i 've got quite a dry sense of humour so i just do n't really see what 's funny about running around laughing at farts and wobbly bits all the time . 
  squashy and nice , but too too big . 
  back pain and a lack of cute button up shirts annoys me . 
  socks and tights . 
  seriously , where do they all * go * ? 
  i buy packs of the damn things and then two weeks later i 'm all out of socks , all out of tights and really annoyed . 
  more tights please . 
  erk , because i 'm an idiot and have n't checked my ctrl + c before i clicked save . 
  changed now , thank you !, 
  hope you have the most amazing time !, 
  retrievers and spaniels wo n't be showing , of course , but you can find them in discover dogs which i * love * . 
  wear comfy shoes and layers and see as much as you can !, 
  you 're going to have so much fun . 
  absolutely the dogs are at dd to be petted and made a fuss of , it 's why they 're there !, 
  with the dogs that are on the benches and there to be shown , always ask beforehand . 
  some might have just been groomed or just been in/come out of the ring . 
  most owners wo n't mind at all , but always best to be polite and ask if you can fuss first . 
  i have two right now . 
  number one is the us , specifically oklahoma city , to see a very close friend who i have n't seen in six years . 
  i miss her !, 
  return flights alone are about # 500 though , and i do n't have a grand to put down on a holiday visit . 
  number two is new zealand because beautiful scenery and hobbits . 
  and because kiwis are cool . 
  irish setters are hard work for sure , and they 're very boisterous but i do n't think they 're that much harder or have more energy than a springer spaniel . 
  they do involve a bit more grooming , though !, 
  i have an english setter and he is a total pain in the neck sometimes , but he 's also spread-eagled out beside me in the office and snoozing away like he does most days . 
  it 's all about finding the right mix . 
  no , and no . 
  drunk customers are the least horn-inducing thing on the planet . 
  the fool from robin hobb 's farseer and tawny man series . 
  oh , and the other appearances too . 
  i just love the fool . 
  he 's so incredibly enigmatic , and for a primary character who currently spans nine books , we know so little about him !, 
  he 's intensely private , and hobb absolutely helps him keep his cards so close to his chest , which always makes me want to know so much more . 
  i think i love the fool more than most simply because he is * so * loyal and loves so deeply , whilst absolutely having this single minded vision of doing what needs to be done , no matter what . 
  we see him always want to take care of people too - shrewd , fitz , girl on a dragon - while never really letting anyone take care of him . 
  hobb 's given him a wickedly sharp sense of humour and i love that . 
  he 's just a beautifully written character , and one of my all time favourites in any genre . 
  he would be the * most * dramatic thespian ever . 
  it 's all look at me look at me ohgoddontevenlookatmeleavemealone look at me nowww . 
  and when he had man flu ... dear god , he 'd be the neediest , * most * ill person you ever met . 
  he 'd also be the one stealing all the milk and pizzas out of the fridge and never replacing them . 
  but when i had a bad day and he brought me something nice to cheer me up ( which he does now , awww ) then i 'd forgive him and we 'd be okay . 
  i go after work , because keeping my energy up is the only way i can manage it . 
  if i come home and sit down in front of the tv , i can guarantee i wo n't get up again . 
  i go and do gymnastics for an hour and a half on friday evenings , and my main motivation for doing it is that i know how much i love it when i 'm there . 
   few months ago i broke up with her, 
  you 've already broken up with her , then . 
  just because you decided then it was a temporary measure does n't mean that you have to be stuck with that now . 
  apologise via phone call , email or letter if you really do n't want to meet up , tell her `` i 'm sorry , but i think this separation needs to be permanent '' and get on with things . 
  you need * both * partners to want to be involved for a relationship to work . 
  if she wants it but you 're dreading it , it 's never going to happen . 
  give yourself a break , make your split permanent and go breathe a sigh of relief . 
  [ this photo ] ( http://i2.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article3213134.ece/alternates/s615/first-day-of-crufts-3213134.jpg ) of droopy drooly cuddly newfoundlands at crufts 2014 . 
  or [ this great dane ] ( http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article3213136.ece/alternates/s2197/first-day-of-crufts-3213136.jpg ) giving his owner a hug in the ring . 
  awwww . 
  okay , calm down . 
  you are 22 .
