  it feels to me like americans are very much `` you 're 18 , stand on your own two feet '' and others are a bit more laissez-faire about the whole situation . 
  chocolate . 
  always . 
  nothing else is an option . 
  30g reporting in . 
  juggs away !, 
  i have n't seen the film adaption of * war horse * but i have done a bit of work with the london stage production , and it 's incredibly moving . 
  the horse puppets in particular are wonderful . 
  and * tawny man * !, 
  i 'm re-reading it at the moment and had totally forgotten just how badass kettricken , starling and elliania all are . 
  oh , and nettle . 
  and jinna 's attitude to sex is entirely refreshing , too . 
  molly can go jump but the rest are great strong characters . 
  ugghhhh triple town . 
  so simple , so brilliant and * so obnoxious * . 
  bebbled , dragon fly ! . 
  especially the second one . 
  it 's stupidly fun whizzing a baby dragon up and down hills for points . 
  go with your gut . 
  really . 
  things do n't always have to feel logical , but they do have to feel * right * . 
  if something is n't working for you , fix it or drop it . 
  you 've got so many years to do things . 
  you do n't have to have your life figured out right now . 
  you can change it anywhere down the line . 
  i 'm 28 and have had two career changes already . 
  my mum is in her 50s and changed her whole career six years ago . 
  in the same vein , do n't stress about relationships and marriage . 
  even if you met your one true love today , with life expectancy of our generation up to around 100 now , that 's * eighty years * you 'd be spending with them . 
  there 's no rush . 
  selfishness is such a hard thing to define and say whether it 's good or not . 
  i think in your 20s , when you generally have n't got life changing responsibilities like children it 's better to be a bit more selfish and do things that you want to do , when you want to do them . 
  obviously that does n't mean turn into a massive bitch or anything , but you 're right that people need to take care of themselves and their own well being . 
  i tend to just focus on one guy at a time , though i might have some names of people i like in the back of my skull . 
  i have fancied multiple guys at the same time before , though . 
  yup . 
  i work for my dad , am in the office by myself with one other person ( and the dog ) most of the time , but i still put makeup on every day . 
  i do n't feel comfortable meeting other people without it on , and to be honest that probably all ties back to ongoing insecurity about my skin . 
  lunch . 
  it 's gone midday and i 'm * starving * . 
  preferably with a nice big bar of galaxy chocolate . 
  i 've not dated anyone who did that , but i have had a one night stand come from it before . 
  you can search on the [ national trust ] ( http://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/ ) website for historic places near to you , and they 're always very well maintained . 
  [ english heritage ] ( http://www.english-heritage.org.uk/ ) are another organisation who look after historic sites and open them to the public . 
  i 'm very close to my parents and do lots of things with them - i 'm doing a charity walk with my mum tomorrow , and share a hobby in dog showing with my dad so we do a lot of that together . 
  i also work for my dad , so i need to get along pretty well with them !, 
  i 'm glad we have such a positive relationship . 
  i always get along well with my younger brother , but we are * such * different people that i think it 's hard for us to relate a lot of the time . 
  i love him , but i would n't actually count him among my friends . 
  plus , whenever we 're in each others company for more than fifteen minutes i tend to feel like we regress around each other to being ten years old again . 
  ahahahahaha no , not a chance . 
  i smack myself upside the head and wonder how i was ever attracted to him in the first place . 
  i had weird man taste when i was 16 . 
  i 'm 28 , and i 'd probably go up to 37ish . 
  maybe 40 . 
  i would n't date anyone below 27 , though . 
   that 's just how i am . 
  sounds like `` mr. 
  perfect '' ? 
  a bf who you wo n't have to get mad at for staring at some girl with `` a nice body '' , because he does n't value those things like a ` normal guy '', 
  listen . 
  talking as a 28 year old lady , i am * more * than happy for any guys i date to appreciate other ladies who look good . 
  i appreciate other men who look good . 
  i like the male body . 
  it 's * okay * for you , and your girlfriends to look at other people . 
  just do n't go about touching them in ways the other person does n't like , and you 're fine . 
  also , you 're not mr perfect . 
  you 're just a 19 year old guy who is n't particularly sexually driven , is all . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  what you * are * dangerously close to slipping in to is mr nice guy , and that 's not an attractive quality . 
  do n't look for someone to be codependent on - it 's not emotionally healthy for you , or for them . 
  your exes might be exes , but they had the right idea - you need to be independent . 
  by the time you get to your thirties and forties , you 're not going to find an oag - you 're going to find a woman who wants you to stand on your own two feet . 
  be that person . 
  not the clingy one . 
  i tend to be more touchy when i 'm flirting - a hand on the shoulder or the arm . 
  i lean in more . 
  i touch my face or play with my hand more . 
  another really * really * good flirting tactic is mirroring . 
  be aware of it , or use it . 
  when we like someone or feel comfortable around someone we unconsciously mirror their body language - the same legs crossed maybe , or both touching their hair . 
  have a look around a restaurant or cafe next time and see how other couples are sitting and how similar their actions are . 
  you 'll probably be surprised at how alike people are if they 're comfortable together . 
  use this to your advantage - if you see the person you 're talking to copying how you 're sitting or standing , then they like you . 
  if you want them to feel more comfortable , subtly copy * them * . 
  if i 'm flirting with a guy and he leans forward on the table , so do i. 
  it 's not massive overt gestures , it 's just sort of adopting the same thing they 're doing . 
  it 's a really good guide just to keep in the back of your mind . 
  because i have n't found someone who i am really into it who is available or interested in me yet . 
  plus , online dating is a shit ton of work and i 'm a bit sick of it right now . 
  also my social circle is an hour away and i 'm in the office by myself most of the time so chances to meet friends of friends are a little limited . 
  lion bars . 
  green and blacks butterscotch chocolate . 
  galaxy bars . 
  why would i buy healthy sweets ? 
  completely defeats the point of them being sweets , would n't it ? 
  yeah . 
  i had an unexpected one night stand with an american guy a few years back . 
  no strings . 
  except i think i gave him my email or something because he added me on * everything * , even though i never talked to him .
