  these always cheer me up . 
  [ the barn dance ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tygmmpbwfja&amp;list=flz_gsc2bo7h6znm9uucmcyw&amp;feature=share&amp;index=8 ) from seven brides for seven brothers . 
  [ springboks pronking !, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/0-_jth_ctrk ) ( it is a bbc youtube video , so might be region locked ? ), 
  that . 
  amazing . 
  the dog grooming grandma is fantastic !, 
  i just watched that three times in a row and laughed like a loon every single time . 
  oh my god . 
  i love this . 
  i love the angle he falls over at !, 
  awww that 's so sweet . 
  i love his way of speaking . 
  awww her little face !, 
  that 's so cute . 
  i love that buggy old thing . 
  i 've got two favourite skyrim videos , this [ rather gorgeous trailer ] ( http://youtu.be/h1r5ru3dppg ) and the brilliant one about [ how to save roggvir in solitude ] ( http://youtu.be/faxpau3qigu ) . 
   wo n't ever attract a romantic partner . 
  that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  you 're twenty . 
  if you live to eighty , are you really saying that no one is going to find you attractive for the next * sixty years * ? 
  if you want to keep hanging out with your friends , keep inviting them to do stuff with you . 
  people in relationships need to keep their own friends too , and it 's far from guaranteed that all of your coupled friends now will still be coupled friends even in the next five years . 
  besides , they 'll probably know other single men who would be a good fit for you . 
  just keep an open mind , do n't close yourself off from your friends because of some daft ` couples have each other / i 'm forever alone ' notion and you 'll be fine . 
  no , if you 've booked for a specific train then you have to get that train . 
  that 's how you get the tickets so cheaply . 
  yup . 
  it was * very * short , rather uninteresting , and i broke up with him not long afterwards . 
  he destroys towels and his bed . 
  as in , he tears them apart and scatters them all over the floor . 
  constantly . 
  also , he 's eaten my kindle once already and chewed the edges off of two others , plus the bottom of the kitchen remote control . 
  how he has n't electrocuted himself already i do * not * know . 
  hah i do that too , except it drives him up the wall and makes him bark even more !, 
  it 's sort of a backward cycle . 
  i live in essex , south-east england, 
  pros : - lovely countryside and landscapes , generally dry weather , small village atmosphere , lovely seaside living , lots of good restaurants around , easy to get to london , lots of cool cities within a couple of hours drive . 
  cons : - very flat landscape , takes ages to get to the rest of the country , quite high house prices , the ` essex stereotype ' , tiny village community where everyone knows everyone , * so much gossip * , overrun by tourists in the summer , no real winter . 
  the main thing to remember about discworld is that so much of it is satire , and that its author is british . 
  the humour is always going to be dry and just a little bit black , which makes it much more suited to adult readers who are going to catch those references and see what he 's really getting at . 
  pterry is just amazing at pulling out a little detail and subverting it - his golems are a version of hex and robots who work for humans , but have their own agendas , for instance . 
  vetinari is ( on first look ) a cruel , cold ruler of ankh morpork in the style of machiavelli but there is so much more to the character that actually makes him incredibly likeable and humourous . 
  i 'd also say start with one of the core group books like * witches abroad * or * guards !, 
  guards !, 
  * and go from there . 
  my personal favourites are the city watch , so i 'd recommend * guards * as a beginning point . 
  you can get really cheap return weekend flights on easyjet to edinburgh out of stansted if you book in advance , and it 's a perfect weekend break city . 
  it was a bad decision . 
  you took it because you thought `` well , i 'm going to have fun and maybe meet some guys , and he 'll just be sitting around like he always does , there 's no threat there . '', 
  and now he 's doing what you said - i.e. , freely seeing girls if he chose to . 
  there 's no point calling this other girl a slut because she 's not , the same as you would n't be a slut if you ended up sleeping with other guys on your trip . 
  you gave him the freedom to sleep with someone else , no matter what ` spirit ' you intended it to be in . 
  you did n't expect him to actually go and do that . 
  you made your own bed unfortunately - i 'm afraid you 're really just going to have to lay in it . 
  i 'm not sure there 's much you can do at this point other than trying to put it out of your mind and enjoying the rest of your trip . 
  you ca n't do anything about what he 's doing now , after all , and you 're only two weeks in to your three months away . 
  maybe you will end up meeting your own ` free pass ' , but you ca n't do that if you 're steaming about the fact that your boyfriend is doing what you allowed him to do . 
   tory has been so unhelpful , basically telling me to grow up and that i got what i asked for . 
  no shit ?!, 
  people arent allowed to change their minds or regret their decisions ?!, 
  sure they are . 
  the difference here , unfortunately , is that you are now stuck with your decision ( that you freely made and introduced ) and not a huge amount of leverage either way to change anything . 
  i am sorry , this sucks , but other than riding it out and realising that you got what you asked for , you ca n't really do anything about it . 
  look , if you do n't ask , you 'll never know , and what 's the worst than can happen ? 
  if she turns you down you have n't lost anything seeing as you were n't going out with her in the first place . 
  how do you know she does n't fancy you ? 
  just invite her out somewhere and see what happens . 
  good luck !, 
  my puppy henry has just been sitting barking at me to come and play with him , so i know he loves me for that at least . 
  otherwise yeah , i feel pretty loved . 
  my family show me they love me in lots of different ways - they say so , give me hugs , make me cups of tea , bring me thoughtful little gifts occasionally - even just a bar of chocolate every now and again counts as a gift to me . 
  i do n't see my best friends much but we text or talk on skype and tell each other we miss each other , little things like that . 
  it 's never very grandiose statements of love and closeness , but lots of little ones scattered over time . 
  i 'm 28 and i 've not had a long term proper relationship since i was about eighteen . 
  i tend to go from dysfunctional short term fling to failed date to dysfunctional short term fling with long ( multiple year ) long periods of total independant singledom inbetween . 
  i 'm good at being single and i like it , but i 'm definitely ready to try investing myself in a proper relationship again soon . 
  i 'm exactly the same ( hourglass to the max ) . 
  i ca n't wear any of the adorable peter-pan collar high neck dresses that are in all of the shops right now because i look faarrrr too frumpy and top heavy in them , but when i find a v-neck , waist-cinching dress that 's tailored to my shape ? 
  i look * fucking amazing * . 
  totally worth it . 
  i 'd hardly say it 's awful . 
  it 's the same as going through a clothes rack and disregarding something because you do n't like the colour . 
  i 'm always going to skip past yellow tops because i do n't like wearing yellow . 
  i 'm also always going to skip past tops with high necks because i do n't suit those . 
  when i spot a square neck or v-neck red top though , i am almost always going to try it on . 
  clothes only stay cute when they suit you . 
  a top can be the most adorable item of clothing in the world on the hanger , but if i try it on and it does n't look good any more , it 's no longer cute , because it 's not cute * on me * . 
  does that make sense ? 
  it 's always worked for me when i go to the states or meet other americans . 
  funnily enough when i worked on a cruise ship i became even * more * english because of all of the nice comments i got about my accent . 
  i also got a lot of people mimicking me , but that was by the by . 
  most of it is a scrawl , but my initial p is mostly discernible at the start , and then the rest is kind of a loop and then a wiggly line going backwards through it . 
  not exactly creative but it 's habit now . 
  well i do n't have an so , so i wear whatever i like whenever i please , but i 'm not sure many women here would be in relationships with sos who * expect * them to wear anything . 
  can you clarify what you mean a bit more by ` expect ' ? 
   do you think u fit the mold to conform or more like an fu type ? 
  i do n't dress outlandishly or to a particular sub genre like goth or hipster , if that 's what you mean . 
  my style is more english country chic than anything - i like skinny jeans , equestrian boots and fitted tops , polo shirts or woolly jumpers . 
  i 'm firmly of the opinion that if other people turn up their noses at what i wear , then they 're not worth my time .
