  i 'm pretty sure i have n't got it , but still . 
  i 'd just like to knowwww . 
  also , how the fuck did people stand having to wait by their phones all evening for someone to call ? 
  it 's driving me batty !, 
  not at all . 
  you already know that romantic gestures are n't working . 
  you have done them endlessly , and you 've already seen for yourself that she is not interested in them . 
  a sappy email is n't going to make the slightest bit of difference . 
  actually , it 's probably going to make it worse , because it 's just showing her that you 're doing the same things over and over again . 
  is she expecting that by giving you this hall pass , she 'll have the same expectations for her trip ? 
  are you okay with her potentially sleeping with someone else ? 
  because it sounds like she 's told you that you can go and find sex elsewhere so that she 's got a clear conscience about doing it herself . 
  i 'm embarrassed to say how many years , quite honestly . 
  i really enjoy dating and had a few ( terrible ) short term relationships , but i 've just not found someone who fits me for a long term partner yet . 
  i 'm not embarrassed at all about being single , and i 'm great at being independent , but i really would like to settle down sometime soon . 
  you 're year 13 . 
  you need to pass your a-levels . 
  go to school . 
  it might be no fun for you not giving 100 % , but now its also no fun for your friends when they 're getting battered by your 100 % battering ram . 
  which matters more ? 
  so you shave or wax all of your pubic hair , armpit hair and leg hair , do you ? 
  regularly and consistently ? 
  would n't want your girlfriend to have to give three blowjobs a week to someone with pubic hair , right ? 
  that would just be mean . 
  i expect you must wear some foundation around the house too , just to keep your appearance looking good , right ? 
  oh , and i 'm glad minor weightless is * okay * to you . 
  got to be fair , right ? 
  also , cake is for * everyone * at whatever age . 
  what do you have against cake ? 
  what did it ever do to you ? 
  you asked us if your expectations are too high . 
  yes , they are too high . 
  part of being human is allowing yourself to relax and indulge yourself every so often . 
  that includes cake . 
  it includes beer . 
  it includes not bring perpetually waxed , model fit and wearing makeup . 
  you are asking too much , dude . 
  have standards for yourself , but expecting the person you are in a relationship with to match up to all of these all the time is * too much * . 
  no one is perfect . 
  everyone is allowed a holiday . 
  live a little . 
  let your girlfriend breathe !, 
  the c25k running app is great for getting you off the sofa and starting running at a steady pace . 
  otherwise , just find some nice long rambling walks and start going for at least a half hour walk every day . 
  totally free and easy . 
  sebastian is * such * a brilliant actor and perfect casting for bucky . 
  he says , what , twenty words in catws , but you know every single tiny thing his character is thinking . 
  you knew exactly what bucky was going through in tfa too , and the way stan takes him from an upbeat fresh soldier in ny to a shaking , resolute veteran fighting on the train is really just flawless . 
  i really ca n't wait to see more of the winter soldier in civil war . 
  it 's going to be amazing !, 
  edit : i also love how so far in his civil war interviews , sebastian never seems to have referred to bucky as ` bucky ' . 
  he 's always ` that guy ' or ` the guy is ' . 
  he really * gets * where his character is , and i love it . 
  i * love * political animals . 
  such a great mini series and sebastian is so good !, 
  i 'm in england . 
  there 's massive uproar about the government is making to the nhs , especially now that they 've stopped negotiating with unions and have decided to just force through their decisions anyway . 
  it 's massively against public opinion but they do n't care . 
  oh , and a major national paper is ceasing printing and will just be online from now on . 
  digital age and all that . 
   i did most of my exploring and soul-searching in high school, 
  honestly , in five years time you 're going to look back at that comment and realise how completely ridiculous it is . 
  you have no * idea * how much your twenties are going to teach you about yourself and the world . 
  all i can really say is do n't take yourself too seriously . 
  you 're not done growing yet , not by a long way . 
  get your degree , move cities , go exploring , and learn as much as you can from other people . 
  half of your post is talking about how much you taught your girlfriends , but * you * need to learn things too to be a well-rounded person . 
  go on dates if you want to , do n't go on them if you do n't . 
  it 's completely up to you . 
  you might find someone who wants to settle down the same as you , and you might not find them for a good few years yet . 
  as long as you 're doing what * you * want to do and you 're getting to where you want to go , that 's the main thing . 
  hugely . 
  i am absolutely not the same person now at 30 than i was at 16 . 
  i 'm much calmer and * much * less frantic than teenage me , far more responsible , and also take more responsibility on myself too . 
  i forget things less , i make more time for family , and i 'm a hundred times more secure in myself as a person than i was as a teenager . 
  i still get spacey and daydream all the time , and i 'll still procrastinate like anything , but the difference now is that in the end i will buckle down and get my work done to a good standard . 
  for me , the real change was when i went to the us and was a camp counsellor for the summer when i was 18 . 
  i guess looking after a bunch of teenagers for six weeks really chimed with something in my head , because my parents said i was completely different when i came back . 
  it 's just gone on from there , really . 
  i mean , he 's ginger . 
  why should we be nice ? 
  i know america likes its big brother responsible role , but how can you take seriously the claim that american money is the * only * thing propping up european stability ? 
  we can run ourselves perfectly well , you know . 
  as for point two about the recession - yes , it has made things extremely difficult for countries like spain , ireland and greece - but what about germany , who has stayed pretty stable , or switzerland , austria , or belgium ? 
  as usual for opinion articles , the article is making sweeping generalisations with absolutely nothing whatsoever to back up its arguments . 
  i 'm reading up on teaching significance as part of history , and effective methods of assessment in the classroom . 
  my next essay is due on wednesday , so lots of educational learning for me !, 
  yeah , i definitely agree with you about the start of the trailer . 
  i have no idea what ` one batch two batch ' means , for one thing . 
  i love everything after the shot of frank staring at the carousel , though . 
  i 'd forgotten to pay my housemate money that i owe for bills , so i just opened a banking app on my phone , picked my account and her name , typed the amount in and pressed a button . 
  instant transfer , bang boom done , took me ten whole seconds and she gets twenty quid straight into her bank account . 
  i do the same every month for my rent to my landlord , and pay my phone bill by listening to an automated recording and pressing 1 a lot . 
  like , what the fuck . 
  in the uk . 
  i 'd agree that we 're * pretty * close to the us in beauty standard idealism , but with less ... perfectionism ? 
  i think our newsreaders definitely look less airbrushed than us ones ( i swear it 's the hair ) and we 're not so much about the white white teeth . 
  other than that , it 's basically your standard western ideal . 
  yeah , we do like our gritty realism . 
  our tv shows are very much about the average working class/middle class person ( well , other than escape to the country ) rather than all the rich , pretty people .
