  [ and he 's the soppiest baby in the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z5mfcif.jpg ), 
  [ i mean , just look at those puppy dog eyes !, 
  they really are the best breed . 
  we 've always had es since before i was born , and i 'm definitely going to get one of my own in a few years . 
  i 'm really not sure about the biddability thing though ; that 's usually the last word i 'd apply to them !, 
  they were bred to hunt independently , so you 're not always the most interesting thing to pay attention to . 
  that 's part of their charm for me , though . 
  what a beauty < 3, 
  i 've got no loyalty to my first undergrad uni . 
  they got rid of my campus and course once they 'd been accredited as a university instead of a college , despite some of our courses having a hundred percent graduate employment rate . 
  my second uni was the open university , which is a distance learning organisation and i 'm really grateful to them . 
  i 'd study through them again in the future , definitely . 
  my postgrad uni i 'm mostly ambivalent about as i was only on campus for a third of the course . 
  they were good , but i 've got no real loyalty to them . 
  a fitness buddy up app . 
  i 'd like to find running/cycling/gym companions in my area , but it 's hard !, 
  treat us as normal and do n't make any ` hurr durr , on the rag ' jokes ? 
  i mean , i do n't generally go around telling my friends when i 'm visiting aunt flo . 
  as a partner , just have paracetamol available and be willing to nip out to the shops if necessary to grab some pads/tampons . 
  a period is something we 're pretty used to , after all . 
  it sounds like you need to get used to bring single for a while first . 
  if you 're comparing every other woman to your ex then you 're not over her , and that 's not fair to other girls . 
  a month is n't a long time . 
  do n't worry about finding someone new right now . 
  work with being single and being okay with yourself first of all . 
  also , travel is n't boring and most girls i know are n't partiers or wear lots of makeup . 
  you need to get over yourself , too . 
  which is why not jumping straight back into dating is the best thing for you . 
  you 're not ready to be developing * anything * with other girls unless it 's a rebound fwb situation . 
  your ex was n't perfect . 
  she 's not totally different from every other girl in the world , and you do n't need a replacement of her , believe me . 
  you 're just grieving and * that 's okay * . 
  give yourself time to get over her and focus on being single before you go back to dating . 
  also , think of it this way : any sensible woman will be able to read from a * mile * off on any first date that you 're not over your ex . 
  they wo n't want to get messed up with that at all . 
  what exactly was the funny bit about your ` joke ' ? 
  where was the punchline where people were supposed to laugh ? 
  from where i 'm sitting , your joke was an immature and inappropriate comment where you were trying to make yourself look cool , and it did n't work . 
  not only that , it was hurtful and cruel to a brother who you 're lucky to still even have around . 
  who are these people who need to hear ` the truth ' , and what truth is that ? 
  you have * no idea * how your brother 's dating life is going to end up . 
  you fix this by going to your brother and apologising * sincerely * for your comment . 
  he 's the only one who really needs to forgive you for this . 
  some really soft cotton cropped pyjama trousers , either with an old work polo shirt or no top . 
  i like at least wearing something on my bottom half . 
  the little mermaid , specifically ursula the sea witch . 
  that lady is * scary * . 
  and no , i still ca n't watch it now . 
  the ticker said it was the [ lac de neuchatel . 
  ] ( http://www.myswitzerland.com/en-gb/lake-neuchatel-murten.html ), 
  hahaha unfortunately not !, 
  he 's got very itchy skin right now , so he has to wear the collar to stop him scratching himself too much and making bits bleed . 
  he 's actually very good about having it on , poor thing . 
  i 'm afraid i really have no idea about hunting , as i do n't do it myself . 
  i just know the breed history !, 
  he 's a laverack es , which is the show type and the much more popular line in the uk . 
  the us and italy tends to have more llewellin lines , which are the working types . 
  and you 're right - i 'd own a gundog any day too . 
  spent the evening before my 30th in london with close friends . 
  i 'd invited quite a few people and only eight eventually came , but they were the best eight so i did n't care . 
  stayed overnight at my best friends afterwards and saw in midnight by cracking open a bottle of expensive bubbly and eating chips . 
  met my mum later that day on my actual 30th , had lunch together and then went to see an amazing production of treasure island at the national theatre . 
  it was great , and i spent all of it with my favourite people in the world . 
  love this answer !, 
  what a perfect way to see in your birthday . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  losing a pet is always awful . 
  for me , i found it really helped to talk to my parents about our dogs . 
  keeping an open channel of conversation meant we could all share stories , good and bad , and grieve together . 
  even now i find it really comforting to talk about our old dogs and get a little teary about it , even when our last loss was over five years ago . 
  op , you 're only stalling by asking us this question . 
  you * know * what it is you have to do . 
  you 've always known that it 's going to end up this way . 
  none of us are going to tell you to keep up your lies . 
  i would just recommend that you come clean as soon as possible to rip off the band aid . 
  do n't drag it out . 
  it 's going to be horrible , but it 's the only way either of you can live real lives . 
  i 'm sorry - but it really is only your fault . 
  i 'm honestly more annoyed by that stupid hiddleston/swift staged romance than by the kardashian stuff . 
  mostly because it went from 0 to 1000 % overnight , and he 's been papped walking around with an ' i < 3 ts ' shirt on . 
  i mean , come on . 
  i just watched it earlier !, 
  it 's vuelta 2015 , and ( i * think * ) episode 5 . 
  okay , there 's lots of different things going on here . 
  1 ) you 're still * incredibly * young . 
  your relationship may not survive you going to university , or you two going into your twenties . 
  you 'll grow up . 
  you 'll change . 
  * that 's okay * . 
  just do n't make major life decisions now based on your current relationship . 
  2 ) what benefits will you get by putting off your university course to ease his separation anxiety ? 
  at what point will he say ` okay , let 's go to belfast now ' ? 
  if he 's cutting off contact with his family anyway , why does n't he just move to belfast with you while you 're at university ? 
  why are you the one postponing uni ? 
  what makes his life choices more important than yours ? 
  3 ) being away from your family for the first time is awful and really , really hard . 
  in my first year of uni , my now best friend was on the phone to her parents every . 
  single . 
  day . 
  she hated bring apart from them .
