  i do n't celebrate st george 's day , i do n't have any flags or anything with a union jack on , and i can see a lot of things that we have done wrong in our history or are doing now . 
  i do n't know - - patriotism feels like a more forceful word than i 'm really comfortable with . 
  huge dislike . 
  i make the choice about who i marry , not my dad . 
  i would find it * very * disrespectful if they asked my dad about marriage before they asked me . 
  i like her winter soldier hair much better !, 
  i think it looks too crispy and excess hairsprayed in this one . 
  i wear spanx underneath my dresses . 
  they 're quite light , so do n't really make me any hotter than i already feel . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i like to go back to my parents every couple of weeks to see them and the dogs , and my mum and i talk on the phone at least once a week . 
  the older i get , the closer i get to them . 
  i love them all to bits . 
  i must have been really lucky then - i 'm a history nqt and my job is at a brilliant school in a good location that suited me perfectly . 
  the others on my pgce course seem to have landed on their feet too . 
  if op is on the right training course , then i do n't see a reason they could n't end up with a good history job . 
  you are definitely right about history teachers sticking around for yonks though !, 
  everyone else in my department has been hod at some point , and one of them is ( i think ) the longest serving member of staff at the school . 
  i 'm an nqt who trained at the uea pgce course , which has a really excellent reputation . 
  history is competitive , yes , but a good course will help you get where you want to go . 
  we seem to have a particularly strong contingent here in east anglia , with lots of history teachers in this area leading conferences and contributing to industry publications . 
  if you really want to be in the job , get plenty of experience , find a great course that will train you well , and give it a go . 
  first degree : best network connections to the industry i wanted to work in , excellent graduate employment rate for that industry ( 99 % ) and it was in edinburgh , which is an amazing city that i fell in love with instantly . 
  it was actually my insurance choice offer ( in the uk you end up narrowing your acceptance choices to 2 ) , and my first choice uni also had the best networking connections and graduate employment rate . 
  second degree : the open university is a distance learning university with a great reputation . 
  it was just what i needed at the time . 
  postgrad : excellent graduate employment rate in the industry ( 99-100 % ) , very well regarded for teaching training courses , in a great city ( norwich ) and within a couple of hours of family . 
  i do n't go out much , but as i get older i find that 's less of a need anyway . 
  i prefer to be at home , at my familys , or at a friends house if i 'm going somewhere . 
  most of my spend after rent and bills goes on food and petrol . 
  i like to treat myself by eating tasty things and only buying occasional clothes . 
  layer cake . 
  it tends to alternate how its feeling each day/morning/afternoon . 
  wow , that 's quite the leap of faith !, 
  what uni did you end up in , out of curiosity ? 
  robin hobb 's ` elderlings ' series , starting with * assassins apprentice * , for no better reason than robin is genuinely one of the fantasy genre 's best ever writers . 
  her characters are incredible ( particularly her great women and genderfluid characters ) , the worlds she creates are so powerful and her books will burrow their way into your heart . 
  my brother had a particular cafetiere on his wedding registry , so i got him that . 
  i do n't have much spare cash so it was the best quality cheap thing i could afford , and i know how much he loves his coffee . 
  since i turned 21 . 
  so , 11 years now . 
  wooo . 
  to be fair , she was about 13 and not the sharpest knife in the drawer , but i had an american teenager once ask me if london was in belgium . 
  yes , really . 
  mine was ben gummer , but he got chucked out and i ca n't remember the name of the labour guy who replaced him . 
  pretty sure it 's bernard jenkins for my parent 's constituency . 
  i 'm a secondary school teacher . 
  i love how each day is different and the kids always surprise you . 
  i also love how much ongoing training goes into teaching . 
  we as staff are always talking to each other about how to improve , and i really enjoy the constant reflection on what we do as a school and how it can be bettered . 
  cpd is so important for people to thrive in their fields . 
  hey , do n't worry !, 
  the manager told you very quietly and privately so that you could be aware and fix it without any more fuss . 
  she clearly really likes you working there - focus on the fact she said you were hard working , helpful and eager . 
  those are great words !, 
  and i promise those words are not outweighed by a bit of sweat . 
  use your prescription antiperspirant . 
  wash your clothes , and go back in , ready to start another day working hard . 
  ask for a reference when you leave - i bet you 'll get a good one , too . 
  do n't let this knock you back . 
  everyone has done something at work that seriously embarrasses them , even years later . 
  this was just your learning curve is all . 
  you would also have to apply for visas to work in other countries , and that does take time . 
  as you 're talking about majors and schools , i 'm guessing you 're american , and ca n't necessarily do the european availability of turning up in a country and settling down . 
  visas also need money , which you would be spending if you were travelling , rather than saving if you were working . 
  i get the desire to focus on the career you want , i really do . 
  i went into the badly paying theatre industry after uni and i loved the work i did . 
  however , i also had a theatre job lined up straight after uni , and that paid for my first year of living . 
  you do n't . 
  that means you need to take a hard look at exactly * how * you would pay for this travelling that you want to do , and what you would do after any current funds you have run out . 
  a hard lesson of growing up is that money can disappear * much * faster than you expect . 
  it is sort of , yes . 
  not * totally * unrealistic , but getting a job in a different country really is going to be more difficult than you expect . 
  / r/iwantout is a really good sub for looking at how you 'd apply for visas in different countries , and how likely job prospects are for your age and experience level . 
  looking at it as a brit , we do make it exceptionally hard for people outside the eu to get visas , and we 're most likely going to make it hard for citizens in the eu to get visas , too . 
  why should a british company pay money to hire an inexperienced american fresh out of uni ? 
  you 're going to face that sort of issue in a lot of different countries , and being in the country on a tourist visa first is n't going to help . 
  edited to add : safe does n't mean permanent . 
  i 'm 32 and i 've changed careers three times now , including new degrees to go along with it . 
  my mum is 59 and had a major career change ten years ago . 
  you can change what you do to find that dream job - you just have to be the proactive one who does n't let yourself stay in a job that is safe and comfortable . 
  what , she does n't have the perspective to understand how uncomfortable it can be when everyone else is being cuddly and shes sitting there like a gooseberry ? 
  actually , i think she 's got a better perspective than you . 
  why does she have to be friends with your sos ? 
  why do sos have to be along on all your outings ? 
  maybe she does n't want to be friends with them . 
  maybe , heaven forbid , she 'd like to spend time just talking with the actual people she 's friends with . 
  i do n't agree with her refusing to come on any and all outings where partners are along . 
  she 's just breeding resentment with that . 
  however , it also sounds like your group need to cut her some slack . 
  it 's not comfortable being the only single person in the middle of lots of couples . 
  you do feel like the odd one out . 
  out of , say , 10 invites you extend , how many does she turn down ? 
  or how many invites does she extend to you ? 
  because if it 's more than half , i 'd really start questioning whether it 's worth putting effort in to a friendship that sounds quite one-sided . 
  it 's always hard letting friends go . 
  believe me , i 've been there . 
  but as you get older you also need to conserve your energy for the people who actually make you feel good , and not the people who always make you feel angry . 
  yes , that 's fairly standard . 
  i was at a scottish wedding two weeks ago where everyone arrived for 1pm and the reception ended at midnight .
