  `` but she cares about you ! '', 
  `` i do n't want to . '', 
  `` you were so good together . '', 
  `` i do n't want to . '', 
  they 'll get tired soon enough if you just keep repeating yourself . 
  and really , what else is there to justify ? 
  you do n't want to date her , therefore you should n't . 
  as you want six kids ( jesus , * why ? 
  * ) , do you make enough on your own to support your fiance and brood of potential nippers ? 
  because obviously with six kids under 12 or so , i doubt she 'll be working to bring any money in , or it 'll all go towards daycare instead . 
  and of course you 'll have to earn extra to pay for nappies , food , clothes , pushchairs , medicines , toys , household bills , cleaning goods to mop up the sick and mess all those toddlers make . 
  and what if she has medical issues brought on by pregnancy and giving birth ? 
  how will you handle that ? 
  will your relationship cope with the lack of sleep you 're both going to get ? 
  are you * sure * you 've thought this through ? 
  as in , sat down and planned out for all eventualities thought it through ? 
  looks good !, 
  i feel like your question marks could just be filled up with ` get dinner at #place # ' rather than anything else touristy . 
  hardly ever . 
  i 'm a teacher , and i 'm pretty surprised by just how long i can hold my temper with even the naughtiest classes . 
  i * very * rarely even raise my voice , and it 's pretty much the same for normal life . 
  i get irritable , sure , but i rarely actually lose it entirely . 
  listen to podcasts , listen to comedy programmes ( cabin pressure or sorry i have n't a clue are my favourites ) , sing along to stuff ( hamilton , fuck yeaaahhhh ) . 
  i got my first period when i was at a scout band camp in belgium for a weekend . 
  i bled all over the mattress overnight , freaked out , tried to stuff toilet paper down there to soak up the flow and then finally confessed to an adult helper who was nice enough to give me a pad . 
  so , nothing like the films really . 
  break it down into small chunks . 
  i had about a hundred exams to mark over this weekend , which seemed impossible . 
  another colleague gave me the advice to just do five at a time , then go make a cup of tea or go outside , then come back and do five more . 
  five is such a small number and an achieveable task . 
  once i 'd done three , i just had to do two more and then i could reward myself . 
  it really , really worked . 
  i got them all finished last night and it felt so good !, 
  why does anyone masturbate ever ? 
  it feels nice . 
  anyway , i do n't find sex with strangers satisfying , and usually they do n't know how to satisfy me . 
  32 , semi-detached townhouse , renting with a housemate . 
  i used to work on a cruise ship . 
  it was crazy days . 
  for day planning , science museum , natural history museum and v&a are all right next to each other , so you could hit all of them in one day if you wanted . 
  you could spend an entire day in the british museum easily , and either a morning or afternoon at the tower of london . 
  the walk along the southbank from the tower to westminster is really gorgeous and one of my favourites to do on a nice day . 
  madame tussauds is definitely a waste of money but hey , at least your other museums are free . 
  imperial war museum could also easily take up a whole day in itself too . 
  i 'd skip churchill war rooms though - i kind of think it 's overpriced and not as good as the iwm . 
  harry potter studios is outside london and is excellent but needs booking super early to get tickets . 
  i tried pr for a bit when i left my first csreer . 
  i was pretty good at it , but i realised absolutely no one except the client gave a shit as to whether a dvd review went into the sun on friday or not . 
  no one cared in the slightest . 
  gave up my internship a couple of weeks later . 
  edinburgh is so beautiful . 
  it 's an amazing city . 
  this is * your * dream , not her dream , and as nice as it would be for her to join you , you ca n't force her to go . 
  you also ca n't guilt trip her for not wanting to take several months out just because * you * want to . 
  why not compromise ? 
  she could either join you for a few weeks at the start or the end of the trip , and share part of it with you rather than the whole thing . 
  that 's really not fair on her that you 're pinning your entire mental health on her . 
  she ca n't support both of you when you 're not willing to take the step out there by yourself . 
  it 's not her fault that you 're willing to torpedo the entire trip and relationship over this , it 's yours . 
  the bbc does the friday night comedy podcast , which has a mix of dead ringers , just a minute and the news quiz . 
  he 's so beautiful and so cool . 
  aliya mustafina is great too . 
  your tlr sums it all up perfectly and you were right to dump him . 
  you said it yourself , he 's go no understanding of why you even split up , so he 's extremely unlikely to take the necessary steps to fix it . 
  that does n't sound like a adult i 'd want to be in a relationship with at all . 
  i 'm a teacher , and at least half of the kids ( 11-18 yrs ) write in cursive , so i still think it 's in use here . 
  you do n't have to stick with your so because you 've been with them for six years . 
  if things are n't great ( i.e the sex ) , you 've tried to fix it and things have n't improved , then it 's okay to move on . 
  i 'm only saying that because you have two choices here ; either break up with your so and start again with the new guy , or totally cut off the new guy , never see him again , and work on fixing the relationship with your current so . 
  only you can make the choice about which option is best for your life . 
  the most ideal setting for them . 
  you were n't comfortable with having sex , so it was n't ideal for you . 
  that 's okay !, 
  you do what is comfortable for you , and not for them . 
  no one can tell you what you should and should n't be doing with * your * body . 
  why are you likely to break up ? 
  i mean , you 're growing up , sure , but i sort of have the feeling that your conversation might have been a bit of a misstep . 
  no one ever knows what direction their relationship is going in . 
  it 's not like a career ladder . 
  you just enjoy it for what it is , and progress it or stop it as needed . 
  if you 've got no intention of breaking up , * tell her * . 
  you 've essentially just frightened her into thinking that this is all only temporary , and i think what you were trying to do was figure out what both of your five year plans were and then see how they matched up . 
  right ? 
  talk to her , reassure her , and stop thinking that it 's marriage or nothing . 
  you 're 19 . 
  enjoy what you have now . 
  why should she go out with you ? 
  from what i can see , all you 've done is be rude and condescending to her . 
  i certainly would n't want to date you . 
  honestly op , i think you need to start again with this girl . 
  rather than ask for a date , just go and apologise to her and try to get along with her instead . 
  she needs to see a reason to actually like you , let alone want to be romantic with you . 
  i 'm assuming you 're american , because ww1 is a big part of the curriculum for us brits and ( i believe ) the french and belgians . 
  we were more involved , of course , but most secondary students will go on a trip to the ww1 battlefields and trenches at some point , and learn about the causes and experiences of ww1 . 
  i love the ws stealth suit . 
  i think chris evans has said it 's his favourite one too . 
  ww1 is incredibly fascinating !, 
  if you 're looking for some good introductory videos , this [ horrible histories ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpuoa6u6hx0 ) video on the causes of the war is great . 
  hh is made for kids but is generally brilliant . 
  [ the great war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/thegreatwar ) channel follows the war day by day and is excellent .
