  it 's probably times that you 're calling - call 1 was a weekday morning , call 2 was a weekend morning . 
  ngn ( non geographic number ) providers sometimes only charge during weekdays and evenings and leave weekends free . 
  this does depend on which ngn you 're calling and whether you 're using a fixed line or mobile . 
  ( my company provides phone systems , lines and calls to business customers so i have access to prices for phone services ), 
  edit : lots of companies like ngns because they provide rebates . 
  so when your customer calls and sits on hold for five minutes , the company makes 10p or whatever out of it . 
  rebates are actually a bit of a fallacy , but companies always like the idea of making money out of their customers . 
   also plans to work from country to country . 
  how ? 
  under the table work ? 
  there are things called visas , and in many countries if he gets caught working without one , they could well just kick him out . 
  there are ways to work and travel at the same time ( cruise ship work , travel reps etc ) , but i think he 's being rather unrealistic here . 
  most importantly , i think you know what the deal is here . 
  he wants to be away and alone for several years . 
  you do n't , and you do n't want to wait for him . 
  i would let him go find his travelling dream , and find someone else who wants to build a life at home like you . 
  he does n't want to be fwb with you . 
  he wants to be in a relationship with you . 
  it 's not fair on him if you just carry on same old same old when it 's not what he really wants . 
  be kind and break it off . 
  do n't be a snob and stop talking to snobs . 
  being single does n't mean you 're ` broken ' or unsuccessful . 
  so what if some of my friends got married at 20 and already have three babies ? 
  i 'm single and have travelled the world . 
  they 'll never get to do what i 've done , and as much as i could be jealous of them , they 'll probably be jealous of me . 
  go live a cool , fun life , and when people try and say `` well i 've been in the most perfect relationship ever since i was 16 ! '', 
  ( probably lies ) , then you can say `` well i 've done [ xxx ] and [ yyy ] - oh i did [ zzz ] last weekend for fun , too . 
  have you ? '', 
  if you pick up a girlfriend on the way , awesome . 
  but please , do n't do it just to prove some invisible point to invisible people who are on the other end of a broadband connection somewhere . 
  as someone who is 29 and perpetually single ( just the way it 's worked out ) i think it 's so so lovely that you 've grown up and grown together in the way you clearly have . 
  i have two friends who have been together since they were 16 and are now both 28/29 . 
  they have the most natural , easiest relationship i 've ever seen , and there has not been a single moment where i 've thought `` man , l really should have tried someone else . '', 
  because hey , they fit together like puzzle pieces and it 's adorable . 
  oh , and plus , you got to go through your angst-ridden teenage years without worrying what boys thought about your body/face/clothes / hair , because you had your boyfriend right there to tell you he thought it was lovely . 
  do n't let other peoples insecurities today ruin your tomorrow . 
  other people will * always * comment on what they think , but * you * are the one living it . 
  enjoy it !, 
  it sounds like you 're a wonderful couple . 
  so ... where 's the problem here ? 
  you dumped your abusive ex and got a new boyfriend . 
  cool . 
  they have one student quoted as saying the deadline for fourth year final work was due at 5pm today . 
  how absolutely devastating to lose all of that in one go . 
  it 's so sad . 
  i agree with your bf - whenever i see couples doing pda , it just irritates me . 
  like , i know that they 're happy , but the apparent uncurbable need to grope each other in public just * annoys * me so much . 
  for me , it * is * showing off - why be so flamboyantly affectionate in front of other people if not to ` prove ' that you 're so in love and want everyone to know it ? 
  * i * do n't want to know it . 
  i really could not give two craps if you 're in love . 
  bully for you . 
  knock it off . 
  same here . 
  ca n't stand ukip - i * like * europe and i do n't want us to leave it . 
  i 'm pretty sure my mum voted for them , though , which is irritating . 
  that 's not mark gatiss , that 's [ hadley fraser ] ( http://currentlycaptivated.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/tumblr_n0mvu5dffl1rxgieco4_r1_500.gif ) as aufidius . 
  lots and lots of revision for upcoming open university exams , and then probably going to see the new x-men film later this afternoon . 
  i 'm doing open uni too !, 
  i haaaaaaaaaaaate revision . 
  sunday roast is definitely important to my family . 
  i live at home right now and have a proper sunday roast probably two or three sundays in a month . 
  my dad is * really * good at lamb and beef , and is religious about having good gravy over the roasties and yorkshires . 
  we 're in essex . 
  normally if we have a roast it 'll be any time between 2-5 . 
  i wo n't have any dinner after that , but i might snack on cheese and biscuits or toast if i get peckish . 
  it 's unlikely though - our sunday dinners are pretty enormous . 
  it 's not * really * drawn out , but we 'll usually have the main roast followed by dessert , which is usually a crumble , or maybe a fruit salad if my mum 's decided to try and be healthy . 
  we 'll all clear up and take cups of tea into the lounge , and then my dad will fall asleep in front of the grand prix for an hour or so . 
  it 's a good sunday ritual . 
  no , never . 
  i want to feel my best on dates , and makeup makes me look and feel good . 
  i 'd never skimp on it . 
  especially over military things . 
  i just do n't get the american obsession with the military , and i grew up in a garrison town . 
  for instance :, 
  british remembrance day : photos of old veterans with medals , wearing a black coat and poppies . 
  lots of poppy photos . 
  occasional ww1 trench photo . 
  occasional camp bastian photo . 
  more poppies . 
  american remembrance day : how many flags can we fit in a photo lets overlay it with flags and a child . 
  and flags . 
  are you sick of stripes yet ?!, 
  flag flag flag . 
  eagle . 
  flag . 
  he texts you all the time . 
  he holds your hand . 
  he 's introducing you to his family . 
  you have a * song * . 
  for gods sake , just put the poor guy out of his misery and ask him out . 
  he 's clearly into you . 
  so do n't buy them a couch . 
  they can not march you down to the sofa store and order that you buy them one , so do n't . 
  they 're not entitled to a single thing from you . 
  in the meantime , keep your bank accounts and cards inaccessible from them so that they ca n't ` borrow ' any of them . 
  relationships do n't need to end for dramatic reasons . 
  they can end for the simplest reason of all , which is the one you 've given - you 've grown apart . 
  just be confident in that reason , and the knowledge that if you stayed , it would n't be healthy for either of you . 
  you 've got nothing to justify at all .
