  that 's a mean girl , not a best friend . 
  a best friend is a * friend * , not a catty backstabber . 
  i 'll admit that i 'll happily have a good moan about a mutual friend with someone when they 're driving me up the wall , but i 'd never ever ever deliberately sabotage them or be cruel to them at all . 
  i can change my mind about my plans as much as i like and i do n't have to worry about annoying or inconveniencing someone by being ridiculously fickle . 
  i 've been single for a plenty long time , and i like doing things on my own time , in my own way . 
  i like travelling solo , going to restaurants and cinemas solo and basically living life on my own dime . 
  it suits me down to the ground . 
   and we have our inside jokes and whatnot, 
  my favourite is still the guy eating a muffin in a cafe . 
  with a book . 
  ooh handwriting !, 
  i do n't remember that thread . 
  i might have to do one of those . 
  your cursive is somehow really really adorable ? 
  yay history handwriting !, 
   i like how orderly and smart yours is . 
  very neat !, 
  `` is that your full name ? '', 
  i guess you can see how my name would be a shortening of peregrine/pernella or something equally pretentious , but no , it 's actually my name . 
  oh , `` where do you work ? '', 
  is another one . 
  thinking about it , i think i get told more statements more than i get asked questions ? 
  `` i love your earrings/your hair looks great/your boobs look * massive * / your hair 's grown so much ! '', 
  are the ones i get most . 
  i 'd love to learn a bit of russian and cyrillic at some point . 
  it 's such a fascinating language . 
  also , russian nursery rhymes are the * creepiest * . 
  oooh i like your q and your capital gs !, 
  one of my best friends gave me a box of arty postcards for my birthday this year - i really should write some back to him . 
  why are you counting what survived ?? 
  was there a dog trying to get to the opposite hemisphere around ? 
  aww music handwriting !, 
  i love that !, 
  i remember my minims always used to be massive when i did notation , and i loved flicking out the ends of my quaver tails . 
  i curl all of the tails on my y 's too . 
  that first question is tricky !, 
  i like the second one though . 
  ummm -- good and on time . 
  in my view , it 's better to meet deadlines with a reasonable standard of work than consistently miss them to satisfy a sense of perfectionism . 
  perfection can become obsessive - and also , as someone who has written a shedload of university history essays recently , you also need to learn how to let things go and be happy with your work . 
  i like that your ts and fs are the same shape , just rotated round . 
  that 's seriously classical cursive !, 
  i 'm in love . 
  aw i know , but it 's a nice change from all of the sex questions we get asked on repeat . 
  yay !, 
  am i hired ? 
  [ nooooooo . 
  ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/8ecbcc9ec99445d8ee9bd2d0f4863d66/tumblr_noelqyhskl1rzx871o1_250.gif ) :(, 
  music always cheers me up , so a cd or dinky little mp3 player and pair of headphones with a playlist of my very favourite music . 
  a little aromatherapy tube with something uplifting in . 
  it 's amazing how quickly smells can perk up your mood or remind you of something nice . 
  [ tisserand ] ( http://www.tisserand.com/ ) do lovely mixes . 
  action films !, 
  i love some boosh bang wallop cgi explosions . 
  my favourite favourite is inception , but i am also desperately in love with captain america : winter soldier and the mcu in general . 
  i seriously covet your capital letters . 
  they 're so swirly !, 
  i 've never ever had a problem with making friends with other girls . 
  i always tell mutual friends to invite their other friends along to days out/parties/meals if they want , because i know i can chat along with basically anybody and bond over something stupid like pets or disney films . 
  my best unexpected friend was s whose gumtree listing flat i moved into after uni . 
  we just clicked from day one . 
  its been six years now , she lives 200 miles away from me , i have n't seen her in a year , and i know if i were to fly back up to edinburgh tomorrow it would be like i 'd never left . 
  best random flatmate ever . 
  jeremy renners hawkeye feels really different from fractions hawkeye - he 's more capable and less futzy but somehow less endearing ? 
  mcu bucky barnes is also pretty different from the military brat comics bucky barnes . 
  for me yes , it 's deeply unattractive . 
  i do n't like weed or the smell at all . 
  others be more than okay with it . 
  i guess / r/futurology and / r/vintageads are the closest pair i get . 
  or / r/changemyview and / r/tumblrinaction might be a better pair ? 
  i love my ghds . 
  they 're really robust , last forever and do a great job . 
  i was actually chatting with my hairdresser about them last week , and we were both in agreement on how much we preferred ghds to any other brand . 
  i doubt i 'd buy anything else . 
  warren ellis * transmetropolitan * has a deep and enduring place in my heart . 
  spider jerusalem is a terrible person , but the most fascinating character . 
  no , a few drinks is more than fine , but i * hate * excessively drunk people . 
  that 's when it gets stupid and loud and unattractive . 
  all things in moderation . 
  we do z 's the same !, 
  i find them much more satisfying somehow . 
  i just thought of it more in a ` people with belligerent opinions ' sense . 
  i drank champagne at midnight with my best friend to mark the first thing i did in my thirties . 
  to be honest , as a woman , i know what i wear will be sexualised no matter whether i want to be or not . 
  i have big boobs , and no matter what i wear , some bloke is probably going to be thinking `` ooh , look at the tits on ` er '' . 
  but i do n't want to know that . 
  i do n't want to be constantly aware of the fact that someone might be sexualising me . 
  i 'm just going to starbucks in the summer , i do n't want the reminder that a coworker or shop assistant will be staring at my summer top . 
  it 's not a nice thought . 
  your girlfriend is undoubtedly more than aware that we as women get sexualised . 
  we all know it happens . 
  but that 's not something you really want to be thinking about 24/7 , no matter what you wear , because it 's going to drive you crazy . 
  your girlfriend was asking about fitness trousers as professional work wear . 
  you derailed into how every guy is going to be staring at her bum when she wears them . 
  she was n't asking about that . 
  she was asking whether they were work appropriate . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  i do n't dress so other people can ogle me . 
  i dress so * i * feel good about * my * body in clothes that are cut to fit my shape . 
  and let 's be honest , unless i chose to wear shapeless baggy tshirts every day , any clothes that i choose are going to be cut to fit my body .
