  cuddle her afterwards for a really long time . 
  use it to bring you two closer . 
  right now all you 're doing is using your own opinions to push you apart . 
  it 's because you 're putting way too much pressure on yourself and on the thought of virginity as something super incredibly special and moving . 
  it 's not , not really . 
  it 's just sex for the first time with a new partner . 
  it does n't have to be roses and candles and classical music perfect . 
  take that weight off of yourself , and stop trying to think about her as a unique precious virgin who needs to be coddled . 
  she 's twenty four years old . 
  she wants you in the same way as those other thirty women wanted you . 
  she 's no different in that regard . 
  it just needs to be done in a way that shows you care for her and you want to take care of her . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's all she 's looking for . 
  why do you think you should have the right to ask , first of all ? 
  if you already know that the information you find out may damage your relationship and potentially break you up from what you 're saying is a good and serious relationship , why do you want to self-sabotage what you have ? 
  you 've already broached the topic with your partner , and have been steered away from it , which is fair enough . 
  you have also told them that you 're not comfortable with how they interact with others and have been ignored and told , pretty much , to deal with it . 
  i do n't think that that is very fair at all . 
  you need to make your partner aware that there are boundaries you 're not happy about . 
  when you say that they are touching/hugging/dancing other people , how intimate is this ? 
  i would be annoyed if a partner told me to stop hugging my friends , but if i was dancing too intimately with something or touching them in a flirty way , that 's a different matter entirely . 
  look , sexual numbers do n't really matter here . 
  even if they * do * answer your questions , they 're not going to put your mind at ease . 
  what good will knowing whether they 've had a threesome do ? 
  what good will knowing whether you 're around previous sexual partners or not ? 
  it 's not like they 're going to answer your question and then immediately cut off all contact with them . 
  it 's just going to fuel your insecurity even more and drive you both mad . 
  if you do n't think that you 're sexually compatible with them , then that is one thing . 
  if you 're trying to find out information to deliberately sabotage your relationship , that is something else entirely . 
  you need to deal with your own insecurities , not fuel them even more . 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't blame her . 
  you 've been together for two years . 
  you 're at the stage when most other people are in committed relationships , living together or getting engaged/married . 
  except , you do n't want any of this . 
  you want to keep things exactly as they are . 
  not wanting marriage is fine . 
  not wanting kids is fine . 
  but you are adults , and i 'm not surprised that she wants to take your relationship to the next stage , which is living together and thinking of ` our ' things rather than just ` my ' things . 
  she wants to keep moving on and to see commitment from you , and you are very deliberately holding your hand to her head and keeping her in her place . 
  what do you want out of this relationship , op ? 
  you have to make * some * changes , otherwise you 're going to lose this girl . 
  yup . 
  i suspect she probably thought `` he * said * he did n't want to live together , but maybe if i do it slowly he wo n't notice . '', 
  if i were her i 'd be crying out from some sign of commitment , too . 
  she 's definitely pushed it too far with the boxing up though . 
  it 's used in the same manner as `` i would like to go/to do '' , so an activity for the very near future . 
  we 'd also add ` quite ' to it as a qualifier ; `` i quite fancy a dance '' or `` i quite fancy a cup of tea '' or even `` i quite fancy you '' to mean ' i think you 're quite attractive ' . 
  it 's a really common usage . 
  norfolk also has sandringham in . 
  sandringham estate is the country retreat for the royal family and sandringham is the village where princess diana was born . 
  i get her reasons , but she really ended up going about it the wrong way . 
  sorry , i stand corrected . 
  from sudbury and famous for painting dedham a lot . 
  it 's been the same for me , and it 's infuriating at times . 
  it takes a lot of messages before swapping numbers or drinks get suggested , and it 's normally me who suggests it !, 
  i think we 're just so reserved that jumping into dates feels , for want of a better word , too american . 
  i have never noticed that , mostly because i have a very flat bum and pretty big boons . 
  so i always assumed i would be getting front-stares , not rear-stares . 
  it does n't bother me . 
  i wear skinny jeans for a reason . 
  we 've seen steve being an artist . 
  does chris think steve still draws , and if so , what would be in his sketchbook ? 
  that is gorgeous !, 
  what an amazing design !, 
  placement was recommendation from a friend as the skin stays tight . 
  it 's just between my shoulder blades and about the size of my palm , but most clothes cover it for work . 
  proper proper maple syrup is a thing of beauty . 
  definitely bring some op !, 
  ( and offer to make everyone breakfast pancakes/waffles with berries and maple syrup one weekend ), 
  work a lot in the evenings ( lots of teaching prep ) , watch netflix , see friends , doodle around on the internet , go to the gym , go to the cinema . 
  when i go back to my parents house i spend lots of time walking/grooming the dog and doing dog show things with him . 
  all the usual things !, 
  i just do them by myself . 
  honestly , my housemates with boyfriends spend just as much time in their rooms as i do . 
  if it was the real trailer it a ) would n't be the fourth result b ) would be stickied here and c ) you 'd know one had been released as it would be all over social media . 
  marvel do n't exactly make these things hidden easter eggs . 
  i would ask him why we have so many amazing male chefs when women should be the only ones cooking , then . 
  also , screw that . 
  my dad and brother are both amazing cooks , and nothing makes my dad happier than to tinker in the kitchen for an afternoon , roasting meat in big pans . 
  he goes into there all grumpy and comes out with a big smile on his face . 
  wow , you are tying yourself in * knots * trying to rationalise this . 
  so you had multiple ons , and your gf has had multiple ons , but yours were ` good ' ones because you were in a drought and ` needed ' sex , whereas hers were ` bad ' because she just wanted sex for whatever reason ? 
  ** you are both the same person , op ** . 
  your sexual history is no different !, 
  also , something like 90 % of women ca n't orgasm from intercourse . 
  your gf is perfectly normal . 
  she was talking dirty to you , you idiot !, 
  it 's what people * do * when they 're having sex . 
  you 've just taken what she 's said and run away with it to outer mongolia where you 're going to obsess over it in case she was secretly referring to juan the sex panther or something . 
  calm the fuck down . 
  you are getting way too insecure over this , and it 's going to end up driving her away . 
  i used to have three green squares painted in a vertical line on my bedroom wall . 
  long gone now , but i thought the name was clever . 
  thank you !, 
  i will !, 
  he lives with my parents so i dont get to see him all the time , but i take as many photos as i can when i go home . 
  yes , of course . 
  you learn social skills and how to navigate social situations by ( surprise ! ),
