  what do you plan to go in to from here ? 
  do the two classes have much in common ? 
  the american system of lots of different subjects does confuse me somewhat !, 
  how cool !, 
  are you learning how to make super medical robots for the future ? 
  oooh good luck for the next five months !, 
  do you look more at film studies and analysis or production ? 
  wow !, 
  would you like to start a zoo from scratch or take an established one over ? 
  that sounds wonderfully complex . 
  ( : what parts do you enjoy most ? 
  those * eyes * . 
  hypnotising ... 
   or that the male bedbug drills a hole into the abdomen of the female bedbug to deposist it 's semen . 
  ewwwww . 
  nature is so fascinatingly disgusting sometimes . 
  oh hooray !, 
  well , not hooray for hating it , but yay to the same interests thing . 
  i have another friend who did history and went into law , too - i figure it 's the analysis part that drew you in ? 
  my plan is to go into teaching training with this degree too . 
   good luck with your future edumacating plans !, 
  ooooh how interesting !, 
  are there many jobs specifically in volcanology right now ? 
  i 've heard amazing things about soas . 
  i have a friend doing art and archaeology there now , actually !, 
  is it as good as the hype says ? 
  you brave lady !, 
  i have a friend who 's a chem phd too - i think she 's doing it somewhere in london . 
  how are you finding it ? 
  congratulations on your graduation !!, 
  what 's the plan for the future ? 
  event management is tough !, 
  i have a friend out in dubai doing that right now and she seems to love it . 
   good luck !, 
  i worked for a while in theatre/tv/short film production and really enjoyed it , but my god it 's a lot of standing around !, 
  that 's one thing they do n't really tell you about the business - the days move shockingly slowly !, 
  well , for example i 'm british , and when we apply for uni we apply specifically for one subject , and they expect you to have targeted your classes at secondary school for that one subject . 
  so you 'd apply to do a bs in chemistry or a ba in history and all three years would be made up of modules specifically reading that subject . 
  it 's not possible over here to take other classes in something else and ` minor ' in it . 
  it 's got its pros and cons , of course - pro being in that we tend to come out of university as subject specialists , cons being that you 're expected to pick your career track from around age 15 and work specifically towards that for the next eight years . 
  so nice to see so many history ladies !, 
  i love wwii too , especially the home front . 
  we 've got so many reminders of it still around over here . 
  yay history teaching !, 
  that 's what i 'm hoping to do with this when i 'm done . 
  not at all !, 
  i 'm 28 and this is actually my second degree - my first was in theatre production . 
  my mum switched careers entirely at age 50 . 
  it 's never too late to decide what it is that you really love . 
  they sound so interesting !, 
  are there any women who you studied that you 've found particularly fascinating ? 
  i 'm working my way through * the persians * and * lysistrata * at the moment . 
  another history lady !, 
  brilliant . 
  what period is your favourite ? 
  we dont , but thats partly because we get more foxes in our gardens than hedgehogs , and then my dog tries to follow the foxes through their fence holes and escapes onto the road . 
  because he 's an idiot . 
  as a newcomer , i 'd definitely recommend taking a look at * watching the english * by kate fox . 
  it rather wonderfully portrays our haphazard ambivalence in life and our reasons for not really interfering in other people 's personal space , which saying `` bless you '' to a total stranger mostly counts under . 
  it 'll explain the whole not-talking-on-the-tube thing , too . 
  the thing is , we do n't * really * care about other peoples lives , unless we 're actually friends with them . 
  that 's why our default greeting is `` all right ? '', 
  `` yeah , you ? '', 
  `` good , thanks . '', 
  so if you 're commuting every day on the tube/bus/train , then you probably end up seeing the same people every day . 
  and the rules of politeness dictate that once you start talking to someone you ca n't just stop talking to them arbitrarily - you have to keep greeting them and finding out how they are ( even though you do n't actually care ! ), 
  * every single day * . 
  it does n't even have to be a full conversation - merely acknowledging someones presence counts , so if you smile briefly at each other once , then you have to do it again . 
  and then you ca n't smile briefly at each other endlessly for ten years , at some point a conversation will need to be started out of politeness . 
  and then you have to keep on conversing , and it 'll be expected . 
  every day . 
  despite not actually giving the slightest toss about them . 
  so the easiest way to avoid this is just to shut up , keep your head down , do n't talk , and for gods sake do n't make eye contact . 
  well , does he actually say anything to me about it ? 
  i ca n't say i 'd even really be bothered about it anyway , but a `` sweetie , i love this photo of you . 
  i 'm just sending it to myself m ` kay ? '', 
  after he 's already done it would work for me . 
  ahahahahahahaha yes !, 
  yes , i did . 
  ^ ^ and ^ i ^ always ^ will, 
  oh god , that sounds awful !, 
  try making excuses to nip into a newsies to get milk for the office tea rounds next time that happens ? 
  i mean ... it will cost you an extra quid for some milk , but it 'll at least save you some sanity . 
  bet you a fiver next time you go back home , you 'll get all squeamish and weirded out when a shop clerk walks up to you with a big cheesy grin and a `` hello ! '' . 
  you 'll be a brit before you know it . 
  `` i believe i 've seen hell . 
  and it 's white . 
  it 's snow white . '', 
  * dramatic violin music , lingering shot of r.a striding through the mill *, 
  swooooon . 
  ** love ** that series so much . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpg5k1-0jmk ) looks like all the episodes are on youtube . 
  enjoy !, 
  he 's henry . 
  our last couple of dogs have had a car theme - beema ( bmw ) and cosworth ( ford cosworth ) . 
  so technically henry is short for henry ford . 
  honestly , i know it does seem strange , but i would * never * go up to a drunk person of my own accord and ask if they needed help . 
  i 'm not sure if anyone else i know would either . 
  the only time i would go and help is if they were my age ( late twenties ) and passed out on the pavement .
