  neither did she . 
  she probably told you because she wanted to be honest with you about what happened between her and your friend . 
  just because your pride is stinging right now does not mean anyone ` betrayed ' you . 
  get over yourself and go find another girl . 
  give it a go !, 
  what harm can it do ? 
  it would probably be worth talking to / r/okcupid and getting them to look over your profile and offer advice on messaging , too . 
  not really . 
  i went to a grammar school and my parents are squarely middle class . 
  it was the same with all of my friends who also went there . 
  private and public schools might be slightly more elitist , but i hardly think it 's only the richest of the rich who go . 
   oh , and the thought of someone i know seeing my profile would also freak me out lol, 
  why ? 
  if they see your profile then they 're obviously on the site looking for someone too . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  online dating is n't for losers and weirdos anymore , it 's for anyone looking to find a date . 
  most of my single friends have had a dating profile at some time or other . 
  as far as desperate people messaging you go , i 'm a girl and i get loads of the damn things just saying `` hi '' . 
  i just ignore it and message people i like instead . 
  edinburgh castle is gorgeous to look at from the outside , but i always found it a bit disappointing on the inside when i visited ; there are n't a lot of exhibits actually inside the rooms at all and it 's quite pricey for what it is . 
  i 'd personally recommend just skipping it . 
  it does n't matter . 
  she 's doing what feels right for her . 
  stop nannying her , for goodness sake - she 's a grown woman and can get over your break up however she wants to . 
  it might not be a healthy way to do it ( and for what it 's worth i completely agree with you that it is n't a healthy way to operate ) but it 's her life . 
  stop worrying about what she 's doing and focus on yourself instead . 
  it 's odd , though - there was some scandal here in the uk about a tv presenter 's top being too low cut on early-evening tv ( even though she had a mesh over the low v-neck ) , but we have the sun national newspaper with a topless girl on page 3 every single day . 
  oh my careers have changed an enormous amount . 
  i 'm definitely not afraid to try a new workplace if i think i might like it . 
  this is basically how my employment history has gone :, 
  got into theatre work at school , learning on all of their productions , then went to drama school to train in theatre production , specialising in lighting design . 
  i basically learnt how to work backstage at theatre productions and how all the different departments worked . 
  freelanced with that for a few years , going more towards stage management rather than lighting . 
  stage managed on a cruise ship for six months , which was brilliant . 
  also worked with about 150 children from two deprived schools in london to stage manage a professional opera performance . 
  i realised i loved working in schools . 
  ended up burning out on theatre work after about four years freelancing . 
  got tired of the long hours , manual labour and low pay . 
  dabbled with pr work for a year as i thought i 'd be good at it , since i 'm quite a ` salesy ' person . 
  i * was * good at it , but i did n't actually care about the end result and how much coverage i got for clients . 
  it made absolutely no difference to the world if a dvd got a review in the sun on friday , and that really frustrated me . 
  then offered a sales and marketing position by my dad working with his small company while living at home . 
  been here almost two years now . 
  a year ago i decided to re-train as a teacher . 
  started a second degree in history through the open university which is designed for distance learning . 
  just passed my first year and got funding for my second year which starts in october . 
  also fixed myself up experience in two schools for the whole of the next academic year . 
  so my career path has basically gone theatre  pr  sales  teaching . 
  and i 'm only 28 . 
  it 's interesting seeing what my friends are all doing now , especially my theatre friends . 
  a few of the actors have steady acting work . 
  most have moved into other areas . 
  most of my theatre production friends have stayed in the industry and are working senior positions in really reputable companies ( like the royal shakespeare company or doing wardrobe for skins for example ) . 
  most likely i would have been able to get there too , but you have to * love * theatre to work full time in it , and though i love going , i just do n't have the passion for it anymore . 
  i 'm happy i left and do n't regret moving on from my training . 
  i did exactly what i wanted to do for a good seven years , and now i 'm moving on to the next thing i really want to do . 
  i honestly feel more people should follow their passion rather than settling for the job that pays the bills . 
  that route has never worked for me . 
  i had a minor crush on an old friend way back when , but i got over it after about a year , and i never really wanted to date him . 
  all of my relationships have come out of chemistry on the first meeting . 
  unfortunately i tend to ` friend zone ' guys and never pull them out of it again . 
  exactly . 
  ankles used to be terribly titillating , and victorian women 's legs had to be hidden because of their sexual attraction . 
  now no one gives a toss if you have your legs covered or not . 
  they 're just legs . 
  in a world where everyone went topless , the fascination with breasts would be exactly the same . 
  i would really just suggest that alcohol can often open people 's inhibitions far more than they would when they were sober . 
  it 's extremely common for two people to get drunk and decide to fall into bed together when their sober , rational selves absolutely would not . 
  god knows i 've done that enough times myself and wanted nothing to do with the guy the next day . 
  if she 's not adding you back when she 's sober and has reconsidered what happened at the party , then i suspect she 's not really that interested in you . 
  chalk this one up to experience , unfortunately , and do n't take people 's actions as seriously when they are drunk as they might be when they 're sober . 
  oh , definitely . 
  for one , going straight into something i really * wanted * instead of something that was expected of me meant that i got to fill my passions and really understand what filling my passions actually * meant * . 
  it 's also taught me what i do and do n't want out of a career , and what i can and ca n't put up with in my life . 
  those are pretty big lessons to learn . 
  i 've always been self conscious about my skin as i 've had acne since i was 13 . 
  now my skin is much better thanks to being on the pill , but i 'm still self conscious . 
  i wear eyeshadow and eyeliner because i like how it looks , but i wear primer and foundation to cover my skin 's flaws . 
  talk to your best friend . 
  that 's what he 's there for after all . 
  say to him `` best friend , i am so ridiculously excited to be moving in with you , but i 'm just worried about ex being in town . 
  you know we just do n't work together but i get carried away with my emotions sometimes . 
  if you see us getting together can you knock some sense into me , please ? '', 
  it 'll be easier to avoid him when you 've got a third person looking out for you to step in when you need it . 
  have you explained this to your friend ? 
  i 'm sure if he knows what 's going through your mind and how nervous you are about it he 'll help deflect the tension . 
  maybe just try and make sure you and your ex are n't ever left alone , so you 've always got someone to help stop you being carried away by it all . 
  try not to wind yourself up about it all . 
  it sounds like you 're sending yourself into a bit of a headspin about him being there , and you do n't want him to wreck your big move before you 've even got there !, 
  it probably wo n't be anywhere near as awful as you think - you just have to be sensible about it and avoid being with him when you 're alone . 
  any local theatres near you ? 
  front of house staff is a good job , and there 's normally quite a big variety of work that gets done pre and post show . 
  yeah , the building from wood thing always got me too , but i sort of figure if you 're building in a country where there are enough disasters going on that ` house being destroyed ' is a viable option , you 'd want something that was relatively easy to rebuild again . 
  that it costs silly amounts to go and see a doctor if you 're worried about something . 
  am i right that it 's something like $ 35 just to go see a gp ? 
  that does n't make any sense to me . 
  water , makeup cleanser , moisturiser , phone and charger , book or kindle , laptop . 
  definitely leg raises . 
  the slower and steadier you do them , the harder you make your core work , too . 
  another good one is to lie on your back , legs raised to 45 degrees and feet together , then draw little circles in the air with your toes .
