  is there any particular reason you did n't fill out the drugs part on the side bar ? 
  your questions do n't seem to indicate you really do them at all , so it 's useful just to at least put ` rarely ' in or something . 
  personally i think the photo of you in the hagia sofia would work better as your profile picture . 
  it 's just a nicer shot in general . 
  1 ) why are you pressuring her about her exes ? 
  2 ) why are you picturing yourself as her ex when you 've only been dating three months ? 
  3 ) why do you even * care * ? 
  she 's not with her exes , she 's with you now , and even if you did break up why do you care so much about what she 'll be saying about you afterwards ? 
  it 's not like you 'll be around to hear it . 
  look , i think you 've got some serious self-esteem issues here if you want her to remember how amazing her ex boyfriends were and her feelings for them . 
  ask her nicely to tone down the trash talk , that you 'd rather focus on your current relationship instead of her last ones , and * stop asking * her things . 
  you 're only going to drive yourself nuts . 
  climbed arthurs seat in edinburgh at 4am with braveheart . 
  but it 's clearly bothering you , otherwise you would n't make a post here about it ? 
  caring about her past does n't mean caring about every other guy she 's gone out with and how their relationship was . 
  are any of these guys involved in your relationship now ? 
  does she see any of them or does she just bitch about them occasionally ? 
  i seriously think you 're making a mountain out of a molehill about all of these . 
  what does it matter ? 
  she no longer has feelings for these guys , and her coping mechanism for breaking up with them ( or getting over a break up ) is to pretend she never actually cared for them . 
  why does it actually matter to your relationship how she used to feel ? 
  would it really make you feel better if she had been passionately in love with all of them ? 
  better yet , would it make you feel better if she was still passionately in love with all of them ? 
  or , lets be honest here , would n't that just make you feel incredibly jealous and insecure ? 
  i really really do n't understand your motivation here , and i especially do n't understand why you 're so intent on pushing this . 
  seriously , there is n't any need to go talking to her friends about how she felt about her exes or to keep digging up the subject with your gf . 
  what are you actually hoping to achieve out of all of this ? 
  nah - i think as an attention-grabbing thumbnail to get people to click on your profile it works much better than the party photo . 
  the party photo is really sweet and goofy , but the tank top one is much more conventionally attractive . 
  plus you 're not actually looking at the camera in the photo or posing , you look pretty relaxed and your friend is doing a stupid face which all helps negate the douche factor . 
  hurray essex !, 
  i 'm from colchester . 
  your profile is a bit ambiguous - it tells a lot , but does n't always show . 
  you make a lot of blanket statements about yourself , but they do n't really * tell * us anything . 
  for instance , i could say i 'm quite active . 
  what i actually say is that i go to a weekly gymnastics class plus doing pilates and swimming on the side . 
  see the difference ? 
  it 's also a detail that gets picked up quite a lot in messaging , so it 's a useful hook to draw people in . 
  it 's harder to message someone when all you have to go on is that they 're ` active ', 
  * i 'm very good with technology in many forms and i 'm also quite mechanically inclined . 
  * how are you good ? 
  what do you do that makes you so clever with it ? 
  have you built a computer ? 
  tinkered with cars ? 
  this could be nixed and merged in with the scooter part , because it 's a really interesting hobby . 
  your first things section is also a bit ambiguous - again , it 's all telling , not showing . 
  if someone just walked past you in the street or stood behind you in a shop queue , they would n't actually notice that you 're shy . 
  they might notice the cool styling you 're doing with your hair though , or how loud your laugh is . 
  have another think about it . 
  your books/movies section is too short . 
  go into a little bit of detail here , just list a couple of books or a couple of movies that you love . 
  again , it 's something for people reading to hook on to and message you about . 
  six things - again , too short , too ambiguous . 
  love , compassion and joy are just so * generic * . 
  everyone needs them , but what do * you * need in particular to get through the day ? 
  or rather , what helps you out ? 
  the keys to your scooter maybe , or a extra-strong coffee in the morning . 
  narrow it down a bit more . 
  i think it 's solid , but it really needs some expanding to give it personality . 
  the only bit that really tells me about you is the scooter bit and the talking to your animals part . 
  you need more of those !, 
  i 'd recommend having a look through the list of dos and do n'ts on the sidebar , because it 's incredibly helpful . 
  good luck !, 
  i definitely agree with / u/ok2throwaway38 about the private thing section . 
  it 's just really kind of..off-putting , to put it nicely . 
  for one , there 's nothing private about saying you do n't like a certain class of people . 
  for another , you 're not going to win many favours ( or dates ) by calling people 's political views bullshit . 
  save it for the messaging . 
  also , i do n't get that disclaimer section in the first part ? 
  why are you calling yourself an egomaniac ? 
  would you really message someone else who calls themselves that ? 
  you can nix it , imho . 
  your message me section jumps from point to point to point and even though i 'm trying to read it critically my eyes just glazed over . 
  pick two and stick with them . 
  change ` be honest ... ' to `` you 're honest and upfront , so we 'll get along smashingly ! '', 
  and then keep in the part about others messaging first . 
  also your profile picture kind of looks like you 're eyeing up the other person in the shot . 
  i 'd say just photoshop them out . 
  you might be 19 and awfully cool , but swearing as a first impression generally is n't a good thing . 
  cut the line about a shitty city . 
  it might be true , but if you 're looking to sleep with girls from the same city as you they might not agree . 
  change it to ` small city no ones heard of ' or something instead . 
  * anyways , instead of boring everyone with a bunch of bullshit you do n't really care about , just message me and figure out if i 'm a douche or not . 
  * so why are you filling out a profile , then ? 
  get rid of this , it 's not doing you any favours . 
  favourite books etc. 
  yes it matters . 
  you like some bands and movies , do n't you ? 
  girls are n't going to want to sleep with you based on your rocking good looks , they 're going to want to talk to you too , and most of them are probably going to want to chat about bands and movies and food . 
  friday night . 
  if you do n't know of anything , make something up . 
  it does n't have to be a literal answer , it could be an ideal friday night instead . 
  going out to [ cool bar ] with friends to have some beers sounds much better than ` hyuk hyuk getting drunk and throwing up hyuk hyuk ', 
  private thing . 
  that 's not actually a private thing you 're admitting though , is it ? 
  cats are hardly big secrets unless you 're embarrassed about having something to cuddle . 
  ` message me ' ; well yes . 
  females , you 're trying to attract them . 
  but what 's actually in it for them if they do ? 
  from this profile i 'm not getting the signs of a cool guy to go out on a date with and get off with , i 'm getting ` horny nineteen year old who thinks he can stand there while girls throw themselves at him ' .
