  i 've tried to air dry it , i really have , but after ten minutes it 's already getting on my nerves how awful it looks and i just have to grab the hair dryer . 
  i can not stand having bad hair . 
  it 's probably drier than just air drying would make it , but i put a deep treatment on whenever i can and get regular trims to keep it looking its best . 
  i probably wash it two or three times a week and skip days by using dry shampoo . 
  take teaspoon . 
  dip into jar of instant coffee . 
  scoop up one teaspoon and insert into clean , dry mug . 
  add spoonful of sugar . 
  add freshly boiled water . 
  add one sploosh of milk until it turns a nice colour . 
  stir . 
  drink . 
  can you tell i 'm a tea drinker ? 
  unpadded , cause i * really * do n't need any extra boobage layers . 
  could n't care less whether my nipples are perky through them or not . 
  i can feel them , but whether people see them or not is n't a big deal to me . 
  i fooled around with an acrobat who was in his own touring show once , but that was very far from famous . 
  an actress good friend of mine has dated a string of well known comedians , but by the sound of it they 're all total jerks . 
  i like pocahontas , just because she 's not one for settling and is always driving for more . 
  ` just around the riverbend ' sums her up pretty well , and i like her attitude . 
  i love tia from princess and the frog , too , especially her song ` almost there ' . 
  sure she 's a workaholic , but the message in the film is more about the fact that she needs to find more of a balance in her life rather than packing it all in for prince charming . 
  i think people should be able to use their sexuality in whatever way they like without getting shamed for it , yes . 
  it makes absolutely no difference to me if janet down the road has had sex with two hundred people or put videos online . 
  it has no influence on my life if janet has only had sex with one man or women in her life , or even if she swears off sex altogether , devotes herself to god and goes to become a celibate nun . 
  janet should be able to do all of those things , and it reflects badly on * me * , not her , for thinking i know better than her about how she should be living her life . 
  it still makes no difference to * my * life because janet is not me . 
  i have a younger brother and i could not care less how many people he has slept with , as long as it has all been consensual and he has been safe about it . 
  his number is not my number and his number is not my life . 
  i am allowed precisely zero moralising about how he lives and who he shares his body with in the same way that he would absolutely ** never ** be allowed to dictate to me about how i share mine . 
  if you love your characters , you absolutely must read robin hobb , starting with assassin 's apprentice . 
  she gets beneath their skin in the most amazing way , and it stays with you for such a long time . 
  the fool will always , always be my all time favourite fictional character . 
  not particularly . 
  living in 2014 , modern era , expressions of sexuality and all that jazz . 
  i 'm really quite overwhelmed with work at the moment as i have a full time job and i 'm also studying full time for a second degree , so i do try hard to get that downtime ` life ' balance in where i can . 
  i think i eke out scoops of me time fairly well , but i 'm craving much more social time at the moment and i miss a lot of my friends . 
  he was an idiot , and there are many times when i want to go back in time and smack my sixteen year old self around the head for ever thinking he was a cool guy . 
  he was n't cool . 
  he was a twerp . 
  funnily enough , whenever i hear from him now , all i can think is `` you have n't changed a bit . '', 
  as i dated him fourteen years ago , that is n't a compliment . 
  i 'd agree we 're still quite prudish here about breastfeeding , but i work in a pub on the weekends and do see women breastfeeding at the table during lunch with a blanket over baby or something , which no one seems bothered about . 
  i also remember working on a panto , and a women in the front row was openly breastfeeding during the first act , which the actors were all quite startled about . 
  has n't stopped sodding raining all day . 
  come on essex , get it together . 
  we 're not * manchester * . 
  nothing , really . 
  it does n't matter whether the guy is fit as hell , or we 're drunk or whatever - right now i do n't want ons , so no guy is a good option for it . 
  a few years ago i probably would have just said ` needs to be hot and funny ' , but right now i 'm not in that kind of place . 
  if you want to find girls who want one night stands , use tinder or go to clubs . 
  i suppose you * could * , but if you 've got the facilities and resources there to use , why waste it ? 
  if you 're already planning how to get out of lectures before you 've even started , i do n't think uni 's really for you . 
  for what it 's worth , there was no chance you could get out of skipping anything in my first degree because it was a vocational theatre degree and you needed to be in every single day to do the work and design the shows . 
  in my current ou degree it 's all distance learning , so tutorials are all completely optional . 
  i 'm currently on track for a 2:1 , but i have to put in a hell of a lot of work off my own back , and a lot of time i wish i did have more lectures and outside support to help get the theory into my head . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i adore the score for captain america : winter soldier and it gets better the more you listen to it . 
  i 've had it on repeat while i 'm studying for at least a week now . 
  [ the winter soldier ] ( http://youtu.be/ztus_qf5_jk ) is such a chilling piece of music , and just perfectly defines all of the screwed up messiness that is bucky barnes , and [ taking a stand ] ( http://youtu.be/bhyo8ztfe8k ) is a fabulous dramatic theme . 
  i have a very ambiguous , gender neutral and kind of unusual name and i like it a lot . 
  i guess it must confuse recruiters who see my cv as i could be either gender and possibly not english , but very few people forget me or get me mixed up with anyone else , which works for me !, 
  i love tights . 
  i have so many pairs for winter dress wear . 
  they 're less enjoyable in the summer . 
  how do i keep busy ? 
  how do i find time to relax , more like !, 
  i work full time ( one full time job , one part time job ) , i study full time , i 've taken up running three times a week , do dog shows once or twice a month plus dog training and walks and whatever else he needs , visit friends whenever i can , go shopping , read books , watch netflix , reddit ... all sorts of things . 
  i wish i had more time to just doss around in !, 
  i 've been doing really well in my open university assignments this year . 
  the last one i got 83 % , the one before that was 88 % and the one before was 72 % . 
  i 'm not sure how long it will last for , but it 's a nice streak to be going into christmas with . 
  sort of . 
  i 'd probably have to be reminded quickly of the rules , but i know the basics . 
  right now it 's career . 
  i 'm working hard towards getting where i want to go , and love has to take a backseat until i get there . 
  maybe in a few years i 'll change my mind , who knows ? 
  i did a family tree last year , and for about four hundred years my maternal ancestors did n't leave some diddly squat farming village in end of nowhere essex . 
  dullest family tree ever . 
  i 'm figuring that out right now too !, 
  god , december is manic and stupid and manic . 
  i 've been doing a lot of escapism mostly ; reading fanfiction , watching agents of shield , watching bourne films and disney . 
  i went for a run last night as well and that really helped settle my anxiousness down . 
  oh , i also text my friends and talk through things with them , as that always helps a lot . 
  bottling stuff up makes it worse , but just an hour of talking to a good friend about all the shit that 's going on is * so * good for getting it all out . 
  people do care about what 's going on , so let a good friend share the weight and take some off of your shoulders . 
   what we were told is not matching the historical records . 
  well , it wo n't . 
  not for an individual family . 
  you have to follow each person back through the generations , not just go to a book , find your name and go `` well , that 's my history then '' . 
  the book might say ` oh yes , people of this name turn up during the norman conquest ' , but unless you have concrete written evidence that those people of that name are linked to you , then it 's not your heritage . 
  good time . 
  i expect i 've probably missed a few opportunities to chat up hot single guys just because i 've been so engrossed in gossiping with my girlfriends . 
  i do n't care . 
  freshly brewed leaf tea - i 'm partial to a lapsang souchong blend at the moment , or we have a packet of gorgeous winter tea on the shelf with orange and cinnamon in . 
  three layers of clothes : crop top , long sleeve top and cosy hoodie . 
  maybe a scarf , depending if i 'm spending the evening in the study or not . 
  a helpful dog to lie on my feet , if he 's so inclined . 
  he 's a good cuddler in lieu of anyone around who wants to warm me up through sex and hugs . 
  woolly socks and indoor pyjama boots .
