  i like our ties to europe , i like having the option of cheap travel there and being able to move to the continent tomorrow if i wanted . 
  yes , immigration is high , but we have * always * been a nation of immigrants , and the vast majority want to come here to work , not claim benefits . 
  there 's such a clash when people say ` immigrants are stealing all our jobs and turning up for our benefits and nhs ! ', 
  which one is it guys ? 
  are immigrants all keen taxpayers or not ? 
  more powerful countries like the usa and china have said they 're not interested in negotiating with us as a solo country for trade agreements , which means we 'd be weaker after june 23rd if it goes the way of brexit . 
  we have no guarantees from anyone about how things will change if we leave . 
  there is zero certainty that the leave campaign can give us , because nobody knows for certain what will happen and how it will affect our economy . 
  the polls are very age dependent , i think . 
  most people under 40 ( my generation ) are remain . 
  most over 40 are leave . 
  i expect it 's also split by urban/rural demographics too . 
  i want to see us stay , but it is all about who goes to the polls . 
  also , if we vote brexit i reckon cameron will stand down - and three guesses which blond bojo is angling to replace him . 
  at the same time , we also have british criminals ( like the suffolk murderer ) escape to the continent last week . 
  it goes both ways , and surely shutting down reciprocal agreements for policing is only going to make it harder to drag him back to try in english courts . 
  but how are we going to get more out of the eu if we 're no longer putting anything in to it ? 
  the eu is absolutely definitely not perfect , but surely like any system , you have to have influence inside it to really change it ? 
  which is just how snowden was stopped from escaping the usa and gaining asylum in russia , right ? 
  because of their visa system and strict border controls ? 
  keira knightly is famous for having her flat chest altered on the king arthur poster . 
  lupita nyong ' o is definitely one of the itty bitty titty committee . 
  i 'm a brit , so of course i 'm commenting at different times to the americas continent contingent , and it 's always really interesting seeing the fluctuation of my upvotes/downvotes when i 'm talking about being anti-gun . 
  when americans are around i 'll get a whole swathe of downvotes . 
  when europeans , australians and kiwis are awake my number goes right back up again !, 
  demographics , huh ? 
  the right wing press are much louder about leaving . 
  the guardian is very left wing , and the bbc is supposed to stay neutral in all things political . 
  for leave arguments , go to the daily mail ( ugh ) , the telegraph or the sun . 
  the times is right wing , but i 'm not actually sure what their arguments have been so far . 
  of course we have . 
  what else were the romans settling here if not immigrants ? 
  the normans ? 
  the danelaw , which split half of england up for the vikings ? 
  the fact that our first * native * english speaking king was n't until henry iv in 1272 . 
  george i was german and could n't speak a lick of english !, 
  our royal courts went to live in france all the time to learn manners before coming back to england . 
  catherine of aragon was spanish . 
  anne boleyn was brought up in the french courts . 
  most of english is made up of other languages - pyjamas and bungalow are hindi words brought in by our empire taking control of india . 
  we have always had other people from other countries come in and out of our borders and been influenced by them . 
  the 20th century did not suddenly see blockaded little island britain open the floodgates to the world , and it 's doing a massive disservice to our history if you think that way . 
  why is it that when you have 8 comments so far saying ` therapy is pointless and cruel ' , you happily reply to the one single downvoted comment that agrees with your world view ? 
  conversion therapy is * not * in the best future interests of your daughter . 
  changing school and accepting her * is * . 
  of course it 's not rude . 
  you ca n't do big grandiose events every year . 
  you 'll always get one or two who get snitty about it , but the vast majority of people are self aware enough to know when they 're not * close * friends with someone and would probably get excluded . 
  the metro is pretty big , but it 's also owned by the mail . 
  yes , and my zs look like 3s with a curly tail at the bottom . 
  i 'm going to rec a couple of fics with great tony and bucky moments this time . 
  i think that when they get along , they bounce off each other really nicely , and i love snarky teammates . 
  * escapement * is a gorgeous second-person recovering bucky piece with lovely bucky/steve moments . 
  tony keeps giving bucky gifts , and bucky does n't understand . 
  linkao3 ( 1597133 ), 
  * technophobia * is gen with hints of tony/bucky or a poly tony , and has such perfect tony-bucky snark i ca n't even tell you . 
  linkao3 ( 2840963 ), 
  * have you ever thought just maybe * is full of bucky-tony snark while tony and pepper play matchmaker for bucky and steve . 
  great notes of natasha/pepper , too !, 
  linkao3 ( 1533986 ), 
  sara_holmes ' amazing fic * i 'll keep you safe here with me * got me into winterhawk , most definitely . 
  i have n't even considered that pairing before i read it , and now it 's my second favourite to stucky . 
  she brings them together so well in this , and even when i re-read it , i 'm hanging on her every word . 
  linkao3 ( 4113102 ), 
  it hurts not to wear one . 
  i think 30 miles right now ? 
  i do n't mind a bit of a drive and i 'll be moving soon , so i like to keep my options open . 
  of course !, 
  i always like to know whether other people like the same things that i do . 
  someone on livejournal was talking about it a few years ago . 
  i decided to check it out and have n't gone back . 
  stop going to parlours and buying massages ? 
  you are sober , in daylight hours and consciously leaving the house , driving to these * specific * parlours and specifically asking for these massages . 
  all of these things are * conscious * decisions you have made . 
  stop acting like this is out of your control somehow . 
  just because you are dreaming about something and want something does n't mean you should run out and get it . 
  go to the gym instead . 
  take a walk . 
  call your girlfriend . 
  go the cinema . 
  go to a health club spa instead !, 
  stop choosing to go to erotica massage parlours . 
  the bourne films , especially bourne supremacy . 
  the action sequences are amazing !!, 
  i especially love the bit where he escapes from the police on the german metro train , and the bit where he 's looking at the fbi team through the sniper scope on the roof . 
  i do n't go bowling very often , but whenever i do there 's a league night playing , so it must be fairly popular for some . 
  i do n't know anyone who does regular bowling nights , though . 
  i tend to think of it more as a teenage birthday party thing , or family night out . 
  my housemates and i have a tumble dryer in the garage , but we tend to use clothes horses in the spare room instead . 
  the door is always open to air it out and we 'll open the window on nice days too . 
  i always donate to the uk charity , the royal national lifeboat institution . 
  they directly impact my home village and i know lots of crew volunteers for the lifeboats too . 
  they do amazing work , and they 're not publically funded at all . 
  you 're not compatible in major key areas , and right now all i can see is that you are the one doing the compromising and he 's not even trying to meet any of yours . 
  this relationship may seem ( almost ) perfect to you now , but in years to come how much more are you going to crave a dog , and how much might you resent him for refusing to consider having one ? 
  he 's not a bad person for disliking dogs , and you 're not a bad person for loving them - but i also do n't think that it makes you very compatible either . 
  i know r/relationships does jump to the break up thing 95 % of the time , but you asked us a question because we 're neutral observers . 
  you 've got six years of history with this guy weighting your judgement in favour of all of your compromises with him . 
  we 've got no idea who you two are , and all we see is a couple who are fundamentally incompatible in major areas of life and adulthood . 
  i 'm not sure you 're going to get much advice from many of us on ` making it work ' .
