  why not ? 
  * why * are they girls jobs ? 
  what makes girls jobs and boys job ? 
  does n't labelling that mean that you 're actually cutting off your own potential career avenues too ? 
  start at home , and then broaden out . 
  it 's much easier to start adjusting your preconceptions when it 's actually relatable to * you * , and makes a difference to people close to you , or affects people that you admire . 
  i work there at the weekends , so pretty well . 
  i went to primary school with one of them . 
  honest to god i have never ever * ever * paid attention to the way that anyone cuts up or eats their food . 
  that is literally the least interesting thing in the world to notice , apart from maybe whether they choose to put salt on or not . 
  who are these people with the extra-noticey skills ? 
  is this like the worlds worst superpower or something ? 
  the girl how can spot how you eat your chicken !, 
  oh i did n't actually count , so he might have a few more !, 
  going through some imdb quotes it looks like he had about ... fifteen all together . 
  i worked for about six years at the edinburgh fringe , doing technical theatre work in a really cool venue that spent the other ten months of the year existing as a derelict building and was gorgeous and atmospheric but full of mould . 
  the fringe is the best month ever , but the only downside was that you worked * stupid * hours with a crap diet , no sleep and in small , dark , dank rooms for six weeks . 
  at the end of one fringe i was doing the venue get-out ( pulling everything out right down to the electrics ) , and was gradually feeling worse and worse and worse and getting this * awful * hacking cough . 
  in the end , one day i just could n't even get out of bed , i felt so awful . 
  i called in sick , dragged myself to a doctors who promptly diagnosed a virus with a dash of bronchitis , prescribed me a pack of horse-sized antibiotics and basically sent me back to bed . 
  i do n't think i had the energy to move for two weeks . 
  i was staying in a friends house in their spare room but could n't join them for anything . 
  i missed the rest of the get out , missed the end-of-fringe party and generally spent the next fortnight feeling like total shit . 
  it was miserable . 
  i never really notice usernames until other people point them out , to be honest . 
  then i still do n't really find them that funny . 
  it can be so tough , especially when your heart is set on a place . 
  i was rejected from four different places before i got my teacher training place , and the only thing you can do is grit your teeth , be kind to yourself for a bit and keep ploughing on . 
  try not to get ahead of yourself with applications and start planning what area of town you want to live in , because it 'll only make it worse . 
  you 'll be okay !, 
  why are n't you going to kiss her on the first date ? 
  if it 's gone well , give her a kiss goodbye !, 
  you 're only over thinking it because it 's all new to you . 
  just relax , go with the flow and you 'll be fine . 
  the website is terrible too - it especially seems to hate chrome for some reason . 
  it keeps forgetting that i 've logged in ( which is a whole other matter in itself ) , and just sometimes will stop loading for no reason at all . 
  so frustrating !, 
  my best friend introduced me to her boyfriend a few weeks ago , and she told me in advance of the stuff she knew we had in common - certain books , certain films , stuff like that . 
  we 're both pretty chatty people and got along well , but i made sure to ask him about stuff my friend had told me about . 
  just have a chat with one of your friends ( the chattier one , ideally ) in advance and say `` oh , i know you 'll like a - you 're both into [ author ] and [ band ] . '', 
  hopefully they 'll just carry on the conversation themselves with the new person without you needing to worry about being a gooseberry . 
  cheers mate, 
  nip to the loo, 
  want a tea ? 
  / stick the kettle on, 
  weather 's nice / weather 's a bit shit today ( or some other comment about the weather ), 
  you could do some bingo squares where he 's commenting about the states , too - some comment about how large the food portions are , or how weird your adverts are or something . 
  i never tip my hairdresser , and my haircuts normally cost about thirty quid . 
  he does it on every post by americans . 
  it 's just really boring now . 
  i 've seen all of the trailers , but that 's it . 
  i 'm deliberately staying away from as much information about aou as i can now . 
  i just find that movies are so much more enjoyable when you 're not expecting something . 
  in the last two hunger games films i 've been caught up so much in how they 're translating the books to screen that i never really let myself get carried away by the film and just came out of it thinking ` meh ' . 
  i 'd rather not know anything ( bar the obvious ) and be really surprised . 
  sebastian stan 's stunt double definitely tweeted ( or instagrammed ) from the aou set , but apparently he 's also a stunt choreographer as well , so ... who knows !, 
  it might be a possibility that we get a glimpse of him . 
  oh , yes . 
  i love [ this scene ] ( https://youtu.be/odgrodvbjbu ) between erskine and steve as well . 
  `` no , i do n't have procedure tomorrow . 
  drink it after ? 
  drink it now . '', 
  such a great little moment . 
  the cap/bucky highway fight , yondu 's taking down the sakuran soldiers with his arrow , the guardians prison break scene ... 
  i really like rewatching tony stark 's scenes , mostly just because rdj is just so perfect as stark . 
  i love the scene where he first builds the mk i in the cave ( i did have it linked on youtube but i guess it 's been taken down because i ca n't find it anywhere now ) , but i 'm particularly soft for the scene in im2 where tony [ watches the film recorded by howard ] ( https://youtu.be/xu5gv6zsk1u ) . 
  it 's a lovely character-building moment and rdj plays it so well . 
  the scene in im2 where tony is introduced to [ natasha as natalie rushman ] ( https://youtu.be/9iojx7zmhqa ) is great too - to be honest , i mainly just love it for pepper 's `` oh my god ! '', 
  when natasha flips happy over in the boxing ring . 
  moisturise every day !, 
  take care of your skin and form a routine now so that 30/40 year old you will thank you . 
  oh i might do that then . 
  is the region locking not a pain though ? 
  i play mine through the ps3 . 
  neither are on the uk netflix right now , but i could watch agent carter when i was in denmark a few weeks ago . 
  you can contact netflix , chat to an online rep and request additions , which i did for agent carter the other day , but there 's no real telling when anything will be added . 
  i am . 
  i think it 's just someone being an arse and downvoting everything for no reason . 
  most comments were in the negatives in the british bingo thread too . 
  what area are you going to move to and where are you coming from ? 
  it varies just a teensy bit depending on whether you 're going to scotland or london or anywhere inbetween . 
  a mix of salty and sweet popcorn , or a big bag of maltesers , and a massive bottle of water . 
  a double scoop of ben & jerrys with the little chocolate fishies on top is a great treat too . 
  i can be a really great texter sometimes , like within thirty seconds , but most other times i 'll forget about it for days at a time . 
  my friend r and i are both the same way , which is making arrangements for meeting up really really difficult !, 
  i 'm sure i won some hair products once , but i never actually recieved them . 
  i chased them up and everything , but no joy . 
  edit : oh i remember now !, 
  i got one of those ` star letters ' printed in a national magazine ( elle or company or something ) , and i won some really nice hair stuff . 
  well , * apparently * i won it . 
  i think i prefer to mention it if we 've gone past three dates . 
  i do n't like hanging around much . 
  sure !, 
  go for it !, 
  just say something about how nice it was to meet him at the party , and it was a shame you got dragged off so quickly . 
  ask if he had a good time and go from there . 
  how exciting !, 
  she 's giving you * every other * sign of interest and you 're not sure because she takes a couple of hours to text back ? 
  seriously ? 
  lots of people just are n't glued to their phones , and two hours is hardly a marathon wait .
