  he could be bi . 
  he 's also gone through seventy years of having his head fucked with . 
  a slight sexuality change is hardly going to make a big dent in the whole ` recovering from being a soviet super-assassin ' deal . 
  pointless !, 
  it 's a british show where you compete in pairs . 
  they give you a subject ( like capital cities of europe , or actors called julia ) and you have to think of the answer that got the least number of suggestions after the show asked 100 people . 
  to win the prize money at the end you have to think of an answer that got no suggestions at all ( i.e. , was a pointless answer ) . 
  that or only connect , which is more of a lateral thinking game , but which is great . 
  pets , important dates , and a randomly generated password i got given by a website ages ago that has just stuck in my head . 
  up a hill ? 
  you just move into a lower gear if the engine is struggling . 
  if you 're in 4th on the flat , switch down to 3rd on the hill . 
  that 's all you need to do . 
  this was around 2002/2003 . 
  i was one of the first ( if not the first ) person in my school to own an mp3 player . 
  no one knew what the fuck it was , and i kept getting asked if it was a minidisc player . 
  i remember getting all these bizarre looks when i said you could download music from the internet onto it . 
  i think it held something like a grand total of 20 mb and ten songs . 
  i was so proud . 
  my mum for life advice , my dad for practical advice , and my best friend who 's known me since i was 15 for most day to day stuff . 
  what happens if you say ` no , i do n't want to go tonight . ' ? 
  does he still go anyway , or does he stay home with you ? 
  when i was thirteen , my family drove us six hours to cornwall for a summer holiday . 
  within twenty minutes of getting there i 'd fallen over and broken both bones in my left wrist . 
  i even ended up having to get surgery on it twice , once when we were there and once when i got home as the bones had slipped . 
  not fun !, 
  ba in theatre production , and then i did get a do over by doing a ba in history a few years later . 
  what you do now as an undergrad does n't have to define your life forever and ever amen . 
  i know it 's a huge amount of pressure , but please , do n't do something because your parents want you to . 
  they are not the ones doing the studying for three years , or applying for jobs afterwards , or living this life , * you * are . 
  do what * you * want to do . 
  they will get over it , and you will be so much happier . 
  my age has nothing to do with it . 
  i 'm 31 . 
  i did my first degree when i was 18 and did my second through distance learning when i was 27 . 
  i am in the uk though , so we have the open university , which makes things a little more accessible . 
  i 'm a secondary school teacher , first year out of training . 
  it 's really satisfying , and our exam boards have just changed so i am constantly trying to keep up my subject knowledge all the time . 
  a splash of milk to anything except green tea . 
  i used to take sugar , but i cut that out as it was too much . 
  if he 's a redditor you could always get him to post in the r/ireland sub about how irish he feels . 
  they 'll smack him down like nobodies business , particularly if he starts mentioning his support for the ira . 
  because he is not irish , he is american , and he 's trying to equate ( or even better ) his family history with ops ethnic background . 
  they are not similar . 
  as a brit , it drives me up the wall when americans claim they are english or scottish or irish . 
  they are not . 
  they are american with some irish family history . 
  getting a visa from the government will not make him irish !, 
  i 'm english , so i can move anywhere in europe if i like , but me moving to france would never in a million years make me french . 
  even if i moved tomorrow and lived there for the next fifty years , i would always be english . 
  ops boyfriend is , and always will be , american . 
  she 's now told you twice that you 're not going on a date , so yes , i would take that as a firm refusal for anything romantic . 
  do n't keep trying to push your luck . 
  he sounds more like * he * does n't try . 
  a relationship should be a partnership , but it sounds very much like you 're the one putting in all the effort and he just does the same thing he has always done . 
  surely if he 's telling you that if this exact conversation has happened with all his execs , that means he has never learnt or grown from any of them , and now he never will . 
  he 's 41 years old . 
  this is it . 
  it sounds like you 're learning and growing as a person , and you 've most definitely outgrown him . 
  sleep . 
  tell him even if you passed his asinine loyalty test , he failed your ` be a decent human being ' test , and he 's still your ex . 
  what a knob . 
  ooooh thanks !, 
  i just set this up - it 's so cool !, 
  `` ooh , dateable prospects !, 
  are they cute ? '', 
  when i 'm a single straight woman in my thirties , why on earth would i think otherwise ? 
  if you want to be a history specialist , i would say go secondary ( and look at uea , because i trained there and it 's an excellent course ) . 
  if you want to work with the younger kids , go primary . 
  realistically you 're not going to do much history teaching at primary sector , and if you want to be secondary then yes , you need that ks4 knowledge/aptitude . 
  in east anglia at least , they have mostly phased out the middle school level , so 7-14 does n't really suit anyone . 
  keep your options as wide as possible . 
  i 'd also say to make sure you 've had work experience with both ages to know what you really prefer . 
  mum is right to punish you , and clearly you do n't think you 've done anything wrong by letting your six year old little brother watch a very violent scene . 
  i 'm thirty one and i always skip that part as it 's way too much for me - why on earth did you think it was suitable for a six year old ? 
  also , that 's episode 4 , so either you specifically chose that episode , or you also showed a six year old violent scenes with people getting shot , stabbed and committing suicide . 
  you 're an idiot , and you need to apologise . 
  why did n't you just rewatch one of the films he 's already seen ? 
  if i have fun ? 
  i guess that 's my main criteria . 
  if the conversation was easy , i felt comfortable and maybe wanted to kiss him , then i 'm keen for a second date . 
  i went for a first date in thursday and he 's just invited me on a second , so i guess it ticked all those boxes !, 
  on my sofa in se england watching randy 's wedding rescue and having lunch before i get back to my stack of essay marking . 
  a quiet weekend at home is actually very welcome for a change . 
  i seem to have gained a ridiculous amount of patience somehow . 
  even i 'm impressed with how much i seem to be able to stay calm in the face of stupidly stressful situations . 
  i 'm also much , much happier with myself and more self confident . 
  i like who i am . 
  i did n't really like who i was when i was 16 . 
  it 's the first term of your first year at uni . 
  of * course * everyone is going a bit batshit crazy . 
  this is probably the first bit of real freedom most people have ever really had . 
  it * will * calm down . 
  this is n't an example of the real world , it 's an example of eighteen year olds out on their own with a stack of alcohol and no responsibility . 
  you need to take a step back , try to ignore what everyone else is doing and focus on you . 
  not everyone ( guys or girls ) is there to cheat . 
  it 's not more girls to blame than guys , and you ca n't say `` it 's ** girls ** who have destroyed my trust '' when in the next sentence you say you see just as many men doing the same thing . 
  maybe try to spend a bit more time in the library and a bit less time worrying about who is sleeping with who ? 
  you 're sleeping with just as many taken women as these girls are . 
  should n't they be worried about you respecting fidelity in relationships too ?
