  and then finished off with steaming hot apricot crumble and double cream . 
  god . 
  a. ... resume ? 
  for courting ... ? 
  what planet are you on ? 
  i get little crushes on women all the time or find myself wanting to touch their hair or kiss them ( you know that craving when you 're talking to someone and you just want to kiss them for no reason ? 
  ) , but i 've never really found myself physically attracted to a woman . 
  like , i 've never stopped and thought ` wow , i want to rip her shirt off and go somewhere ridiculously private with her now ' , which i * have * felt an awful lot with men . 
  conversely , i find it much , much easier to get more emotionally attached or emotionally connected to women than i do with men . 
  i find it hard to really be myself around men , except one of my gay friends who i used to live with . 
  a redditor for a month with no other comments or posts . 
  has to be a troll , surely . 
  shoulders . 
  always . 
  a nice muscular back and that loooooovely v that points just where you ought to go . 
  yum . 
  one kiss on the cheek is fine , unless you 're trying to be suave , in which case go for one on each side . 
  pub etiquette is to wait along the bar until the bartender catches your eye and only order then . 
  do n't whistle , click your fingers or wave money at them , just wait your turn . 
  there * is * a queuing system , but it 's sort of an invisible queue and more of an innate system to brits . 
  you 'll get the hang of it soon enough . 
  offer to buy drinks for whoever else you 're with when you 're going up to order - if you 're in a group , then most people should buy a round or two each . 
  most pubs do n't have table service , though it 's okay to order a round of drinks from a waiter if you 're eating and they bring your food . 
  standard restaurant tips are about 10 % though we 're quite lax about tipping anyway . 
  hah yeah , as a bartender i know roughly who 's been waiting the longest and will serve people in turn . 
  if i 'm not sure i ask `` who 's next '' and generally people point them out . 
  there can be a bit of back and forth `` he was next '' `` nah mate , you go '' `` you sure ? '', 
  `` yeah , yeah , go ahead '' kind of thing , so do n't worry about letting someone else get a drink ahead of you . 
  the bartender will know who 's next . 
  how much do you drink ? 
  after two beers at the most i 'm gone . 
  just buying one round is fine , i just meant some people are extra generous and pitch in for two or more . 
   it 's also cool just to ask for a soft drink or turn another drink down all together if you want , unless your friends are the pushy ` drink more ! ', 
  probably . 
  we duck into pubs to get out of the rain , and we 'll head to a pub garden to sit outside and enjoy the sunshine . 
  most days are a heady mix of the two . 
  uk based and i do n't really feel affiliated to any of the parties . 
  i wo n't vote conservative next time because i hate the bedroom tax , and also think the minister for education is a witless idiot . 
  i want to become a teacher in the next five years , so that 's kind of important . 
  saying that , my local mp is a conservative and seems to have voted along the same lines as my personal views almost every time , so i would be happy to vote for him again . 
  i 'm quite socially liberal , pro public utilities such as a keeping the nhs and post office nationalised rather than privatising any part of them , and i 'm pro-eu . 
  i think the green party possibly matches my views best . 
  yeah , i 'd definitely agree with you , but i ca n't put my finger on it either . 
  i do know that for some reason american men always seem so much taller than brit guys !, 
  yup , you 're right - for a lot of girls it is n't enough . 
  good news ; for lots of other girls , it is !, 
  so go out there and find those other girls who are okay with seeing you as much as you can see them . 
  because honestly , they * really really * are out there . 
  she 's not interested in you . 
  she does n't want sex , she told you she does n't even want you sleeping over ( i 'm assuming to avoid you trying to come on to her ) , she wants less contact and she is talking to someone else . 
  you 've said it yourself , she 's distancing herself from you . 
  all of those are ** massive glaring hints ** telling you to back off and leave this girl alone . 
  she has moved on . 
  you need to , too . 
  if i like the guy and he likes me . 
  i kissed a guy on the first date just a few weeks ago and it turned into a full on make out session . 
  lovely stuff . 
  but do you want to think of yourself as the man who stayed in a relationship you do n't really want , trying to believe in something you do n't really believe in , just because you felt you needed to be loyal ? 
  sometimes in life you * have * to be selfish . 
  you have to think of what you want out of * your * life , even though you know it might hurt other people . 
  tell her you 'll always be a shoulder for her to lean on , that you do care for her , then get out . 
  agree with this . 
  i think not only are you picking the wrong people , instead of taking it easy you are getting * so * over attached and excited by them giving you attention that you 're getting way in over your head and then crashing and burning if things do n't work out . 
  you 're also only meeting people through friends or through work , which is probably half the issue - you 're not widening the scope of people you 're getting to know . 
  get out more . 
  push yourself to be more social and go outside your friendship circle . 
  you * have * to make the effort to meet new people , otherwise you 'll just end up with the same old women who you 're not having any luck with . 
  have you tried online dating at all ? 
  go talk to / r/okcupid and give it a shot . 
  it 'll help you widen your friendship circle at the very least . 
  sometimes i just do n't know what to say . 
  i 'm not * that * good at small talk , and i hate defaulting to `` so , how was work '' or `` is n't it * chilly * today ? 
  '' , or having a two second giggle at some guy 's weird hair . 
  even with my best friends , a lot of time they start the conversation off just because they 're a bit more gregarious than me . 
  i do n't mean anything by it . 
  i physically try and make myself smile . 
  i think the action of smiling makes the body release endorphins or something , which actually does improve your mood . 
  along with that i put on a really realllllly catchy song and sing out loud with it at top volume . 
  singing something fun always gets me out of a funk . 
  * taking off socks and bra at the end of a long day, 
  * my puppydog looking up at me with those big brown eyes, 
  * getting lost in a really good book, 
  * the first bite of an amazing steak, 
  * brisk , clear autumn mornings, 
  * laying underneath a warm duvet with no reason to get up at all, 
  as far as exercise goes , find a sport you love . 
  experiment , try something new - if you love it , then you 'll * want * to go back and do it , which will get you moving . 
  i despise running , i can take or leave swimming , but i will drive for an hour through rainy , ugly , cold weather to go and do my gymnastics sessions . 
  or the uk . 
  no issues here . 
  she 's just growing up , is all . 
  she 's meeting new people and trying new things , and working out who she is as a person . 
  she 's only 20 - she 's still got so much changing and growing to do . 
  you have , too . 
  going away to college changes you enormously , even if it 's only for one term like you said . 
  suddenly you 're in a totally different environment with all of these new responsibilities and pressures to handle , and you 're doing it all surrounded by totally new people who you 're getting all excited about meeting . 
  i 'm sure she 's just getting carried away with it all , but you know what ? 
  if you 're really going to be married and be together for the rest of your life , through thick and thin , then look at this as one big learning curve . 
  neither of you are going to be the same people when you 're 60 as you are now in your twenties . 
  you need to learn to support who she becomes as a person , and she needs to learn to support you .
