  nothing else was to be seen ; the dale all around was empty . 
  * doom * . 
  grief at last wholly overcame them , and they wept long : some standing and silent , some cast upon the ground . 
  * doom , doom * . 
  the drum-beats faded . 
  for a fun intro to fantasy , i 'd say you can never go wrong with the * harry potter * series . 
  wizards , giants , merpeople and goblins are all definitely fantasy , and it really is a series that will swallow you up . 
  do n't be fooled by the idea that it 's a childrens series ; it does get very dark from book 4 onwards . 
  from there , you can move on to other fun things like * the hobbit * and then maybe something like brandon sanderson 's short books like * steelheart * and * warbreaker * or terry pratchett 's * discworld * books before going into a full tilt fantasy series . 
  best suggestion : start short , start fun , and build from there . 
  if you try and launch yourself into something epic like * lord of the rings * you 'll just burn out , and that would be such a shame . 
  different books use different magic systems ; i.e. 
  the characters utilise magic , or magic exists in completely different ways . 
  take * lord of the rings * , or * harry potter * for example . 
  there we have characters who have an innate ability to wield magic and most often do it by incanting spells , or by directing power through objects ( gandalf 's staff , harry 's wand ) . 
  other variations on this include karen miller 's * innocent mage * series , where a few characters wield magic by controlling the weather . 
  brandon sanderson turned the trope on its head in * mistborn * by having his magic system comply with physics , which does n't often happen in high fantasy novels . 
  characters can ingest and use small amounts of metal to influence movement and actions . 
  steel pushes things away , iron pulls it towards you , for example . 
  the magic only lasts as long as the character has enough of the metal inside them , which gives it ( and his characters ) physical limitations . 
  robin hobb uses different types of magic again in her * farseer * series . 
  in that one , only certain people can do certain types of magic . 
  one type is called the wit , where people can talk to animals . 
  another type is the skill , which is more of a psychic power , most often seen with people talking through thoughts to each other , influencing people 's actions or emotions or exploring another person 's mind . 
  we also see the skill as a * physical * object , an actual skill river of silver material which enables the user to manipulate natural materials like wood or stone . 
  you see that more in the later * assassins quest * books and her * rain wild chronicles * books . 
  i 'm sure lots more people here can give you examples , but those are just a few of the different types of magic you get in fantasy . 
  when people refer to the magic system used in a book , they 're mostly talking about how magic appears in that world , which type of characters are allowed to use it , and how they actually operate it . 
  i hope that helps a bit !, 
  i * knew * i recognised him in sherlock !, 
  sooo handsome . 
  well , technically , independent schools ( which they call themselves ) are split into public and private . 
  i think the school has to be a certain age to be ` public ' , because they were originally set up as a public school . 
  everything after that is classified as ` private ' . 
  i do n't think it 's anyones ` fault ' . 
  some people hated tdos , i personally loved it and have had a rollicking time watching and re-watching it . 
  plenty of other people loved it , and peter 's clearly happy with it . 
  yes , he probably added bits ( tauriel and kili ) and altered parts to appeal to the mass audience , but if he 's got the time and budget , why should n't he ? 
  he 's not the only screenwriter here , and in an adaption from book to screen , things need to change . 
  you ca n't be 100 % completely faithful to the text every single time . 
  you also ca n't please everyone . 
  pj knows that , and i think he 's making the adaption that he likes best . 
  naomi novik 's * temeraire * series about dragons being used in the british navy during the napoleonic wars is wonderful and very character driven . 
  i love it , and it 's total holiday material , since it 's quite light and fluffy . 
  i do n't , and i never would . 
  i 'm british , and though guns are legal to own here , you have to go through a shitload of hoops to get licensed . 
  only farmers , or outdoor sports people really have them . 
  i have a general distaste for guns , and i 'm glad they 're as restricted as they are . 
  i 'd probably support more restrictions if they were introduced . 
  hungry . 
  it 's quarter past eleven and i want my lunch nooowwwwwww . 
  i have three , all text . 
  two are in latin , one is in english . 
  for the first one on my back , i knew i wanted latin text , so i just googled short latin quotes until i found one i liked . 
  it says * dum spiro spero * , or * while i breathe , i hope * , and i still love it . 
  i also double and triple checked the grammar first !, 
  the second i got on my wrists ( one word on each ) , and says * terras irradient * , which means * let them bring light to the world * . 
  i trained as a theatre lighting designer and did that freelance for four years , so it was the perfect choice . 
  see them every day , get asked about it all the time , still love it . 
  the third one is a madonna song lyric on my ribs , which i got on impulse whilst in mexico ( of all places ) . 
  it 's the one i see the least and also the one i like the least , but at least it 's the one that 's the most covered up . 
  i like the placement , just not the choice of text , since it seems a bit cheesy now . 
  she did n't make a bad judgement . 
  she was single and she had sex with someone else . 
  she had fun . 
  she is * twenty seven years old * . 
  if she wants to go fuck someone else while she 's single and have a good night , i think it 's a fabulous decision . 
  it 's op 's bad judgement to get so arsey about it . 
   i need you guys to not only tell me that my thinking is primitive and selfish , but also why it 's so stupid to think these things . 
  your thinking is primitive , selfish and deluded . 
  you broke up . 
  being a grown woman , she was hardly going to sit around in a glass box all day waiting for you . 
  she missed you , she wanted companionship , she found some sex . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  she has done absolutely nothing wrong , and * you * are the one damaging your reconciliation by holding this over her . 
  if you do n't get back together , it 's because you clearly ca n't get over the fact that she 's a grown , single woman who went and found a rebound after a mutual breakup . 
  she does n't need to regret this . 
  she does n't need to apologise to anyone . 
  * you * need to make sure that if , ** if ** you get back with her , you will one hundred percent never hold this over her as a `` i kept myself for * you * deal '' . 
  if you ca n't bring yourself around to the fact that human beings can be in love with one person and still want the physical experience and companionship of sex with another , then that is your problem . 
  i also wonder , honestly , that if you had managed to date or sleep with another woman during this breakup , would this even be a problem ? 
  or is it just that she got some and you did n't ? 
  something to consider . 
  fictional male gay couples in my imagination . 
  plus de hot . 
  maybe it 's worth impressing on him that particular fact that insurance companies wo n't pay out on unlocked premises . 
  if the vague idea that ` we do n't want to get robbed , do we ? ', 
  does n't work , then sit down with him , write out a full and complete list of all items you own in your house that may be attractive to a burglar - tv , laptop , dvd player , jewellery , musical instruments , games consoles , tablet , ipod - and add the value of that lot up . 
  * that * is how much he would lost out on by not locking the door . 
  maybe concrete numbers will make things a little more realistic . 
  he plays the ( sexy ) dwarf kili in the latest hobbit films , if that helps ? 
  but / u/bratchny already gave you your answer as to why she slept with someone else . 
  actually , your ex gave you her answer , you 're just not listening . 
  she was lonely . 
  she wanted companionship . 
  she missed you , but you were broken up , so she knew it was healthier not to complicate things by sleeping with you . 
  she went to find that physical contact with someone else , and found out that casual sex does n't work for her . 
  in the end , she separated sex and love , because she was n't in a relationship with the man she was in love with . 
  lots of people do it . 
  there 's nothing more complicated to it than that .
