  i will admit that i partly decided to grow it because i like how it feels when guys play with my hair when we 're kissing , and you do n't get that with short hair . 
  hands in long hair feels much nicer . 
  at uni i was friends ( well ... acquaintances ) with a guy who was about the richest , snottiest guy you 're ever going to meet . 
  i 'm english , so imagine all of the stereotypes you ever heard about rich english boys and he fills them . 
  i mean , he only wanted to live on roads where you paid above a certain amount for your rent , because it was the ` correct ' place to live . 
  that sort of snob . 
  anyway , we were invited as a small group of friends to a bonfire night staff party at a local sports centre . 
  the general public had a bonfire outside on the pitch , the staff had an indoor buffet where it was nice and warm . 
  sandwiches , music , view of the fireworks etc. 
  perfect . 
  we walk in , and my friend stops , looks around with this aghast expression on his face and says '' * god * . 
  this is such a * working class * party . '', 
  he came out with some real classics sometimes , but that one just topped it all off . 
  for study i prefer pen and paper , especially with a rollerball or with a pencil . 
  i always do my essay outlines on a piece of a4 before i start typing , and i write down all of my ( many ) references in a bound notebook to refer to later . 
  for fun writing i like to use google docs - i do rp , so it 's much easier to bounce things back and forth between us through docs and share it in real time as we go . 
  some comic runs use it and others do n't , but yes , hawkeye is or has been historically deaf or hard of hearing . 
  fraction was inspired to bring it back by meeting the creator of a children 's show ( signing time i think ? 
  i forget the name ) and her deaf daughter who 's a hawkeye fan . 
  just give # 19 a go on marvel unlimited . 
  it 's so good . 
  edit : i 've just gone looking through the [ marvel wiki ] ( http://marvel.wikia.com/clinton_barton_%28earth-616%29 ) which adds this :, 
   for a time , he was 80 % deaf due to an injury sustained while in crossfire 's captivity , but his hearing was restored during his rebirth on franklin richards ' counter-earth . 
  he was again deafened by the clown , who jammed hawkeye 's own arrows into both of hawkeye 's ears , causing damage to the middle and inner ears . 
  he remains largely deaf , and uses hearing aids , sign language , and lip reading to understand those around him , while using sign language or normal speech to communicate to them . 
   it was also revealed in volume 4 of the hawkeye comic that as a child , abuse from his father left him partially deaf , but it 's unknown if it was temporary or if it lasted until adulthood , with him successfully hiding it . 
  i have photos with him and my other friends from when we got back to the flat so he must have done , but i think i was too exasperated to spend much time with him at the actual party !, 
  uncomfortable and a little bit weird . 
  i go to adults gymnastics classes , and i freely admit that my favourite sessions to attend were at a gym that was situated further away from me , but always seemed to be full of parkour guys doing somersaults with their shirts off . 
  i looked . 
  plenty . 
  especially when i was sat around just doing some hamstring stretches . 
  they were * gorgeous * . 
   go to any spanish resort down the east coast in july or august and you will see thousands of working class brits . 
  we get to thank the victorians for that !, 
  they started off the seaside holidays and though it was an upper class reason to ` take the air ' it became a working class thing to have a seaside holiday once the railways became abundant and cheap . 
  the airlines just copied the railway companies , really . 
  i 'm in almost the exact same position as you . 
  i was really close friends with a girl , c , for three years in uni and we lived together the whole time . 
  we stayed in contact for a while longer after uni , but for the last year or two she 's not returned any phone calls , texts , facebook messages or event invites - not just from me either , from any of our uni group . 
  she occasionally posts photos of her with some newer friends , but as far as i can tell she is just not interested in being friends at all any more . 
  i 've invited her to my birthday drinks this weekend , but at this point i do n't think she 'll even turn up . 
  i 've moaned about it with mutual friends and they all say the same thing - c is n't just flaky , she 's totally non-communicative with any of us . 
  it really hurts - like , it * really * hurts , because when i do see her we get along like a house on fire , but in the end i 've just had to admit that she 's not worth chasing . 
  if she was a real friend , she would make the effort to keep up with me every so often , and it is better for me , and for my self-esteem to stop trying to force a friendship that , in all honesty , no longer exists . 
  i think it 's the same thing with you and felicity . 
  it 's so hard , because you get so attached to your friends , but if she was a real friend she would * want * to catch up with you and make plans to hang out . 
  do n't keep putting salt in the wound . 
  let her get in touch if she ever changes her mind , but make yourself and other ( real ) friends the priority . 
  it 'll honestly be a weight off your shoulders when you just let her go . 
  it 's very different hearing a 13 year old saying `` i 'll be leaving this place ! '', 
  to having a 22 year old actually arranging to go , especially when it 's thirteen hours away . 
  this is something that you have invested * years * into , and for you it 's all about the excitement - new city , new job , new lifestyle . 
  for them , it 's just downsides - their daughter might be moving way way away and not coming back . 
  i would also say , cautiously , please do n't count your chickens before they 're hatched . 
  a second interview is amazing , but it 's not a guarantee . 
  your parents might be tempering their reactions just in case you do n't get it , which * is * still a possibility . 
  it 's really exciting , but please please do be realistic and do n't let yourself get too carried away with `` we 'll live here and shop here and our kids will go to school here '' , just in case it does n't work out like that . 
  well , most of the actors that i fancy right now are early thirties , so probably somewhere about there . 
  i always had a big crush on howie from the backstreet boys . 
  i remember when take that split up , and my best friend at the time was * inconsolable * . 
  she wore her tt t-shirt for days on end , and i remember her sobbing her heart out in her garage because of the news . 
  some things never change !, 
  my name is really unusual , so i do n't think there is one at all . 
  so far it 's just one girl band member , so i guess any potential stereotype would be lead by her . 
  that 's a scary thought . 
  i do n't look for pictures of mr average joe , but i do enjoy swooning over hot celebrities at / r/ladyboners . 
  i do n't suppose it 's * that * different , but i 've grown up in a popular seaside village in essex , and the main thing that sticks out to me is mostly the population flow during the year . 
  in the winter everything is quiet and peaceful and you can nip to the post office or the co op without any hassle . 
  from easter when the tourists turn up ( our local term is grockles , or the romford navy for the waterskiiers ) , it 's like you ca n't move for people . 
  the beach is a thousand times busier so you have to walk the dog early morning or late at night , the co op is constantly sold out of stuff and there is no chance of getting a parking spot * anywhere * . 
  i 'm glad my home town is kept alive because of the tourists , but summer can be really aggravating for just nipping out to do the basics , and it 's always nice when october comes around again . 
  uh , are n't there actual sports sweatbands that might fit under an f1 helmet instead ? 
  i mean , whatever method works etc etc but is n't a bit ... clunky ? 
  no , do n't do this !, 
  it 's illegal to carry any kind of defensive item in the uk , including pepper spray . 
  ops coming from copenhagen so she 'll be absolutely fine in london . 
  it 's not a dangerous city . 
  get yourself an oyster card from your nearest tube station when you get to london , it 's the easiest way to get around on the underground and buses . 
  the city is soooo walkable and there 's so much to see , you 're going to love it . 
  the free tours at the tower of london are particularly good since you 're a history geek , and you 're going to adore the british museum - i 've been there so many times and still have n't seen everything !, 
  it 's fine to prefer girlie girls , but i think you 're hitting a fine line when you say you 're almost ` repulsed ' by girls who are more boyish or who call themselves feminists . 
  feminism is n't an ` indulgence ' or a lifetyle , it 's a point of view where we think women and men should stand on equal terms . 
  that 's it . 
  you also do n't have to be old to be sexist - in fact , i think you 've probably got a lot of maturing and opinion developing to do since you 're only 20 . 
  maybe in the future i 'd like to get a masters in classical civilisation ( romans etc ) , but it would just be a personal thing for me to enjoy . 
  for some reason , doing postgraduate stuff seems to be far more common in the states than here in the uk and i 'm not quite sure why . 
  definitely make space to visit the imperial war museum and the london museum as well as the british museum then - i 'm a history nerd who lives within an hour of london and those are my favourite places to go . 
   you 're spoiled for history in london , there 's so much to see !, 
  same here . 
  i knew absolutely nothing about gone girl before i went in to see it and * loved * it . 
  conversely i knew hunger games : mockingjay back to front before i saw part 1 and could n't stop thinking about ` how have they adapted this bit ' or ` oh this bit is coming up !, 
  ' , and i never really enjoyed the film . 
  i 've seen the first two trailers for avengers : aou but i 'm staying away from everything else before it comes out next month . 
  knowing too much just ruins it for me . 
  i like american m&m s better than uk m&m s , but that 's about it . 
  you might be surprised , but easter is more of an adult holiday here . 
  we swap big hollow chocolate eggs ( which i understand you do n't have in the us at all ? ), 
  and only sometimes do egg hunts for kids . 
  we also get an extra day off at christmas ( boxing day ) and generally all sit around watching lots of tv .
