  i do n't * have * to , but i * want * to . 
  on the hair comparison , maybe person a feels like they look better by having curly hair in the same way as they might feel like they look better by wearing a red dress instead of a grey one . 
  sure , person b might just brush and go to work . 
  good on person b. 
  person a does n't have to just brush and go if she does n't want to and there are cool curling irons around to tame your mass of hair frizz . 
  she also does n't have to wear a grey dress , even if it suits person b and their straight brushed hair just fine . 
  100 % prefer action to rom coms . 
  i will pick the bourne supremacy over 10 things i hate about you every single time . 
  i 'll also usually pick lord of the rings over bourne supremacy most times , but that 's a bit more mood-dependant . 
  i am so much of a things-blowing-up kind of girl . 
  sure . 
  i would . 
  there are things blowing up in there , people fighting and even occasional car chases in indiana jones . 
  they 're definitely action movies as much as being sci-fi ones . 
  a romantic subplot does not a rom com make . 
  radio 4 has discussions on * everything * you could possibly wish for , ranging from comedy shows to international affairs to domestic discussions and drama plays . 
  i like womens hour , in our time and front row best . 
  you can listen to it [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/radio# ) . 
  verbally the 12 hour , written down or displayed in 24 hour . 
  we also measure parts of the hour in ` five/ten/quarter past ' , ` half past ' and ` five/ten/quarter to ' . 
  ah , i did n't know if you 'd learned about it yet or not !, 
  there 's a lot of cultural references for brits that come out of radio 4 , like the afternoon drama the archers , which is set in a farming village and has been running for thirty-odd years . 
  their radio plays really are wonderfully done , so give one or two a chance as well . 
  just a minute , the now show and i 'm sorry i have n't a clue are great comedy programmes too if you want something a bit more lighthearted , but imho the best shows of isihac are when the previous presenter humphrey lyttelton was still alive . 
  we were both sixteen , had been together six months or so and he 'd invited me along on his first real holiday with his mum to australia of all places . 
  i think we were staying at some kind of holiday lodge in tasmania . 
  i basically said `` i want to sleep with you '' , and he actually made me go away and think about it properly for an hour or two to make sure i * really * wanted to and was sure about it . 
  then we did it , and it was fine . 
  i mostly remember thinking about how long it was all taking and seriously was n't he done yet , but other than it being a bit uncomfortable at first it was n't a bad way to go . 
  i work for my dad . 
  i did four years freelance as a theatre lighting technician but decided to quit as the hours were stupid , the contracts were n't reliable enough and the money was n't there . 
  i tried out some pr companies for a while and decided i hated it , even though i was good at it . 
  my dad suggested he needed a new sales person for his tiny company and would i like to join him ? 
  i had a think about it , decided it would be a good move and went for it . 
  it 's worked out pretty well so far , but i wo n't be here forever . 
  i do gymnastics so i need lycra fitted stuff so nothing can get caught up in equipment . 
  i luuuuuuurve shockwave sports bras for my hefty boobies , and i 'm pretty sure i ordered my last couple through amazon . 
  the clip hooks do tend to get worn out and loose pretty quickly , though . 
  for the leggings and tops i need sports direct stocks most of the major brands like adidas and nike so i 'll go there . 
  i love my adidas leggings , but the only brand of top i 've found that i even like a little bit is la gear ( i think ) . 
  i 've had an interesting time trying to order water in deepest oklahoma until my american friend stepped in and said `` wadder '' instead . 
  on the same trip at a house party i had one of her friends want me to say ` bloody hell ' several times for the hell of it and then ran off laughing when i did . 
  they also thought i was completely mental for bringing wine to the same house party . 
  i love talking to americans who love my accent and it definitely gets me some perks sometimes , but you do have to be in non touristy places like texas or oklahoma for it to really work . 
  new yorkers and angelenos were too used to it , and i think most floridians would be too with the disney effect . 
  nope . 
  just a greeting for me . 
  a kiss on the cheek is pretty platonic and does n't mean anything at all . 
  everyone ? 
  but it 's not at all . 
  it may seem like it looking at it as a man , but as women this is what we are * all the time * . 
  we are how big our tits are , how pretty we are , how good our hairstyle is . 
  we 're never jane the lawyer in the same way that you might look at a guy on the street and go `` oh , he 's obviously a lawyer cause of that sweet suit he 's wearing , that 's hot '' . 
  men look at jane and go `` hot girl . 
  long legs . 
  tits look great . 
  let 's tell her . '', 
  it 's not flattering at all . 
  we want to be desired , but the thing is we are * painfully * aware that a lot of public calculation of a woman 's value is dependent on her looks . 
  * everything * is geared around how attractive a woman is , and when everything is dependent on how good your boobs look in that shirt and how you 're hot because your boobs look great in that shirt you just get sick of it . 
  i like the royals . 
  i think the queen especially does an incredible amount of service , especially since she 's in her mid-eighties now and still does international relations work . 
  prince philip is ninety two and still attends as many events as he can . 
  my nanna is mid eighties and hardly leaves her flat . 
  it 's really quite amazing how much they still do . 
  most of my friends are monarchists but of course there are still a few republicans scattered in there . 
  it 's always going to be that way , really . 
  britain * was * a republic for a few years back in the 1600s , but then we decided we quite liked the royals after all and restored charles ii to the throne . 
  i do n't think we 're going to be changing it again anytime soon . 
  retro fifties styles would probably suit her quite well , and they 've got higher cuts which both makes them good bikinis and more flattering on larger ladies . 
  i love [ modcloth ] ( http://www.modcloth.com/shop/swimwear ) in particular . 
  i spent a month living in a brighton flat which belonged to a crazy lady ( she hated the scots , for example ) , and she had a portrait of the queen hanging up in the bathroom . 
  opposite the shower . 
  i 'd get out from washing my hair and be confronted by this really regal portrait of elizabeth 2 staring at me in my birthday suit . 
  creepy as fuck . 
  not for me , unfortunately . 
  i do n't mind if you 're living in a bedsit , with your parents or in a fully mortgaged three bedroom house but you have to be living * somewhere * . 
  i 'd probably gently advise him to focus on getting himself sorted out first before he looks for a girlfriend . 
  by then i 'm settled in the office with my first cup of tea and much more likely to hear my alarm go off . 
  if it 's the weekend then i 'll probably either still be in bed or getting dressed by then - either way , i 'll be near my phone and my pill pack . 
  works well for me . 
  it 's not like it 's a massive hulking great neon thing . 
  it 's not awkward to take an aspirin at a party , why would it be awkward to take a pill ? 
   the way i see it , my gf and i are great for each other right now and that should be enough . 
  ca n't we just enjoy the present ? 
  does your girlfriend know that ? 
  does she know you 're only thinking about another five years and that 's it ? 
  if she knows and she 's cool with it , then rock on . 
  you 're all good . 
  if she does n't , and she thinks you might be the one or even a potential one , then you need sit her down and have a talk , because she might not think it 's enough for her . 
  pretty important . 
  overall i 'm happy with my body , but i am much more confident about it than i was nine months ago before i picked up a serious sports routine . 
  i 've not lost weight , but i 've * definitely * lost inches and that 's what matters most to me . 
  also , i 'd probably lose more weight if i could just stop myself eating chocolate . 
  i actually think i 'm verging on addicted . 
  other than that i 'm healthy , in good bmi range and a good clothes size . 
  i switched to a mooncup and have never looked back . 
  so much easier !, 
  on the last day i 'll maybe stick a thin liner in there , just in case , but otherwise it 's just the cup and nothing else . 
  long vodka .
