  do your research , tailor your cv and covering letter to each company and role and then send it in . 
  or you could go through a recruitment company and they will put you in for job interviews based on the connections they have and the job you want . 
  if you 're really good , you might get head hunted by certain companies ( my brother and my best friend both were ) , but do n't rely on it . 
  also , always remember to exploit networking connections . 
  if your aunt works for a company you love , ask them about vacancies or the right people to approach . 
  if a neighbour works in an industry you love , ask them if you can intern there for a week or so - that will get you the contacts you need . 
  moved out for uni , moved back in at 27 to retrain in a new industry and save money again . 
  29 now and desperate to be back out again , but it 's just another year to go . 
  i am at work . 
  office all to myself . 
  i think it 's good to have a vague idea of where you 'd like to head in the future , but if you want to live abroad and work on a ski resort for now , go for it !, 
  it 'll expand your horizons . 
  i worked on a cruise ship and have worked at six edinburgh festivals so far , which are hardly cubicle office lives . 
  most importantly , i 've found that working in things i * do n't * want to do has pushed me towards things that i * do * want to do . 
  also , do n't settle . 
  skiing and working in a bar full time is great when you 're fresh out of uni and just want to get all the academia off your shoulders . 
  skiing and working full time in a bar when you 're 30 just becomes depressing and slightly sad . 
  always keep working towards that bigger dream . 
  honestly ? 
  just grit your teeth , deal with it , enjoy the money coming in and look towards september when you 're back in school . 
  everyone has to do things they do n't like . 
  this is yours . 
  i never handed in any of my homework at school - and i was at a school that was supposed to be for extra clever girls , where everyone handed in everything and always got straight as . 
  i had so many black marks by my name , and my parents still rib me about it now . 
  university work ? 
  it 's hard . 
  for the history degree i 'm doing right now ( 2nd degree , part time distance learning ) there 's a fuckload of reading and a fuckload of analysis which makes my brain hurt . 
  mostly it 's the reading that gets me exhausted , though - i 'm getting used to whacking out a 2000 word essay in a few hours . 
  the world has always been fucked up . 
  look at the crusades , or the black death , or both of the world wars . 
  we just hear about it more often and more consistently from all of the media we have available . 
  there 's no more war going on right now than there ever was - we just hear about more of it . 
  have a vague idea of what you want and where you want to go , and otherwise just roll with it . 
  there 's no point getting stressed if your perfect life plan does n't work out , and that husband does n't show up by 26 , or babies do n't pop out by 30 , or that one true job never hires you . 
  life just screws with you that way . 
  there are loads and loads of volunteering programmes to take advantage of , or study abroad programmes in university . 
  i worked on a cruise ship in my twenties and saw loads of cool stuff . 
  keep an eye out on travel websites for cheap deals - you 're further from europe and australia , but you can take advantage of canada , the caribbean and all of south america too . 
  i do n't care whether you 're arguing because of hormones or rebellion . 
  arguing back in a sarcastic and rude tone * is * rude and teenagers should n't be allowed to get away with it . 
  better that you 're told off now for sounding like a dick than you grow up still thinking you can talk to people in that way . 
  because it 's their money , and because you 're not currently managing your own budget and your own finances . 
  when you 're an adult you can spend your earned money installing a whacking great fireplace instead of buying the weeks shopping , too . 
  you would n't like a ten year old telling you that you 're spending your saturday job money on the wrong bike , would you ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  i have no interest in snapchat , and ca n't be bothered with twitter . 
  i know about them , i just do n't use them . 
  in england ? 
  oxford or cambridge . 
  in the uk ? 
  edinburgh will always have my heart . 
  tom hiddleston is loooooooovely . 
  also , got ta get that bad boy love . 
  i know he 's a totally deranged psychopath , but man , he looks [ good in a suit ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3zyj6i5gd1qddbrs.gif ) . 
  do what you enjoy . 
  when i was at school , everyone was slaving over exams to get into cambridge or oxford for english or science degrees . 
  it was exactly what you were * supposed * to do , and what everyone expected of you . 
  meanwhile , i was quite enjoying doing the lighting on all the school theatre productions , so i went to a dinky little drama school and studied theatre production for my degree . 
  worked as a tech for six years , never regretted a thing . 
  do what you enjoy , and find an industry that will let you do that for a living . 
  it 's the best job to have . 
  sort of . 
  it would be nice if you knew what direction to aim for ( english ? 
  science ? 
  stuff with animals ? 
  stuff in business ? ), 
  only because being aimless is n't helpful to anyone . 
  at the same time , i hate how we funnel 16 year olds into careers when teenagers barely know what colour they want their hair . 
  just have a vague answer ( `` oh , i think i 'd love to work in professional sport/a library/in the city some day '' ) and it 'll keep most people off your back . 
  passport photo sizes . 
  i 'm trying to print one for my nanna . 
  my bosses were visibly taken aback when i said `` fuck '' a few weeks ago . 
  apparently they 've just never thought i 'm the type to swear . 
  i never thought i looked * that * uptight . 
  maybe she was always bi-curious . 
  maybe it 's just * this woman * that she 's fallen for . 
  what does it matter ? 
  her dating someone new does n't reflect on what did or did not work in your relationship . 
  it 's not a ` monumental shift in behaviour ' . 
  she 's just fallen for another girl . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  you do n't need to talk to her or to ` understand ' her any more . 
  she likes this new lady . 
  maybe it 's all brand new to her too and she 's just getting used to it herself . 
  in the mean time , you need to stop checking her facebook and keep on with your progress moving on . 
  it will take time , but it sounds like you 're getting there . 
  loads . 
  i love it !, 
  bring a book or kindle and do n't worry about what everyone else thinks . 
  they 're probably not paying any attention to you , anyway . 
  god , i feel so sorry for this girl to be stuck with someone who apparently ` wants to vomit ' when he sees her naked body . 
  she deserves better than you . 
  she deserves someone who actively wants and desires her . 
  do yourself a favour , stop being so selfish and thinking of yourself all the time and break up with her before you completely destroy her self confidence . 
  that 's * it * ? 
  half a stone ?? 
  and you 're now ` disgusted ' by her ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  half a stone either way for a 27 year old is nothing .
