  he really made the character his own , and it 's so obvious that he and rdj have such a blast together . 
  could you really have had the science bros with rdj and ed norton ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i was watching im2 the other night and really enjoy it , especially the scene with tony watching the recording of howard and figuring out the new element he 'd hidden . 
  it 's much more character based , which i personally love . 
  and i totally agree with sam rockwell - he 's does a wonderfully sleazy hammer . 
  eat something , or eat something healthy . 
  normally i 'm grumpy either because i 've not eaten , or i 've had too much sugar/chocolate . 
  or take the dog for a walk . 
  a brisk outside stroll normally gets me back to myself again . 
   there are still large differences between the sexes, 
  there 's really not . 
  i 'm not that different from my brother , or my dad or the guys i work with . 
  i 'm just a person . 
  treat me like one and we 'll be fine . 
  i 'm hopeful that they will reuse the avengers theme through aou and beyond , just because they used it briefly during kevin feige 's phase 3 annoucement . 
  you can hear it when chadwick boseman comes onstage , and i know that 's mostly because they have n't scored anything yet , but * still * . 
  a girl can dream . 
  i 'll also submit [ black tears by tyler bates ] ( http://youtu.be/vbzbkgfb2uu ) and [ escape from the kyln ] ( http://youtu.be/dh_tqi7qt9w ) from gotg as my personal favourites , followed by the excellent winter soldier ones you 've already discussed . 
  i like how bates uses and reuses his theme in gotg , slowing it right down for to the stars , building it to crescendo in black tears and then just nudging it through again in citizens unite . 
  it 's a really nice , consistent thread that pulls everything together quite neatly . 
  english , living in england . 
  edinburgh , because it 's * beautiful * . 
  i 'll never get bored of edinburgh . 
  i 'd asked someone i 'd known for a week for a job while we were having drinks in a pub . 
  worked for the ( super cool ) company for six years and could probably go back now if i had the time . 
  really you just have to find exercise that works for you and that you enjoy . 
  if you 're having fun , it 's so much easier to get yourself out the door !, 
  i picked up doing adult gymnastics a few years ago because i loved it as a kid , and it 's * such * a blast . 
  i love the people there , and i love the rush of doing somersaults into foam pits . 
  it 's not a chore to go at all , which is just how exercise should be . 
  add to that , the more you do , the more you * want * to do , which inspires you to eat more healthily . 
  it 's a big circle , really . 
  in the last couple of months my brother and cousins have talked me into joining them on a 10k run in february , so i 've started doing couch to 5k ( c25k ) , which literally starts with ` do one minute of jogging and two minutes of walking ' . 
  you can do sixty seconds of jogging , right ? 
  anyone can . 
  i use an app that i can play my music through , and i get myself out there three times a week for half an hour after work , and i go for a jog . 
  i know that if i skip a day because ' i do n't want to ' , then that race in february is really going to freaking hurt , and i 'll regret not putting in the practice now . 
  but hey , i actually kind of enjoy running now , which is crazy as i used to hate it with the passion of a thousand fiery suns . 
  it 's all about doing it slow and steady , finding what you like and doing that . 
  does n't matter if it 's swimming , zumba , boxing or running - if you 're having fun , then it 's so much easier to go and do that thirty minute session . 
  lilo and stitch is my * favourite * , and the scene with the ducklings makes me cry every single goddamn time . 
  also , i will always love spirited away . 
  crushed and suffocated . 
  i want someone to share things with , not someone who puts me above absolutely everything in his life . 
  i love [ this scene ] ( http://youtu.be/db1ynffyeig ) cut from half blood prince as well . 
  you can see why they kept it out , as it maybe gives too big a hint away about snape 's character , but it 's beautifully done . 
  i 'm english , and i use it constantly between family , good friends and dates . 
  i kiss on the cheek goodbye as well . 
  the food !, 
  i loooooove christmas food . 
  mince pies , christmas cake , pigs in blankets , sausage rolls , advent calendars , boxes of quality street , little hollow chocolate santa statues , my dad 's boxing day cold slices of honey roasted ham with homemade pickled onions ... i love all of it . 
  i think countries will always have militaries and they 're a necessary part of a developed country . 
  everyone has borders . 
  i 'm from a garrison town , so i grew up passing barracks and an army prison almost everyday , seeing the squaddies out on their training runs , and service members doing their shopping in the town centre . 
  my granddad was in the royal air force , my mum did her basics with the raf , i did a * little * bit of cadet training , we did horse riding sessions at the army stables - it 's just kind of always been there . 
  a few friends of mine are military wives/girlfriends , and i do admire it but i could never do that myself . 
  as people ? 
  i think soldiers are just like everyone else , just with a more difficult job . 
  god knows i would never put myself up for all the fitness training , or discipline being part of the army requires . 
  it 's just not my style . 
  i also do n't like the idea of glorifying army membership or telling people ` thank you for your service ' or anything , because in the end that 's their * job * , and it 's what they 're paid and trained to do . 
  i do take part in the armistice day silence though , and i do recognise that lots of soldiers have died for various reasons over the centuries . 
  it 's an important thing to recognise and understand , and i fully believe in teaching children about the wars of the past to help them understand exactly what we 're going in to today . 
   would have certainly have been burned away in a crematorium if the american flag had n't charged through europe to save them . 
  i understand you 're passionate about the subject , but i also think sentences like these are why some people are a little wary about celebrating the military . 
  other countries fought in ww2 , and america did n't just leap in there and ` save ' us all . 
  soviet and british forces liberated concentration camps , too . 
  give * everyone * the credit , not just one force . 
  sure . 
  i 'm 29 and living at home right now , but that 's because i 'm doing long distance learning for a new degree before i go off and do teacher training , so it helps me save money while i work . 
  hopefully by august i 'll be out of here ( god , i hope i will be !, 
  ) , so i 'm pretty flexible on what reasons people have for being at home . 
  as long as the person is working , has a plan for being out ( or a particular reason for staying ) then i 'll be fine with it . 
  i do n't believe in the whole turn-18-and-get-out concept . 
  i do n't thank my doctor for being a doctor and i do n't thank a social worker for being a social worker , but i do recognise how difficult some days must be for them . 
  no , i would n't thank an advocate for choosing to be an advocate , because that it what she is getting paid to do . 
  just like a soldier . 
  if anyone personally helps * me * then of course i will give due praise , but i do n't think anyone deserves special exemption praise just for the line of work they decide to go in to . 
  i would n't say ` thank you for spotting that bomb ' or ` thank you for being an airport security guard ' , but i would say ` wow , i 'm glad you ( or the sniffer dog ? ), 
  picked that up . ', 
  there 's a difference between the job and the actions . 
  going to see a panto . 
  when my grandmother was younger and healthier she would take my many cousins and i to the panto every year on christmas eve . 
  we would sit in the same seats in the same row and have a bag of sweets each , all counted out to make sure we had the same amount . 
  then we 'd go back to hers for tea and a mince pie and a chocolate off the tree if we were good . 
  it always meant the start of christmas for me . 
  it 's from the guardians of the galaxy concept art book . 
  it 's a beautiful edition and it goes into a lot of detail about the design of the temple at morag . 
  i 've only ever lived with flatmates or family . 
  i 'd prefer to have someone around to have a conversation with , rather than always coming home to a silent house . 
  i went on a date with a baby faced guy last week , and as lovely as he was , i just could n't get past how young he looked . 
  i kept thinking he 'd be more suited to a girl who looked younger than me . 
  so no , i need a more mature looking guy . 
  it 's a bit of a unique british christmas tradition . 
  panto is short for pantomime , and it 's a very very popular type of family theatre show that only runs at christmas time , and is based around fairy tales . 
  there 's dick whittington , aladdin , cinderella , beauty and the beast , jack and the beanstalk , those kind of shows . 
  it 's got lots of its own traditions like a middle aged man dressed up as a woman who is the lead characters mother ( the dame ) , the leading boy is traditonally a girl wearing tights , there 's a comedy duo , a sing song at the end , and always a sequence where the leads get chased around stage by a ghost or baddie while the audience shout `` it 's behind you ! '', 
  pretty much every british kid gets taken to a panto at * some * point in their lives . 
  i love all the really long , meandering conversations i have with my lady friends .
