  is n't that just the epitome of your relationship ? 
  go no contact . 
  it 's * his * problem that he ruined his support network , not yours . 
  you did n't do anything . 
  if he decides he hates you , then that 'll be easier for him not to talk to you and you get the clean break you want . 
  i know it sucks to think that someone you were in love with decides not to like you anymore , but you 're trying the amicable thing and it 's not working . 
  now you need to do the drastic version . 
  i know , right ? 
  i 've looked at my comment scores before and been like ... really ? 
  you downvoted me for * that * ? 
  some people are so petty . 
  yup . 
  i hate messing around . 
  if he 's not going to ask , i will . 
  next time you go to the supermarket , have a look at exactly how many grams of sugar they shove in those bad boys . 
  healthy they are not . 
  ahahaha no no , i just meant seeing how many upvotes/downvotes i 've got , not who 's given them to me . 
  res is faaaaaabulous but not quite that fabulous . 
  yet . 
  never say never , but it has n't happened to me yet . 
  i get drawn to guys because i find them attractive physically , and i 've not yet gone from ' i do n't fancy you ' to ` you 're so sweet , actually i do fancy you after all ' . 
  it 's all about instant attraction and chemistry for me , not the slow burn . 
  other ladies on here get drawn to people because of personalities rather than looks . 
  each to their own . 
  eh , i guess my happy weight is ten stone , and i 'm at 11-something stone now , but i prefer to go by how my clothes fit and what size i 'm buying than a number on the scales . 
  nope . 
  i 'm from mersea island , in essex . 
  i think there 's a few regattas round my way but we 're one of the biggest . 
  half through work , friends and general social situations , half online . 
  all of them have been instant ` yes i do ' / ` no i do n't ' attractions . 
  i just do n't work any other way . 
  i like sports . 
  i tend to like the more ` artistic ' ones - i do gymnastics myself , used to horse ride and do fencing , and go to watch equestrian events with my mum for days out . 
  my brother sails yachts competitively , leading on from when we both raced dinghies as kids , and my dad golfs . 
  i guess we 're a pretty sporty family overall , even though you would n't really know it to look at us . 
  some sports are fun to watch on tv - equestrian again , some athletics like high jump and pole vault , gymnastics , synchronized swimming , a lot of ski events . 
  i actually wish more tv time was given to lesser known sports like those , because even though i get that millions of people like football , and the latest man u/spurs match is apparently thrilling as anything , it gets too much coverage time . 
  i ca n't really pin down any particular enjoyable memory from when i was younger , but i remember watching an american football match with my late uncle and going to fencing classes with my best friend in a school sports hall . 
  i loved the cadet week sailing competition my sailing club held in the summer each year , even though i was never that competitive . 
  being out on the water was always the most fun part for me . 
  i 'm like my future kids to play sports , definitely . 
  they gave me lots of ways in to make new friends and get confident , but i 'd encourage them to try lots of different things and see what they like best . 
  if they do n't like sports at all , then that 's more than fine and we 'll have a look at music or drama or something else instead . 
  totally agree with this . 
  i think most people just go `` well what do you expect ? 
  they 're the government . '', 
  rather than `` they should know better !, 
  they 're the government ! '', 
  i 've actually seen newspaper columns trying to get people to be less `` meh '' about it and more outraged , but no one actually seems to care . 
  governments are big . 
  governments spy . 
  it 's what they do . 
  we know they 're big and they spy from watching james bond , jason bourne and mission impossible films . 
  i do n't understand why people get wound up about the fact that some of that is based on the truth . 
  i find [ scandinavia and the world ] ( http://satwcomic.com/ ) ridiculously cute , and i 'm not really a webcomic type person . 
  just because it 's ` believed ' does n't make it right . 
  i will help anyone who asks me for help , whether it 's a friend , a boyfriend , a coworker . 
  anyone . 
  help is help . 
  it 's not ` unmanly ' to admit that sometimes you ca n't carry absolutely everything by yourself . 
  okay , so your tl ; dr does n't exactly match up with what you wrote in your post , but anyway . 
  that aside , i do n't think she broke up with you * because * you masturbate , she broke up with you because you do it and lie about it to her . 
  and you lie about porn . 
  also , she snoops on you . 
  that 's not healthy , either . 
  neither of you are good for each other , quite frankly . 
  take it as a big lesson not to lie to your girlfriend in future and go find someone who does n't care that you do a normal thing like masturbate when they 're not around . 
  are you asking how to flirt ? 
  because there 's some really good threads here :, 
  here : http://www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/vabbl/youre_sitting_alone_at_a_cafe_with_a_book_or/, 
  and here : http://www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/vjbml/what_are_some_tricks_men_are_oblivious_to_that/, 
  also , you 're not a bird . 
  there 's no need to ` display ' anything . 
  put your tail feathers back in . 
  funnily enough , i always thought cherishing someone meant understand how they work and how to stay on their good side so you have a lasting friendship . 
  if we have a blow out and you come back crowding me trying to fix things when i feel like you need to stay out of my sight for twenty four hours , then our friendship is going to take even * longer * to repair . 
  space means calming down and thinking rationally . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  not knowing when to leave people alone so that they ca n't get their temper back in check after an argument will not often work in your favour . 
  honestly ? 
  you are making things so . 
  much . 
  worse . 
  you 're like this little nagging voice pestering her , like one of those little high pitched mosquito whiney flies you hear but ca n't see . 
  you know , the ones you just want to swat so that they shut up ? 
  yeah . 
  she wants to swat you . 
  pretty badly . 
  listen to your friends and leave her alone to cool down . 
   i 'm not going to stop texting her until i gain her friendship back . 
  and she is going to keep ignoring you . 
  really . 
  she is . 
  because you are not being a good friend , you are being * annoying * . 
  there is a crucial difference , and man , you are overstepping it by about a thousand miles . 
  are you me ? 
  i love gambit and his whole mystery assassin past and just the charisma the character exudes , and i adore rdj 's tony stark . 
  i think he makes iron man such an interesting , self-obsessive kind of character , especially with the alcoholic ptsd going on . 
  such an anti-hero hero . 
  have you seen hiddleston 's appearance as loki at this years comic con ?
