  or with the cookie monster !, 
  have you seen the [ cookie monster one ] ( http://youtu.be/b_ubvvnwglk ) ? 
  sooooo cute . 
  my favourite chris evans image lately : http://alphalewolf.tumblr.com/post/107239298567/dat-ratio, 
  physically push your shoulders back . 
  it makes you stand more upright , and also makes me take in a deep breath , which settles any butterflies i have going on . 
  generally , yes . 
  they look for school experience and will ask you about it , because they want to make sure that you understand what being a teacher really involves . 
  yeah , only having three is hard , but if you get rejected on all of them for apply 1 then you go directly into apply 2 , so it 's not like you lose out completely . 
  that 's the situation i 'm in right now , and it sucks , but history is ridiculously competitive so i 'm not completely surprised . 
  is it not ? 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  i 'd like to go back to teach in scotland some day , so i 'll bear that in mind . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  i wrote to three local secondaries and asked to volunteer for some classroom experience in their history department prior to applying to a pgce . 
  i ended up doing one day a week for a year at one school and helping with some of their extra-curricular stuff . 
  i know other people just go in and help out for a full two weeks to get their experience up . 
  as long as you 're not working alone with the kids and you get a clear cbt back , then they 're generally happy to have volunteers come in and help out . 
  i have n't been accepted to any teacher training courses that i 've applied for , and i 'm now in the second cycle of applications . 
  i * really * want this , so it sucks to get rejected . 
  in the teaching awards this year , the winner of the best new teacher award said she got rejected from five different places before getting accepted , and i 've been rejected from three , so i 'm clinging on !, 
  nope . 
  i 'm as skeptical as they come . 
  no god , ghosts , spirits , mediums or otherwordly presences of any shape , size or smell for me . 
  the only thing i really let myself sort of believe in are astrological personality types , and that 's just mostly because i like the labels . 
  oh , god . 
  horrendous . 
  he was a complete nincompoop , and as far as i can tell , he 's still working dead-end low pay jobs in some essex backwater . 
  no thanks . 
  is theatre unusual ? 
  news to me !, 
  i do dog shows for a hobby , which is n't exactly conventional . 
  as long as you enjoy it and have fun at it , who cares what other people/women think ? 
  you do what * you * want , not what you think other people want . 
  i 'm assuming you like your job and you 're good at it - could you perhaps ask your manager for a meeting and seeing whether the company could cover travel expenses for you to get a bus or a taxi ? 
  walking three hours to work and back every day seems a tad excessive !, 
  is there no public transport in your area at all ? 
  the second trailer showed natasha being pushed down onto a hospital trolley , and if i recall right , there 's a comic line about the red room aborting a baby of hers , or making her think she 's lost a baby . 
  i think her vision will include something like that , and her training as a black widow . 
  i also remember seeing on tumblr that the stunt double for sebastian stan had posted a picture of an age of ultron hoody , and said how fun filming was , so i 'd love love love to see a glimpse of the winter soldier training the red room . 
  edit : imdb says he 's a fight co-ordinator , sooo ... maybe no ws cameo just yet . 
  but it could be a possibility !, 
  who robert mugabe is . 
  how can you be twenty years old and not know who robert mugabe is ? 
  oh , please . 
  she 's had * one * more sexual relationship than you . 
  one , and you 're freaking out because she said she likes anal , and had one fling ? 
  listen , god and jesus * really * do n't care what kind of sex you 've had , liked , or disliked , and you getting uppity because she enjoys more than just the missionary position is really incredibly immature . 
  you 're both grown adults . 
  leave the prudishness behind and let yourself * enjoy * yourself . 
   also i kept thinking initially that a girl that says yes to anal wo n't say no to much else . 
  she 's only had three partners , including you . 
  she 's twenty four . 
  i 'm inclined to say she 's said no to sex more often than she 's said yes . 
  maybe she just felt particular comfortable with her other long term ex and wanted to experiment a little ? 
  i think you 're reading way too much into this . 
  trying different things in bed does n't mean that you 're a sexual deviant or that your life style devolves into coke-snorting orgies on weekends . 
  it just means you 're relaxed enough with your partner to see what else feels good . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  as long as you 're not evangelical about going dry , or look down at me for having wine with dinners or on occasional nights out , i do n't care . 
  basically , do n't be a douche and it 's totally fine . 
  when i 'm in a bad mood , the cynical side of me reminds myself how many of my married and pregnant friends are going to be divorcing in the next five years , and how many divorces i know of already ( 3 and counting , and i 'm 29 ) . 
  everyone loves schadenfraude , and quite honestly it makes me feel better . 
  when i 'm in a more optimistic mood , i think about all of things that i have done or will be doing , and compare how many of my friends have done the same thing . 
  let me tell you , it 's not many , and i bet they 're jealous of what i 've done just as much as i get jealous of them . 
  i remind myself that having my life taken over by kids is not the pinnacle of existence and that other things define who i am . 
  i count how many friends i have that are not doing the married/kids/mortgage thing , because sometimes you miss the woods for the trees . 
  and then i go watch a big explosive movie , or take the dog for a walk and try to get out of my head for a bit . 
  expect ? 
  hope ? 
  sure . 
  everyone 's dressed up and lookin ' good , there 's alcohol available and generally new people of similar age to me . 
  it 's nice to be optimistic about meeting someone new . 
  fyi , [ these ] ( http://www.bitterwallet.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/chocolate-digestives.jpg ) are our biscuits , as are [ these ] ( http://wearenotfoodies.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/chocolate-bourbon-biscuits.jpg ) and [ these ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2009/6/12/1244814218926/hobnob-001.jpg ) . 
  you can see they 're reasonably small and thin , so you can dunk briefly them in the tea , which soaks through fairly rapidly and makes them warm and yummy . 
  you then eat the part of the biscuit which is now gooey from tea ( before it falls off in the mug , mind ) , drink some tea and repeat until both are fully consumed . 
  my english setter , henry , has a thing about gloves . 
  he is * obsessed * with them . 
  he will dig gloves out of the most unlikely places and will find gardening gloves buried under mounds of rubbish in the garage that we did n't even know existed . 
  dressing for winter is a total nightmare , because the moment you get your gloves out of your jacket pocket , he is all mine mine mine like those seagulls in finding nemo . 
  god forbid you make a fuss of him on a winter walk , because all of a sudden you have a 35kg dog going crazy because you * touched him with gloves oh my god * . 
  ridiculous animal . 
  cabin pressure is the * best * , and it shows just how good bc is at playing that lighter range of roles . 
  martin could not be more different from sherlock and he does it brilliantly . 
  nope , because i * really * do n't fancy any of my gay friends , and i can not possibly see a time when that scenario would happen . 
  also , ` to test their blowjob skills ' ? 
  really ? 
  i love it !, 
  i got some money for christmas that i want to put towards some more solo travel this year , as i so miss going abroad !, 
  a few years ago i used to work on a cruise ship , which was * amazing * in itself , and i met so many cool people . 
  while i was onboard , five of us made a promise to meet up in montreal six months after our contracts ended , as most of them were from there . 
  i booked my flights while i was still onboard , circled my calendar and was good to go . 
  no joke , * five days * before i was due to fly from london to montreal , every single one of my friends contacted me to let me know they could n't be there . 
  holy shit . 
  i was going somewhere i had never been before , to meet * no one * , had no accomodation booked or anything , and i was going for ten whole days . 
  i * completely * freaked out , for like ... two days . 
  and then i thought , well , the safe option would be not to go , but i would then spend ten days thinking about how i could be in montreal instead of at work or whatever . 
  so i randomly picked a hostel somewhere i thought would be in the centre ( i think it was in the first three on google search or something ) , packed my bag and went . 
  it turned out that the hostel was * amazing * and in the middle of the latin quarter near all of these great bars , it did bagels for breakfast and showed hockey on tv . 
  i ended up meeting a supremely cool welsh guy and an equally cool belfast girl in my hostel dorm , we bonded and spent the whole time hanging out and going to welsh guy 's expat friend 's house parties .
