  then a couple of years after we 'd had this * one night * he sent me a long email wistfully reminiscing in detail over the sex we 'd had and how much he dreamed about me . 
  instant . 
  block . 
  oh god , all the time . 
  sadly , a lot of women just get used to it . 
  i think in this case it was some weird power play trip too , as at first i 'd said no to actually having sex , then got carried away and changed my mind , so he was all like * i am super stud . 
  * all i wanted was a no strings attached ons for heavens sake . 
  i was going to recommend farseer and tawny man as well . 
  i 'm re-reading tawny man at the moment and there are a * lot * of grey areas regarding morality , the right thing to do and whether an ability is inherently good or inherently evil . 
  the violence the main protaganist , fitz , undergoes scars him for a very long time too , and influences a large amount of his later actions and decisions . 
  it 's definitely not the ` shower of rain ' the op mentioned . 
  the * temeraire * series by naomi novik is one of my enduring favourites . 
  it 's a historical fantasy cross , which basically boils down to the napoleonic wars with an air corp of dragons . 
  it 's very well done and the characters are some of my favourites . 
  a big big favourite around here ( for good reason ) is brandon sanderson 's [ * mistborn * ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/the-final-empire-mistborn-book/dp/0575089911/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1375094216&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=mistborn ) series , followed by his * way of kings * books . 
  sanderson 's use of magic is just brilliant , and mistborn is so innovative . 
  i loved it , and a lot of people around here do too . 
  the good thing about getting into sanderson is that there 's a lot of books being released all the time so you have plenty to read !, 
  i also personally love robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogies , followed by her * tawny man * trilogy . 
  her books are slightly more traditional epic fantasy than sanderson ( dragons feature heavily later on ) but her characters are just wonderful and she has a lot of magic involved , starting with psychically connecting magic ( the skill ) and moving on to animal magic ( the wit ) and then more fantastical magic connected with dragons . 
  always worth checking out . 
  other people get along better with her * liveships * books , but i 'd say start with * assassins quest * and go from there . 
  yeah , i 've tried to read * soldier son * a few times and just could n't get into it , even though i love her other books . 
  that 's appalling logic . 
  that 's like going `` well i wo n't bother mending this puncture and flat tire that 's causing me stress and worry , i 'll just keep my car rolling along until it inflates itself , because sometimes they just do ! '', 
  are you looking for ballet-slipper type shoes ? 
  [ new look ] ( http://www.newlook.com/shop/shoe-gallery/view-all-shoes/ballet-pumps/_/n-9pzzbt5 ) has lots and lots of really pretty cheap ballet slippers and sandals which work for any occasion . 
  i buy from there all the time . 
  tescos actually tends to have quite a nice shoe range and is worth a look at next time you go shopping . 
  office and schuh are quite good shoe shops , but you will pay more for whatever they stock , and schuh does tend to buy in more ` kooky ' lines , depending on what styles you like . 
  marks and spencers are really good for pretty and comfortable shoes , too . 
   is this dysfunctional relationship salvageable ? 
  and it should n't be . 
  she cheated , you hit her . 
  that is so far away from ` healthy ' that neither of you can see it any more . 
  staying close to her by talking for hours at a time is also completely clouding your judgement on what is actually going on . 
   i feel like this whole thing has been unfair . 
  i had no plans of breaking up with her , and now not only have been cheated on but i am an abuser in her eyes and her friends eyes . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  she is a cheater , but you * are * an abuser . 
  it might be unfair how it has ended up , but it gives you a clear chance to get yourself into therapy and to work on your anger issues . 
  walk away from her , put this whole mess behind you and go and find something much , much healthier . 
   he makes me feel great about myself and my body . 
  apart from the times when he does n't , and you end up feeling like you are ugly and shit . 
  like now . 
  you need to sit down and explain to him how comments like that are * completely * unacceptable and what they do to your self-esteem . 
  it does n't matter one tiny bit whether it ` looks ' like you 're a virgin or not - what does he think , that one touch of a penis makes a vagina shrivel up and go grey to indicate sexual action ? 
  he needs to be re-educated on what * real * vaginas ( not porn ones ) look like . 
  do n't put up with being dragged down by insensitive remarks . 
  he should know better . 
  gymnastics . 
  having an excuse , at 28 years old , to fling myself backwards into a foam filled pit or swing round a few bars just for fun is brilliantly stress-relieving . 
  i 'm debating between going hungry and redditing or venturing out in the sodding rain to get lunch . 
  hungry is currently winning . 
  domestic violence is a really * really * hot topic button for obvious reasons . 
  i do n't think you are helping yourself by trying to defend reasons for hitting her to other redditors . 
  just take the advice that 's being given to you and move on . 
  * if walls could talk * by lucy worsely is a very good book all about the history of the home and rooms that we use . 
  there 's also a bbc series of the same name that she presented and i believe you can find episodes of it on youtube . 
  she 's a very charismatic author and i always find her books easy to read , and as she 's chief curator at historic royal palaces she really knows her subjects well . 
   edit : also , bleeping out words for crying out loud . 
  i always found the fact that the us ratings board gave ` the kings speech ' an r rating for one ten second tirade of swearing to be beyond ridiculous . 
  instruments , rhythm and melody . 
  i hardly notice the lyrics at all . 
   but that does n't mean we cant grow together . 
  how can you grow together when you keep breaking it off with her to handle things by yourself ? 
  you ca n't put a partner back in the cupboard like a toy and expect her to be in the same place when you go looking for her again . 
  if you really want her to grow with you , * include * her in your life and stop dropping her when it suits you . 
  i do n't think that 's a good idea in the slightest . 
  your girlfriend is n't five years old , you do n't need to write a letter to a babysitter telling them how to look after her . 
  you * especially * do n't need to write a letter asking her friends , basically , to invite you along ` to keep her company in case you go off with guys ' . 
  if i got a letter like that from the boyfriend of one of my friends i 'd feel insulted that he did n't trust me to be a good friend . 
  just * trust * her . 
  you said it yourself , it 's your problem - not hers , or her friends . 
  i feel like they 're showoffs and not worth bothering with . 
  there was actually one guy on okcupid whose profile had shown up in my listings a few times with a show off mirror six pack photo who i 'd ignored . 
  when i realised he 'd swapped out his six pack one for a good headshot instead , i messaged him and told him i much preferred it and that he came off far less douchey . 
  no dates came out of it but he was really nice . 
  watch an epic film with the surround sound turned up ** really really loud ** . 
  i do n't particularly want to be second best , one of many or a bit on the side . 
  if he 's sleeping with someone else ( and i know about it ) , then i 'm not sleeping with him . 
  i 'm assuming you met her when she moved to town , too ? 
  because if you were dating before she moved , then i 'd agree that perhaps she should make more time for you . 
  however , if you 're as new as these new girlfriends , then you 're pretty much on the same standing as them . 
  why should she make more time specifically for you , putting aside potential new longstanding friendships in a new area , if you 're still in the early stages of dating and still figuring each other out ? 
  i think it 's going to have to come down to how much you like her , and how much you 're prepared to stick it out . 
  she 's said it herself , her schedule is variable . 
  it sounds like she 's trying her best to see you when she can . 
  if you need a girl who has a schedule with more time just for you , then i do n't think she 's the one . 
  this is , quite honestly , a bit of a hard question to answer . 
  the class system permeates absolutely * everything * that exists over here , and almost any activity you do references which class you come from . 
  knowing what is lower class or upper class is pretty much instinct to us as brits - i know that the sun newspaper is for lower and lower-middle class people , and the times and telegraph tends to be read by upper middle folk . 
  having a messy land rover is actually more upperclass than anything else ( how else would you drive around your estates ? 
  ) , while having a squeaky clean brand new bmw probably makes you pretty middle class nowadays . 
  if you 're rich you shop at waitrose , or a high end local deli . 
  if you 're not , it 's morrisons and asda for you . 
  i know that americans talk plenty about their class system , but i do n't really think it 's that much like ours . 
  like you said , american class is based very much on money and how much cash you have spare - ours is more about family lines . 
  you can live in a piddling little bungalow but still be the toff on your street just by how you talk , where you were educated and what papers you read . 
  in the same vein you can live in the biggest , flashiest mansion in town and still just be lower class wannabees .
