  i ** hate ** the dentist and avoid going for as long as i can , because wow , fuck me for hating having noisy drills and painful injections and numbness inside my sensitive mouth , right ? 
  last time i went , i cried my eyes out and had to go and sit downstairs for twenty minutes until i could act like a sensible adult again because i was * scared * . 
  i am allowed to be scared of experiences that cause me actual pain , thanks . 
  like everything , it 's what you make of it . 
  life after uni means you pretty much lose the last of the support structure the education system gives you , but it also means you get to make more of your own choices , which i love . 
  do n't panic so much about the boyfriend/career/responsibility ladder , and make your life what * you * want it to be . 
  you do n't have to have everything in place by the time you 're thirty . 
  date around !, 
  travel !, 
  explore different careers !, 
  you 're never going to have as much freedom in your life as you get right now , so use it !, 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i 'm a country girl at heart , really . 
  i like fields and trees , birds singing , seeing the stars at night and walking my dog through muddy country lanes . 
  it also has to be the right city for me to live in permanently . 
  i 've tried living in london before and just could n't stand it , but i would happily go back to edinburgh tomorrow and live right in the city centre if i could . 
  zinfandel roses ( anyone know how to do the accent ? ), 
  are my favourite , and white rioja is always a treat whenever i can get it . 
  [ my dog being a dork ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u62wohs.jpg ) is my lockscreen , and i just have a generic pattern for the background . 
  i ca n't wait either . 
  i do n't know how many times i 've watched that trailer and ultron still creeps me out . 
  it 's going to be sooo goooood !, 
  oooh i love that background !, 
  the little reddit/netflix widgets are so cool , too . 
  what phone do you have ? 
  i 'd love to have a mortgage some day , but right now it 's just not feasible . 
  property prices here in the south of the uk can be positively abysmal , especially when looking at places like cambridge or london . 
  i 'd be happy to rent a flat for a long time , but i 'd like to end up with my own house eventually . 
  the outfit i wore to work :, 
  # 150 ariat boots, 
  # 45 jeans from house of fraser ( sale , i think ? ), 
  $ 10 crop top i got from the states years ago and still wear to death because it 's amazing . 
  old navy possibly ? 
  # 10 grey stripy top from gap ( from a sale ), 
  # 25 green joules gilet ( 40 % discounted at the highland show ), 
  # 25 gryffindor scarf from the harry potter studio tour, 
  that 's pretty typical for me , i guess . 
  i tend to splurge on shoes and boots as i like ones that will last me a few years rather than two seasons , but a lot of stuff i 'll pick up in sales or at places like gap , especially in winter when i like to layer . 
  i have n't been abroad in four years and i am starved for adventure . 
  right now my daydream is about flying to new york and going adventuring by myself around manhattan for a fortnight . 
  god , i just want to go * somewhere * . 
  so true !, 
  also , do n't worry about days when you have a bad run , or have to give up . 
  i did w6d1 on monday and felt like the entire thing was a painful , awful slog , but i went out and did w6d2 yesterday and it was like i could have ruled the world . 
  best distance , great pace - it was a really fun run !, 
  do n't let the bad days get you down . 
  get back out there , and you 'll amaze yourself with how much your body can do . 
  i 've always wanted to try goose , but my dad refuses to cook it . 
  he says it 's far too fatty . 
  maybe some day i 'll try it !, 
  the only real meal traditions we have is for my mum to make christmas cake in the october half term , and for my dad to cook a spiced beef and honey roast ham that we have as cold meats with chips and pickled onions for boxing day and several days after christmas . 
  not really , no . 
  there are certainly a large number of rich people who are snobbish and rude , but there are also plenty of poorer people who are snobbish about * not * being rich . 
  class prejudice goes both ways , and rude people are always going to be rude , no matter which side of the economic divide they fall on . 
  i honestly honestly do n't care how he earns his wage , as long as he likes doing it . 
  could n't give a shit whether i date a lawyer , a doctor , an artist or a lorry driver . 
  if he 's happy , it 's all gravy with me . 
  seventy-two . 
  and a few folleys to boot . 
  i love when it 's snowed overnight for the first time , and you open your curtains in the morning and everything is so * quiet * . 
  two weeks later when it 's all gone to slush is a total arseface , though . 
  your friend is an idiot . 
  no , you can not tell if someone is on any kind of medication unless they a ) tell you or b ) you see them take it , and even then i 'd be amazed if you could tell a pack of paracetamol from a pack of dianette unless you were right next to them . 
  i was put on the reserve list for acceptance on a teacher training course at a really good university ( uea ) . 
  as i 'd originally thought they had rejected me outright , i 'm really chuffed !, 
  when ordering drinks at a bar , do n't wave at the bartender , do n't call at them , click your fingers , tap your wallet or otherwise call attention to yourself . 
  they know you 're there , but you 've just joined the back of a queue and have to wait your turn . 
  also , remember that pubs are bar service only for drinks , and restaurants are table service . 
  loooooove the orange hexagons !, 
  i sneak them all away before anyone else can get their mucky mitts on them . 
  i had a first date tonight too !, 
  how did yours go ? 
  i wore one of my favourite work dresses , which is a navy blue knee-length empire-line dress with a panel down the front , over black tights and black heeled boots , and then my favourite new dark brown leather jacket with a scarf and a couple of bits of pretty gold jewellery . 
  i usually wear those boots and jacket on first dates as they make me feel sexy , and i like the confidence boost they give me . 
  oh my god that was brilliant !, 
  just what i needed . 
  awwwww , how cute !!, 
  i 'm feeling a bit better , thanks - i got a rejection from a teacher training course at oxford , and i kind of had my heart set on it . 
  disappointing , but i 'll survive . 
  awww , that was super cute !, 
  hahahaha , that velcro one is great !, 
  love dogs !, 
  we 've always had english setters , ever since i was tiny . 
  my dog is my hobby too , as i go all around the country to compete in dog shows with him . 
  nothing to handle , really . 
  i tell them i 'm going out on dates , and they encourage me to go and meet guys when and where i can . 
  when sex happened it was at the guys house and nothing 's been serious enough so far for me to bring someone home to meet my parents . 
  they 're very chilled out about everything . 
  as i mostly do online dating i do like to tell them what information i know about him and where we 're meeting , just so they 're aware of where i 've gone , but i 've not yet come across a single issue that clashes with me living at home . 
  i 'm hoping to be moved out again by september , anyway . 
  i 'm okay , thank you lovely . 
  just a little bit of wounded pride . 
  i think we just ` switch off ' . 
  our bodies shut down , our brain closes up shop and that 's it . 
  i do n't believe in any kind of afterlife , mainly because i find it very hard to believe that something that has effectively been created by our brain ( images of heaven/ghosts/hell etc etc ) can exist when our brains are dead and gone . 
  i do n't believe in souls either , i just believe in the power of the human brain to come up with the most sublimely amazing ideas . 
  i guess it 's something like ... 20 % of them i wanted more out of it , 20 % of them wanted more from me , and the remaining 60 % was all just easy free lovin ' with nothing more serious required . 
  i sometimes notice brand if it 's a particular style of clothing , like superdry , but in general it just goes completely over my head . 
  i 've never really liked london , i have to be honest . 
  i only live an hour away on the essex/suffolk border so i visit it pretty often to see friends and galleries , and i 've done a few short stints living there , but i just ca n't enjoy it that much .
