  it 's only been three months since you split up , so clearly you need more time to grieve . 
  that 's okay . 
  you can take as long as you need - do n't force yourself to go on dates if you 're not really over this guy . 
  that 's not fair to anyone . 
  you have to bear in mind that you 've only really lived a quarter of your life expectancy ; you 've got * so much time * to meet people . 
  you have n't even really started to make your way in the world yet !, 
  anyway , even if the next amazing guy turned up tomorrow , that 's still sixty-odd years that statistically you 're likely to share , and that 's a hell of a long time . 
  the guy who is right for you will turn up someday , and you 'll find that amazing connection again . 
  you just have to let yourself really get over your ex and clear the way for him first . 
  i 'd actually argue that you 'll see more countryside and have more of a relaxing time on the train . 
  it depends whether you plan to take twenty days to drive to edinburgh and back again with lots of detours on the way or want to spend most of your time enjoying both cities . 
  the route from london to edinburgh , unless you deliberately take lots of windey routes , is motorway . 
  motorway is dull and grey and mostly just cars with some fields either side . 
  the train journey up on the other hand , is extremely pretty , especially on the last part from berwick to edinburgh which is mostly coastal and really lovely . 
  so of course it 's up to you , but personally i 'd savour the journey and pick the train . 
  it 's not fair of him to decide * for * you that you are now a girlfriend and not just an fwb , which is basically what he did . 
  you clearly do n't really want to do more with this guy than just sleep with him , but he seems to have just manhandled you into a relationship because it was ` easier ' . 
  it was n't easier . 
  it 's made it far more complicated than it ever should have been . 
  to be honest , you should have broken it off with him entirely when you said you did n't want anything more , and take that as a lesson for anyone else you might end up as fwb . 
  do n't sleep with someone who wants something more . 
  it just ends up messy . 
  you have to stop being the nice girl here . 
  he 's not your fwb anymore , he 's made himself your boyfriend , and if you do n't want a boyfriend ( and you specifically do n't want him ) you need to put your foot down . 
  break up with him properly , stop sleeping with him and go no contact . 
  contiuning is just going to be a complete nightmare , and to be honest it 's not really fair on him either . 
  he needs to be with a girl who really wants to * be * with him instead of trying to trap you into something you do n't actually want . 
   `` no contact '' wo n't work, 
  you have to * make * it work . 
  what 's your other option ? 
  just to sit there and let him decide he 's your boyfriend until you change friends or finish school ? 
  i mean , you * can * , but that sounds like a massive headache to me . 
  you ca n't just let this guy walk all over you for the sake of not making waves with your friends . 
  honestly ? 
  they 're repetitive . 
  aw * constantly * sees the same questions asked over , and over , and over again , like suddenly we 've all changed our opinions within the last week . 
  they 're always about such insignificant things , too - `` do you like men who wear watches ? '', 
  `` do you like men who like dogs ? '', 
  `` do you find men attractive who wear blue ? '', 
  i do n't know , okay ?!, 
  just wear rainbows . 
  pretty much none . 
  i just let things happen . 
  saying that , however , i 'm at a ridiculously busy time of my life right now and i just do n't have energy to spare to answer chirpy okc messages in a chirpy , flirty way . 
  when i get time to do more than eat and sleep , i 'll try and put some effort in . 
  otherwise i just do everything else in my life , and if a boyfriend crops up somewhere along the line then that 's gravy . 
  the bbc has just done a series following some teachfirst teachers called tough young teachers , so have a look on iplayer for it if you can get access at all . 
  it was on bbc three and was very good . 
  shame : embarrassment , pity , upset, 
  disgrace : lowly , cross , hunched . 
  i 'm female . 
  a bit abstract for ` disgrace ' i know , but they were the first things that came to mind . 
  uh , no , but i do have a close gay friend who tends to pick most of his ( many , many ) boyfriends from assorted church of england clergy . 
  he 's been with a vicar-in-training for about a year now , so apparently the formula seems to work for him . 
  my friend 's quite open about what his boyfriend does and i 'm * pretty * sure it 's reciprocated . 
  i did my first degree in theatre production , with specialism in lighting design . 
  i 'm now doing my second degree in history . 
  theatre twins !, 
  where did you study ? 
  just to add , there are several train stations in london , but the norwich service runs from london liverpool street . 
  it 's a train i get all the time and it 's very straightforward . 
  rose spritzer with lemonade, 
  or pimms with lemonade , piled high with fruit . 
  it 's the * perfect * summer drink . 
  i showed my dog there on sunday and handled him myself . 
  most people in my breed are both owners and handlers , though of course a good portion would have been swapped out . 
  you 're also allowed to bring in someone else to move your dog around the ring if you have mobility problems . 
  it 's unrealistic to say that * most * dogs there were handled professionally , though . 
  a few years ago i had a redundant cupboard space in my bedroom that was just filling up with junk , so my dad helped me design , buy materials and build four drawers for it instead . 
  they look great , and now i have extra room for clothes !, 
  i 'm super proud of them . 
  aww i like that !, 
  i love it when you just try a book for the ` whatever ' factor and it ends up completely blowing you away . 
  it happened to me with robin hobb 's * assassins apprentice * . 
  i picked it up out of curiosity and had finished the whole trilogy within about a week . 
  oooh that sounds interesting !, 
  what 's it about ? 
  asoiaf really is a whole summer project . 
  some bits are a real slog , but if you just keep pushing through you get back to the good bits again . 
   i 've missed them even if , quite frankly , all american fantasy book covers suck . 
  they really kinda do !, 
  / r/fantasy has done some cover comparisons before , and i honestly could n't believe how shoddy some of the us ones look . 
  the covers for the us and uk * mistborn * books are totally different !, 
  examples : [ these are the us covers ] ( http://img10.imageshack.us/img10/9501/mistborntrilogy.jpg ) and [ these are the uk covers ] ( http://www.mcmbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/sanderson-mistborntrilogyuk4.jpg ) . 
  that sounds really cool !, 
  if she ever makes it available , please do let me know !, 
  i 'd love to have a read . 
  believe me , you 're preaching to the choir when it comes to * tawny man * . 
  i 'm so excited for the new fitz & fool trilogy too !, 
  [ omg yes in august go look ] ( http://io9.com/first-exclusive-look-at-robin-hobbs-next-novel-fools-1533631696 ), 
  also , robin hobb hangs out all the time in / r/fantasy , you should totally come see the little tidbits she gives us all about it . 
  holy crap . 
  you inflicted a book you hated on yourself for * ten years * ? 
  that 's some serious masochism going on !, 
  i was talking to an american lady at crufts on sunday after i 'd handled my dog who was genuinely very surprised at how much more relaxed and casual our shows were . 
  less professional handler influence was one of the things she specifically picked out as being different in her eyes . 
  hahaha , my books are getting neglected for study but reddit definitely is n't !, 
  high five for more work-and-study gals !, 
  i work two jobs and have a full time degree going on too . 
  do you even remember what a social life looks like any more ?
