  loved petra in jordan , the catacombs in alexandria , the whole italian coastline and seeing the dhobi ghats in mumbai in particular . 
  personally i choose to be single because a ) i 'm busy and b ) it 's fun !, 
  i 'm the same as / u/a _ hostpital in that i did some gym as a child and loved it , but now i 've gone back to the sport as an adult . 
  i 'm 28 , so the splits are a bit harder than they used to be !, 
  i train at two different clubs two or three times a week and have already done one amateur adult competition , where i came third on beam !, 
  i 'm working towards getting both back and front somersaults , back handspring , and walkovers , and being able to do anything at all on bars . 
  absolutely love the sport and definitely aiming to keep it up for a few years yet . 
  his house was too beige . 
  also he made a really weird clicking noise when he kissed me . 
  i just could n't do it . 
  i do like public whip - it showed me that my conservative mp actually voted the way i would have liked him to pretty much every time . 
  definitely like him more than i used to !, 
  [ this ] ( http://thebackbencher.co.uk/how-did-your-mp-vote-on-syria-find-out-here/ ) is specifically the link for seeing how mps voted on syria . 
  i 'm not certain what other votes they have up . 
  is bernard jenkin your mp too ? 
  ( north essex ) i was disappointed to see he voted yes , so , email time it is . 
  humanitarian relief , aid , political support to un resolutions ? 
   but the impression i get is that if we did , we 'd just be another side in the clusterfuck of sides , making things worse . 
  exactly how i feel about it , too . 
  if we go in and bomb out assad , the rebels just do n't have any cohesive lead to take up power , and are totally spread out all over the place with all different factions and different ideological ideas . 
  it would descend into chaos , and we 'd be dragged in even more . 
  [ the backbencher ] ( http://thebackbencher.co.uk/how-did-your-mp-vote-on-syria-find-out-here/ ) has a full list of how each mp voted . 
  last person to finish off the toilet roll buys the new one . 
  or at least swaps out the empty cardboard roll for the full one that 's sitting * right there * . 
  class is sort of hard to define over here , because it 's more of an innate knowledge of what 's high class/low class rather than anything that actually * affects * your life . 
  it 's more about the papers you read , the school you went to , and the way you talk than anything else . 
  oh , and probably the way you vote . 
  i 'd argue that it some sense it 's still tied to occupation for the lower classes , but once you get to middle/upper middle the lines are blurred a lot more . 
  a really good book to read that might help you get a better idea of how we work would be kate fox 's [ watching the english ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/watching-english-hidden-rules-behaviour/dp/0340818867/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1377860030&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=watching+the+english ) . 
  she might have abstained in that case . 
  just finished work at my second job tonight ( friday ) , a haircut in the morning on saturday followed by some ambling around town , work again on saturday night and then hopefully spending the day with the new guy i 'm dating on sunday . 
  i really like him , so i 'm all jittery nervous about seeing him again . 
  in a good way !, 
  well , i had a first date with a lovely man on tuesday which is going on a third on sunday and hopefully a fourth next week , so ... 
  i find dates through online dating , which is normally such a * slog * of messaging back and forth , and then texts and then maybe a phone call before you even meet up , which i got sick of . 
  so i have a little line in my profile saying ` message me if ... ' and i put ' [ something something ... ] you 're free next week for coffee ' . 
  and he messaged me saying `` i 'm free next week , are you ? 
  ' , i looked at his profile for about ten seconds , saw that i liked it , and said yes . 
  and it turns out he 's basically my perfect guy , so i 've got my fingers crossed for something good . 
  he was straightforward and asked me out without messing around . 
  i like that . 
  that 's why i said yes . 
  yup . 
  i 've joined adults gymnastics classes and absolutely * love * it , so now i try and go twice a week . 
  i 've already done a competition , which kind of feels amazing when you 're 28 and doing things in front of judges for the first time ever . 
  oooh i just googled the zuchold schleudern and watched ruby 's doha routine - what a cool move !, 
  just say thank you . 
  respond with a compliment of your own if you like . 
  they 're meant to be nice commentary on you , not something that puts you on the spot . 
  i hate clubbing . 
  i have n't really been clubbing since i was a student , which was about seven years ago now . 
  i 'd much rather go to a bar or pub and have good conversation with friends all evening . 
  something like [ silent disco ] ( http://silentdisco.com/v2/ ) is totally perfect for me , because you can either rave it out to great music , or actually go and have a good conversation with someone without blasting your eardrums to bits . 
  short term : get back to gymnastics classes twice a week . 
  i was doing well and then i slacked off and my tummy 's showing it quite well . 
  medium term : manage my time well enough to get good results for the second year of my new degree . 
  i 'm balancing full time study with two other jobs , one day a week volunteering and actually having some social time to myself . 
  oh , and hopefully turn the few dates i 've had with a lovely guy into something a little more long term . 
  long term ( within the next five years ) : complete my degree and teacher training and get a permanent job as a secondary history teacher . 
  i would like to add ` get married and have kids ' in there too , but i 've been single for an awfully long time so it seems a bit of a far reach right now !, 
  being alone or being single is n't ` fucked up ' in the slightest , and if you think that then you really should learn to be okay with yourself before you start worrying about which hobbies might be attractive to women or not . 
  i put on my makeup at the same time as i get dressed . 
  i did n't leave the house yesterday and spent the whole time playing with the dog in the garden or sitting in front of the tv , and * still * had on primer , concealer , foundation , and mascara . 
  i do n't feel fully dressed without it . 
  he 'll always be a fantasy for me , as i only knew him for a limited , very intense period of time , and he lives in a totally different country , so i could never * really * get to know him . 
  i wish i had taken my chance with him when i was given it , and i will always regret that , but at least he 'll always be a pleasant memory to reminisce about . 
  vouchercodes.co.uk and vouchercloud.com are pretty good places to start . 
  pizza express is always having offers on their food , definitely sign up to their mailing list for lots of 2 for 1 on mains deals or meals under a tenner kind of things . 
  i think my first degree is currently somewhere around # 13,000 , and i 've just been approved for another # 5000 to do the second year of my new degree . 
  if i also get it for third year ( unsure ) , then i 'll be singing the tune of around # 25,000 when i 'm all done . 
  and that 's without the fees i 'll need to pay to do postgraduate teacher training . 
  i 'll least i 'll be able to get rid of it when i 'm 60 . 
  that everything is 24 hours . 
  i can go get a pancake with anything i like on it at 3:30 am in the morning just because i * want * to ? 
  and you 'll be * nice * to me about it ? 
  what is this madness ? 
  also , the size of your houses . 
  they . 
  are . 
  ** huge ** . 
  28 , and an atheist . 
  maybe monthly ? 
  i do n't really dwell on stuff like that too often , and if i do it 's mostly to consider my life post-parents . 
  which i also do n't want to think about too much . 
  i 'm not scared of dying . 
  i like to think of it as mark twain said , `` i do not fear death . 
  i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born , and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it . '' mixed with the sirius black quote from harry potter , that it 's `` quicker and easier than falling asleep '' . 
  i do n't think i 'd want to live forever - i think half of the joy in life is that it 's so short , and so fleeting that you have to put as much into it as you possibly can . 
  i 'd suggest it 's perhaps down to the types of friendships we have and the subjects we discuss with them rather than any personal attributes . 
  with my other girl friends , we thoroughly dissect relationships and breakups - ` what did he say , then what happened , are you okay with that , how are you doing , are you seeing him again , oh honey do n't even answer that ' sort of things . 
  we talk about every part of it , and it 's really quite cathartic , because you get to put absolutely everything out on the table , analyse what could or should have happened , and get another person 's view on all of the little details . 
  i do n't think men necessarily have that type of discussion with their friends , or at least not ones that get down into the 'em otions and feelings ' part , which are of course so important in failed relationships . 
  so maybe with women we can start to get over things faster because we have that sounding board just to get it out , whereas men are more forced to bottle it up internally . 
  as an ex cruise ship stage manager , there was actually quite a lot to do on our hours off . 
  if we were docked in a port , once technical rehearsals were done with for the entertainment department we could go ashore as we pleased and just had to be back an hour or so before the ship disembarked . 
  if you had to stay onboard you 'd do stuff like have naps , watch tv , dick around on the internet and chat to people in the crew mess . 
  if it 's a sea day ( i.e. 
  no port ) , then you would n't have any spare time because you 'd spend it all entertaining the guests with games , lectures , movie showings and things like wine tastings or cooking demonstrations and running around doing shit . 
  i spent most of my working time either setting up for shows , setting up the band , tidying up after the band , tidying up after the show or telling people how to work a goddamn microphone . 
  and yes , the crew have to share very small rooms , usually bunked with tvs and dvd players , and usually interior cabins without windows and with small shower ` pods ' in for hygiene stuff .
