  they * grow * , and there were so many times that i found myself cheering kettricken on , or nodding my head at the telling off starling gives fitz , or the sheer bloody-mindedness of wizened little kettle . 
  tawny man has the most wonderful ideas of a fully fledged matriarchal society , and liveships has so many cool women heading leading families , or captaining ships or just existing in substantial positions of power without anyone blinking an eye . 
  they are so well rounded , and it is so refreshing to read that . 
  if you want characters that you will fall in love with , read hobb . 
  for me , there is n't anyone better . 
   i 'll just randomly spin a girl like in a dance as we 're walking down the street and pull her in for a kiss . 
  uh , personally if we 're going for coffee on a busy saturday afternoon in the high street , and i 've just spent the last ten minutes dodging mums and prams and slow walking grannies , and then you decide you want to twirl me around and kiss me a la that new york photo for * no reason * then yeah , we 've got some talking to do . 
  i really do n't enjoy pdas at all - i feel self conscious and embarrassed because i 'm not fifteen years old any more , i 'm almost thirty . 
  a guy who kept pushing it with stuff like that would probably push me away . 
  i 'd rather keep heavy affectionate stuff for private rooms and keep it light when out in public . 
  for me being massively affectionate does n't somehow * prove your love * to anyone - it just looks like you 've got something to prove . 
  you 're not an asshole - but i 'd put it out there that you 're being partway unrealistic about things , too . 
  sure , women shave and wax and laser and get rid of our body hair , but sometimes it 's just downright * irritating * and sometimes i really just ca n't be bothered to go through the whole rigamarole of shaving again . 
  ( i also do n't much like waxing and i do n't have a few thousand pounds to drop on laser hair removal ) . 
  so sometimes i 'll be hairy . 
  and sometimes while i 'm hairy i 'll want sex , and i do think that with long time girlfriends that 's just going to have to be a state of mind you 'll need to get used to , because your girlfriend is n't always going to be plucked and preened every time either of you get horny . 
  is he going to sit there and squawk all the time because i have n't got the cattle carcass on slow boil ? 
  because that 's just irritating . 
  anyway , i 've always had a thing about those hawks ... 
   i know this may come off as creepy, 
  answering your own question there , mate . 
  yes , it 's super super creepy , and yes i would be weirded out . 
   if they have bf 's , i wont do it . 
  so taken ladies are off the radar because ... reasons , but single girls are okay fap material because clearly they need sexytimes anyway , amiright ? 
  seriously , leave your friends photos alone and go back to / gw or pornhub . 
  it 's not cool . 
  but those poor , poor girls who do n't have anyone to love , they 're * totally * okay to jerk it off to , right ? 
  seriously , stand back and ** look at what you are saying ** here . 
   i would feel bad and disrespectful towards both sides, 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  you would feel as though you are disrespecting a man and girl a if you whacked it to her pictures , but you would n't feel as though you are also direspecting single girl b by jerking to hers , because in that case it 's somehow just a fantasy ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways , you really ca n't . 
  why is it only the invisible presence of a man that influences your feelings about this ? 
  * he 's * not the one getting jerked off to . 
  i would find it odd , and i would probably side eye him more than her , but i would n't actually say anything about it . 
  massive age gaps always seem odd to me - what happens if you stay together , but when you 're thinking about babies at 30-odd he 's looking towards topping up his pension pot in his mid fifties and p&o cruises ? 
  i also think people change * so much * in their twenties that the older person is going to have the harder time dealing with it than the younger one . 
  but it 's your relationship after all , not mine , and i 'd just let them do their thing . 
  what is it ... ? 
  if you stand on the speakers corner box for an hour and shout absolute bull at everyone , i come along , stand in front of you and tell you to shut up and go home , and then you do just that , have i repressed you ? 
  have i infringed on your right to free speech ? 
  i 've just stood there , listened to you and told you that you 're talking crap . 
  i have n't manhandled you off the box , called the police on you , physically gagged you or otherwise infringed on your right to stand on a box and shout your beliefs at passers-by . 
  this is exactly like that , just on a bigger scale . 
  ukip , the bnp and edl have n't been gagged , assaulted , arrested or otherwise repressed - they 've just been told to shut up and go home . 
  nigel farage has just had a prime time televised debate with nick clegg , and most people agree that he won . 
  his opinion gets covered constantly by all of the major newspapers . 
  the bnp has party political broadcasts on the bbc . 
  none of this is gagging . 
  these are grown up politicians , and i 'm quite sure they have media training to deal with being called racist or vile and to cope with accusations of this and that being thrown around . 
  it 's like water off a ducks back to farage now - you just have to look at his smug smile to see how much he does n't care what names he gets called . 
  if these ` terrified ' political parties ca n't deal with being criticised on their policies or approach to running the country , how are they as a party going to seriously deal with the big spotlight that real power might bring ? 
  how are they going to stand up to international power if they ca n't deal with internal national criticism ? 
  soft welsh goats cheese or a lovely slab of grilled halloumi . 
  mmmmmmmmm . 
  ooooh i 've never tried it with lemon juice !, 
  that 's genius !, 
  guess what i 'm having for dinner tonight . 
  edit : misspelling ` genius ' was not my finest hour . 
  i remind myself that it looks fun now because i can give them back . 
  * however * i have also seen * plenty * of facebook posts about projectile poo and projectile vomit and endless colic and crayons in carpets and baby brain and total sleep deprivation because their darling coocoocachoo just * will not * go to sleep . 
  and then i go have a nice long bath and an early night and enjoy my peace and quiet for a little while longer . 
  endless * endless * position changes . 
  that feels good , huh ? 
  you 're getting close to orgasm ? 
  lets just flip you over and try something else for the next five minutes !, 
  also , arse slapping . 
  not . 
  cool . 
  i do n't like my uni much either ( it shut down my entire department two years after i left purely for money reasons even though we had excellent graduate employment rates and a great reputation ) , but if people ask , i either say `` oh , a drama school/university in edinburgh '' or tell them where i went . 
  i loved my course and my tutors and i did well out of it , and that 's the main thing . 
  if you did well academically and you liked your course and got the support you need , why be ashamed of it ? 
  it might be * regarded * as a back up uni , but do the people who go there think of it as that , too ? 
  you were the one who chose to go , and applied to go and got in , there must have been * some * reasons you wanted to be there . 
  i might be coming at this from a bit of a different angle , though - i do n't quite understand the loyalty to universities that americans seem to have . 
  to me , a university is just a place where you get a degree , it does n't * mean * anything . 
  my friends are all the same people , whether they went to oxford , cambridge , keele or the diddy little drama school i attended . 
  it does n't mean that they 're any more spoiled or liberal or artsy than anyone else . 
  we were all students and now we 're employed somewhere doing something else . 
  rather than ending up playing fifty questions with people , i 'd say skirt the subject initially , maybe just give them the town or state you were in , or that you went to do x subject . 
  if they push it , just tell them . 
  if they make one stupid university label their overriding impression of you as a person , then that 's their problem , is n't it ? 
  you need to absolutely bear in mind that over here we select our universities by subject , and we study towards one degree subject the whole three or four years . 
  there 's no major declarations halfway through or anything like that . 
  we do n't * generally * work on location first , subject second . 
  you need to know what you specifically want to study and look for unis based on that . 
  that said , i spent four years in edinburgh and love it dearly . 
  it is a capital city , but it 's very small and intimate and not scary at all . 
  just checking - i was n't sure if you were just picking a university solely on the city it was in and looking at the study second was all . 
  the centre of edinburgh can have high rents yes , but the cost of living varies as to what part of the city centre you 're living in - leith vs new town , marchmont vs morningside , things like that . 
  gumtree is an excellent resource for finding a cheap room or flat to rent and i used it quite a few times without issue . 
  i reckon you 're looking at around # 400 a month for a decent place plus bills , but any current edinburgh residents in / r/askuk can clarify that . 
  the city is very much a student city , so there are lots of discounts around to help bringing cost of living down . 
  you 'll pay a lot out on heating and electricity i expect - edinburgh can be * very * bitter when the weather turns , but most everything is within walking distance so public transport costs will be low , and university of edinburgh buildings are all in the city centre . 
  it really is the most stunning city , and it completely transforms in the summer when the fringe rolls into town . 
  definitely do n't miss that !, 
  where are you flying from ? 
  you 're going to have a real problem finding somewhere cheap in august as it 's smack bang in the middle of the school holidays and the whole travel industry jacks up their prices something chronic . 
  could you move it forward to july or back a little to september instead ? 
  start with the farseer trilogy and assassins apprentice and go from there .
