  if you have n't already booked somewhere to stay , i rather think you might be a bit out of luck !, 
  the population of edinburgh doubles during the fringe - i worked it for six years , and spent at least three of them sleeping on an inflatable mattress in a friend 's boxroom for the month . 
  everything else is going to be * incredibly * expensive . 
  you 'd be better off looking at accomodation either in glasgow , or somewhere in fife and then travelling in and out of the city . 
  otherwise , key things to know :, 
  * there are some key venue owners called the big four . 
  they run the most popular shows and dominate the fringe . 
  there 's underbelly ( who i used to work for ) , assembly , pleasance , and gilded balloon . 
  more recent newcomers are zoo venues ( quite artsy ) , c venues ( super cheap and studenty ) and the free fringe ( does what it says on the tin ) . 
  * big four will probably have two or three different sites in town ; underbelly now has four ( i think ) and pleasance has at least two . 
  this does mean you might have to double check * where * the show is performing . 
  do n't assume . 
  * there 'll usually be 2 for 1 offers going on for underperforming shows . 
  go to a venue box office and see what 's on their deals list . 
  * there will be daily review sheets published - broadway baby is a good one , off the top of my head . 
  they 're amateur reviewers , and i particularly loved reading the one star reviews towards the end of the fringe , because they are clearly totally fed up of everything . 
  * the best time to do the fringe is at the start of august when everyone is eager and fresh and in town . 
  after around the 14th/15th , some performers finish their run and go home , and the fringe starts to lose a little bit of its fizz . 
  * for a super cheesy night , go have a drink at c venues on museum street . 
  other good drinks places are the udderbelly pasture , gilded balloon at teviot , the pleasance courtyard and the pleasance dome . 
  * the grassmarket is a really nice area to wander around in the evening , and i always liked getting a crepe from one of the vans there . 
  hula bar in the grassmarket also does amazing smoothies with vitamins in . 
  * the best way to do the fringe is actually really simple . 
  get a brochure , open it up and choose the next show that 's on at random . 
  or go to the box office of the next venue you get to and book a ticket for the next show that 's on . 
  you might see something amazing and you might see a huge pile of rubbish . 
  that 's honestly the beauty of the fringe - anything goes !, 
  * spank !, 
  is a late night comedy show at underbelly that gives you a taster of loads of different comedians . 
  it 's also very drunken , usually has some nudity in and is in the sweatiest venue you could imagine . 
  i loved it . 
  the horne section are supposed to be great . 
  the fringe is where lots of famous british comedians get their first break . 
  * if they 're performing this year , frisky & mannish are my favourite !, 
  * at least once , take a walk up the royal mile and be prepared to get barraged with flyers . 
  it 's a fringe tradition . 
  * taxis will be impossible to get back late at night and will be super ridiculously expensive . 
  * have the most amazing time !, 
  i 'm so jealous - i * love * the fringe and i 'm dying to go back . 
  i finished a distance learning ba degree full time in three years whilst * also * working one job full-time , one job part-time and doing one day a week volunteering in a local school . 
  i 'm * so * fucking proud of that thing , you have no idea . 
  we 're not mind readers . 
  we ca n't tell you what your girlfriend i 'd thinking on such vague information . 
  how often do you go ? 
  how long for ? 
  do you pick going to the gym over spending time with her at all ? 
  it was n't out of nowhere , she * has * talked to you about it before , and she has been considering it for a long time . 
  you just did n't take her seriously . 
  it is a small tattoo . 
  in her words , it 's the only one she wants . 
  it 's her body and she 's a grown woman . 
  calm the fuck down , op . 
  this is n't about you . 
  is that such a bad thing op ? 
  i love it when my students ask me questions - it shows they 're curious , engaged in the lesson and really willing to learn . 
  your teacher clearly really liked having you in the classroom and thought you could do well . 
  i think you need some more faith in yourself !, 
  i 'm aware that meeting up with other lgbt people can be risky in the sense that in many areas you ca n't be as openly affectionate with someone as i could be on a cis het date . 
  i 've kissed several guys at the end of a date without even thinking about where we were , and i know that other people ca n't always get ( or risk ) that opportunity . 
  i really like meeting new people !, 
  i 'm very good at talking to people , and i like getting to meet cute new guys for dinner and hearing about them or talking about myself . 
  it 's fun !, 
  i do definitely have to take breaks from it occasionally though , because dating * is * exhausting . 
  it 's really awful :( i know isis lost control of fallujah a few days ago , so i 'm guessing it 's in response to that ? 
  yeah , i did realise after i posted that comment that it would probably be that way for op on a diet , and ` have just one ' was bad advice . 
  i do feel like it 's one symptom of a bigger thing though . 
  i feel like the gf is maybe feeling neglected by op spending so much time at the gym , and then he 's turning down things she makes ( and knows he loves ) , it all adds up . 
  pretty typical tory mp on the leave side . 
  no better , no worse than any of the rest of them . 
  pukwudgie and i 'm a gryffindor ( or gryffinclaw lately ) . 
  i 'm fine with that , i think ?? 
  its quite nice that we do n't know anything about the houses so there was n't that unconscious bias that you get with a normal hogwarts houses quiz . 
  yeah , i 've always thought of myself as a gryffindor , but got ravenclaw on pottermore . 
  little bit annoyed , but i 'll always be a gryffindor at heart !, 
  daredevil !, 
  oitnb is great too , but the fight choreography , lighting and sound design in daredevil is just amazing . 
  i was never able to get into house of cards . 
  i just hated all the characters too much . 
  they 're not your friends and they 're jealous of your success . 
  part of becoming an adult is learning to recognise which of your relationships are healthy and push you on to succeed , and which relationships are unhealthy ones that will drag you down . 
  these girls are the latter , and nothing you can do will change them , i 'm afraid . 
  i 've just qualified as a teacher , so it 's been in the back of my mind for quite a while now that teaching gives me the freedom to move abroad if i wanted . 
  i would * like * to get a mortgage and a dog , but i 'm glad i 've at least got that option open . 
  my cousin lives in sweden and has said there 's an excellent international school near her that often has vacancies open up . 
  i 've recently got into ** the bowery boys ** who are two guys discussing the historical stories of new york . 
  they 're really good !, 
  i listened to one about the famous mystery surrounding the disappearance of a turn of the century socialite , and i 've just finished one on the history of hell 's kitchen . 
  definitely worth a try !, 
  i understand he has ptsd , but you 've already told us that you recognise you 're also in an abusive environment , and honestly op , it 's just going to get worse . 
  you 've already said that he 's escalated his behaviour - how on earth are the two of you going to cope when you 've got pregnancy hormones on the rampage as well ? 
  how can you realistically bring a child up in this kind of environment ? 
  how can you pay for the needs of a baby when you go on maternity leave and he 's not working ? 
  * you * should n't be the one bearing all of this weight . 
  you need to keep yourself safe and secure , and i really do n't think staying in this environment is going to help . 
  a ) saying ` gay kisses do n't count ' is rude and minimising as shit . 
  b ) your boyfriend considers kissing another * person * as cheating , and as he 's the so here , his is really the only opinion that matters . 
  c ) you 'd better start apologising , and quickly . 
  so if he and his husband are both straight , so much so that ronnie has a girlfriend , why did they get married ? 
  why could n't he marry the girlfriend , or a girlfriend . 
  also , if ronnie is ghanian/italian then surely he could use his italian citizenship to get eu residence here without the need for a sham marriage .
