  i messaged her every so often saying that i missed her and hoped she was good , but she never answered . 
  our mutual close friend asked me if i heard from her , but i never did . 
  it was really upsetting and frustrating , and i felt like * i * had done something wrong , but i knew i had n't . 
  it was just her . 
  in the end i invited her out for my 30th birthday , but she turned me down because she was going to someone elses 30th instead . 
  i think that was pretty much the point that i gave up on her being my friend . 
  it 's quite sad , because our mutual close friend ( another uni person ) is getting married this year , and i 'm one of her bridesmaids . 
  this girl is n't even invited , and all three of us met on the same day and lived together for the same length of time . 
  it just shows how much a good friendship will last if you nurture it , and how much it will fade if you do n't . 
  not only did he completely undermine you , he made a ` prank ' out of a serious subject that a lot of people get genuinely hurt by , or spend a * lot * of their life trying to process . 
  making a prank out of being gay or trans really is n't that funny . 
  it 's the sort of thing that twelve year olds do , except he 's twenty three years old . 
  i do n't find that very funny , or mature , at all . 
  love edinburgh so damn much . 
  i lived there for four years , went back to work a whole bunch of fringe festivals and still miss it . 
  gorgeous city . 
  i did it last year . 
  full time open university degree and full time job doing sales for my dads company . 
  it was really , really , * really * hard , especially around exam time when i needed time to revise , but i got used to it . 
  you need to schedule your time well , and get used to a routine of coming in from work , having dinner and getting straight on to your uni work . 
  at the same time , do a cut off time in the evening - i always stopped once it got to 10.30 because a ) i knew i was n't taking any more information in , and b ) rest and sleep is just as important as serious work . 
  make sure you still allow yourself social time and little treats , and uni work does n't completely swallow you whole . 
  i was very housebound with my nose in books for may and june in particular , but i always tried to at least take the dog for a walk and have a coffee somewhere just so i could get a change of scene . 
   i 'm so close to just straight up telling her to come home . 
  and what do you think will happen ? 
  will she say ` oh , / u/slash _ hudson needs me , i 'm just going to book a flight home tomorrow ' ? 
  or will she say ' / u/slash _ hudson , i 'm in africa and i like it here , i 'm not leaving ' ? 
  i think it 's the second one , and i think most people in here will agree with me . 
  you need to get a * grip * . 
  going for a study abroad session is much better for her than staying at home because of your insecurities , and you ca n't just sit there and demand that she comes back . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  yes , she may come back a different person , but that is what happens when we grow up and have new experiences . 
  people do n't stay the same forever , and we need to grow with them . 
  is there a counsellor that you can talk to , or even just a friend who can give you some reassurance ? 
  be really pessimistic or constantly down on himself , even in a joking way . 
  i do n't like being around people like that and get frustrated by it really easily . 
  i normally just wear my wellies if i 'm walking the dog somewhere damp or muddy . 
  i do n't wear them in town or anything and i do n't wear mine as fashion accessories . 
  just plain old thick-sock going out in the rain type wear . 
  i 'm actually doing my uni work !, 
  i 'm up , dressed , sitting downstairs on the sofa and typing up my notes like i 've been meaning to for the last five days . 
  yes , i 'm redditing , but i 'm also genuinely working . 
  and i might even have a healthy soup for lunch !, 
  i loooooooove gin and tonic . 
  try a bombay sapphire gin sometime with tonic and a slice of lime . 
  it 's heavenly . 
  oh , or pimms in the summertime is absolutely compulsory !, 
  make it with loads of lemonade and lashings of fruit . 
  it 's so good . 
  it 's * your apartment * . 
  you control who goes in and who goes out . 
  your apartment has * nothing * to do with him . 
  if you had a drunk friend crash in your bed , i 'd side with him . 
  your brother stayed for one night . 
  i have no idea where disrespecting a partner comes in to it . 
  he needs to get over his silly little hissyfit . 
  he is * twenty nine * years old . 
  tell him to grow up . 
  i suggested dinner two weeks ago , he said ` could we do drinks instead ? 
  ' , i said of course , we messaged a bit more . 
  i then reminded him about the drink so we fixed up a day but he had to reschedule because of crazy work schedules and illness etc. 
  now we 've messaged plenty and i 'm getting sick of just hanging around waiting for him to suggest a rescheduled date . 
  i really do n't want to ask for the third time , but i also hate waiting around for so long !, 
  he * seems * keen , but how keen can someone really be if they never seem to want to actually meet up ? 
  grrr . 
  i would hazard a guess that it 's because :, 
  a ) relative to us in europe at least , korea is a looooong way away , so it 's easier to distance yourself from and joke about, 
  b ) there is absolutely fuck all we can do about whatever n. korea is doing to its citizens - we ca n't put in sanctions ( or any more sanctions ? 
  i do n't know what trade or aid we currently offer ), 
  so distance in assistance , for me , feels like something more remote than has space for humour about it , even though i know it 's genuinely a terrible thing that 's going on as we speak . 
  i assume i 'd go with whatever made my hypothetical future child happy , but i admit i 'd probably be a bit disappointed if my hypothetical child got to their mid-thirties or forties and had n't held down a single long term or stable relationship . 
  i like my women like i like my coffee : ... covered in bees !, 
  i 'm sure they are . 
  i 'm thirty and very content with my single life . 
  i 'm also speaking , as you asked for , from the point of view of a concerned parent who wants the best for their child , and that probably includes the ability to relate to someone long term on an intimate level . 
  [ steve rogers at 100 : celebrating captain america on film ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/1599293 ) by eleveninches , febricant , hellotailor , m_leigh , neenya , tigrrmilk . 
  summary : * `` heil hydra , '' the enemy agent shouts . 
  * `` heil * this * , motherfucker , '' says captain america , shooting off a rocket . 
  steve and bucky find out hollywood has been busy since they went away . 
  how many ways can i explain how i love this fic ? 
  i * love * this fic . 
  it 's funny , it 's clever , it 's got image links so you can see exactly who the authors are thinking of , and it 's even thought provoking at times . 
  it 's a genius study of steve and bucky seeing how the world thinks of them while they 've been asleep . 
  i must have read this a dozen times and laugh every single time . 
  [ anyway , here 's wonderwall ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/2105346 ) by kiarasayre, 
  no pairing and teen + for graphic violence, 
  the winter soldier tracks down each and every hydra agent that forced him to kill and watches them die . 
  he also tries to become a well-rounded individual with interests and hobbies . 
  the results are mixed . 
  this has got such dark humour , but it 's so wickedly funny . 
  it 's a 3rd person pov following the soldier ( he 's definitely not bucky here ) as he hunts down people and somehow picks up their hobbies along the way . 
  great if you love a bit of gallows humour . 
  sure , all the time . 
  i 'm always tempted to kiss people when i 'm having intense conversations with them , and most of the time that 's women . 
  i consider myself ( mostly ) straight . 
  so you had a beer and he shouted at you , but you thought it was okay to just keep drinking more cans ? 
  really ? 
  i would have thrown you out too . 
  buy him another pack and go over there with a serious apology for being so inconsiderate . 
  oh yeah , definitely .
