  i did n't go there because it was ` ladylike ' , i went because i was good at the flute and really enjoyed playing it . 
  i 'll be 29 on the 28th . 
  h&m . it 's a really nice one too . 
  not interested in it being done to me , would play with a partner if he wanted to try it out . 
  only one of those ( my first ) was long term , the rest were very short and slightly dysfunctional . 
  one was actually very short and very dysfunctional . 
  that 's frenchmen for you . 
  two other guys sort of toed the line between relationship and fling so i would n't count them . 
  i 'm 28 . 
  i go to freestyle adult gymnastics sessions once a week and walk my dog . 
  i swim if i can . 
  i want to up gymnastics to two or three times a week as it 's a complete body workout that completely knackers me but my schedule 's already manic . 
  * to pass my new degree that i 'm studying , ideally with a 2:1 . 
  i 'm aiming for a 2015 graduation . 
  * be accepted onto a pgce ( year long teacher qualification course ), 
  * qualify as a secondary school teacher in history . 
  ( hopefully 2016 ), 
  * get a teaching job . 
  * win !, 
  ** do n't worry , a man will turn up when you 're least expecting it . 
  great , so i can go back to sitting around in my pyjamas and eating ben & jerrys then , can i ? 
  a boyfriend will happen when i put in the effort to put down my study books and go and socialise with other people so i can meet new men . 
  he 's not just going to turn up on my doorstep when i finally stop giving a crap . 
  socks and sandals, 
  when a guy takes off his trousers for bed first and not his shirt . 
  shirt first , guys . 
  * every . 
  time * . 
  also , when a guy leaves his socks on for sex . 
  seriously . 
  do you not get how utterly ridiculous and unsexy that looks ? 
  just kick them off somewhere . 
  anywhere . 
  you have a very simple solution here , and it 's this : ** you need to make other friends ** . 
  if you ca n't speak to him alone , then i would guess that he 's trying to do that on purpose . 
  you should never have * sniffed his clothes * while he was staying over with you , what on earth were you thinking ? 
  why did you touch him up while you were asleep , and worse , why on earth did you just try and pretend nothing happened either ? 
  i doubt he feels very comfortable around you now , and he 's trying to wall you off with other friends . 
  you need to get out to do other hobbies if socialising at school is no longer an option . 
  join a club in your local town . 
  join a sports team . 
  just do something that means you take the pressure off of him and off of you . 
  maybe in a year or two when you 've calmed down about your crush and grown up a little more you can see if you can still hang out with him again . 
  for now you need to just leave it alone . 
  i love that . 
  :d some girls have all the luck !, 
  not every gorgeous woman is going to be emotionally unstable , and not every intelligent woman is going to look plain . 
  i know plenty of smart , clued-in women who are pretty to boot . 
  some are doing phds , some are actors so they 're creative and witty , some are teaching and some are stay at home mums or running their own companies . 
  it 's fine to want to date an attractive , smart woman . 
  everyone has their own preferences . 
  just remember that intelligence comes in all different forms , not necessarily just academic smarts , and setting your dating sights on very beautiful , i.e. 
  model , will eliminate large swathes of your dating pool where you might find the emotionally level , smart women you 're looking for . 
  what was the context ? 
  what did he actually say ? 
  it can mean a variety of things , but it depends on how it was said . 
   kind , ( street ) smart , open minded and very attractive is more what i can \u00b4 t seem to find . 
  in that case , i 'd suggest you 're looking in the wrong places for dates , or you keep going for the same kind of woman every time ? 
  most of my friends fill that definition quite well . 
  attractive and practical does n't seem a hard combination to fill at all . 
  well , it was the first thing that sprang to mind so yeah , i guess it 's pretty high up on my list . 
  was going to recommend this too . 
  a really visceral , interesting book telling loki 's story all the way through to ragnarok . 
  loved it . 
  i still love the trailer for [ harry potter and the deathly hallows ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ec2tmfvnne ) . 
  that opening dialogue and shot of voldemort before everything goes big music always makes my spine tingle . 
  that 's cheap and tacky . 
  he 's not your friend . 
  he 's possessive over you and thinks he can guilt trip you out of any other relationships and into one with him . 
  he can tell you his opinion if you ask for it , sure , but making stupid facebook posts about spring cleaning and sending you hugely negative emails when you ask for support is something that a teenage boy would do , not a 41 year old . 
  if i were you , i 'd tell him to put up , shut up and grow up . 
  he 's a middle aged man , not a jealous teenager . 
  however , saying that , * do * be careful of moving in so quickly with someone and keep a level head about it . 
  knowing someone for a long time is very different to actually living with them . 
  i 've seen my fair share of good longterm friendships break up over money squabbles and the inability to live together properly . 
  be [ michael mcintyre ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufqfylq2jgg ) . 
  it 's too exhausting for me to comprehend , dating more than one person at once . 
  i just do it one at a time until it either fizzles out or goes on to something more . 
  i 'm pretty good . 
  i 'm very confident behind the wheel , and i 've never got a speeding fine ( touch wood ) , but i can be impatient with other drivers quite often . 
  it took me four attempts to pass my driving test ( i 'm in the uk and our driving tests are notoriously difficult ) but i think that helped make me more conscientious about what i 'm doing and how to do it . 
  sure , i was a scout with my english troop . 
  i was n't a girl scout , and they were n't boy scouts , we were just ... scouts . 
  it was fun , i liked it . 
  everyone should get to do scouting things if they want . 
  constant oral would probably get pretty old , pretty fast . 
  agreed . 
  the us ones always look so old fashioned !, 
  i much prefer the uk cover approach . 
  simple , dramatic , effective . 
  i do n't get why it needs to be complex . 
  the book does n't need all of its contents on the cover , it just needs a hook . 
  the outline figure of kaladin is the hook . 
  what else do you need on there , really ? 
  i prefer the uk covers for every onem especially words of radiance and wheel of time . 
  the us covers are so old fashioned !, 
  the only one i had to consider were the covers for the emperors blades , but the odd font choice of the american one swayed me to the uk one again . 
  if the us cover did n't have that odd little o and a size choice , i 'd prefer that one for the colours and dramatism . 
  handstand looks good !, 
  do you always practice with shoes on ?
