  it sticks in your mind for ages afterwards . 
  naomi novik 's * temeraire * series - dragons joined the royal navy and get involved in battles !, 
  very cool . 
  madeline miller * the song of achilles * - can also go under fantasy + mythology as it follows the story of achilles and patroclus , but it 's about historical events with living gods and satyrs , and it has the most exquisite writing . 
  a must read . 
  so i 've never used one , but a couple of years ago i did press for a fringe theatre venue , and one of the shows playing was an all girl thing set in a girls bathroom . 
  they actually got themselves sponsored by shewee and had hundreds of the damn things to give out . 
  all of us in the press office got one , even the boys . 
  i could never quite bring myself to employ it , but i 'm sure it 's still in the back of a cupboard somewhere !, 
  fun house !, 
  i always wanted to go on those go-karts, 
  thunderbirds , but that 's a pretty obvious one . 
  i loved thunderbird 1 the best . 
  i actually remember making a blue peter tracy island , with the palm trees and everything . 
  good times . 
  rosie and jim was another great one . 
  such a catchy theme tune . 
  ooooh , tough . 
  star trek was the original and best for me ( i 'm an unashamed voyager fan ) but i just love doctor who too . 
  right now i 'm * so * into guardians of the galaxy and all things space opera too . 
  just love those planet jumping dramas . 
  i vividly remember writing into a magazine for those ` meet your favourite celebrity ' articles and requesting an interview with garrett wong , aka harry kim . 
  surprisingly , they never got back to me . 
   i think we 're going to see a new sci fi trend in the next few years . 
  i really hope so !, 
  at least in films you 've got * guardians * hitting up the mainstream , with * interstellar * due out soonish , the totally totally fabulous teaser for * tomorrowland * just being released ( it 's [ right over here ] ( http://youtu.be/1k59gxtwf-a ) ) and even disney 's big hero six has got some cool sci fi robotics stuff going on . 
  i 'd love to see more kudos for agents of shield and more sci fi tv popping up , but i think there 's enthusiasm there that can be milked for something really good . 
  it is actually a long running joke over here that trains get cancelled because of ` leaves on the line ' , despite trains having run without issue during autumn for a hundred odd years . 
  i was quite happy to do casual before then , but then i decided it was just too much of a faff and i wanted something a little more committed . 
  not in my company , but in my industry ( telecom sales ) it feels more male centric . 
  there 's one magazine that had a back page report on inter company golf games played , and it was all men every time . 
  very frustrating . 
  go right back to secondary school and do a-level history , then do a history or english degree at a more established uni and go from there . 
  seriously , i love how my twenties turned out , but i could have had a completely different life . 
  i sometimes wonder where i 'd be now if i 'd have done that instead . 
  i 'd have no problem with you living at home to save money ( i 'm 29 and will be at home until next autumn before i hopefully go into teacher training myself ) , but the fact that you actually * bought * a house and have gone back to your parents would make me sideeye a bit . 
  sure , it helps you save money , but with teaching and your rent you now have two sources of income , plus the asset of your house . 
  i 'm not what else you might need . 
  i have ` dum spiro spero ' in cursive between my shoulder blades , which means ` while i breathe , i hope ' . 
  i basically just googled latin phrases and picked that one out , but it 's beautifully done and i love it . 
  i have ` terras irradient ' going across both of my wrists , which means ` let them bring light to the world ' . 
  i used to work as a lighting technician , so i would quite literally bring light to a dark stage . 
  i might have to get rid of those because i want to work in private schools , which i 'm a bit sad about because i love them a lot . 
  my last one is ` let it will be ' on my ribs , and i do n't particularly like it that much because it was a last minute spontaneous decision ( in mexico ! ), 
  and i do n't think it 's as well inked as my other two . 
  at some point i 'd really like to get ` this life is more than ordinary ' around my ankle ( red hot chili peppers lyric ) , as i think it sums me up quite well . 
  even though i 'm a smart , capable , able woman with a proactive approach to my work , the men around me are probably going to be paid more than i am . 
  [ two hamsters one wheel ] ( http://youtu.be/1vumdlm0ccu ), 
  catherine tate and david tennant in [ this comic relief sketch ] ( http://youtu.be/wxb1gb6k-2a ) . 
  long , but a goodun !, 
  also , [ this askreddit thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1zhasz/if_an_object_screamed_its_name_every_time_it_was/ ) on ` if an object screamed its name every time it was used , what would be the most annoying ' ? 
  that 's all fair enough , it 's just that -- well -- you 've already bought a house . 
  you ca n't be doing * that * badly as a teacher if you 've got yourself a deposit and a mortgage at age 27 . 
  the two things do n't really go together , you know ? 
  it might make more sense ( for me personally ) to live in your bought house and rent out a room . 
  you 're still getting income to cover the mortgage without being at your parents . 
  i 'm still at home and * gagging * to get out - i ca n't imagine having the ability to do that but choosing to stay in my single room instead . 
  hopefully just starting a teacher training course somewhere else in the uk . 
  i ca n't * wait * to move out again . 
  ten months and counting . 
  colossus of rhodes . 
  i just love the image of having a huge warrior statue somewhere in the world . 
  it would be * amazing * to see . 
  i do sales , but i 'm hoping to be a history teacher . 
  i indulge my hobbies and i ca n't afford travel right now ( my true love ) so i try to visit museums , art galleries and the theatre whenever i can . 
  i love being emotionally worn out pathos-style , so i listen to film soundtracks , indulge in big hollywood films in the cinema ( particularly the marvel and pixar stuff ) . 
  i read * constantly * and always have two or more books on the go . 
  right now i 'm also supplanting that with guardians of the galaxy fanfic because james gunn has my heart by the strings in a wonderful kind of way . 
  i guess i just try to really * involve * myself in things in order to nourish myself , and if i love something then i totally throw myself into it until the next amazing thing comes along . 
  i love the feeling of passion that really great art brings , and i 'm not afraid to show that passion when it really moves me . 
  i would argue that lib dems and the green parties are both left leaning , but ` major ' depends on how badly you think the lib dems are suffering at the moment . 
  i think the sooner they get out of government and start working on regaining some credibility the better . 
  being in power has done them zero favours . 
  i decided over the weekend that i 'd really love some money to go towards a proper leather jacket . 
  it 's a essential piece of fashion that will never get old , and i 'd really like to get a well made one that will last for several years . 
  anything that makes me laugh , especially amusingly snarky responses . 
  that 's probably why / u/sehrah has a little green +67 by her name . 
  ( totally not an embarrassing sehrah fangirl , i swear ) . 
  any geeky responses i understand get an upvote , and i 'll normally go through the replies with negative karma and give them a boost if they deserve it . 
  north korea , maybe ? 
  it 's not like they 're playing nicely with the rest of us . 
  went to drama school , graduated with an ordinary degree , worked in the field having fun for a few years until i burnt out on it . 
  now i 'm single , poor and changing careers . 
  cliche arts grad life story , i 'm afraid !, 
  a few years ago , i painted three very modern green squares in a vertical line on my bedroom wall . 
  i was trying to think of an anonymous username , looked at my wall and said ` oh , three squares . 
  that works . ', 
  god , no . 
  you have henry viii who cycled through six wives , james i who was married , but actually in love with his court favourite , the duke of buckingham ( you can read the [ love letters between james and ` steenie ' here ] ( http://rictornorton.co.uk/kingjame.htm ) ) , george iv who hated his wife queen caroline and went through several mistresses , and charles ii who had a whole shedload of illegitimate children but none with his wife caroline of brunswick . 
  i love our royal family history - they were all so messed up !, 
  i would theorise that it mostly came from victoria and albert rather than our current queen elizabeth . 
  the instant accessibility of chocolate when i 'm in a bad mood . 
  read , or put on white noise . 
  the relax and sleep app is great , as you can set a timer for an hour or whatever of a relaxing sound of your choice . 
  i tend to listen to an owl hooting and a bit of rain and it sends me right off again . 
  if i 'm being kept up because of a thunderstorm or some other loud weather thing , i 'll just go downstairs with the dog and watch tv until it 's quietened down again . 
  agh , of course it was . 
  cheers . 
  that 's what happens when you fact check right before lunch . 
  yeah , i 've had several ` thanks dude ' in response to comments before .
