  i 'm flexible . 
  i sort of arch my back , reach my arms * right * over backwards and drag the zipper up . 
  with a lot of wriggling too , naturally . 
  `` hmm . 
  if i bring my dog will they get along ? '', 
  seriously , it 's a pet . 
  pets are good . 
  as long as you do n't sit there stroking the cat on your lap and laugh creepily , we 're fine . 
  first love is hugely and highly overrated . 
  your first time at * anything * is never going to be the best , and it 's only because love is romantic and shit that ` first love ' gets made out to be such a big deal . 
  your first time driving is nothing massive . 
  your first year at school is probably quite routine . 
  no one even * remembers * the first time you ate ice cream . 
  but the first time you fall in love ? 
  well that has to be the ** special ** part of your life . 
  obviously . 
  i suspect it 's all such a big thing because most people have a first love when they 're a teenager . 
  that means hormones , and dramatic moments and wistful looking back at a simpler time when you 're older and more cynical . 
  in reality , it was probably massively unwise , full of squabbling and lots of gossip with your friends about whether you 'd had sex yet . 
  the first boy i fell in love with is someone i do n't particularly want to hold any more than a five minute conversation with . 
  he 's not even a big deal to me anymore . 
  he 's just ... there . 
  no , there is no special place in my heart for him , because i was in love with him when i was 16 and that 's twelve years ago . 
  i 've changed . 
  there 's nothing in the world that would make me want to go back . 
  honestly ? 
  made zero difference . 
  most of my experiences and relationships have been short term things with no real discernible effect on my life other than making me a bit giddy and then a bit morose about things every so often . 
  it 's been my initiative and willingness to socialise that 's made the real difference , not my sexuality . 
  i 've reposted it now . 
  it 's way past my bedtime . 
  not quite . 
  there 's a few of us left in my group , though sometimes it feels like i 'm the perpetual one . 
  that 's all right though - give it a few years and i 'm sure there 'll be some divorcees rolling around , too . 
  by using body language . 
  i deliberately mirror people i 'm attracted to - copying their posture , the way they 're holding their hands or things like a glass if we 're out having dinner . 
  it helps people feel more connected to you and it pretty much works for me 99 % of the time . 
  when i 'm flirty i 'm quite deliberately so . 
  i 'm in my late twenties . 
  i guess i 've got less giggly as i grow , really . 
  i know what works so i tend to employ it more deliberately . 
  i 'm not sure if i know when a guy is oblivious as such , but i know when i 'm not being flirted back with , so i tend to back off in return . 
  rural , but having just stayed in a holiday cottage in the middle of a lot of fields with no phone signal and no internet i 've realised my ideal place would actually be right on the edge of a country village . 
  hah , hardly . 
  well , as most dating sites only let you view profiles if you 've signed up anyway , then you 'd only get recognised by people you know who are also on the dating site , too . 
  also , if your current method of finding girlfriends at bars is n't working , change your method . 
  why should i ? 
  meeting people off the internet is n't the weird oddball thing it was a few years ago . 
  i 've got profiles on a couple of sites and had several good dates out of it . 
  if you 're not sold in the idea of dating sites , then do n't do it . 
  girls on there wo n't want to go on dates with a guy who wants to pretend they did n't actually meet online . 
  but if and when you do , it 's just another tool to use . 
  well , currently i do n't exactly have much spare time in my week to sit around thinking about `` what do i do since i do n't have a man in my life to entertain me ? '', 
  so instead , i compete in dog shows , go to gymnastics classes , make day trips to london to see my friends , go on dates , walk the dog , go to the cinema , go to the theatre , have coffee with local friends , read history books , watch tv , see relations , go shopping , study for my new degree , bake cakes ... 
  you know . 
  the usual . 
  it used to play a massive part when i was younger . 
  i took up playing the flute when i was about 12 and it lead to me going to weekly music school , being in a wind band , a classical orchestra and a jazz orchestra . 
  like things always do when you get older , i kind of grew out of that , but i still have a huge passion for movie soundtracks and classical music . 
  my eternal favourite will always be the incredibly dramatic , beautifully composed [ barbarian horde ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpq6hjxak1e ) by hans zimmer from the film gladiator . 
  god i love that piece . 
  the right call-and-response to pantomimes . 
  honestly , you really need to talk to your girlfriend about this and be honest with her . 
  maybe she 's open to the idea of you having responsible , protected sex with guys ( with her full knowledge and consent , of course ) . 
  we do n't know her . 
  but if she 's not open to it , and wants a fully monogamous relationship then you just ca n't have it both ways . 
  you 'll need to decide which is a bigger deal to you personally - having the freedom to have sex with guys or having a relationship with one girl . 
  maybe later you 'll find emotional connections as well as just sexual ones with men as well as women . 
  for my two cents , i 'd suggest that since your relationship is still quite early , you might be better breaking it off now . 
  being twenty is all about the time to go out and discover what you * really * want before settling down . 
  you 've asked stan if he likes you ( twice !, 
  ) , he has said yes . 
  what else do you need to know ? 
  ignore his friend - why he 's apparently being a dick is beyond me . 
  you 've got it straight from the horses mouth that stan likes you . 
  i do n't think you really need to push it any more than that . 
  how is she being inconsiderate of * your * feelings by doing what * she * wants with her body ? 
  it 's her skin . 
  she can do what she likes with it . 
  you 've told her your opinion , she obviously took this into consideration for a little while and then decided to do what she wants instead . 
  which she 's perfectly entitled to . 
   is this temporary ? 
  it 's a tattoo , not a sticker . 
   am i just being an ass ? 
  yes . 
   i feel she is a little inconsiderate of my feelings , but i could be wrong . 
   what should i do reddit ? 
  get over it and stop playing the ` woe is me ' card , or let her go find a man who likes the fact that she likes to get permanently drawn on . 
  they are not going away , and i sincerely doubt that this will be the last one . 
  well , if she 's been getting permanent things done to her body with your apparent approval for the last 4 years , why would she suddenly think she needs to talk about it with you ? 
  her body is her body . 
  does n't matter if you 've been dating her for ten days or ten years . 
  still her body . 
  still her decisions . 
  if you do n't like it , then lump it or leave . 
  again , i doubt this will be the last time she will go and get inked . 
  you need to decide exactly what that means to you . 
   i think even though we have been together for a long time that i put more weight into what we want instead of what i want . 
  and then when she goes her own way and does what she prefers instead of what you both prefer you feel wronged , right ? 
  out of curiosity , do you do much outside of this relationship ?
