  i like having somewhere with big sofas and warm cushions to curl up on . 
  it * is * worth it , but only * if * you pick the right course . 
  i did my first degree in theatre production , another career that you can do from the ground up , but i picked my uni very particularly for one that was vocational and had industry contacts that i could n't get myself . 
  bournemouth is well connected , and they 'll help you get those crucial networking links that you need to get the job . 
  it 's never what you know , it 's who you know . 
  it must be an american thing - at every wedding i 've been to here in the uk , guests buy their own drinks . 
  it would be crazy expensive to pay for everyone !, 
  yeah , my dad always puts a chunk of lard into each indent , then puts it in the oven for ten/fifteen minutes before adding the batter . 
  nice , massive , dish-shaped yorkies . 
  yum . 
  i love going to the pantomime and really getting involved . 
  cheering the hero , hissing the villain , counting how many costume changes the dame gets - seeing a panto always kicks off christmas for me . 
  all three are great , but i would especially vote for agent carter for first avenger and winter soldier easter eggs - you get a * lot * of stuff about the red room and a really nice set up right at the end of the series for massive winter soldier backstory . 
  carter also gives you loads of stark history which you can join together , and it 's just all round short , sweet and jolly good fun . 
   i do n't think it fits with the rest of the universe in a way that benefits anyone, 
  i really do n't think you can argue that with what we 've got from season 3 so far . 
  loads of hydra vs shield , loads of inhumans , big hints towards civil war , some nice links to the cosmic realm of gotg ... it most definitely fits in , and it 's laying a * lot * of groundwork right now . 
  aww , that sounds like such a good day !, 
  it 's so nice when everything goes like clockwork . 
  well done you !, 
  i think i 'm quite self aware . 
  i know my own likes , dislikes and motivations , and i 'm quite aware of my body and what it needs/when it hurts too . 
  all of that has really only come in the last five years or so , though . 
  an obvious one maybe , but antoine 's weed factory is madame gao 's old heroin packaging joint . 
  thought that was a really nice touch of continuity !, 
  i prefer daredevil . 
  jj dropped off the pace for me a bit in the middle , and i was rooting more for matt and foggy as the leads than i did for jessica , luke or trish . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what made the difference . 
  maybe it was because jessica was * so * detached it did n't really make me feel like i completely wanted her to win , whereas matt was always the hero for me . 
  i liked jj an awful lot , but i do like dd more . 
  by nickname for one and first name for the second . 
  nanna tabby ( after her yappy dog ) and nanna flo . 
  nah , it was the russians warehouse that got blown up . 
  madame gaos was set on fire . 
  maybe , but i do think it was a pretty deliberate choice to have all of the tables set up in exactly the same way . 
  baby setters are the cutest thing ever !, 
  i miss mine loads . 
  what a sweetheart . 
  i just put one up , 
  he can always climb on the chair , and somehow looks much more confused about getting down again !, 
  for what it 's worth , henry 's the laverack line show setter , which make up the vast majority of setters here in the uk . 
  you hardly ever see the working line llewellin style ( which i think is the american preference ? ), 
  with the shorter coat unless you 're out on a shoot , or maybe at a show where you see one or two . 
  nanna and grandad or grandma and grandad for me in essex . 
  i 'm pretty sure my scots relatives use grandpa , but i could be wrong . 
  watched it all over the weekend . 
  i enjoyed it , and the cast were all completely amazing , but overall i think daredevil is the better series . 
  jj lost its pacing halfway through and just kind of spun its wheels for a while , whereas daredevil was always going from one cliffhanger to the next . 
  ca n't wait for all of the defenders to come together , though !, 
  he repeatedly calls you a slut , tells you he thinks you 're angling for sex from other guys , the behaviour is increasing and now he 's demanding photos to ` prove ' to him that you 're coalescing to his silly little whims . 
  this guy is a tool . 
  you 're much better off without him - and i bet your dress sense is flawless , too . 
  also , * also * , what the fuck is a ` specific shaped vagina ' ? 
  a neon spiky one ? 
  this guy is constantly calling her a whore for wearing * leggings * and shorts . 
  in australia !, 
  in their summer !, 
  if she was wearing shell bras and hot pants every day to every occasion , i might agree with you . 
  she 's not . 
  her boyfriend needs to back off , grow up and get over himself , or op needs to dump him . 
  completely agree . 
  i think daredevil having foggy 's humour made it more relatable . 
  i never really * liked * jessica that much , but i liked all of the avocado trio as people . 
  the scene where teenage jessica lifts the marble sink really grated for me . 
  you can so easily tell that it 's polystyrene and the actress has no trouble waving it around . 
  i 'm sure better blocking could have made that much more convincing . 
  you do know what to do . 
  you 've correctly identified everything that he 's doing - gaslighting , physical abuse and being domestically abusive . 
  saying he 's ` cool as shit when he 's nice ' does n't make up for any of that . 
  you need to pack a bag and leave . 
  do n't give him any more of your time or energy . 
  he 's not worth it . 
  well , no one said it was a * nice * song . 
  it was really easy to use , i could get a fair bit of detail and do big printouts of the tree afterwards . 
  for what it 's worth , i did mine and found out that my mum 's paternal side were farmers and labourers in the same two essex villages for about five hundred years . 
  dullest family tree ever . 
  that steve/bucky punchdown on tony looks * amazing * . 
  omggg russos you are the fucking best . 
  right now i 'm doing teacher training , so my day is pretty much fully work . 
  wake up 6:15 , at school by 8:20 , leave school 4pm , an hours dinner with housemates , maybe an hour more personal time to chill , and then more work until 10:30 pm . 
  that works out something like 10/11 hours work , 4 hours personal time , 2-ish hour life stuff and 7/8 hours sleep . 
  i honestly keep forgetting . 
  i know i 'm an e something , and i think there 's a j in there , but otherwise i 've done the test like four times now and forgotten what i am within five minutes of closing the browser . 
  is there a forgetful type ? 
  i 'm probably that one . 
  i honestly ca n't believe you 're that delicate and insecure that you think other men will judge you for listening to female singers . 
  what about shirley bassey ? 
  tina turner ? 
  why are you insulting everyone who disagrees with you ? 
  surely you want to win people over to your argument , not put them off it ? 
  cap , winter soldier and black widow for sure . 
  we know bucky can fully match steve in a close quarters fight , and natasha is infamously lethal . 
  only one way to find out . 
  ask her out !, 
  do n't ask , do n't get . 
  i went to a ` posh ' school in my area and got ( and still get ) a mild amount of teasing for it - silly posh voices and whatnot . 
  i just shrug , smile and say `` well , i liked it '' and then change the subject . 
  do n't make this a bigger deal than you have to . 
  your parents made the best choice for you that they could , and like you said , you 'll see it pay off later on with employers and networking . 
  cuddling my parents on the sofa when i 'm not home to join them .
