  zemo gave himself away in the siberian bunker when t'challa was listening so t'challa now knows that he can trust bucky . 
  i actually think it 's more powerful for tony 's motivations that she 's not there . 
  everything in civil war is about tony 's sense of loss , and a split with pepper just adds to that . 
  zemo had a bucky mask that he was wearing under a balaclava . 
  it gets found in his hotel room . 
  bucky was in budapest the whole time . 
  zolas footage in tws hinted at it with the shot of a newspaper cover about the starks death just after a shot of the winter soldier . 
  light on story ? 
  really ? 
  i thought the cap/tony/bucky / t'challa arc was pretty story dense !, 
  i 've got the cw bucky promotional poster for my android phone . 
  he 's a nice moody option for staring through my apps . 
  the first iron man was just * iron man * - makes sense not to number it as they had no idea they 'd even get a sequel , after all !, 
  sebastian wanted to win so badly !, 
  yeah , i was !, 
  just one more short scene with cap and bucky at least having a hug or something would have ticked all the boxes for me . 
  fingers crossed for a couple of good deleted scenes . 
  american ones are , but not generally us europeans or the aussies or kiwis . 
  i 'm quite middle of the road for a brit , i think . 
  i support grammar schools and academic streaming , and i agree with limiting welfare to a point ( of which our current tory government has overstepped ) . 
  i 'm pro europe , but that straddles all of the party lines . 
  ehhhh , when we say ` class ' , it 's kind of hard to explain . 
  it 's got nothing to do with wealth - you can be blindingly rich , but as working class as fuck . 
  it 's about how you speak , the type of school you went to , which supermarkets you shop at , the newspaper you read , the clothes you wear , what you drive , even how clean you keep your car ( middle class is all about washing and polishing the shiny new car on weekends , upper class people would probably have a beat up land rover full of junk and dog hair ) . 
  we are a very , * very * judgemental nation when it comes to class , and most brits will have each others class pinned down within five seconds of meeting each other . 
  you ca n't really ` move ' class either . 
  i 've seen threads on other subreddits where americans say ` oh , i was born working class but now i 'm upper middle ' , and that 's totally foreign to me . 
  we just do n't do ( or let each other do ) those kind of jumps . 
  there are plenty of women who love cars . 
  for the rest of us , we 're not saying we do n't like cars as a personal slight against * you * . 
  they 're just not that interesting . 
  on a personal level : i want a job !, 
  i 'm a trainee teacher so i 'm in the middle of the hiring season right now , and applications * suck * . 
  i 'm also happy to be anywhere in the east of england , but that means i have no idea where i 'll be living in september and i ca n't start looking at houses or anything like that yet . 
  on a society level : the way the tories are dismantling the nhs and not listening to anybody who actually works in the system . 
  your poor sister !, 
  are all of them okay ? 
  that 's so heartbreaking . 
  that makes no sense !, 
  the first thing i think of when i think australia is how sports mad you lot are . 
  i would have assumed that funding sport for everyone was a big deal for your government . 
  according to * one biased source * . 
  you can hardly take that at face value . 
  ` revolutionary russia : 1891 to 1991 ' by orlando figes . 
  i 'm just really into russian history at the moment , and this is a pretty easy read for a history book . 
  unfortunately i have no time for fiction right now !, 
  i 'm saving them all up for the summer holidays . 
  we 're human beings , not fictional wolves . 
  and i have great bonds with my family and friends . 
  being single is only as scary as you make it . 
  i find it very fulfilling , and i have a very busy life without an so . 
  if you 're thinking of leaving an unfulfilling relationship , but you 're nervous because it 's all you 've ever known , go for it !, 
  you still have friends , right ? 
  you still have family ? 
  those are the people who will love you through thick and thin , whether you 're single or not . 
  lean on them to get you through . 
  the martian is such a great book . 
  i devoured it in about 24 hours without stopping . 
  you must read it !, 
  i only have two folders for my bookmarks , one called ` interesting history links ' that i can rummage through for lesson planning , and one for fanfic/stuff i 've written . 
  everything else just goes in the list . 
  organising it all would take way too much time !, 
  some of the science terminology he uses is pretty dense , but i 'm not a scientist at all and i got completely carried away by everything that was happening . 
  mark watney is a really great , enjoyable protagonist and you enjoy the ride with him more than anything else . 
  bypass your parents and brother completely . 
  go to his school and * tell * them that it is your work . 
  if the school are any good , they should put structures in place to ensure that your brother is made to do the work under his own steam . 
  it is * not * your responsibility to make sure your brother passes . 
  it is his responsibility and nobody elses . 
  he got huge for cw . 
  it 's quite funny seeing how much he 's dropped down again now during the press tour . 
  so she 's not talking to you at all ? 
  no calls or texts , or is it just social media ? 
  because to be honest op , it really kind of sounds like * she 's * broken up with * you * . 
  you do n't intentionally distance yourself from someone that you 're apparently in love with , unless something has gone very wrong indeed . 
  i do n't believe in it at all , but i still enjoy reading astrology personality profiles and being like ` oh , that 's the aries in me ! ', 
  it 's kind of a weird i 'm - reading-this-only-semi-seriously kind of thing . 
  the open university is your best bet . 
  it has an excellent reputation , you can either do it full time in three years or part time in six years and get a ba ( hons ) at the end so you can go on to do your pgce . 
  you also qualify for student loans for your module , or pay module costs as you go . 
  i 've done an ou degree , and it was very hard , but very worth it . 
  it 's set me up extremely well for my teacher training . 
  the ou is also aware that most of its learners are adults who have n't done formal education in a long time , so first year gets you up to speed and teaches you all of the academic basics you need before ramping it up in second and third year modules . 
  as another ( ex ) theatre person , i would massively recommend that you look into working at the edinburgh fringe this year . 
  you can do press , front of house , bar work , backstage , whatever , it 's the most amazing time to network , and you 'll be surrounded by all the theatre you could ever dream of . 
  most of london theatre people decamp to edinburgh for the summer , so you 'll have all of your contacts in one handy place . 
  plus , it 'll get you out of your post - uni funk . 
  aw , rubbish . 
  :( that 's okay , there 'll be loads more opportunities to do an edinburgh run . 
  in that case , have you got a copy of [ spotlight ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/contacts-2016-stage-television-radio/dp/1907915087/ref=sr_1_2?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1462983999&amp;sr=1-2&amp;keywords=spotlight ) ? 
  it should be your networking bible . 
  just keep writing to people and asking for free work . 
  and when you get free work , pitch in as much as you can , go to the pub with them and network network network . 
  this industry is all about who you know and not what you know . 
  unfortunately , that also means that it takes a lot of effort and a lot of volunteer work on your part to get in . 
  but if you keep trying , you 'll get there . 
  i 'm 31 and have n't really had a boyfriend since i was 16 . 
  i 'm the same as your girlfriend , i 've just been really busy with work and never found someone i really click with . 
  i 'm also perfectly well adjusted , an independent adult and have lots of social life with my friends . 
  i think i 'm perfectly date able .
