  ** i 'm in the uk , so i got gcses and a-levels in mostly art related subjects , then went to a conservatoire drama school to train for three years in theatre production . 
  it was an entirely vocational degree designed to help you get theatre experience under your belt , network in the industry and get a job once your training was done . 
  i picked it for precisely those reasons and i had a job offer before i 'd finished my degree . 
  3 ) ** what is your favorite part of your job ? 
  ** the people . 
  the comraderie in theatres is so much fun , and i loved working with actors and other technicians . 
  i loved being a part of gorgeous productions too , and i always get a buzz out of those last few minutes when the theatre is full and the curtain is about to go up on a really good show . 
  4 ) ** what is your least favorite part of your job ? 
  ** terribly unsociable hours - i would frequently start at 10:30 pm after the show came down and finish at 3am . 
  i worked most weekends , and the work is unpredicatable . 
  there was never any stability - i was constantly applying for the next job in three or six months time and generally the money sucked unless i got an equity ( actors union ) contract . 
  i did a hell of a lot of manual labour too . 
  5 ) ** why do you do the job you do ? 
  ** the people . 
  the travel . 
  because i loved theatre . 
  because it 's fun !, 
  6 ) ** what career path have you taken so far ? 
  previous jobs ? 
  what go you to where you are now ? 
  ** let 's see . 
  i worked on in the entertainment department of a cruise ship for six months doing stage management . 
  got to work backstage on war horse for a couple of days as a return favour for doing a small private concert in london . 
  worked six years on the edinburgh fringe for one venue and three years doing pantomime for a great regional theatre . 
  worked with london primary schools to put on a professional opera , did shitloads of get ins and get outs on various incoming and outgoing shows to pay the bread and butter . 
  did loads of professional events , especially business conferences . 
  all sorts of things . 
  mostly i got there by networking , always making an effort with people i worked with and by saying yes to every job i was offered . 
  other people i trained at drama school with are now working in the technical departments of the royal shakespeare company , royal opera house , disney cruises , events companies and regional theatres . 
  one girl does costumes on coronation street and skins . 
  everyone i know who is either a techie or a costume assistant/designer has done really well for work . 
  7 ) ** what is a regular day like for you ? 
  ** ummmm it varied . 
  if i was doing a full day get in , i 'd get to the venue for about 9:30 am , have tea with the other techs and start rigging up the lights onstage about 10am . 
  we 'd work until 12/1 with occasional tea breaks , have lunch for an hour , work until 6 or 7 , have dinner , then work until 10pm ish doing focusing of the lights or programming . 
  if it was a get out i 'd get to the theatre for 10:30 pm ish , wait for the show to come down and the audience to clear out , then go straight onstage . 
  we 'd dismantle all of the lights , set and sound equipment , put it in the right flight cases or back with the house theatre equipment and load company stuff into the company trucks as quickly as possible . 
  probably be done about 2am , then we 'd sweep and mop or repaint the stage . 
  go home about 3am . 
  days were different again if i was working at the fringe , on a show or on the ship . 
  it was all very , very varied . 
  8 ) ** if you could redo your life , would you have taken a different path ? 
  what would you have done differently , if so ? 
  ** nope !, 
  it was hard work , but you know what ? 
  i did * exactly * what i wanted to do when i wanted to do it and i do n't ever wish i 'd tried to do a ` proper job ' instead . 
  the only thing i 'd change was trying to get more stage management work as i liked it better than lighting . 
  9 ) ** if i were follow in your footsteps , what could i do now to prepare for the career/schooling ? 
  any volunteer work or anything that would benefit me in preparing for this job ? 
  ** help out with as many school productions , amateur productions and even professional productions as you can . 
  network . 
  be proactive . 
  network !, 
  10 ) ** are there any questions i have n't asked , that i should ask ? 
  11 ) ** do you have any advise for me and my future ? 
  ** do what * you * want . 
  everyone at my secondary school was looking for real universities like oxbridge to do real degrees , and there was me in the corner going for drama schools no one has ever heard of to do a degree no one ever really did to go and do work no one ever really thinks about doing , but i ** loved ** it . 
  i had so much fun for seven years , met some of the most amazing people all over the world and racked up some brilliant , brilliant stories out of it . 
  you 're young . 
  do what you want and you like , and do n't worry so much about being responsible and carving out a career or whatever . 
  you can always change it later after all !, 
  same here !, 
  almost 29 , halfway through a second degree to retrain in a totally different field from the one i did at uni . 
  a friend of mine just quit her phd and is looking for a brand new job . 
  it 's okay to change . 
  you have to be the one to give abbie exercise . 
  stop waiting for other people to do something about it . 
  start playing with her in your garden , or taking her for short walks up and down your street twice a day . 
  do n't skimp on it . 
  the dog probably ignores you because , by the sound of it , you do n't actually * do * anything with her . 
  she 's not going to appreciate you just because you 're there . 
  dogs bond with the people who actually take care of them , not the ones who stand around on the sidelines all the time . 
  if you want to jump start your parents into looking after an actual dog , then phone up your vets , book a checkup appointment and get your mum to take you both . 
  the vet should talk sense into her from a professional point of view . 
  it sounds like your mum is smothering her through love and guilt that she went through so much when she was younger , but she 's also going to send abbie to a very early grave . 
  dogs can lose weight , just look at [ obie the obese dachsund ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/10/obie-obese-dachshund-loses-50-pounds_n_4069660.html ) . 
  it just takes a lot of hard work to do it . 
  to be honest , the industry is about who you know , not what you know every time . 
  i only did the degree to get the contacts and it worked like a charm . 
  network , network , network . 
  if you 've got hands on experience , use it . 
  ask the people who you 're working with on sets if they 've got shows coming up and if you can help out with them . 
  talk to every incoming company you work with , talk to anyone who manages the workshop if they 've heard of shows coming up where they need a spare hand . 
  write to local theatres and offer your details as a spare tech when they need an extra hand . 
  doing that got me three years work with a very cool company , and when their asm quit at the last minute i volunteered to fill their spot even though i 'd never done it before . 
  that got me two years work and loads of other opportunities to boot . 
  remember that you could be working * for * every person you work * with * in the future , and that theatre is a very small world . 
  it does n't take much to get a nod for a job and it does n't take much for word to get about if you 're a bad ` un either . 
  pitch in with * everything * . 
  do n't be lazy . 
  i 've worked with lazy techs before and they do n't get offered new stuff . 
  proactive ones do . 
  the best job i ever got was while working on a university show , actually . 
  my lecturer asked if anyone was willing to help out operating the lighting cues at another local uni on their annual musical and i said yes . 
  the head sound guy , dave , was a great guy and after the show we would all go to the pub to chat and whatnot . 
  one night he was looking over plans for this * amazing * new venue for the edinburgh fringe . 
  i said `` wow , who do i talk to to ask for a job working in that ? '', 
  dave said `` me . '', 
  i said `` can i have a job ? '', 
  dave said `` sure .
