  i 'm sorry op , i 'm just so cross for you !, 
  you clearly poured so much love and thought into that gift , and he craps all over it for the sake of an iphone ?? 
  you deserve so much better than this , op , and he deserves his crummy red velvet cake . 
  i know you say you have commitment together , but you also need to be with someone who values what you offer them , whether it has money signs attached or not . 
  edit : the fact that you know your ( limited ) budget and chose a gift that would n't break the bank , even though he clearly wanted you to , also says lots about both him and you . 
  oh my god . 
  do n't give this waste of space another minute of your time !, 
  do you have any friends you can stay with for a few days ? 
   the problem is that i do not want to hurt her . 
  she 's very antisocial and i 'm one of the very few people she actually socializes with . 
  i 'm afraid that if i do leave , she will just end up alone . 
  i do still care for her and i do n't want to do that to her . 
  the thing is , with relationships and breakups you just ca n't justify staying in them with ` but if i leave , the other person will xyz ' . 
  you * ca n't * be their emotional crutch . 
  part of being an adult is about learning to cope with the difficult things in life , and when ( not if ) you go then she 's just going to have to get out there and make friends . 
  she 's a big girl now . 
  i 'm sure she will be okay . 
  you know what you have to do . 
  you just have to give yourself permission to go and do it . 
  is it going to hurt ? 
  yes , most definitely . 
  it 's going to hurt the both of you , no matter what . 
  will it be worth it ? 
  absolutely . 
  as a native of south east england where oysters get harvested and sold for ridiculous amounts to londoners : they used to be so common place that roman soldiers would eat them for lunch . 
  the roman temple foundations of colchester castle has oysters shells mixed into the foundations where the roman workmen would eat them and then chuck them into the mess heap as rubbish . 
  so forget your fancy la de da oysters ; builders would have them as their morning snack . 
  screw you , borough market . 
  if you really want to quit your job , then quit your job , but stop making silly excuses like ` this girl will distract me ' or ' i want to focus on the rigours of something i 'll start in more than a year ' . 
  having someone at work to flirt with is n't such a scary thing , and you 're going to be surrounded by people you fancy in your place of work no matter what you end up doing . 
  you need to be able to learn to focus despite any distractions , and it sounds like now is the perfect time to practice . 
  and in a work environment , `` that 's an interesting idea/i 'll consider it '' = never in a million years * or * please scrap all of that and start again . 
   whenever she does n't feel like having sex , i 'd recall her ex thinking `` that motherfucker treats her like shit and for him she would have sex everyday , but im the nicest guy on the planet and she wo n't ever give up anything for me '' . 
  so your girlfriend being guilt tripped and emotionally manipulated into sex was somehow * better * , and you 're feeling sorry for yourself because you do n't get sex on tap ? 
  seriously op , i would like to feel sorry for you , but all i can think is that you 're an enormous jerk and you need to grow up . 
  she had an emotionally abusive relationship , which she then pretty much continued in with your best friend , and * now * you 're considering guilt tripping her too because she had regular sex with them and not with you ? 
  honestly , never mind your problems , your girlfriend needs to get some space from * all * of you . 
  oh * please * op . 
  so she got an ice cream with someone else . 
  do you want to pretend that she 's stayed in a little locked box with a key and a picture of you for the last twenty one years or something ? 
  samsung galaxy s5 . 
  i love it because it does everything i want it to and it 's easy to use , pretty and has great video quality . 
  i hate it because samsung insist on filling their galaxys up with their own apps that i do n't need , want , or can figure out how to permanently get rid of . 
  of course !, 
  i love the more artistic sports best ; gymnastics , ice skating , diving , and i really like days out to watch equestrian sports too . 
  i 'm not a big fan of footie or rugby , but watching the international games are usually fun . 
  same !, 
  oh i 'm glad someone else got that after lollipop , i could n't figure out what was causing it . 
  yeah lollipop looks lovely but did all kinds of weird things . 
  my battery got * so * much worse for a week or two before they did another update . 
  it was driving me nuts . 
  you should be able to do the install cheaper than that . 
  i work for a telecoms company and our single line install rate is # 99 . 
  zen should normally quote for a line along with their broadband so you should n't need to go anywhere else . 
  i grew up with english setters , so i 'll always always recommend them . 
  they 're loving , caring , affectionate and gentle dogs , but they 're not the best dogs for lots of people either . 
  they need space , attention , a * lot * of patience and owners with a * really * good sense of humour to put up with all of the shit they pull on a regular basis . 
  oh , and people who do n't mind lots of hair either !, 
  but in general , i think gundogs are the best group - labradors , retrievers , setters , pointers , spaniels . 
  there 's something for everyone in there !, 
  ah , yes . 
  that sounds about right . 
  i do sales , so it 's accounts that worries about vat , not me !, 
  she pops up on tv doing bits and pieces for the royal variety show or light entertainment , and she 'll often go and do a run at the edinburgh fringe during august . 
  i 've wanted to see her for ages , but her fringe shows sell out like hot cakes !, 
  you 'd be better off going to / r/iwantout as they 're the visa gurus . 
  a/b/o fics are just * weird * . 
  i stay well , well , well away from that box of landmines . 
  op , do n't show yourself out . 
  stay and learn why we all think alpha/beta stuff is ridiculous and why it 's more harmful than helpful for men . 
  it 's better to have an open mind about this sort of stuff , do n't you think ? 
  i would n't be grossed out at all . 
  either one is cool with me !, 
  if you wore your prosthesis when you met me i 'd probably make lots of bucky barnes/winter soldier jokes , though . 
  they do n't put any pressure on your legs , if that 's what you mean . 
  they 're just like really really thin , tight trousers . 
  sort of . 
  i 've got tights on today and the only time i notice them is when i 've had a big lunch and the waistband gets a bit tight . 
  oh i was all about the ` mysterious bad boys ' hahaha . 
  ones who styled their hair , wore eyeliner and were just too cool to care . 
  teenage me was so dippy . 
  any ready meals from marks and spencers . 
  it 's not just instant food , it 's * m&s * instant food . 
  i also always have a soft spot for ready macaroni cheese . 
  yummmm cheeeeeeese . 
  i * can * skip if i want ( i am right now because i went back on the pill to sort out my adult acne and i want those hormones jimmied right up until the spots go fuckabye ) , but i tend not to because i always find i 'm grumpier and more prone to depressive mood swings towards the tail end of my second pack . 
  i 'd rather deal with a short and light bleed for a few days and keep my moods on an even keel than know i 'm going to be doing some unhappy introspective navel-gazing that i can easily avoid . 
  i 'm on dianette , and i really only get excessively moody when i stack the packs , so just taking them normally does n't seem to make any difference . 
  i 'm normally a very optimistic , positive person , so i know that when i 'm feeling down and out about life for more than a day that something else is affecting me . 
  edit : my periods have also got lighter and my cramping has vanished since i started the pill , plus i use a cup so they really do n't bother me at all . 
  it 's a few days of faffing around with my fanny and that 's it . 
  no big deal . 
  owwww , your poor hands !, 
  that sounds so painful !, 
  my first one was in theatre production . 
  my second one will be in history with a couple of modules in classical civilisations ( only a couple of months to go ! ) . 
  i 'll be going on to do a pgce ( postgraduate certificate of education i.e. 
  teacher training ) this september . 
  mayyyybe once or twice a year , but it 's only about once a year that i truly get knocked out for a couple of days . 
  other times it 's just a bad cold that i can stave off with lemsip and some early nights in bed .
