  now she has her own life and own house , and loves her parents , but * also * loves having her own identity . 
  everyone in first year is homesick . 
  the best part about uni is getting through it together . 
  4 ) whatever you do , do not go to uni and just live with your boyfriend . 
  you 'll miss out on all of the social bonding that makes uni such an amazing place to be . 
  5 ) 1000 % do not make life choices based on your current relationship . 
  choose what 's best for * you * . 
  you can also work during your degree , or alternatively look for an apprenticeship in your field instead of uni . 
  i get your reasoning , i do , but i think you 're looking at this the wrong way . 
  uni is n't just about getting a piece of paper . 
  the area i wanted to go into after my first degree was also very niche . 
  so i chose my university specifically based on how many industry connections it had , how vocational it was and what the graduate employment rate was like . 
  i worked in the industry during my degree and took up as many volunteer opportunities as i could . 
  after my training i ended up with a job in my field before my degree was even finished . 
  if belfast really is as good for this field as you say it is , they will have the networking and industry connections in place that will get you this job . 
  i do n't think you are doing yourself as many favours as you think by postponing your training in favour of his separation anxiety . 
  i also think that you will see your other friends going off to uni , or progressing in their field through apprenticeships , and resent waiting for him . 
  finally , what happens when he finishes at exeter ? 
  what if he decides he now really likes it there and does n't want to go to belfast with you ? 
  or he gets a great job in the exeter area that he understandably does n't want to give up and move away from . 
  you have no idea how much you or he may change in that time - and believe me , you * will * change . 
  that 's three years of you putting off your chosen field for nothing . 
  these are all things to think about really , really carefully . 
  my advice would be this : he needs to handle his separation anxiety himself without you putting your life on hold . 
  you both have to find your own independence . 
  go to uni . 
  do long distance and get cheap ryanair flights to visit . 
  do skype . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i love my ariat boots . 
  warm , comfortable , waterproof and durable . 
  i live in england though , so ` winter ' may well vary . 
  this community is the best !, 
  i love our mod team too - you lot help keep everything here amazing and running smoothly . 
  well honestly , what sort of answers were you expecting from us ? 
  `` green eyed people can bog off , i 'll stick with the blueys ? '', 
  it did come back again in civil war , particularly during the prologue and ( i think ) the final siberia scene . 
   but i did say that if he pulled this spying shit again , i 'd be done . 
  and now you get to follow through on your word . 
  this spying shit * clearly * is n't going away , and is actually now escalating . 
  if you 've made more than one post on the topic , then you 're obviously not very happy in this relationship , and you 're facing a problem that is n't even yours to handle - it 's your boyfriend 's issue !, 
  you told him that if he pulled it again , you were done . 
  he 's done it again and is n't sorry about it . 
  in fact , he 's blaming you !, 
  super charming , right ? 
  now you get to walk away and finish dealing with his childish paranoid shit . 
  make sure you 've done some volunteering in classrooms so you know what the job and environment is actually like . 
  do work experience in both the secondary and primary aspect too - you never know whether you prefer working with older or younger kids until you give it a go !, 
  be prepared to sacrifice a * lot * of evening and weekends for this career , especially when you 're training . 
  it really is exhausting , and everyone hits a point ( or several points ) where you 're like ` wft am i doing here , i 'm a terrible teacher ! ', 
  so just make sure you have a really good support system around you and that you can handle a bit of resilience . 
  also , put thought into * what * training route you 're going to go down - through uni , or purely vocational ? 
  from a uk pov i did a pgce and it was a * vastly * better choice for me than schools direct or teach first . 
  i really liked having that guided support and structure rather than being thrown in head first . 
  it also meant that i got development as a history teacher , and not just as a behaviour manager , which was really crucial . 
  it does bother me , truthfully . 
  i know my parents ( especially my dad ! ), 
  are very broody , and i 'm already in my thirties without a partner . 
  i 'm sure it worries them , and although it does n't exactly * worry * me , it does weight on my mind . 
  i 'm constantly thinking about whether i really want a family ( i do ) , and what it would be like if i did n't have one , against the fact that i 've * just * started in a new career that i 've trained for and i 'm excited about ( teaching ) , and i do n't want to take months out of that for maternity leave . 
  i want kids , but i also want to progress up the ladder , and i do n't know how people balance all of that without either sacrificing time with your family , or more responsibility ( and more money ) in the workplace . 
  i 'll admit that i 'm jealous of men , because they just do n't have to think about these things . 
  they do n't have to worry about having a time limit on fertility and family and how it can impact a career . 
  it frustrates me that we 're expected to get a degree , a good job , a house , a marriage and a family all between the ages of 18-30 . 
  twelve years is really not a very long time to fit all of that in !, 
  i 've got three degrees to my name now , and i loved my twenties , but because i have n't got a mortgage , a career or a family i sometimes feel like i 'm a step behind everyone else . 
  a garmin activefit or a fitbit . 
  i 'm making an effort to put more activity into my life , and i 'd really like a consistent way to measure it !, 
  also , robin hobb 's * fool 's fate * book . 
  give it to meeeeee . 
  there 's no absolute rule when it comes to marriage and dating . 
  plenty of people marry their first love and are very happy together . 
  others prefer to wait and date others before they find their match . 
  what works for your friend may not work for you . 
  what i would say is to stay where you are in the ` thinking about marriage ' stage before rushing out to buy a ring . 
  you will both change a * lot * in your twenties , and you may grow closer or you may grow apart . 
  there 's no rush to get married , after all . 
  i do n't drink anywhere near as much as i used to now , so i think usually five cocktails is my limit , or two glasses of wine before i 'm feeling tipsy . 
  alternate your alcoholic drinks with water to keep yourself alert , and keep in contact with a friend or two to keep an eye on each other . 
  on the way home , make sure you call and book a taxi or go to an actual taxi rank with registered cabs rather than just flagging one down . 
  beer before wine , you 're feeling fine , wine before beer and you 're feeling queer ( i think ! ), 
  edit : uh , thanks for the downvotes . 
  it does mean ` queer ' as in ` unwell ' , not ` queer ' as in ` drunk makes you more likely to go get off with another girl ' . 
  can we not use queer like that anymore ? 
  oh my god , the duckling scene in lilo and stitch has me bawling every single time . 
  it 's so sad !, 
  they 're both wrong , and i would be furious at both of them . 
  your boyfriend deliberately made inflammatory homophobic comments - i mean , seriously . 
  telling your brother he should get a wife , and if he was in syria he would be murdered ? 
  what was he * thinking * ? 
  on the other side , your brother clearly has his own very xenophobic , conservative daily mail mindset . 
  he deliberately used excessive violence , and clearly is n't sorry about it . 
  he should have just walked away when your boyfriend said those things instead of resorting to using his fists on a weaker opponent . 
  in the end , i feel like you 're going to have to choose between them , because these two people are never going to get along . 
  i think the only way you 're going to get this sorted is by at least getting them in a room to apologise to each other for what they said and did - but going forward , i ca n't honestly see how you 're going to peacefully resolve it . 
  that 's it !, 
  i was trying to remember what rhymed with ` sicker ' !, 
  this is really incredibly inappropriate , even if you 're no longer his students . 
  he 's still occupying a position of authority over you as a formal teacher . 
  it 's also drilled into us as teachers * never * to add students on facebook , and messaging you on a private system to talk about his marriage is * wildly * beyond his place as teaching staff .
