  you are going to tourist areas . 
  they are all tourist cities full of ( gasp ! ), 
  tourists who come from ( gasp ! ), 
  other countries !, 
  your itinerary is jam packed and exhausting and impossible , by the way - especially in five days !, 
  i would pick two of those places , with a day for travelling inbetween and actually enjoy a bit of the place you 're visiting rather than looking at a lot of train stations for five days . 
  out of those i would choose bath , york and edinburgh as the best ` essential ' three cities to see . 
  the east coast main line train also goes from london to edinburgh and stops at york and durham on the way , so you could also feasibly do it that way . 
  you would then get rid of bath and the lake district , but you would see some amazing scenery from the train instead . 
  agreed !, 
  i think you 'd have to do the train travelling like london -  cambridge -  london -  york -  durham -  edinburgh though , right ? 
  films and books are * fiction * . 
  you 're coming to see real britain and real brits . 
  i 'd start thinking a little more realistically about the countries you 're going to be travelling to , if i were you . 
  have you never * heard * of the british empire , by any chance ? 
  because taking control of india and moving there is exactly what we * did * . 
  it did n't end very well . 
  once a month ? 
  i 'd like to try and fix up more , but online dating can often be a bit overwhelming . 
  i bounce between okcupid and tinder most often , and arrange 80 % of my dates from okc . 
  match just never seemed to work for me , and i hated eharmonys layout . 
  31 and i 'm in the uk . 
  for [ this gif alone ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-eo60iaaqd5q/v1nvjuhdmei/aaaaaaaablu/zfmcpexyoku1wtuvzn2os5fthpcnvufdg/w426-h237/2016%2b-%2b1 ) it * has * to be aragorn . 
  oooh [ and this one ] ( http://www.animateit.net/data/media/july2012/aragorn-lord-of-the-rings-favim.com-375537.gif ) , of course . 
  went to a grammar school and learned latin for three years from years 7-9 , though you could do it up to at least gcse . 
  i 'd actually like to take a latin course again and then do a masters in classics at some point . 
  i remember being quite good at it way back when . 
  ` mostly straight ' is the answer i tend to give , though it 's not like that 's a regular topic of conversation at all . 
  oh definitely , and in a good way !, 
  i had no idea how to dress when i was 20 . 
  i favoured big hoodies and tops that i thought looked cool , but probably actually were n't . 
  i was also generally super skinny , so i could have dressed so much better than just comfy gear . 
  i 've put on weight , but a lot of that is down to leaving my really physical job for a more sedate one and not keeping up with the gym or fitness programmes in the meantime . 
  i 'm becoming more disciplined about that now , though . 
  now i dress to flatter my figure , and i like much clingier and more officey clothes . 
  i like pencil skirts or fitted dresses for work , and skinny jeans with floaty v-neck tops and heels for casual wear , or english country chic . 
  my hair has changed the most . 
  in my 20s i changed it all the time . 
  i had loads of different colours , asymmetric cuts , lots of blocks of bleach , very typical myspace emo stuff . 
  now it 's longer in a mid-length style and one dark colour . 
  i 'll even curl it occasionally !, 
  31 year old me and 20 year old me are very different looking people . 
  i like current me much more . 
  i bought myself a skagen watch with some birthday money this year and i love it . 
  it 's classy , light to wear and looks very minimalist , which is all my style . 
  mechanical issues . 
  he was shouting ` bike change ' just as the breakaway went for it . 
  i taught year 7 ( age 11 ) about henry viii about a month ago . 
  i had a couple of them ask what adultery was , and the beheadings bit was n't even an issue . 
  kids love gruesome stuff like that . 
  it 's definitely more of a topic focus now but most schools tend to do it in chronological order . 
  year 7 is generally normans then medieval and tudors , year 8 is usually cromwell , industrial revolution and slavery , and year 9 is more 20th century focused . 
  i * love * horrible histories . 
  it 's the best thing ever for filling a 5 minute lesson gap and getting them interested . 
  anything medical , financial and legal . 
  [ and he 's the soppiest baby in the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z5mfcif.jpg ), 
  [ i mean , just look at those puppy dog eyes !, 
  he 's also the cheekiest dog we 've ever owned !, 
  he 's always claiming a place on the sofa , even when he knows full well he 's not supposed to be up there , and he 'll climb up and sit onto a kitchen chair sometimes if he wants attention . 
  i also love that when he gets too excited he 'll hump his blanket for a moment , then collapse in a heap with it in his mouth and paw at it like a puppy . 
  it 's * adorable * . 
  out of the middle ?? 
  who * does * that ? 
  * why * would you do that ?? 
  your coworker was a monster . 
  you know that , right ? 
  * love * gamora 's new costume !, 
  i like that there are more girls in the team , so zoe 's got less pressure to be ` the sexy one ' and they can make her costume more adventurey . 
  star-lord also looks super retro now with his chest plate . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  trousers for casual wear , dresses/skirts for work and formal wear . 
  i really dislike smart trousers for some reason , they do n't feel comfortable at all . 
  they really did n't . 
  i was encouraged to pursue whatever i wanted to be . 
  at one point i know my mum hoped i 'd carry on with music and go professional , but i never had the dedication for it . 
  they 've always just been happy for me when i 've been employed in something i enjoy . 
  31 and only when i 'm exercising . 
  i tend to wear ballet flats or ankle boots more often than trainers . 
  why do you sometimes see riders with their hands up ? 
  are they signalling for water bottles from the team car ? 
  can you do an evening or two out at a dog training class ? 
  maybe even if your words wo n't get through your husbands head , talking to an experienced dog trainer and getting their feedback will . 
  i 'd also stress to your husband that this is practice for baby arriving . 
  if you two ca n't be on the same page for how to play with a small dog , how are you going to work together and collaborate to bring up a child ? 
  well , you ca n't expect to be taking care of baby * and * dog all by yourself , right ? 
  he 's going to have to step up and take on care of one or the other so you 're not in a heap on the carpet . 
  put training to him that way . 
  either way , he needs to learn more and step up . 
  he 's an adult now , and life is n't all fun times unicycle . 
  there 's going to be some real graft coming up in your life pretty damn quickly . 
  i compete in dog shows around the uk . 
  i have an english setter and do open ( local ) and championship ( national ) shows . 
  he 's not quite good enough to win the high placings , but we both love going ( he gets super excited when the show bag comes out ) and i love getting to spend a day around beautiful dogs . 
  it 's a family hobby really ; i have quite clear memories of going to dog shows and watching my dad compete when i was little , or running around crufts with my brother and looking for freebies . 
  my nanna and great aunt used to show too , and my great aunt was a very famous judge and breeder . 
  i do n't own any suits , but i do have a few smart dresses or pencil skirts that i can pair with a nice blazer and heels . 
  it works just as well . 
  if you 're in the uk , pizza express gives you a free bottle of prosecco with your dinner . 
  oh sure !, 
  i 'll just copy over a comment from last week with some photos in .
