  my hair is lovely soft and shiny today !, 
  it 's actually grown out to a nice balanced bob from my asymmetric crop , which i 'm really pleased about too . 
  hobb is one of my favourite ever authors , but i 've tried to read soldier son about three times now and never got very far . 
  switch to assassins apprentice instead and go from there through the farseer , liveship and tawny man trilogies . 
  hopefully you 'll be much more impressed with the worlds she 's created there . 
  the fool in particular is just the most wonderful character . 
  it is hard , but to be honest there are three things i think about . 
  one is that i have n't really put a huge amount of effort into finding a boyfriend this year ( too much work and study going on right now ) , so it 's more my fault than anyone elses that i 'm single . 
  as much as `` love happens when you 're not looking ! '', 
  sounds nice , prince charming still is n't going to turn up on my doorstep tomorrow morning . 
  there 's not much point me grumbling about being single when i 'm not putting in the concerted effort to change it . 
  second is that i still have a large amount of single friends . 
  i 'm jealous of a coupled up friend ? 
  i make myself count two or three other single friends instead of either gender and any age , and then i automatically feel better because i know i 'm not really that alone . 
  third , as mean as it sounds , is that quiet little voice of pleasure that a couple of my married friends are already seperated and/or divorced . 
  the ( year-long ) wife of one of my exes seems to have untagged herself from their wedding photos on fb , has apparently changed her name back again , and his latest photos look like they have a new girlfriend in . 
  ring on the finger does n't mean eternal bliss . 
  petty , but it helps . 
  finally , i make myself close that facebook tab and go do something else for a while . 
  it really * really * does not help in times like this , and to be honest most of the time it just makes me feel worse . 
  log off and go pick up another hobby for an hour . 
  it 's amazing what gets left off of fb is n't it ? 
  i did a brief browse of one of my exes profiles the other week to see how married life was treating him - and it turned out his wife ( of a year ? ), 
  had de-tagged herself from their gorgeous wedding photos , changed her name back , and he apparently had a new gf . 
  you 'd never guess unless you did more than a cursory browse . 
  smile !, 
  even faking a smile has actually been proven to help you feel happier , so if you 're having a bad day , just force a big grin for a second or two , and more of them will naturally follow . 
  it really does help !, 
  ** salmon steak . 
  ingredients ( per portion ) : 1 salmon steak , 1/2 white onion , 1 lemon , 1 lime , olive oil . 
  pre-heat oven to 160 degrees c. slice white onion into large rings and lay out onto an area of tinfoil that will be big enough to wrap your salmon in . 
  do the same with the lemon and layer over the onion . 
  drizzle olive oil across . 
  lay your salmon steak on top of the onion and lemon slices . 
  add a couple more lemon and lime slices on top of salmon . 
  season with salt and pepper . 
  wrap the tinfoil over and seal each end . 
  put your salmon parcel onto a baking tray and pop in the oven for 15 minutes . 
  in the meantime do a quick boil of some new potatoes and peas , or any other veg you prefer . 
  after 15 minutes the salmon will be cooked to a tender pink , and you can use the remaining oil/lemon sauce inside the foil as a sauce . 
  quick , easy , looks * amazing * and is totally delicious . 
   lived in harlow , essex for 3 months, 
  i 'm very sorry . 
  what did you do to deserve that ? 
  tea is wonderful . 
  i once did an unofficial poll on my fb and all of my friends drank at least three cups a day . 
  i 'll drink up to a dozen some days . 
  it 's just a massively comforting drink . 
  too true . 
  there was a post in / r/relationships not too long ago where a guy said that he was worried , since he 'd gone through his girlfriend 's purse and found a pack of her pills with ( gasp ! ), 
  five pills taken even though they used condoms . 
  everyone was like , you do realise some women need to take pills a ) not for contraception and b ) every day , do n't you ? 
  apparently not . 
  for sporting activities , a good idea might be to grab a couple of local newspapers every so often and have a look through their latest sporting roundup , then make a list of the clubs you like the sound of . 
  from there it 's just nipping on their websites to see if they have open or beginners nights at all to try out . 
  the sun is a daily national tabloid newspaper over here , with sensationalist headlines and plenty of emphasis on scandalous stories . 
  it 's not at all well researched , is very much aimed at the working class everyman , and is one of the top selling newspapers in the country . 
  page 3 also has a full single page spread of a topless girl on every day . 
  okay , so , first things first , did she refer to herself as your girlfriend ? 
  was she with you when you ` presented ' her at work ? 
  did you ever talk about being exclusive ? 
  did you both agree to be exclusive ? 
  i 'm getting mixed readings from your post . 
  you tell your work colleagues that she 's your girlfriend , but tell your family and friends that you 're just seeing her ? 
  also , did she just send people photos of her trip or something ? 
  because i 'm not sure how you jumped from photos to ` they are sleeping together ' through these chat logs , and it would be really weird if she was sending explicit photos over facebook . 
  did the chatlogs specifically * say * that she was sleeping with these guys ? 
  i 'm also not quite sure why you spent loads of money on taking her on holiday if you 're not officially in a relationship , either . 
  it 's a bit much . 
  take one of your friends if you really do n't want to go with her any more , or see if you can get it refunded . 
  either way , if you never both defined that you are exclusively seeing and sleeping with each other , then she 's not actually doing anything wrong . 
  if you want to be exclusive with her , then you need to have this conversation when she gets back . 
  it 's a bit strange that such explicit things were posted to her facebook wall - it 's a pretty public forum , after all . 
  definitely talk to her . 
  are you sure you ca n't transfer her named ticket to someone else instead of buying a whole new one ? 
  i 'd investigate that route first if the trip is quite pricey . 
  i like ones that are mineral based and switch between garnier and sure ultra dry at the moment . 
  the sure one is especially good even on my intense gymnastic workout days . 
  i 'm 28 and have had to move back home for various reasons since living away and working abroad , but i pay my own way , do my fair share of the household chores and i 'm very much treated as an adult by my parents . 
  if i met a guy in the same situation , i 'd have no problems with it . 
  after all , i 'd be a bit of a hypocrite if i did . 
  marriage is about you , not about them . 
  when the flowers and the dances and the cake is over , what 's left ? 
  you and him . 
  for the rest of your life . 
  please do n't ever , ever make important choices like this based on how other people feel about it . 
  it * has * to be something chosen by you , and no one else . 
  i loved it !, 
  i thought it was a really fun return , and i laughed out loud when derren brown showed up . 
  it 's a great show for not taking itself too seriously , and i love that it riffed off of all the fan theories floating about . 
  http://pezant.tumblr.com but i go through phases of posting loads and then dropping off for a few months , so it 's not exactly the most active blog . 
  i like tumblr well enough , but it makes me feel ollllddddddd . 
  oh , and i tend to reblog historical images and architecture , things to do with lotr and generally pretty images . 
  if you 've already read farseer , then add on the liveships and tawny man trilogies . 
  it makes a great nine book box set all within the same world , and roughly within the same timeline too . 
  it 's a hard one . 
  on one hand , i absolutely believe no one should be having sex that they dont really want to have . 
  on the other , sex has got so much intimacy and emotion tied up in it that just to stop having it during an established relationship without really explaining * why * would probably be quite hurtful for your partner . 
  i think a big problem here is just in the fact that you 're saying `` i want to stop until i want to start again . '', 
  if there 's no real defined limit on your break , i imagine your boyfriend probably ends up thinking about whether you 'll ever do anything again .
