  robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogy , starting with * assassins apprentice * . 
  if you want something that will hook all of your emotions and make you cry , this series is it . 
  i adore it . 
  earl grey is n't bitter at all for me , but i always put milk in mine . 
  have you ever tried lady grey ? 
  it 's got that lovely citrus note that makes it reeeallllly refreshing . 
  also british . 
  my bog standard daytime tea is yorkshire tea , and then i switch on to earl grey ( with milk ) in the evening . 
  twinings do a really nice cranberry and raspberry blend herbal tea that is really refreshing . 
  for something a little different i love the smoky notes of lapsang souchong , and i like it really strong with a dash of milk . 
  have you ever heard [ once upon a december in russian ] ( https://youtu.be/fxclv58mboy ) ? 
  it is * gorgeous * . 
  to add to question 3 , most brits will drink tea throughout the day , whether at home or at work . 
  there 's normally always a kettle and big boxes of teabags in the office/place of work that people gravitate to . 
  when i worked in an office i got up to about 10 cups a day . 
  now i 'm in a more active job so i drink less of it . 
  the fool in robin hobb 's * elderlings * series . 
  i 'm not sure if you can say that the fool is * sexy * as such , but i 'm really quite in love with him . 
  there 's a great part in the first trilogy ( and i do n't feel like it 's a spoiler , btw ) where someone tells fitz ( the main character ) `` the fool is a woman and she is in love with you , '' and he 's like `` do n't be a total idiot , the fool is a man and of course he 's not in love with me . '', 
  * and it 's never really resolved either way * . 
  i mean , it is for * fitz * , but the fool is whoever the fool wants to be and it just fits so naturally into that world , and it 's completely wonderful . 
  this is so bizarre . 
  does she follow through on other promises that she makes you ? 
  is she flaky in other ways or just on her citrus desserts ? 
  maybe the best thing might be to insist that you cook them * together * . 
  `` i love your lemon bars , show me your recipe so i can make them with/for you '' kind of thing ? 
  actually op , i 'm just wondering - are you absolutely positive she used to bake them ? 
  i 'm wondering if it was a sneaky little shop bought thing she did once or twice that she passed off on her own , and now ca n't get away from ? 
  there have been weirder family truths turned up on here !, 
  i think a refresher course might be a good way of digging a little deeper . 
  it 's all very puzzling !, 
  oh , the * tawny man * trilogy is even worse for heart shredding !, 
  it makes me cry every single time , but i love it to death . 
  i got the worst bedsheets stains with pads !, 
  it felt impossible to stay clean and tidy with them on . 
  i kind of find it more interesting than anything else , in a gory kind of way . 
  like , ooh , how much blood did my uterus spit out this time ? 
  you really have to be okay with briefly getting your fingers mucky when emptying out a cup though . 
  pretty much never now . 
  i 'm just not a casual sex person anymore . 
  it sounds very much like you 're doing what you want and not really thinking of anyone else . 
  i can see why she 's giving you the cold shoulder . 
  you 're not going over to have a cup of tea with your sister and find out how her life is going , you 're not going over to spend half an hour with your nephew so she can get some chores done . 
  you 're going over to spend 15 minutes winding up her new puppy ( at your convenience , not hers ) and then disappearing off again . 
  you 're not walking him , or grooming him or helping poop scoop their garden . 
  you 're getting a bit of fun playtime in and then vanishing off back home . 
  yeah , i 'd be annoyed too . 
  look , ask your sister if you can come around and see her for a bit . 
  offer to take care of nephew while she goes to the shops or something , and then you also get puppy playtime . 
  try to be a bit helpful whilst also being in a place to get what you want . 
  and say sorry . 
  it will go a long way . 
  you know that you need one land line for the internet to run over , right ? 
  but no , you do n't need to have a phone attached to it . 
  i think the only people saying that are ` players ' who want to justify their stupid methods . 
  it does n't even make sense !, 
  a poker player is still playing poker , right ? 
  a footballer is still playing football . 
  you ca n't separate the two things . 
  i agree with the jumping location and shaky cam , especially natashas fight in laos . 
  i could hardly track what was happening !, 
  the sudden cut to a young tony really jarred me as well , and i was confused for a good few minutes . 
  i wish we 'd had just a little more bonding time with steve and bucky . 
  steve 's been looking for him for two years and we do n't even really see a hug ? 
  i would have loved to get just an extra character moment or two with them . 
  it felt a bit brushed over in favour of the bigger story , which was a shame . 
  hated the steve/sharon kiss . 
  it 's just a bit too weird for me that they 're into each other , especially once steve worked out who she was . 
  loved the bucky and falcon reaction to it , though . 
  and i do agree with others that the soundtrack was lacking . 
  those winter soldier refrains coming back through were great , though . 
  i had assumed that as well !, 
  it makes sense that there 's no way tony would let them near it , though . 
  maybe it 's a call back they could also use in infinity war ? 
  it does help that it 's still the russos , markus and mcfeeley there to carry any loose threads through . 
  master and commander !, 
  napoleonic women sailors hunting down a rogue french ship and then playing cricket on the galapagos ? 
  sign me up !, 
  well , to be fair they had established them flirting in winter soldier , so i 'll give the russos that . 
  i could see it as a bucky/falcon/black panther/natasha thing . 
  bucky and nat have massive amounts of comic book history which it would be great to explore , and i do n't feel like the arc between bucky and t'challa is done yet . 
  i rewatched the european press conference this morning , and someone also asked where fury and maria hill was . 
  the russos said they knew exactly what was happening with them and it would tie in to a later film . 
  so , we 'll see , i guess !, 
  i thought that he moved much slower too , but it made sense to me that a giant would be like that . 
  his ant size is really nimble and fast after all , so it seems logical to reverse it . 
  i loved how much tony was powered by hurt and loss in this . 
  rdj absolutely killed it . 
  tony is not over his parents . 
  pepper has left him . 
  he 's been confronted by a grieving mother over her lost son . 
  his friends are breaking apart . 
  he is * so hurt * , and he 's trying desperately to fix it all again . 
  such an incredibly powerful arc for the character . 
  that line where he tells bucky `` you killed my mother ! '', 
  is so * sad * . 
  markus and mcfeeley got it just right . 
  i 'm totally guessing , but i think it was * more * powerful that pepper had left tony . 
  it made his drive to keep everyone safe and together that much stronger . 
  i 'm guessing maybe they tried adding her in as a support for tony , but realised it worked better to have her absent in the final edit ?
