  it may well be that he 's scared of commitment and freaking out , but the best way to deal with it would have been to * talk * to you , not to start ignoring you and flirting with another girl instead . 
  it 's okay , i know how frustrating it can be . 
  i think we 're maybe luckier as women , because if i see another girl wearing a cute dress that i think would suit me , i can compliment her and ask her where she got it from . 
  i do n't think that 's usually as much as an option for you . 
  maybe start looking for online retailers rather than high street ? 
  there must be plenty of fit guys with the same problem as you , and i 'm sure there are specialist retailers that cater to the broad shoulder-narrow waist demographic . 
  have a look through some mens magazines like esquire ( or even attitude ? ), 
  to see where their photoshoot spread items come from . 
  i hope you find somewhere that fits you soon . 
  could be plenty of reasons . 
  could be i was n't attracted to him , he was younger than me , he smoked , i got a weird vibe from him/was vaguely creeped out by him , that i did n't like his dress sense , or maybe just that i 'm really busy lately and not interested enough in that particular guy to make room for a date . 
  depends . 
  oh definitely pick up hobb , starting with * assassins apprentice * . 
  absolutely a fantasy staple and wonderful characters to boot . 
  carry on with sanderson with his way of kings series too , much more sophisticated than mistborn and a real epic in progress . 
  i think that 's really cute and totally fine . 
  it looks nothing like a wedding dress , which is where the rule really comes from . 
  my cute new brown kurt geiger leather ankle boots that i got on sale last weekend for # 45 . 
  i 'm in love . 
  books !, 
  i 'm always really nosy about the books that guys have in their flat . 
  any kind of art is good too - framed posters , stock canvases , whatever . 
  i just like to see a pop of colour here and there . 
  any personalisation at all is good by me . 
  oh , and a clean and tidy bathroom please !, 
  24 hour stuff . 
  i also want to be able to go and get pancakes soaked with maple syrup at 3am if i choose . 
  yes !, 
  we go and see lectures together at the british museum about roman art . 
  he 's the sweetest guy you could ever meet and i adore him to bits . 
  okay , the way i read it is that you pretty much want to have everything the optimum way * for you * and it 's not going to happen . 
  tim is feeling insecure because you 're saying `` well i do n't want to date anyone except you '' , but then you 're also saying you 're not exclusive , and he does n't get to know about your personal business . 
  he 's also just found out that the guy you live with is paying your rent and has also slept with you . 
  yeah , i 'd be insecure as hell about that too . 
  you can not just keep stringing him along for nice dates if you do n't want to actually be his girlfriend . 
  by not defining your boundaries he 's probably getting really worried , and insecure and you are not helping the situation by being all `` well chad 's really hot and cool but he 's * totally * a player and it only happens when we 're inbetween stuff anyway so do n't worry . '', 
  how can he not worry ? 
  you 're not ruling out the chance of you and chad hooking up again in the future when you 're ` inbetween ' things , but you 're also not telling tim `` nothing is going to happen because i am exclusive to * you * '' , which after * eight months * come on op , you would think you would be . 
  you ca n't have everything , op . 
  either you settle tim 's nerves by actively defining your relationship and cutting back on your flirting with chad , or you let the poor guy go to find someone who is n't just keeping him hanging on . 
   it was about how to make him chill out over the situation ,, 
  the way to make him chill out is to act like an adult and do all of the things that you clearly do n't want to do . 
  stop flirting with chad . 
  stop cuddling with him in the evenings . 
  start paying your own rent and bills . 
  define your relationship with tim . 
  realise his sudden insecurities are of * your * making , not his , and you can fix this just by growing up a little bit . 
  you can not dig your way out of this with ** loopholes ** when you 're dealing with a persons feelings !, 
  for gods sake op , i thought you were supposed to care about someone that you go on dates with !, 
  if you do n't want to be exclusive , you need to tell him `` i do n't want to be in an exclusive relationship . '', 
  no wonder he 's freaking out and pestering you - he has absolutely no idea where he stands with you right now or even whether he has a girlfriend or just a fuckbuddy . 
  if you want personal space , tell him * to his face * whether you want a monogamous boyfriend , an open relationship , or just someone to go to dinner with and sleep with on occasion . 
  stop dodging the question so much !, 
  he does n't have the right to dictate what you do with your friends , you 're right , but he also has the right to know whether you intend to sleep with another guy that you * live * with , now or in the future . 
  i * am * a woman , and i am not judging you for having male friends . 
  i am judging you for trying to wiggle your way out of having an exclusive relationship with one guy whilst also flirting with another guy you have had a previous sexual relationship with and who * also * pays your bills . 
  i am also judging you for acting like you are just a poor little nice girl who never meant to cause all of this nasty controlling insecurity from your nasty boyfriend who just does n't understand the way friendship works . 
  yes . 
  this is * your * fault , and clearly you have no intention of fixing it . 
  so hey , enjoy tim 's insecurity just getting worse and worse while you whine `` but we were never * exclusive * ! '', 
  until he breaks up with you . 
  because that is what is going to happen until you stop acting like this is all somebody elses fault and start taking responsibility about the men who you have relationships with . 
  stop using fucking loopholes about this op . 
  i refuse to believe you can be so dense . 
  and i have answered your original question , several times . 
  lots of us have . 
  you just do n't like the answer very much . 
  the answers are just getting ridiculous now . 
  `` he 's a 10 and i 'm a 10 . '', 
  i like pretty things and aesthetically pleasing things . 
  i like things that smell good . 
  i like the look of flicking flames . 
  scented candles contain all of these things in one cute container . 
  why do you hate pretty things , op ? 
  why ? 
  what happened in your life ? 
  i 've bought myself scented candles before !, 
  i mean , not in any great quantity or anything , but sometimes those lovely hefty yankee candles just smell so * good * . 
  well it 's a bit spoilerific right now with age of ultron imminent and daredevil just come out on netflix , but i adore / r/marvelstudios . 
  it has a lot of great discussions , and if you enjoy the marvel films even a little little bit , everyone is really enthusiastic about sharing stuff to do with them . 
  you know what single thing pissed me off the most ? 
  [ the marketing poster for the film sex tape ] ( https://stocklandmartelblog.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/art-streiber_sex-tape-movie-poster.jpg ) ( and that was a careful google , believe me ) . 
  jason segel - completely clothed . 
  totally covered . 
  even has socks on with his baggy t-shirt . 
  turned to the side so you ca n't really see his torso . 
  cameron diaz ? 
  * spreadeagled * in a tiny little tank top and * tiny * little knickers . 
  what the * fuck * , advertisers ?!, 
  this is supposed to be about a couple who have just made a sex tape !, 
  why does the guy have all his clothes on while the girl hardly has any ?? 
  it pissed me off * so much * . 
  honestly , if you want to spend three years over here and ca n't decide where to choose , i would recommend buying a flight over and spend a week seeing each university . 
  rankings and marketing only count for so much and they change every year anyway . 
  you need to see each one to work out where suits you best . 
  is n't it just ? 
  they even make his trousers baggy with creases ` carefully ' covering his arse so you ca n't even see an outline , whereas you can see * everything * about cameron . 
  oh , and she 's on tip toes so it still looks like she 's wearing heels , of course . 
  it 's everything awful about the media and marketing all rolled into one . 
  male sexuality in what way ?
