  just ask her out !, 
  she knows you 're interested . 
  she 's been polite but turned you down . 
  if things go sour with her current boyfriend then she might well seek you out on her own . 
  do n't push your luck . 
  2003 , which was my final year of secondary school ( a-levels ) . 
  i would take history and study much harder . 
  i could have done so much better in my exams , really . 
  english country cottages are great and have a really wide selection . 
  if you book early enough you can get a good rate . 
  [ here 's a quick search ] ( http://www.english-country-cottages.co.uk/england?adult=10&amp;child=0&amp;infant=0&amp;nights=3&amp;range=3&amp;pets=0&amp;partyprofile=1&amp;fshow=1 ) i pulled up for 10 + people for three nights with their heritage collection . 
  i think i do n't know why she 's your girlfriend and not your ex girlfriend as of about 8 months ago !, 
  jesus op , what are you still doing in this relationship ?!, 
  yes , you hurt her and should n't have reacted violently , but prior to that she has slapped , choked , kicked , cut , kneed , trapped , pushed and soaked you . 
  i do n't blame you for retaliating like that . 
  she is * absolutely * abusive !, 
  you need to leave , right now . 
  ask to switch campus buildings if you can , because this is so ridiculously unhealthy it 's untrue . 
  depends how well the date goes . 
  90 % of the time a simple lip kiss is nice , but there has been one or two dates where we 've ended up all over each other . 
  play it by ear . 
  the sentiment is nice for guys who are ruining a sex life with a partner through excessive masturbation , but all things in moderation . 
  it 's not healthy to masturbate constantly , and it 's not healthy to completely cut yourself off , either . 
  maybe a dozen . 
  i do n't keep count . 
  it 's not really * that * many - i mean , if you put a dozen single guys in one room ( even if you 'd picked them off the street because they were attractive ) , would you really be convinced that in that random dozen would be your perfect guy ? 
  mostly i just like to go on dates because they 're fun , and i like getting out of the house to go to dinner every so often . 
  there 's also a new scheme started this year with [ hmc teacher training ] ( http://www.hmcteachertraining.org.uk/what-is-hmc-teacher-training/ ) where you train for two years , salaried , in an independent school and come out of it with both a pgce and qts . 
  they are absolutely crying out for maths and science teachers , and there are four vacancies open for maths right now . 
  it 's a good , viable solution if you 're worried about finances . 
  good luck !, 
  i did apply to a few schools through it for history places and did n't hear anything back , but you 're much more valuable as a maths grad . 
  of course not . 
  that 's a stupid idea . 
  sex is sex is sex , and anyone who judges me for the amount of sex that i have willingly chosen to have is not someone that i particularly want to be around . 
  my number is in the double digits but i do n't think of myself as promiscuous . 
  it 's a pretty nasty , loaded word to apply to yourself , and i would rather use constructive terminology when thinking about things that i choose to do . 
  i quite like the flatiron building in new york , just because i think the angles are really cool and kooky . 
  well , personally i would write your son a letter , explaining that mummy decided that taking hard drugs was okay because she was a big grown up girl and could handle it , and you 're sure daddy will take care of him after the funeral or after you 've been thrown in jail . 
  what the fuck . 
  get with it . 
  you are a * mother * now with bigger responsibilities in life . 
  your husband is worried , and all you care about is messing around like a feckless teenager . 
  i understand wanting to relieve the burden of parenthood every so often , but going out and partying ( out of town too ! ), 
  at least twice a week ? 
  these girls can do it because they are single and do n't have any dependents . 
  you 're not . 
  you have a child . 
  you do n't have to become a nun , but for gods sake stop doing idiotic things like taking fucking ecstasy pills just to ` be young ' . 
  if your husband decides he 's sick of you drinking and partying and divorces you , guess who 's going to have the stronger argument for custody ? 
  i am a beautiful person . 
  the comments for your help . 
  i have to go , '' he said , `` what , like the thunderbirds guy ? 
  my mum always tells my brother and i `` the little one has to stay with the big one ! '' . 
  it 's from when we were at a theme park or something and saw these little cuddly bears with a little bear attached by a string to a bigger ` parent ' bear . 
  it 's her way of saying that she misses us . 
  mostly documentaries about shakespeare and the cold war . 
  i stick stuff on there when it 's too long for me to watch right away , but somehow i still never get around to actually watching it . 
  nah , atheism is just an absence of belief . 
  i 'm an atheist and do n't believe in god in the same way that i do n't believe in fairies or apollo . 
  i 'll admit that i do think that people who believe in a god are mistaken , but i 'd never be so rude as to tell them that , and i do n't worship science or anything . 
  i just have no actions to contribute towards any form of spirituality . 
  i 'm an atheist , and both of my parents are either agnostic or atheist . 
  i went to a church of england primary school ( like most brits my age ) which had hymns , prayers and a tiny bit of bible reading in assemblies , but that was about it . 
  i was made to go to sunday school for a year to get into a local catholic school , purely because it had a good reputation and not because my parents actually wanted me to be catholic or anything . 
  they just wanted a couple of hours peace on a sunday !, 
  finally decided i was atheist a few years ago , and that was pretty much it . 
  no other religious influence on my life whatsoever , and no particular impact that i can tell . 
  it 's just a total non-entity for me . 
  i really love harry , actually . 
  i mean , i know he 's the title character and all , but you do n't always see love for him . 
  i like the growth that we get to see with harry , and i like that even though the series is about school and teenagers , harry is a man by the end of it . 
  he takes a man 's choices and confronts things head on , without shirking from what he needs to do . 
  he knows that what is going to happen is not going to be fun , and it 's not going to be easy , but it 's what he needs to do to get the job done . 
  he 's big on trusting his instincts , which i really relate to , and he 's sooo passionate about his friends and the people around him . 
  it 's so telling that in the burning room of requirement he looks past his hatred of draco and thinks `` no one should die like that '' , then swoops in to save him . 
  there are lots of people who would simply think `` he 's got no chance . 
  i ca n't save him '' , but that never crosses harry 's mind , not once . 
  he wants to save everybody . 
  that 's what i like most about him . 
  big big cups of tea , and either disney films or the sublime gorgeous wonderful bbc period drama [ north & south ] ( https://youtu.be/c9k3hdjemnm ) which has richard armitage in , and is like a big soothing cuddling when you 're feeling under the weather . 
  squaddies . 
  sorry , but being a military girlfriend/wife is not my cup of tea . 
  i could n't stand the constant moving around or potential long waiting during deployment . 
  god this is so first world millennial generational problem , sorry . 
  i am so excited for avengers : age of ultron , but i want to know as little about it as possible ( beyond the first two trailers ) , which is fucking impossible when tumblr keeps posting gifs of every little thing everywhere and not tagging stuff . 
  who cares that i 've got tumblr saviour installed when people just do n't bother with the fucking tags and i see new dialogue and ` ooh look at this change here , this means this ! ', 
  are you people obsessed with spoilers or something ? 
  every time a new tv spot comes out there 's a rash of it . 
  god !, 
  do you use primer ? 
  porefessional by benefit is really good for covering those suckas up and it 's nice and light . 
  sociable , chatty , relaxed , optimistic , independent . 
  the russo brothers have consistently said how key the winter soldier is to the plot for cap 3 , so i 'm optimistic that we 'll be okay . 
  this is from an mtv interview back in august :, 
   `` is the winter soldier the world 's most dangerous assassin that 's ever lived or the world 's longest serving p.o.w. 
  ? '' anthony russo asked . 
  `` is he responsible for his actions since he was turned into the winter soldier , or is he innocent by reason of insanity ? 
  where does this character live now ? 
  is he ever going to be acceptable again to cap in the way he once was , before he was the winter soldier ?
