  gordon does . 
  and if i were you , i would seriously consider whether you truly want to be in a relationship with a guy who pays more attention to his crush than his three year long girlfriend . 
  i 'll be watching it on the tv tonight while i 'm working behind the bar . 
  hopefully it 'll be quiet so i can hear all of graham norton 's snarky commentary while he gets drunk . 
  go uk !, 
  bbc one , starting at 8pm . 
  so you 're single and do n't want to be . 
  great . 
  what are you * actively doing * to change that ? 
  have you signed up to okc/match/eharmony / uniformdating.com ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  look , i 'm a lady , 29 and single , and i know * full well * that that status is not going to change unless * i * put in the effort to change it . 
  prince charming is not going to waltz up and land on my doorstep tomorrow . 
  i have to do the work to find eligible men . 
  if i do n't put in the effort , then i do n't have any right to complain that i 'm not in a couple . 
  you are exactly the same . 
  i know your schedule is probably crazy right now , but if you can fit in some sort of hobby or club where you can meet people , do it . 
  squeeze in dates from okc . 
  take up party invitations . 
  stop sitting around moping watching bachelor programmes when you could be out trying dates with ladies , trying to meet your dream girl !, 
  and above all , for gods sake stop whinging about how much life sucks because you do n't have a girlfriend . 
  girls can smell desperation a mile off , trust me . 
  i think they 're bizarre , quite honestly , and they play into the unhealthy image that sex is a bad thing and only virgin girls are good girls . 
  fine . 
  mildly curious sometimes but generally i just get on with my own changing and let other women do theirs . 
  oh man , that first summer back from uni . 
  it 's both wonderful and frustrating in so many ways . 
   i do n't understand why it is so difficult for them to recognize that i am adult now and they should treat me with the respect that comes with that , as i do with them . 
  you need to look at it from their point of view . 
  their baby , who they loved and coddled and protected for eighteen years , went away somewhere new and came back this big grown up lady with all of these different , new points of view , new experiences and newfound confidence in herself that has probably made you a bit unrecognisable to them from the nervous fresher who went away last september . 
  for you , you 've just been through these amazing , eye opening nine months of independence , freedom and discovery . 
  for them , it 's just been nine months of the same old same old . 
  same town , same routine , same people . 
  they have n't yet readjusted to who you 're becoming , so your mum is reverting to treating you like she always does ; a child . 
  add on to that the emotional , stressful rollercoaster of a divorce and she 's clinging on to you like a walking talking teddy bear . 
  my only real advice is * keep talking * to your mum . 
  keep showing her that you 're responsible ; do your chores , do whatever study you need . 
  when it comes to going out at night , talk to your dad and see if you can get curfew lifted or moved , but if you ca n't then just keep quiet , keep your head down and do what you 're told . 
  unfortunately you 're back in your mums house , so it 's back to her rules , no matter how much you 're chafing against them . 
  it 's only temporary - you 'll be off again in august . 
  next year just rent a house with friends and stay in your uni town for the summer and just come back for a week or two . 
  your mum will adjust , but it 's going to take time . 
  you need to give her that , and * show * her as well as telling her how much you 're growing up now . 
  throwing tantrums about your curfew will not help your case . 
  talking about it and proving your new found responsible adulthood will . 
  i loved twin twin !, 
  totally cheesy but * so * catchy !, 
  my friend c is goddamn awful about getting in touch , responding to messages or keeping meet up plans and i normally roll my eyes about it . 
  except one day she made plans with our close mutual friend e , cancelled at the last minute because she said she was sick -- and then posted on facebook an hour later about how she was going out to the pub at the last minute with her brand new flatmates . 
  e texted me , absolutely * livid * , and we were both just like bugger this for a game of soldiers . 
  i love c to death , but it reached the point where we were both sick of dealing with her crap . 
  it 's not worth the hassle . 
  yup !, 
  been doing it for about ten years now ( i 'm 29 ) . 
  it 's fine , really . 
  it 's a sociable , busy job and most of the people are cool . 
  if you like talking to loads of different people about pretty much everything , then bartending is great work . 
  i work at a local pub just on saturday nights and it 's not difficult at all . 
  some nights are stupidly busy and goes really fast , other ones you 're just serving pints of lager to the same two or three blokes all evening and hearing all the local gossip . 
  we 're a bit of a tourist trap so we get lots of families in and that 's really nice - sometimes i jump on food service to help out , but it 's mostly just bar work . 
  i mostly just serve pints and mixers like rum and coke mixes , or vodka lemonades to our customers rather than fancy pants cocktails , but sometimes we get to make fun little shots . 
  apart from when they 're drinking sambuca , then my hands just reek of sticky liquorice all night . 
  yeugh . 
  there 's a little bit of heavy lifting involved with the restocking , but it 's nothing major . 
  most of the time the job is just about chatting with your coworkers , chatting with customers , dealing with occasional drunk idiots , sweeping up broken glass/cleaning glasses , and serving lots of drinks . 
  not hard at all . 
  [ this is a good site ] ( http://uk.votematch.eu/ ) that helps you work out which party your opinions most closely align with . 
  it also shows you at the end which of their policies you agree with and which ones you do n't so that you can make up your own mind . 
  the whole harry potter series . 
  the more you read it , the more foreshadowing and depth you see and the more emotional impact it has . 
  i so hope jkr writes more . 
  actually i 'm re-reading it right now and already getting kicked in the feels by fitz and the fool . 
  it 's so heartbreaking and * so good * . 
  terry pratchett 's * night watch * . 
  i think it 's one of the most heart rending of the discworld novels and i love just going back to it over and over again . 
  i 'm reading tawny man again right now and already verging on sobbing for most of it . 
  it 's just so extraordinarily detailed and so evocative !, 
  ugh the fricking weather is driving me bonkers . 
  i put away my winter jumpers , so it pelts it down with rain . 
  i bring the jumpers back out again and it goes lets be hot today . 
  wtf ? 
  i would want to do the same thing too !, 
  why not change the song on the train for gods sake ? 
  what is it with obsessive commuters and their ` rightful place ' in the station ? 
  glaswegian accents can be nigh on incomprehensible for me sometimes . 
  i also occasionally trip up over the [ geordie accent ] ( http://youtu.be/ahhlmhchlru ) if they 're speaking too fast . 
  oh for sure - i eat so much more once the weather turns chilly - it 's all bread , potatoes and carbs up the wazoo and just endless snacking all the time . 
  once it gets hot i 'll switch onto salads and punnets of fruit and feel just as full as ever . 
  the way people hold their cutlery . 
  no , the fork is n't a spoon . 
  no , you do n't clench your fist around a knife like you 're going to hack it through the table . 
  it 's so so minor , but it 's just weird how many different ways people can eat at the table . 
  in here i tend to assume most people posting are female or more inclined that way . 
  in every other sub i just figure i 'm talking to a bunch of ( young , american ) men . 
  either home or small , intimate dinner parties for me . 
  i got over my partying and drinking phase a few years ago , and now bars and clubs just irritate me . 
  even the deathly hallows filmmakers saw it !, 
  did you see the announcement yesterday about channing tatum being signed as gambit ? 
  have a look at travelzoo.com , it 's got a good pick of last minute holidays . 
  there 's a 5 day one to morocco on there at the moment which looks absolutely divine .
