  did you have many tourists to dodge around on the bridges ? 
  good luck !, 
  are you okay ?? 
  what on earth set that off ? 
  i hope so !, 
  i 'd sort of got my hopes up about that particular uni as well , so it was a bit of a disappointment . 
  but oh well . 
  like you said , everything for a reason . 
  i 've got a couple of back up plans , so i 'm sure something will work out . 
  so your lecturer just ... up and left ? 
  that 's so crappy !, 
  such a perfect adaption of the song . 
  it was by far my favourite scene . 
  for gods sake , * stop sleeping with her * . 
  if you do n't want kids and she 's ** deliberately ** not on birth control , it is just a matter of time before she gets knocked up and you get saddled with a baby you never wanted or planned . 
  for the record , i work with a girl who insisted she could n't get pregnant because of medical condition xyz , as proved by the fact that she had never been pregnant ( uh , right ) . 
  guess what ? 
  she 's due in april . 
  that will be your girlfriend , my friend , and you will be kicking yourself all the way to the ultrasound . 
  probably the original score soundtrack for * interstellar * . 
  i buy a shitload of movie soundtracks on impulse . 
  it 's amazing , by the way . 
  everyone knows male celebrities wear makeup at some point or another . 
  it 's how they look good on camera , especially now everything is in hd all the time . 
  it does n't affect how i think about any of them or how i think about myself at all . 
  it 's just part of their job . 
  pleasantville, 
  a beautiful mind, 
  mona lisa smile ( 1950s , about a liberal young teacher [ julia roberts ] who gets a position to teach at a very conservative girls only college ), 
  the imitation game is in the cinema at the moment , which is about the race to crack the enigma machine in ww2 . 
  if you wanted to push it up to the 70s , rush and tinker tailor soldier spy are both very good . 
  looooooooooooved it . 
  especially the docking scene !, 
  holy crap that was amazing . 
  i 've found films are so much better when you go into them not knowing anything about it . 
  i 'd only seen the one trailer too and i just adored it . 
  i went into gone girl without knowing a single thing about it too , and that was amazing . 
  i like r2 and r4 !, 
  we have r2 on all day in the office , and okay , you do want to smack jeremy vine pretty much constantly , but the rest of the djs are good . 
  r4 is great for the drama and comedy , especially the news quiz and its little gems like cabin pressure . 
  not even slightly . 
  nothing happens if you do n't get sex . 
  there 's not even any medical ill effects . 
  you die without food and water . 
  they 're nowhere near the same league of requirements . 
  not really . 
  it 's pretty fucking unreasonable , actually . 
  it did n't even work for those ladies of ancient greece , why would it work now ? 
  i never cheated . 
  i plagiarised once in lower 6th , which i still feel guilty about even now . 
  sorry , mr marks . 
  what are you studying and what do you want to go in to , first of all ? 
  i got my undergraduate degree in an arts subject ( theatre production ) and then used that to travel internationally and get paid for it by working on a cruise ship . 
  could you do something like that ? 
  if you 're canny , travelling does n't have to cost you that much . 
  plenty of eye contact , laughing , easy conversation ( does n't halt or second guess what they 're saying ) , smiling , open posture . 
  lack of tension in the body would probably be another one - when i 'm nervous i get all hunched in the shoulders . 
  i 'd personally never expect other people to have the same interests as me , so i 'd never think that certain ones are ` worth ' having . 
  for instance , i love dogs , i love talking about hobbies with dogs and i show my dogs . 
  i do n't care if person x i 'm talking to is a cat person in the slightest , just as long as we can share fun conversation about some way our interests interconnect ; i.e. 
  stupid things our pets do . 
   but they are not living according to the bible . 
  more accurately , they are not living to societal standards of * two thousand years ago * . 
  things change , dude . 
  society moves on . 
  women are no longer sold as chattel to their husbands in exchange for two oxen and a goat . 
  i 'm not saying throw away all your morals , but try and keep up a little . 
  it 's not a hard thing to accept at all . 
  it 's just another facet to people . 
  having sex with different people does n't * change * anyone , it does n't add or remove anything , and it does n't make them better or worse . 
  i 've had multiple partners , and i fully expect any future partners i have will have done the same . 
  it makes no difference , as long as they 're devoted to me . 
  i realised i was an adult when i looked at seventeen/eighteen year olds and said `` oh my god , they 're such * babies * . '', 
  it 's not until you hit your late twenties that you actually realise what an idiot you used to be at the point when you thought you knew everything . 
  well , i do n't have children , but i do n't feel like i 've failed in the slightest . 
  i 've done exactly what i wanted to do in my twenties rather than what everyone thinks you * should * do and i 'm so much happier for it . 
  when i did camp america at age 18 . 
  it was just another summer experience , but i changed * so much * as a person . 
  it gave me responsibilities , challenges and international travel experience with so many different types of people . 
  i came back much more settled and much more focused on life , and my parents always said they saw a difference almost immediately in me . 
  hook !, 
  it 's only partly set at christmas-time , but it 's the absolute best family feel good movie for the holidays . 
  i imagine it would n't take much for tony stark to whip up some kind of vibranium-seeking metal detector and do a sweep over the river for it . 
  i get to bring my dog into the office every day . 
  he can be a pain in the neck sometimes , but it 's really good to have him just dozing away under my desk while i work . 
  i picked my degree and university based specifically on the graduate employment rate , the work experience and the network connections it gave me . 
  i had a full time industry - related job before i 'd finished my third year . 
  a degree can be worth plenty if you do your research beforehand and go into it with both eyes open . 
  use the connections of the tutors , get as much work experience as possible while you 're studying and you 'll come out of it fine . 
  doss around and that 's where you 'll end up going ` was it actually worth it ? ', 
  seeing a pantomime !, 
  taste testing as many mince pies as possible . 
  watching amazing old school films like mary poppins and hook and wallace and gromit . 
  biting the head off my chocolate santa and eating it in bed before i open anything else from the stocking . 
  god i love christmas . 
  shock absorber have been really really great for me . 
  i 'm a 30g and do high impact stuff like running and gymnastics . 
  never had a problem with shock absorber . 
  they stay pretty rock solid the whole way through !, 
  i think there 's probably someone with a grudge doing a lot of mass down voting as there 's several similar posts in the negatives .
