  soooo , that 's probably what you 're seeing . 
  sorry martins , but every martin i 've ever met has been a colossal idiot . 
  also billy . 
  you 're a douche , billies of the world . 
  i do n't know why , but you just are . 
  names i love : arthur , oliver/ollie , daniel , fabian . 
  oh god , i hate all those - ayden names . 
  there are * other vowel sounds in the world * , parents-to-be . 
  please choose some of them . 
  no no , not boring . 
  why not ? 
  how about sorbet ? 
  i do make the first move . 
  all the time . 
  in fact , if i bothered waiting for guys on okc and match to be the one to ask me out , i 'd be sitting around every night doing nothing . 
  so ... try meeting some new girls somewhere else and widen your dating pool . 
  yes , and it 's important in everything . 
  socialising , work , relationships , self worth ... all of them need confidence . 
  really ? 
  which course did you do ? 
  i 'm going into a third year ou course and it 's certainly not piss easy . 
  they take a * lot * of work . 
  i 've just finished my second year of a full time ou course studying towards a ba ( hons ) in history and i 'm waiting on my exam results now . 
  i 'll be starting a full time load of third year courses in october , and i work full time along with that , too . 
  i love my ou courses , and my tutors have been excellent . 
  the work load * is * hard once you hit second year . 
  first year i fitted around my life easily and it was n't much of a commitment until the very end when the assessments got larger , but in second year the amount of reading just shot up . 
  i would wake up , go to work , come home about 6 , have dinner and then study until 10.30 most days . 
  weekends were all study . 
  april and may were complete write offs this year with two assessments and then study for two june exams and i did n't much leave the house . 
  if you do a full course , be prepared to sacrifice a * lot * of your social life for it . 
  also bear in mind that you are entirely self motivated . 
  i really want to do this course and do well in it , but when it got to march this year all i could do was take one look at my books , open to the next module page and think `` fuck this , i ca n't be bothered . '', 
  except i * had * to be bothered , otherwise i 'd fail my tma . 
  that was really , really hard . 
  take advantage of the tutorials and day schools they offer , because they are so useful and give you so much extra information and really help you enjoy the subject . 
  i gained a student loan for my second and third years even though i have a previous degree , because my last degree was scottish , so i came out with a ba . 
  because this is a ba ( hons ) , it 's classed as superior so i qualify for a loan . 
  have a look in to that if you can because it 's ridiculously handy . 
  either way , i love my course , and it 's made me consider going on to do an ma in classics at a brick uni some time in the future . 
  ou students are all lovely , and i 'd definitely recommend it to anyone . 
  best of luck !, 
  i 'm 29 , and i work for the family business at the moment , but i 'm doing this in order to retrain as a teacher . 
  i 'll be applying for a pgce this november . 
  i also have a pub job on saturday nights and i have been doing a days experience at a secondary school on tuesdays this year , so i 've not exactly had much spare time !, 
  yup , ou students can only get loans for tuition fees , because as someone said above we only technically count as part time students ( even with a full time work load ) . 
  that means we ca n't get maintenance loan cover . 
  maybe once every couple of months ? 
  i tend to fix them up through okcupid . 
  i 'd love to meet more guys through friends or hobbies but no luck so far . 
  no , never . 
  i have no interest in watches at all . 
  i 'm british , and 95 % of us learn manual over here . 
  i 've never driven an automatic in my life . 
  women certainly can and do drive manual all the time !, 
  i 've no idea why some guys would think we ca n't . 
  it 's not a high number and it 's something you 're just going to have to deal with , but i do wonder a ) why she brought it up in the first place and b ) why she told you if you did n't actually want to know . 
  it just seems odd that she started the conversation , told you the number and then started talking about how awful she feels . 
  if she * does * feel awful , then why even bring it up in the first place ? 
  / r/changemyview and / r/britishproblems, 
  you can not just brush this off . 
  this is not an `` i 'm sure it 's fine '' situation , because it is * not * . 
  this absolutely , one hundred percent needs to be reported to authorities . 
  your roommate , a thirty eight year old man , is grooming a twelve year old boy and needs to be stopped . 
  they should never * ever * be sharing a bed together , and the fact that this is happening every weekend is ringing alarm bells all over the place . 
  please , call someone to report it ** today ** , and next time he visits insist that the boy stays on the sofa over night , or even better , does not stay over at all . 
  this is not okay . 
  for gods sake , do n't be so wilfully obtuse . 
  thirty eight year old men ( ** 38 !, 
  ** ) do not share beds every weekend with twelve year old boys !, 
  these two are not related . 
  they are not ` friends ' . 
  this is n't some big brother little brother scenario where they camp out in the woods , watch cartoons together and have a jolly hockysticks time . 
  this guy has given expensive presents ( what , something around $ 2,000 + ? ), 
  to a child in exactly the way that he attempts to date grown men . 
  there is not anything normal about this scenario other than the fact that ops boyfriend is turning a blind eye to it exactly like you are . 
  grown men * do not sleep * in the same room or the same bed as twelve year old boys . 
  if he was afraid of the dark , why is n't he staying on the sofa in a public area with a lamp on or * going home * ? 
  if this was a 38 year old woman inviting a friends 12 year old son or daughter into her bed every weekend , we would all be saying exactly the same thing . 
  this is not normal , and it is not right . 
  wake up . 
  learn something about grooming . 
  this is how it happens . 
  why are you driving in london ? 
  seriously , you wo n't need a car in central london . 
  save the rental for day trips or going further afield . 
  ask for ice with bottled cider , but you wo n't need to request it for draft lager . 
  i 've faded after one or two dates , but after three dates and/or sex i think i 've always been upfront about calling it off . 
  i 've had the fade in that scenario by two guys before though , and it sucks . 
  i just have to assume they were n't that into me for whatever reason . 
  i 'm english . 
  i 've been driving all over the country for ten years . 
  i actively avoid driving in london because it 's just vastly unnecessary , stressful and expensive . 
  i honestly think you can save money and use public transport for most , if not all , of your holiday . 
  it is , there 's a service to inverness or edinburgh roughly every hour from kings cross . 
  it 's a really pretty trip . 
  i 'd say it 's probably even worth op putting his london car rental costs towards a first class train ticket to make it a really comfortable journey . 
  really ?? 
  that 's so odd . 
  cider is one of the best summer drinks , especially when it 's ice cold .
