  while you are on contract you 'll work seven days a week for your whole contract term , but you get time off to go visit ports and whatnot . 
  you 'll probably share a cabin with someone else ( i got promoted halfway through so i got a * whole cabin * to myself ! ), 
  crew have their own bar ( with the best parties , seriously ) , own mess to eat in and there are normally small crew areas on the ship that guests ca n't get to . 
  you 'll get flown out to join the ship and flown back at the companies expense except if you get fired . 
  once you 've finished a contract you 'd get something like two months off and then can be rotaed back into a second/third/fourth contract if you want . 
  one was enough for me personally but i know people who have been doing ships for years and years - it 's very much a lifestyle . 
  you 're really not going to get much about authentic pub culture from zones 1 and 2 of london , unfortunately . 
  pub culture is more about going for a swift pint after work , or the family going for a pub dinner on sundays , or a group of friends hanging out in a pub garden on a sunny afternoon drinking cold pints and pimms than the tourists/city bars you 'll get in central london . 
  a day trip even half an hour out to chelmsford will give you better footage than talking to city boys . 
  either 11 or 12 , i forget . 
  i 'm 28 . 
  yes , it 's weird and no , i ca n't imagine many women being receptive to it . 
  like telling the world you feel like you need to fart , just enjoy it privately and carry on with your day . 
  relax . 
  i can guarantee it that things will change , and things wo n't go to plan . 
  life never does . 
  you have to learn to just be okay with that and take things as they come , rather than panicking because your timeline has n't worked out how you thought it would . 
  things never , ever work out how you think they should , but that 's half the fun of it . 
  life is n't a race . 
  you do n't * have * to have the almighty job in the perfect city with a great wardrobe , close knit friends and idyllic relationship by the time you 're 30 to have had a good life . 
  i am absolutely nowhere near the person i was at 18 , 22 or even 25 . 
  i 'm now 28 ( 29 on friday ! ), 
  and i 've completely changed direction from what i thought i wanted , but i have done * so much * cool stuff already in life . 
  take time to smell the roses . 
  do n't worry so much about racing towards your life goals . 
  detour occasionally - travel , take a job if it sounds like fun rather than ` the ideal ' , try new hobbies . 
  who honestly , * honestly * cares if you do n't tick all those boxes you 've set ? 
  there are n't any prizes at the end for it , after all . 
  i do n't have enough patience for vintage shopping , so i stick to high street chains . 
  other friends are * amazing * vintage shoppers and rock that look without even trying . 
  it varies . 
  the bit that does that silly twitchy dance thing . 
  you got in . 
  take the opportunity . 
  he 's talking crap about you because he 's jealous , plain and simple . 
  go and live your own life and do n't worry about where your friends might end up . 
  if he gets to come with you , then great . 
  if not , carpe diem and go and make your own friends . 
  do n't let this other guy drag you down on what is going to be an amazing year . 
  seriously , you are twenty three years old . 
  stop worrying about what four little dots might mean and text her back to arrange where and when you 're taking her out . 
  she 's clearly pleased you asked . 
  of * course * i would . 
  i would do what is best for * me * , not what 's best for my friend . 
  that goes the same even for my best friend . 
  you have to live your life for you , not for everyone else . 
  i 've worked and travelled abroad before by myself , and taken opportunities because they were good for ** me ** . 
  stop hanging on your friends coat strings . 
  just because he did n't make it does n't mean you need to lower your expectations . 
  leave him out of the equation . 
  do what you want , not what he wants . 
  out of curiosity , how exactly are they going to restrict your travel ? 
  if they 're flying you out to london from the usa it seems a bit churlish to say ` you can only go to these zones ' when you 're university age . 
  the tube just goes straight through them . 
  you could even pick up your own oyster card with additional zones on if you wanted to be * really * daring . 
  anyway , if you absolutely * have * to stay within those limits , try looking at more residential areas in zone 2 to get a real idea of pub culture . 
  ladbroke grove , bow , whitechapel , kennington , notting hill gate , maida vale , archway all might be better places to look for pubs rather than zone 1 . 
  peter brett 's * the painted man * . 
  loved the first , got bored of the second and have n't even tried to read the third . 
  i. ... would be pretty creeped out . 
  i mean , i get why he wanted to confide in you , and i 'm sure he feels relieved that you accepted it , but it would still really creep me out . 
  i mean ... animals do n't see sex like we do , and i get the whole ` it 's hot watching a woman desperate to be fucked ' thing , but surely there 's videos with gangbangs or sybians or stuff like that in instead ? 
  the animal is n't a consenting partner and is n't doing it to get the woman off . 
  that 's what makes the distinction for me . 
  i think in this case , i personally would maybe bring it up really really gently ; something like `` steve , i 'm so glad you feel okay with confiding in me , and i hope we can always be honest with each other , but i 'm not feeling entirely comfortable with knowing that you watch beastiality porn during our relationship . 
  could we talk about redirecting what you enjoy into something else instead ? '', 
  then maybe suggest spending an evening finding videos you both enjoy together ? 
  waiting until 25 when you 're both more secure financially really is n't a big deal . 
  why are you in such a rush to have them by 22/23 ? 
  i 'm 28 and my mum had me when she was about 25 . 
  it 's not like you 'll be ancient when the kids become teenagers . 
  i assume my friends are skipping over their sexytime stories generally or not telling me any private stories they might have discussed , but generally i take their version as verbatim . 
  i do n't believe anything gets twisted or embellished - for most of my friends , it probably actually gets downplayed if anything . 
  food :, 
  [ party rings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_ring ) , cheese sticks , kettle chips with hummus , sliced celery , sliced carrots , various dips , [ cadburys fingers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cadbury_fingers ) , general cake things . 
  drinks :, 
  bottles of wine , big bottle of coke , big bottle of lemonade ( the proper lemonade , not your us cloudy lemony stuff ) , tango/fanta , maybe a jug of pimms if i 'm feeling fancy . 
  nope , i 'm british . 
  i had to get an american c1 ( d ) visa which lasts for ten years and entitled me to work in american waters ( but not on land ) . 
  it 's still valid actually , which is quite entertaining . 
  the only country i was n't allowed to disembark in was russia , because i had n't got the right visa , but i was still pretty new onboard when we docked in sochi and did n't mind staying onboard * too * much . 
  some countries took ages to get through customs , others were a breeze . 
  i think i still have a valid bermuda seamen 's pass too . 
  there 's always demand for foh staff , but it 's most likely that you 'll apply , get interviewed , get offered a job and then have to wait for a contract to open up . 
  like i said , most western contracts are 6 months and they always need a rotation of staff , but it 's just a waiting game really . 
  if i remember right , my contract came up at the very last minute and i had to accept it within a day or two after i 'd been waiting two or three months . 
  it 's not that you 're really competing against other people as such , but they hire as and when they need a staff pool to choose from . 
  once you 're in , you 're in and wo n't need to apply again as they 'll just offer you a repeat contract and you can accept or turn it down as you please . 
  talk to several lines if you can - they all have their own environments and way of doing things . 
  royal caribbean is aimed way younger than p&o , for example , and regent and silverseas are looking for far more silver service qualities than celebrity is . 
  know who you 're applying to . 
  if you 've got more questions , please do ask away !, 
  mostly because i do n't put in the effort to find a boyfriend , i suspect . 
  i 'm almost 29 , my university was actually a drama school with a high proportion of women and gay men . 
  i 've had opportunities since then but never really been that engaged with it . 
  now i live at home , work ( technically ) three jobs , do a full time degree and do time consuming hobbies like dog shows on top . 
  i just do n't have the time or energy to put into online dating . 
  i went on a date on saturday and he was lovely , but i was * exhausted * from the day and night before and just could n't put the energy in to really flirt with him . 
  i 'm sure the right man will turn up someday - i 'm a pretty good catch - and hopefully by then i 'll have the time and effort back in my life to make the most of it . 
  i 'm not the least bit fussed about being single as it suits me just fine , but i 'd like to at least try this whole ` serious relationship ' business and give it a go with a worthwhile guy .
