  so far it feels like it 's a pretty civilised discussion in here , too . 
  i think they probably did - de castell made the point over and over that people scorned the trattari no matter what they did and how brave they were - the peasants and the little girl , for example . 
  i quite like that he heard all that all the time and still held his greatcoat standards anyway . 
  not wasting time at all !, 
  sometimes we just need a little nudge to remind us where balance is good and where it 's bad . 
  you 've got it good , so do enjoy it !, 
  your mum sounds really sweet . 
  i 'm 29 and i 've invited my mum to join me at the theatre tonight , just because i know she 'd like the show . 
  it 's lovely to have a good relationship with parents . 
  you know what , sure . 
  i would love to see gorgeous men being used in adverts more . 
  i would love to see the media industry target more things towards women by using men with their shirts off . 
  i would be ecstatic to see men gratuitously being used for their bodies to balance out all of the air brushed , skinny , too-perfect models we get in our faces * every single day * . 
  but it 's not going to happen . 
  for every lovely chris hemsworth taking his shirt off scene we get in action films ( i.e. 
  thor 2 ) , we get scarlett johanssen being dressed in ultra skinny black leather trousers and being asked at film panels what diet she was on during filming . 
  bring on the lewd female gaze , is all i can say . 
  i want more gorgeous male eye candy in my daily life . 
  i * want * things to be targeted at me a bit more , and targeted at men a bit less . 
  let 's bring out the media balance scales . 
  i mean , i guess i 'd do it occasionally as a flirty treat , but my boobs need actual support too . 
  so treat yes , constantly no . 
  definitely look up mike vasich 's * loki * for a great fantasy book on the lives of the norse gods . 
  i live in north essex and work on saturday nights at one of my local pubs . 
  i live in quite a touristy area and there are now four local pubs in my village , plus two members-only clubs with bars . 
  in my pub , the focus definitely seems to be moving more towards food than wet sales . 
  my pub does pretty much everything - b 'n' b , restaurant , bar , events , and on the nights i work it 's definitely getting quieter on drink sales and busier on food service . 
  they were really busy over the bank holiday weekend , and i think the total was just over a thousand meals served in four days . 
  the landlords do put effort into making sure we have a good drink selection and they 've introduced a loyalty card scheme now so the regulars get something like 10 % off everything , which is going down pretty well from what i 've seen . 
  we definitely get less of the going-out crowd and binge drinkers , but my village is quite insular and people often go out on random pub crawls , so sometimes we 'll be crazy busy with drinkers until half twelve and other times it 'll be so dead that we 're all cleaned up by 11 o'clock . 
  it 's really hard to pin it down , but in general it seems to be moving much more towards house parties and the occasional lairy weekend than going out regularly . 
  one central pub in my village closed last year - but to be honest , no one really misses it . 
  it was a total , total dive with a lot of the rougher sort going , and whoever takes it over next is going to have a tough time of it reopening as anything half decent again . 
  the pub/restaurant down the road from us do very well out of their live folk music nights , and the pub on the other side of the village tends to cater more for the cheaper binge drinkers - i hear them coming past my window at 2/3am most weekends . 
  the nearest town * seems * to be pretty constant in its choice of pubs and bars - i think a few have changed hands , but they 're mostly the wine bar sort anyway . 
  i do n't like going to town drinking anyway , so i ca n't much comment on that side of it . 
  i have n't really noticed any change in the local community , no . 
  a few sighs of relief that the hart closed perhaps . 
  we rely a lot generally on the tourist trade , so as long as the summers stay good , then i think places round here will keep afloat for a while longer . 
  robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogy , starting with assassins apprentice . 
  she writes the most wonderful characters . 
  philippa gregory 's * the other boleyn girl * . 
  romantic historical fiction set in tudor england at the court of henry viii . 
  i still think this is her best book and i could read it over and over again . 
  to be perfectly , bluntly honest , she needs to get over herself on this . 
  you will be away for * two weeks * - this is not a big deal . 
  she does not * have * to be with you every single day . 
  be calm and patient with her , go on holiday , stay in touch but do n't indulge her . 
  she just needs to find her big girl panties and pull them right up . 
  she will be fine . 
  personally i 've never gone from friend  relationship . 
  attraction is all or nothing for me , and it just seems to be that instant chemistry lights my torches but slow burning flirtation does n't . 
  i 'm not * that * interested in politics , or political debate , but i 'm of the opinion that my vote is * always * significant , for the simple fact that it makes my voice heard . 
  sure , one drop of water in a full glass does n't look like it makes much difference , but how about one drop of blue food colouring in a clear glass of water ? 
  or two , or three ? 
  one wave in the ocean does n't make much difference , but lots of waves over time erodes cliffs , and carves out rivers through mountains . 
  little things add up . 
  i 'd also make the argument that i vote * because * i 'm a woman , and my great-grandparents did n't always have that option . 
  suffragettes fought for the right of women to vote and we should always honour that . 
  that 's my two pence worth , anyway . 
  with interest . 
  if i do something special for you , please react in any way except anger or apathy . 
  print this post out , read it again , and then tell yourself `` i am better than this relationship . '', 
  you said it yourself , you want to travel !, 
  you want to see the world and do new things and grow and be an amazing , cool young woman who is in a * respectful * , mutually beneficial relationship . 
  you do n't trust him any more . 
  he says he does n't trust you . 
  he does n't want other girls to know he 's in a relationship . 
  he does n't respect you when you 're upset . 
  he leads other girls on . 
  he does n't communicate with you . 
  he shouts at you !, 
  sweetheart , you are * better * than this . 
  do n't let one silly albatross of a boyfriend drag you down from all of the amazing things that you want to do . 
  so really , this post should be `` my girlfriend has completely open trust in me except for one tiny little thing that i 'm freaking out over . '', 
  maybe she 's written down plans for a surprise for you . 
  maybe she 's just written something really intensely personal and is embarrassed about other people seeing it . 
  maybe she 's talking about how some berries she ate made her have really violent diarrhea . 
  seriously , calm down and stop freaking out . 
  she lets you have access to her whole journal , but is keeping one small thing back for herself . 
  if you 've got no reason not to trust her , * stop not trusting her * . 
  i would assume that if she did n't want you to see the page for nefarious reasons , she would just rip it out rather than tell you it was there in the first place , right ? 
  stop jumping to conclusions here . 
  when she gets back if it 's still playing on your mind just bring it up really calmly and ask if there was any particular reason she did n't want you to see it . 
  i 'll bet it was just something really personal with some embarrassing doodles on . 
  stop panicking . 
  you got lucky because that guy sounds like a dick . 
  so he was happy to sleep with you with no strings attached , but as soon as he found out you had slept with * other * guys with no strings attached that was a dealbreaker ? 
  what a charmer . 
  you have not done a single thing wrong . 
  you 've been enjoying your life , staying responsible , keeping your marks up and doing what you want . 
  if he ca n't deal with that , then that 's his problem . 
  you do n't need a therapist , you just need a less judgemental man around . 
  consider yourself well shot of him . 
  and what if she had been in a ten year relationship that had broken up a month before said 40 man gangbang ? 
  i do n't understand the reasoning that says it 's okay for one girl to have had sex a hundred times with one guy , but not once each with twenty guys . 
  drawing things works for me - i remember images much better than i remember text . 
  for instance , in my history revision i 'll be doing about charles i and the civil war . 
  so on a piece of paper i 'll draw out a stick women with ` ooh la la ' , a crucifix and hm above her - that 's henrietta maria , his french catholic wife who parliament was n't happy about him marrying . 
  then i 'll draw a big arrow to a boat and a sad face next to it - that 's the ship tax that charles charged .
