  hope that helps . 
  cormac mclaggen was a bit of an arrogant cock , was n't he ? 
  depends . 
  if i 'm sworn to absolutely secrecy , then i 'll keep it secret . 
  if not , i 'll talk it over with my best friends . 
  i think better when i get someone elses opinion on things , after all - sounding boards helps me make sense of what 's going on . 
  i 've read all of the books but only ever seen about three episodes of series 1 and some small later series clips on youtube . 
  i just do n't have time to sit down and watch it all , and very little inclination to either . 
  a friend of mine had an ( nhs ) surgery appointment booked to reset his broken arm ( which had already been operated on once before ) , but got knocked out of the system by the other newly broken bones arriving . 
  he ended up wasting a day waiting around to be seen . 
  you can understand how it happens but * ugh * that must have been so frustrating . 
  what does `` that '' mean ? 
  a clingy guy ? 
  a one that got away ? 
  a stalker ? 
  someone with a beard ? 
  really . 
  it 's a piece of clothing and she is * twenty four years old * . 
  she needs to grow up and stop getting so jealous over things that other people have given you . 
  you did n't even * date * the girl who gave it to you , so it 's not like something associated with an ex . 
  reinforce to her that it 's a platonic friend who gave you it , you have nothing emotional associated with it , and refusing to give you a hug just because you 're wearing it is far too over the top . 
  uh ... why ? 
  what does michigan have against buffaloed chicken ? 
  yeah , but our accents do n't shut our essential public services down to argue about hospitals . 
   obamacare has nothing to do with hospitals . 
  i know a reasonable amount about the aca , being able to read the internet and international news and all . 
  and i do care , because i have american friends and your healthcare system is ( to us ) obscenely stupid . 
  but i guess that statement pretty much answered your own question about how much coverage this is getting ? 
  / r/askuk ( to answer questions ), 
  / r/relationships, 
  mainly cream as it 's a small room , but it has a dark blue accent wall . 
  in the summer my accessories ( curtains , rug , cushions ) are light blue and in the winter they 're dark red or purple . 
  i was about 14 and great friends with this one girl in the year below me at school . 
  i used to go into her form room at break and lunchtime to do written rpg games because we were massive story time nerds . 
  gradually , i ca n't even remember how , i became friends with another girl in the same year who also used to come into their form room to hang out and we just ended up becoming incredibly close . 
  she 's so down to earth and so wacky at the same time and i can talk to her about absolutely anything . 
  fourteen years later i know she 's always always there for me and i 'm always always there for her . 
  i 'm still good friends with girl 1 too , just not quite on the level as girl 2 . 
  my second best friend lived in the block across from me during first year of uni , and she was so shy !, 
  my new flatmates were on the same course as her so we just kept dragging her out for freshers and nights out and helped bring her out of her shell . 
  i ended up living with her for the next two years , and even though we now live an hour away from each other and she 's off acting in a lot of tours lately she 's still one of my closest , best friends . 
  love both of them to bits . 
  if it 's a common thing for women to say , maybe that says something in itself ? 
  i knew quite a few mature teenage boys when i was 15/16 and looking to date . 
  i also knew a * lot * of immature ones that i would n't touch with a barge pole . 
  i do n't often feel like men and women match up for maturity until the late twenties . 
  i guess i do . 
  never really thought about it !, 
  i suspect a lot of guys fantasies about women involve big boobs too , right ? 
  i always love to hear someone compliment my hair ( as i 'm very particular about it ) or my accessories . 
  i 've had a few shop assistants tell me how cute a certain necklace is and it always makes me smile . 
  i have short hair , so an almond sized amount . 
  i also apply heat protection cream and a straightening serum when i get out of the shower too . 
  he was n't given a choice about you moving in . 
  that 's fine . 
  it 's worked out so far . 
  he now has a choice about your boyfriend moving in and has said no . 
  you ca n't now steamroller him all over again . 
  my dog . 
  i work for my dad , so i can bring our puppy henry into the office and just having him there makes the day like 75 % better . 
  also , tea . 
  * copious * amounts of tea . 
  onion layers !, 
  i 've always thought the mail is vile ( though my mother and i are addicted to reading liz jones ' car crash of a column in the mail on sunday ) , but i really do n't think this has done them any favours . 
  it 's also ( imho ) piggybacking on their horrendous front page about emiliband 's plan to limit the energy companies prices when they claimed we were going to be sent back to the `` socialist 70s '' . 
  i 'm * always * daydreaming . 
  i 've probably stared at people for ages before without even thinking about it . 
  of course i call an ambulance . 
  he 's still a human being . 
  based on the interactions i 'm having with the guy i 'm currently going on dates with :, 
  fuck no . 
  men are bizarre . 
  5 ' 8 '' , 11 stone , hourglass figure ( with big boobs ) and reasonably slender . 
  could always shed a little bit off my stomach , though . 
  morning : small bowl of cereal and a mug of tea, 
  various times throughout the day : more tea , normally darjeeling or earl grey . 
  i 'll have up to 10 cups in any one day . 
  lunch : sandwich , crisps ( or a bag of nuts ) , piece of fruit , chocolate bar, 
  dinner : hot meal , usually something like spag bol , beans on toast or soup . 
  i did diet and count calories a few months ago and it did work but i slacked off with too much reliance on the rather vigorous exercise classes i do . 
  my diet at the moment mostly hangs on ` eat less chocolate ' . 
  i found a lump in my left breast when i was around 20 . 
  i 'm 28 now . 
  it was a pretty obvious thing and it did scare me , especially as my maternal aunt has had a masectomy . 
  i got it checked by the doctor who was very good and took me seriously right away . 
  it ended up that the diagnosis came back that it was a benign lump , but the size of it meant that they recommended removal . 
  i went in for day surgery a week or so later and had it removed without issue and now just have a little scar underneath my nipple . 
  lumps can be so scary and you get all sorts of thoughts running through your head , but at your girlfriends age all kind of weird things can pop up . 
  chances are it 's completely harmless and nothing to worry about . 
  take a deep breath , do n't freak out and panic about all of the worst conclusions . 
  i 'm sure it 'll be fine . 
  benjy the tattered stuffed rabbit now lives in the spare room , and not on my bed seeing as i 'm 28 , but he 's still something that i would always put on my ` to save from a house on fire ' list . 
  i 've had him since i was christened and he 's the ugliest little stuffed animal you 'll meet but i adore him . 
  yes , and i have declined second dates before because i found out the guy has children . 
  i want children some day . 
  that does n't also mean i want to be carer to someone elses children right now . 
  mmmm three or four , i guess . 
  usually i 'm happy on the third go . 
  either that or just sick of posing . 
  i 'm english so i 've never once called anyone ma'am or miss .
