  when i was 18 i went abroad by myself for a summer to be a counsellor and sailing instructor at an american camp . 
  it definitely changed me in huge ways . 
  it gave me responsibility and seniority , and independence in a huge way , which i 'd never had before . 
  it definitely changed me for the better , and set me up for a much more constructive time at university . 
  i 'm sure it formed the basis of adult me , and i 'm so glad i went . 
  i love cheese jokes . 
  what did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror ? 
  what cheese do you use to blindfold a horse ? 
  i love clint/bucky !, 
  as you say , they 're both snarky , have both been brainwashed and are both sharpshooters/snipers . 
  i like how they connect over their trauma , and i especially love when natasha drops into the mix to bash them both around their heads a bit . 
  for me , the absolute essential clint/bucky fic is * i 'll keep you safe here with me * by sara_holmes , who i 'd say is the main flyer for the winterhawk flag . 
  it 's slow burning but perfect , with clint being kidnapped by the winter soldier right after tws , and the two of them trying to figure out their issues whilst road tripping to destroy hydra bases . 
  it 's been thoroughly jossed by aou , of course , and this is more of a fraction hawkeye than canon mcu hawkeye . 
  i love it . 
  hugely recommended . 
  linkao3 ( 1907085 ), 
  for sure !, 
  i 'm just a reccer wanting to share the love . 
  go to weddings . 
  lay in bed . 
  go to the gym . 
  read books for fun instead of for lesson teaching . 
  take my dog to dog shows . 
  prep for my new job in september . 
  move house . 
  maybe go on a few dates ? 
  i ca n't believe you even * had * an argument like that . 
  of course cats and lobsters are different !, 
  i feel daft even having to * type * that sentence . 
  it makes me look better ? 
  it helps my skin look clearer , my eyes look brighter and generally makes me look like a more awake , more professional adult . 
  dogs !, 
  i want at least two dogs when i have a house of my own . 
  i 've always grown up with one around , and i just love how loyal and friendly dogs are . 
  they 're the best . 
  this is a pretty thorough guide . 
  i did front of house at a large recieving house theatre nearby . 
  tied in with my degree , it was an easy job that was well paid with flexible shifts , and i * loved * the people . 
  well , for one thing house size is * much * smaller here in the uk and we live more densely . 
  i 'd love to have an american size house one day , but it 's never going to happen . 
  quality of life is such a broad question though . 
  are there any particular topics you 're curious about ? 
  houses ? 
  health ? 
  transport ? 
  work/life balance ? 
  being sociable ? 
  work/life balance i think depends entirely on the type of job you have ? 
  i 'm a teacher and my balance is completely out of whack - loads of work at home outside of school hours and usually weekends too . 
  my mum is a social worker and she also brings a lot of work home , and i know my brother has to put in a lot of overtime in his engineering job . 
  we 're absolutely always expected to take holiday time though , even to the point where lots of employers will forcefully remind you that you have n't taken your holiday yet and you need to leave your desk for a while . 
  health i think we definitely trump the us - the nhs is great and i do n't know what i 'd do without it . 
  job opportunities depend entirely on where you 're living and what sector you 're in . 
  housing is also vastly cheaper from the midlands upwards . 
  political leanings also depend where you live , but i 'd say south england is generally conservative ( but that 's still very left for yanks ) and north england is much more left leaning ( and practically communist for you lot ) . 
  religion is n't done here and people do n't much like to discuss it . 
  our politicians are certainly very * very * low key religious , if they even have a faith at all . 
  i expect most do n't . 
   the economy is brilliant and will only get better after we leave the eu . 
  no one knows what is going to happen if we vote to leave , so i 'm a bit wary of giving op absolute statements like that . 
  usually about # 35 , which seems quite standard for me for a womens cut and blow dry . 
  no tip on top , it 's not expected over here . 
  i 'm fussy about my hair , more so than my makeup , so i will splash out to get a good cut . 
  i would take what u/michaelx123x is saying with a pinch of salt op . 
  there 's a lot of rhetoric being thrown about with the eu referendum coming up , and what he 's telling you is n't exactly neutral . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i 'm not arguing about either side of the referendum , i was just saying it 's not helpful for op to say things like `` the economy is going to improve if we leave '' when no one actually knows that for certain . 
  we need to add qualifiers onto those kind of statements . 
  my first degree was theatre production , and i worked freelance as an assistant stage manager for several years , including travelling the world and working on a cruise ship . 
  then i went distance learning and got a history degree so i could become a secondary school history teacher . 
  i love it !, 
  i went to a history conference a few weeks ago and it was brilliant to get to geek out with so many other people who are passionate about history and history education . 
  it 's the best subject in the world . 
  no , but i do often wear spanx . 
  nursing , especially an a&e rotation . 
  i get squeamish even hearing about people being injured , let alone dealing with bodily functions every day . 
  apparently it was my childhood aspiration , but today it 's definitely a fuck no . 
  also , accounting . 
  i ca n't deal with numbers all day long . 
  i 'd get way too stressed out . 
  being exclusive . 
  i 'm in the uk , so i did my history degree and graduated last year , and i 'm now a week away from finishing my pgce ( postgrad certificate in education ) which qualifies me to teach . 
  hard work but ridiculous amounts of fun !, 
  the hours are really hard and unsociable , and as i did panto i always worked christmas , but theatre people are the best . 
  the teamwork element made the awful hours more manageable . 
  i always liked getting to work more closely with the actors too , and you really get to know them as people . 
  keep doing school asm/sm work , and try to volunteer for as many positions as you can outside of school if you want to work in the industry . 
  it 's all about networking and getting jobs through your contacts . 
  i did the job while i loved it until i stopped loving it , and i had a total blast . 
  * master and commander * . 
  beautifully shot and acted , and definitely underappreciated . 
  * frost/nixon * . 
  david frost , a young journalist at the start of his career , secures a series of interviews with richard nixon about his time in office . 
  a more intense drama , and the pacing and acting is great . 
  you 're talking about him like a romantic partner , not a friend - and either way , it 's way too clingy . 
  you 're both 18 years old . 
  this is where you start spreading your wings and growing your independence , not clinging to people . 
  you also sound way too codependent . 
  your personal issues are n't his to sort out .
