  when do american weddings start and finish ? 
  sure , i have three ( technically four as its one on each wrist ) . 
  my tattoos are text , as the meaning behind them are more enduring to me than a picture tattoo . 
  i 've had them for about ten years now and love them . 
  even if it was a dumb mistake ( hint : it was n't ) , he made that dumb mistake * three times * , and ended up getting the police called . 
  stop being nice about it !, 
  dustin is arrogant for assuming he took priority over your boyfriend , and a downright little shit for invading your property after you had made boundaries very clear . 
  i 'm not actually sure why you 're not angrier at him . 
  he deliberately ruined your evening and tried to steamroller both you and your boyfriend . 
  nowhere to go ? 
  you need to find places to go . 
  you need to make time . 
  you can not possibly spend your entire weekend , every weekend , cleaning . 
  it 's on you to mix up your life a little , op . 
  no one else is going to do it for you . 
  a couple of years ago i was working full time , studying full time for a new degree and working part time for extra money . 
  even now i 'm in a very demanding job that needs you to take work home . 
  i get it , i do . 
  work takes over . 
  but op , you have to give yourself permission to take breaks too . 
  your body , and your mind , needs relaxation time . 
  you need to take a whole weekend off , book a hotel away for a night or two with your so and just relax . 
  your brain is clearly crying out for a break . 
  your tl : dr is ` teacher hates muslims ' , but you do n't know that . 
  you know her husband is prejudiced , yes , but you have no idea about her views at all . 
  she is allowed to have separate views from her husband , and as a teacher she has additional responsibilities to care equally for all her students . 
  i would hope she sticks to that . 
  maybe make the school aware privately , but i would also say give her the benefit of the doubt for the first couple of weeks . 
  just be aware for what your son might come back and say to you in the meantime . 
  i tend to ask for stuff that i 'd like , but i would n't normally splash the cash for on my own . 
  my parents normally set a budget of # 100-150 for birthdays and christmas and i 'll ask for one big thing in that range . 
  so for my last birthday i asked for a set of group golf lessons . 
  sometimes i 'll ask for west end theatre tickets , or a replacement for a gadget i have like a new sat nav or new tv , or a treat like spa vouchers . 
  something a bit special and out of the ordinary . 
  never . 
  every time i 've got those messages i 've blocked and reported the sender , because ew . 
  how long do you brew for ? 
  regular teabags i only leave in for 30 seconds with maybe one dunk with a spoon . 
  earl grey or darjeeling stay in for a couple of minutes . 
  otherwise , you 're doing fine . 
  oh no , way too much !, 
  5 minutes i would consider stewed , not brewed . 
  hang on : do you put four teabags into a cup and leave it for five minutes ? 
  well , no wonder your tea tastes like shit . 
  you only need one bag !, 
  that one shot where tony looks up at cap after watching the video - god , rdj makes that so * heartbreaking * . 
  you can just feel his betrayal . 
  it 's funny though , because the american class system is totally based on money , whereas ours is really anything but . 
  i 've definitely read class-based questions on here where yanks have talked about moving up or down classes , which really seems bizarre . 
  go to work . 
  go home . 
  go on a date . 
  go to sleep . 
  i 'm english , so it 's just another tuesday to me . 
  secondary history teacher, 
  and it 's so interesting , because sebastian himself says he thinks bucky is lying in that line !, 
  his interpretation is that bucky knows tony wo n't stop , so he 's saying whatever he can to try and get out of the situation and walk away . 
  i really love all the nuance he brings to the character . 
  two hours for marking * what * exactly ? 
  why do you think it only takes two hours ? 
  i 've had two classes of 28 year 10s sit their history mock exams last week , which has four parts to it and three essays . 
  they all need to be marked by this thursday , and i 'm at a history teaching conference this weekend . 
  i 've also got a set of 30 year 9 reports to write by this thursday . 
  year 7 and 8 are also starting to sit their end of year exams . 
  there 's around 28 kids in each class , and i teach 4 classes . 
  they need to be marked by next monday . 
  this is n't just tick and flick , by the way . 
  they need actual written feedback from me in there somewhere so they can do better next time . 
  so that 's six classes worth of essay questions ( 170-ish kids ) plus reports . 
  all due within the next week . 
  oh , and i 've also taken on external marking to earn some extra money , so that 's another 150 a-level exams to mark when i 'm home , due by the 18th . 
  believe me , i would * love * to finish at 4 and only spend two hours total marking . 
  that would be a dream . 
  * i 'm * not setting these dates for exams . 
  these are school mandated exams and the school has given final approval to the date our classes sit the exams . 
  we 've averaged it out through the year for all their other assessments , but now slt tells us ` they sit it over these two weeks and have to have it marked by this date ' . 
  as a teacher , i have absolutely no say in it . 
  i 'm sorry , i must have misheard you . 
  i 'm sure you said taking on extra marking to pay me the money i 've been desperate for all year , being a 32 year old newly qualified teacher on the first rung of the pay ladder , and swanning off to a teaching conference to make me a * better history teacher * who is better at my job and more enthused for the kids . 
  that 's what you meant , right ? 
  it depends . 
  this year has been particularly crazy for my school , as the school have brought in year 7 and 8 for the first time ever . 
  that means completely planning out topics , lessons and termly assessments for two whole years of students . 
  a-levels and gcses have also been overhauled , so we 've been planning all the content and assessments for year 10 and year 13 too . 
  most years would need adapting and improvement of existing content , or sometimes a department may decide to redo a new topic - british empire instead of victorians , for example . 
  this year has just been particularly planning heavy . 
  you definitely get some of the shitty uncaring teenagers in secondary , but my experience is that the majority of kids really like being there , and will work for you . 
  my year 7s and sixth formers are all a total delight to work with . 
  to be fair , you also gave the blanket example of every single primary child enjoying their experience . 
  but all right - my year 9s write pages when i ask for bullet points , have created amazing ww1 trench homework projects and are one of the calmest , hardworking groups i teach . 
  my year 8s are a handful but a total dream at getting involved in debates ( they really love to argue ) , and my year 10s find the topics really hard , but for the most part get in there , get their heads down and work their little gcse socks off . 
  it 's not all roses all the time , but i 'd argue the vast majority of secondary kids do enjoy school and show you that they 're happy to be there . 
  i got a promotion today !, 
  i mean , i * was * the only one going for it , but i 'm still very early in my career and they did n't have to give it to me . 
  it 's extra money next year , so i 'm really chuffed . 
  instead of telling them ` fuck off ' just say `` i do n't want to . '', 
  `` you should date rose ! '', 
  `` i do n't want to . '', 
  `` but why not ? '', 
  `` i do n't want to . '',
