  she wants marriage . 
  if you 're not sure , why are you here ? 
  why are you with her ? 
  if you do n't want to marry her , * do n't be in a relationship with her * . 
  you know this is what she wants . 
  if you want to sleep with other girls , and she knows you want to sleep with other girls , do n't keep her hanging on . 
  it 's not fair . 
  go do your own single thing and let her find a guy who just wants her and no one else . 
  also , moving in after four/five months is generally not a very good idea as far as relationships go . 
  my parents always let my brother and i have little sips of wine from when we were 6 or 8ish , so it was probably that . 
  it 's funny , i suppose . 
  like in most things , my brother and i are total opposites . 
  he loves his rum and beers and drinks quite a lot , whereas the most i 'll have is a small glass of wine or a spritzer mayyyybe once a week . 
  i 'll been drunk loads of times before but never paralytic , and i know my limits . 
  as far as the household goes , we always have chilled lager , cider , prosecco or wine in the fridge to have with meals and sometimes i 'll mix a pimms or a gin and tonic for my mum and i to share , so we 're pretty relaxed about it all . 
  i think they always just tried to make alcohol no big deal for us as kids , so i never felt pressured to get roaringly drunk if i did n't want to . 
  i 'll just add a caveat that we 're english , so pub culture and general drinking seems to be more relaxed over here as a whole . 
  at uni we 'd frequently have production meetings in the pub and spend the whole afternoon there . 
  some companies might have blocked incoming international calls in case of fraud , which might be why you 're having luck with the london number ( 0207 ) but not the ipswich number ( 01473 ) . 
  * god * yes . 
  yup . 
  i 'm on dianette for my skin , with the added contraceptive benefits thrown in . 
  it works pretty well for me . 
  i had * such * a weird one last night . 
  it was partly about two characters i write stories about , except everything looked all kind of green , one character had a massive curly wig on and they were in a garden with a really long list of ... something . 
  then it changed so i was at my gymnastics class , but i was n't doing gymnastics and one of the coaches there was painting ( most ) of my toenails white with red cartoon characters on , except for some reason she did all the left foot and only a couple on the right foot . 
  except i was happy about that and was showing it off to people . 
  and then i think i woke up . 
  it was just bizarre . 
  nope , totally sober !, 
  i do n't smoke , had n't had anything to drink , had n't even had any chocolate or cheese for once . 
  just ... really really weird . 
  the most i will do is google someone and only once we 've been on a date or two . 
  i looked at a guys linkedin before to find out more about his job or where he worked , and i 've had a quick browse for facebooks before , but digging for any more than the most obvious information starts stepping boundaries for me . 
  if you can find out any more about a person than a potential employer could , that 's getting weird . 
  it 's definitely not sweet . 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's personal and subjective , and depends on so many things . 
  how old is the person , for example ? 
  ten partners might ` feel ' too many for a sixteen year old , but what about a thirty five year old ? 
  what if they had been married for twelve years to one person and then had an ` i 'm free ! ', 
  single sex spree and slept with nine people in a row after the divorce ? 
  or twenty people ? 
  twenty one partners might seem a lot for said thirty five year old , but for someone who might have been sexually active since , say , seventeen , that 's technically still only just over one person a year - once every ten months or so by my chronically bad calculations . 
  anyway , i do n't believe in measuring numbers . 
  it 's all relative and subjective and arbitrary . 
  as long as we 're monogamous , his attention is all about me and there 's no yummy stis swimming around i really do n't much care . 
  unlikely . 
  they 'll probably charge you more for an early release than you 'd save by switching part term . 
  just wait until the next renewal and enjoy the ( slightly ) reduced rate . 
  a succinct `` bugger '' tends to work for me in most situations of that calibre . 
  if you want to have a second wedding i think you should have a second wedding . 
  it 's your money , your party and your life . 
  go have fun !, 
  make the day you 've always wanted and get a great photographer to remember it all . 
  scarves !, 
  i have so many massive thick woolly scarves that are just so cosy and cute . 
  i live in them when the weather gets cool . 
  wool jumpers , tailored autumn coats and a gorgeous pair of heavy equestrian - style boots are all my favourite autumn/winter wear staples . 
  only on tuesdays . 
  british bank accounts are notoriously difficult to open for travellers/immigrants , as the banks require proof of address statements like a gas bill or council tax bill , which obviously you wo n't have in the first week . 
  i 'm not sure if proof of accommodation from whatever uni you 're going to might work . 
  some universities also have little bank branches on their campus who might well be able to help you open an account . 
  an easier option might be opening an account with bank of america while you 're still home as they have a partnership arrangement with barclays bank here in the uk . 
  it 'll help you avoid transfer fees and will mean you can access your money at barclays cashpoints around the uk without any fuss . 
  honestly , he might be telling you one thing ; he loves you , he wants to be with you , your love is real and true - but he 's actually * doing * the total opposite . 
  he 's going back to his family and back to his kids , and just leaving you in the lurch . 
  of course he wants you hanging around , you 're a great opportunity for devoted sex on the side whilst telling his wife he 's working things out with her . 
  i bet the line about ` not wanting to stress her out ' with the divorce is total crap as well - what , moving out and having a svelte girlfriend for all nine months of her pregnancy while the wife got massive and hormonal is n't stressful enough ? 
  look at his * actions * , not his words . 
  op , i do n't know you but you 're better than a second option . 
  you 're better than ` just wait around for me ' . 
  why would you put your life on hold for someone who apparently has absolutely no problem with being consistently deceitful to his mistress and his wife ? 
  you 're clearly a smart girl , otherwise you would n't be questioning his motives . 
  he does n't love you . 
  you 're a convenient option that 's now being left behind . 
  you are * so much better * than this guy . 
  break up with him , block his number and go find someone who will make you a priority , not a backup . 
   she 's bi , and i let her know that i knew that there was a part of me that i thought would n't be able to sate her attraction for the same sex , so if she wanted to let off some steam , she was more than welcome to ,, 
  just because she 's bi does n't mean she wants to shag everything that moves , op . 
  when she asked you about her ex coming to town , what she actually meant was `` are you bothered by a recent romantic attachment being in our local vicinity ? 
  '' , not `` by the way , jane is popping by , mind if we go have sex somewhere since she has boobs ? '', 
  but has she * asked * to be able to have sex with girls , or have you just assumed ? 
  i know you think you 're being nice and considerate of her feelings , but it 's a weird kind of permission you 're giving out here . 
  on one hand you 're saying `` i do n't want to restrict you '' which is really nice , but it 's also giving out the message of `` i do n't care what you do '' , which probably makes her think -- well -- that you do n't care . 
  the vast majority of british schools have a uniform , some more obscure than others . 
  mine was always more relaxed , just a black skirt , blue shirt and blue sweatshirt but my brother was at a different school and had the full blazer , shirt and tie regalia . 
  i always liked my uniform ; it showed i was a member of that particular school ( which had a very good reputation ) , it meant i did n't have to worry about showing my ` style ' every day , and taking it off at the end of the day always signalled time to play rather than time to work . 
  christs hospital school has this [ rather unusual uniform ] ( http://www.adp-architecture.com/img/projects/chmp/christshospital_exterior_4.jpg ) for [ both boys and girls ] ( http://cdn.thedistrictpost.co.uk/news/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/web-christs-hospital1.jpg ) that has n't changed since its tudor founding . 
  as the school says on its website , `` in recent years pupils have been given the opportunity to complete a survey to find out their opinions of their iconic tudor uniform and the results have been overwhelmingly positive . '', 
  eton and harrow both have their students wear [ morning suits ] ( http://sisterbrotherstyle.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/eton440.jpg ) on certain days . 
  it gives you an identity , and i like that . 
  we do have some sports teams , but it 's nowhere near as big as the american school version . 
  school sports is always seen as quite hobbyish and amateur - just something to fill the after school time slot rather than something big and important and cool . 
  our universities do n't really offer scholarships , so there 's not that pressure to excel at sport , either . 
  it mostly all boils down to the very british sentiment of ` do n't try too hard ' . 
  do n't be a swot , do n't be a sports star , do n't be too much of anything . 
  be modest . 
  we like underdogs , not big stars and that all starts from school age . 
  the scottish system is certainly very different - i think they do standard exams , then move on to highers , and finish school at 17 whereas in england we finish at 18 .
