  it wo n't do you any favours to look down on other people just because they like different things from you . 
  what makes someone fake or superficial ? 
  pretending to like a band when you 're a ` real ' fan ? 
  in the end , that is n't going to matter - when you 're an adult , you realise that the fact you both like the band is the important part . 
  but , to be fair , irritating people are always going to be irritating . 
  you just learn to tune them out . 
  a few !, 
  i have new dreams i 'm working towards now , though . 
  talk to everyone . 
  accept every invitation . 
  when you 're interviewing for a job , be nice to the receptionist . 
  buy the best clothes you can - they will last you . 
  do n't give up on them !, 
  just realise other new dreams and ambitions will turn up , too . 
  i went to an all girls school , and i just made friends with the guys who were friends with my other girl pals . 
  connections , yo . 
  definitely !, 
  just keep chugging on and roll with the punches . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  not at all - but on the flip side , i do regret not trying as hard as i could have done in some classes . 
  i look at my exam results now and think `` i could have aced all of those , you know . '', 
  your teachers just want you to do the best you can and to go all the places they want you to go . 
  depends on what you mean by sacrificing your freedom . 
  plenty of people work freelance and get to make their own days without doing the 9-5 . 
  working full time and earning money gives you the ability to have more freedom to do exactly what you want and go exactly where you want to go , when you want to go there . 
  but yes , growing up is always worth it . 
  have pizza , drink wine , catch up on gossip , laugh a lot . 
  the same as we always did when we were teenagers . 
  i make the effort to stay in touch . 
  a text here , a facebook message there , a party invite every so often . 
  i 've had one very close friend from uni just stop answering any of my messages , so i do n't bother trying to contact her now . 
  on the other hand , i also had n't seen a close friend for three years , went to visit her last month for a week and it was like we 'd never been apart . 
  you just have to keep reaching out , constantly . 
  the good friends will reach back . 
  i would , but i need to buy lunch . 
  put it this way - when you grow up , it becomes much easier to realise what you do n't want to do , even if you 're not sure what you do want to do . 
  you become more picky about what suits you , and i guess that ends up being your ` purpose ' . 
  better . 
  closer . 
  more relatable . 
  we argue in nice , conversational ways now , and i realise when i 'm still stomping around like a teenager and can correct myself to be a nice person again rather than sulking in a funk for the rest of the day . 
  you get used to it . 
  the nice thing is that you can fill your free time with anything you want , and no one can come along and tell you it 's a waste of time doing [ x ] and you 'd be better off doing [ y ] . 
  if you want to slob around instead of going to the gym , that 's totally cool . 
  if you 'd rather go to the gym than slob around , it 's all your choice . 
  it 's nice . 
  you make time for what you want to do . 
  if it 's important , you 'll prioritise it . 
  for instance , this year i 've been working two jobs , studying full time for a new degree in the evenings and on weekends , going to gymnastics classes , doing dog shows , doing french classes on duolingo and seeing friends . 
  all of those things are important to me , so i fit them in . 
  if you love playing guitar that much , make time for it !, 
  do n't just drop in front of the tv when you come home from work ; do an hours guitar practice . 
  it 's harder to fit it in being an adult because there are n't any more after school clubs to just go and practise . 
  it 's all about self motivation . 
  if you love it , make time for it . 
  live your own life !, 
  your grandparents ca n't do your living for you . 
  if you think you would n't suit university , or the career you want to do wo n't need a degree , then do n't go . 
  there are plenty of successful people who have never earned a higher qualification . 
  if you can get on to an apprenticeship scheme or a young training scheme with a company , then do that and work your way up the ranks debt free . 
  but if you want to do something that looks like it 'll need a degree , then go to uni . 
  not in the slightest . 
  it gets much better than how i thought my life would be . 
  my twenties have been fucking awesome , and i never planned any of it . 
  it can be . 
  mostly it 's just ordinary , but it depends what you 're doing . 
  i 've had deathly dull days at work and i 've had ridiculously exciting , fast paced days at work that i 've loved . 
  more of the latter comes along when you 're doing what you * want * to do rather than something you think you * have * to do . 
  so , so true . 
  it 's all about a ) who you know , and b ) being in the right place at the right time . 
  travel . 
  hobbies . 
  learning new things . 
  being in your twenties is still considered young now , so make the most of it !, 
  i 've never been so busy before , and i 'm 29 . 
  i 'm definitely not ` settled ' in the slightest . 
  vaguely , and mostly with annoyance . 
  he was an idiot . 
  it 's not bad - but in five or ten years you 're going to look back at those report cards and think `` god , i could have done so much better . '', 
  you 'll be disappointed in yourself for not putting in the effort you could have done to your studies . 
  who are you trying to impress by getting just passable grades ? 
  your friends ? 
  they do n't care . 
  you 're never going to have any time in your life when so many people ( your teachers , your parents ) are this involved in getting you to succeed . 
  take advantage of it . 
  at some point , life does become about being comfortable . 
  i value sleeping in a comfortable hotel bed rather than a cramped hostel bunk , even though the hostel would give me more of a ` journey ' . 
  i tried for my dreams , achieved them , and then they changed along the way . 
  that 's totally fine . 
  exactly . 
  they all want you to do well . 
  if you do n't understand something , ask !, 
  i promise , teachers want their students to ask questions and to do as well as possible . 
  you 're the only one you are letting down by not putting the effort in . 
  you can do so well if you just try . 
  you just learn better tactics for ignoring them . 
  or you learn to be polite , nod along , and then laugh about it with your colleagues when they leave the room . 
  i 've never lost all of my old friends . 
  it just becomes a bit harder to arrange meeting up with them , is all . 
  it 's not really a case of just distributing applications like confetti .
