  i 'm not sure what that 420 bit means , but i 'm from the uk so maybe it 's something that does n't quite translate . 
  420 to me means a boat . 
  just bear in mind not everyone will understand acronyms . 
  also , i like that you say people first notice your blue eyes , and then your main picture shows how blue your eyes are . 
  it 's a nice tie in . 
  i was about to suggest * temeraire * too - it 's a great series !, 
  the characters are incredibly likeable and naomi novik does a really good job mixing history and fantasy together . 
  i did n't . 
  i went to uni in scotland and it was three years got you a ba , four years got you a ba ( hons ) . 
  hardly anyone did four years . 
  according to the ou at least , your new undergrad qualification needs to be a higher class than your old one . 
  for instance , i 'm eligible to apply for a loan for my october ou modules because my old degree was a ba and this will be a ba ( hons ) . 
  but i do n't think there 's much in place at all for postgrads . 
  i know there 's talk of the government changing that , but we 're sod out of luck for now . 
  the only eggs left that i could find on saturday afternoon were a shelf full of ` true meaning of easter ' eggs with the jesus story as a ` fun ' comic strip inside . 
  everything else bar one overpriced quality street egg had been cleared out . 
  i know , i 'm the same !, 
  out of curiosity , have you looked at the ou ? 
  each of their modules is # 2500 - still a lot , but less than other unis and they 're very very good . 
  they have a pay as you go option too , so you would n't need to pay the module fee all at once . 
  i love the course i 'm doing right now and get loads of support from them . 
  it 's almost lunch time and you have me craving a full english . 
  especially fried bread dunked in beans ... 
  there 's a great bbc series on the development of the household called ` history of the home ' , narrated by lucy worsley . 
  there are four episodes focused on the bedroom , kitchen , living room and bathroom , and it 's incredibly interesting to see how they develop . 
  i love naomi novik 's * temeraire * series , which is set during the napoleonic wars with the addition of dragons as an early royal air corps . 
  it 's both well-researched historical fiction and great fantasy and i think her characters are particularly wonderful to follow . 
  karen miller 's godspeaker series . 
  now , i love km 's mage series - absolutely tore through them and loved all the characters . 
  but no matter how much i tried , i just could not make my way through even a third of the first book . 
  i think my problem was really the world building , where pretty much everything revolved heavily around religion and had the prefix ` god ' to it . 
  they went to the godhouse and saw the godman and touched the godpost and threw things in the godbin . 
  every . 
  single . 
  sentence . 
  it drove me absolutely * nuts * . 
  i have a second job at a pub on the weekends and a few weeks ago the landlady threw a charity party to celebrate being 5 years clear from breast cancer . 
  all proceeds were going to the breast cancer care unit at our local hospital . 
  during the night i went up to my landlady and quietly told her i 'd like to donate my nights wages ( 6 hours at uk minimum wage ) to the funds they were raising . 
  she was extremely touched and thanked me very kindly but i did n't tell any of the other staff . 
  it was my own personal good deed for the day . 
  i used to have three artistic green squares painted vertically on one wall of my room . 
  they 're not there anymore , but i quite liked the idea of three squares as a name . 
  go me with the vowel-guessing !, 
  iced tea is the devil . 
  my oklahoma friend made me try it once when i was over there . 
  it was like my good cup of earl grey had been left out too long , gone murky cold and then someone had dumped five sugars in it . 
  revolting . 
  she is now under oath never ever ever to offer it to me again . 
  that medieval doctors had quite a unique system of deciding whether someone would live or die . 
  john mirfield , a priest and advisor at st bartholomew 's hospital suggested making that decision based on `` the name of the patient , the name of the messenger sent to summon you , and the name of the day upon which the messenger first came to you ; join all their letters together , and if an even number result , the patient will not escape ; if the number be odd , he will recover . '', 
  also , our idea that going outside with wet hair gives you a cold derives from the ancient greek ideas of the humours being out of balance . 
  oh yeah , i 've heard it before plenty of times , especially when i worked on a cruise ship and had to talk to american passengers a lot . 
  `` threesquares , you 're british !, 
  awesome !, 
  so am i ! '', 
  whereabouts are you from ? '', 
  `` well * i 'm * not british , but my grandfather/apocryphal relation was ! '', 
  `` so ... you 're not actually british then . '', 
  `` yeah i am ! '', 
  `` uh ... okay . '', 
  it really does sound like you 're doing everything right , which is why i get that you 're so frustrated !, 
  it sucks to follow all the advice and still not get anywhere - in fact , it 's probably worse than doing nothing and getting nothing back . 
  the only real advice i can give you is to perhaps tap the network of friends you have . 
  do your friends know you 're looking to date ? 
  you 'd be amazed who people know who you 'd never otherwise get to meet . 
  broadcast it to them ; just say `` hey mate , got any cute single friends you think i 'd do well with ? '', 
  they might know a co-worker or two looking for a date . 
  otherwise just keep talking to people , keep making friends , keep doing all the sorts of things you enjoy and make you feel good about yourself . 
  confidence is sexy !, 
  i 'd also recommend * the farseer trilogy * , which then follows into the * tawny man trilogy * by robin hobb . 
  wonderful books !, 
  i adore my kindle too , i have to say . 
  i still make an effort to go in and buy from my favourite local book store who have the most amazing fantasy section , but i am always picking up my kindle and reading bits and pieces wherever i am . 
  i 'm pretty sure i buy and read even more books now than i did before !, 
  and [ another one here ] ( http://i7.photobucket.com/albums/y281/mearimydra/msmithbodyguard_zpsda65fe74.jpg ) of a close up of his costume . 
   if they do n't want to meet in a few messages , move on . 
  really , i had one guy who emailed for three weeks - and he lives five miles away !, 
  at this point , i would pull the plug much more quickly . 
  you have no idea how you 'll feel about each other until you meet in person . 
  ugh so true !, 
  i messaged one guy for a week or two who seemed really nice , but whenever i tried to arrange a time or date to meet for a drink he 'd keep asking for my number to talk on the phone . 
  i do n't want to chit chat on the phone , i want to meet !, 
  i ended up dropping off and not returning his messages in the end . 
  exactly the same on my way to and from work every day . 
  it is the most frustrating drive when the forty-hogs are trundling along . 
  from my understand funding is much much more limited for postgrads than it is for undergrads . 
  you might be able to get funding in place through your uni or bursaries that it offers . 
  from the [ student finance england ] ( http://www.sfengland.slc.co.uk/full-time-study/new-students/are-you-eligible.aspx#your-course ) site : ( i 'm assuming you 're in england ), 
  to be eligible for student finance your course should lead to one of the following qualifications :, 
  first degree , such as a bachelor of arts , science or education ( ba , bsc or bed ), 
  foundation degree, 
  certificate of higher education, 
  diploma of higher education ( diphe ), 
  higher national certificate ( hnc ), 
  higher national diploma ( hnd ), 
  you 'll also usually qualify if you 're studying one of the following courses :, 
  initial teacher training, 
  the further training of youth and community workers, 
  ** further education and postgraduate courses do n't qualify for standard student finance - apart from special cases , like certain postgraduate courses of initial teacher training **,
