i 've just finished studying chapters on the move between catholicism and protestantism in england so i might be able to help a bit . 
  the premise of the question does n't quite work , in that catholicism was the dominant religion in england basically up until the reformation sparked by henry viii and his split from rome . 
  there 's a great passage by a man called roger martyn from long melford church in suffolk talking about his religious rituals of the year , and it 's a very specifically ` catholic ' tone in that it talks about ritual processions and particularly catholic art and relics in the church such as rood lofts . 
  even then , protestantism did n't really take hold until edward vi and archbishop cramner 's protestant prayerbook in 1549 . 
  mary i pushed back for catholicism when she came to power ( poor old cranmer was burned at the stake ) , and then elizabeth i came along , who was protestant but more of a uniformist politician than a fervent supporter like her sister . 
  it was only under elizabeth 's rule that protestantism was solidified as the religion of the church of england with the act of uniformity and the thirty nine articles , but essentially it still held some catholic core . 
  in fact richard hooker ( 1554-1600 ) argued that the church of england was actually still a renamed version of the pre-reformation catholic church . 
  by the time the gunpowder plot came along in 1605 , england had already seen foxe 's book of martyrs in 1563 and the invasion of the spanish armada in 1588 , so anti-catholic tensions were running high already and splinter groups like jesuits and other catholic conspirators took advantage of that to do things like the gunpowder plot . 
  i 'm sure someone more knowledgeable about jesuits will be able to come along and give you more specific information , but i 'd make the argument that the jesuits were more about pushing back to return to more catholic worship that ` infiltrate ' it in the first place . 
  ( source ; john wolffe , open university course aa100 textbook ` tradition and dissent in english christianity ' , 2008 ) . 
  i went and did theatre production at a piddling little drama school in edinburgh that hardly anyone has heard of , but just made sure that i got loads of work experience all the way through ( which was heavily encouraged by the uni ) and had an industry-appropriate job lined up before i 'd finished my degree . 
  i loved my time there and had a blast - as long as you 're enjoying where you are and what you 're doing , keep on keeping on . 
  if you 're not enjoying it and your tutors are n't supportive , that 's the time to consider leaving . 
  right now it 's not the name of the uni or even necessarily the name of the course you 're doing , it 's how much practical experience of work you have behind you that will impress employers . 
  get as much work as you can in your area , even if it 's just a week or two . 
  you never know what contacts you 'll make and what they 'll lead to . 
  good luck !, 
  i only reply once or twice a day too and i 'm not ` out of contact ' , i 'm just busy . 
  even my best friends only get a few texts back and forth a day if we get into a conversation . 
  i 'd rather have one or two well thought out , long messages than sixteen one liner texts anyway . 
  yeah , as a straight girl i 'd definitely agree with this - i 'm nervous about messaging bi guys because i 'm like `` well - what if a hot looking guy comes along who 'd they rather be with instead ? '', 
  it does n't really make that much sense because i 'm not scared of dating a bi girl in case a hot guy also comes along , and i 'm not scared of the person having had variously-gendered partners before . 
  in fact , that 's quite hot . 
  but i am scared of future inclinations as to who they want to date . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm interested :d, 
  inquisitive , active , cultured , chatty, 
  first things first , i wish you were n't across the pond from me , because you have a fabulous profile . 
  i particularly love your ` first things people notice ' section - i was mentally getting closer to you already . 
  how you doin ' ? 
  ahem . 
  appropriate adjectives : liberal , inquisitive , confident , organised , adventurous . 
  cultured , uncertain , dreamy , whimsical , intense, 
  my first impulse to say it 's that an irrational fear . 
  i guess with the ` guy going for another woman ' scenario thing , it 's a known entity . 
  i know what other women are like and where my strengths or faults lie . 
  i can say okay , so she 's more of a gym bunny than me but i have bigger boobs and read more books . 
  so obviously i 'm the better catch , i do n't have to worry about her . 
  but with a gay guy , it feels more unknown . 
  i do n't understand the way men work well enough to know where i stand in the scheme of things . 
  it 's probably still a bit irrational because at least dating a bi guy we could both say `` oh yeah , that guy is really hot '' , but if i suppose if your attention was caught by that other guy , i 'd feel like i would n't really know how to turn it back to my advantage . 
  also , it 's probably part of the whole `` oh my god , he dated me and went off of women entirely ! '', 
  thing that you hear about guys who come out as gay later in life . 
  no one wants to be the partner who ` turns ' someone , you know ? 
  creative , cultured , literate , adventurous , historically-inclined . 
  competitive !, 
  i like that . 
  i definitely am , but out of curiosity what exactly from my profile gave you that impression ? 
  lackadaisical ? 
  interesting !, 
  was it the ` starting things and not finishing them ' line that gave that impression ? 
  thanks for the glance-over ( :, 
  seriously . 
  she 's 87 , was just in hospital with freaking gastroentiritis and she 's just gone back to work . 
  that lady does not ever stop . 
  huge mad props . 
  tonnes more than most other 87 year olds for a start . 
  come on . 
  she stood up , on a boat on the thames , in the pouring rain for six hours last summer , and she spends pretty much every day in functions , meetings or on a plane going somewhere . 
  how many other 87 year olds can physically ( and mentally ! ), 
  do everything she does ? 
  i fell for all of her characters in the farseer / tawny man trilogies , so i 'd always recommend them to start , beginning with assassins apprentice . 
  there is some overlap in liveship traders and you can go assassins - liveship - tawny man once you really get into it , but it 's not necessary . 
  i did n't enjoy liveship as much , but that 's just personal preference . 
  bonus : the museums are ( pretty much ) all free in london , so you can wander in and out of them as you please . 
  my favourite is the imperial war museum and i try and go whenever i 'm in town . 
  there is a ridiculous amount of things to do in london that we could recommend - have you got any particular interests to help narrow it down a bit ? 
  agreed - i always make sure i 'm pointing my toes when i kick up , because it seems to squeeze everything else and make my handstand more likely to succeed . 
  yeah ... for me it kinda does . 
  i mean , i can basically sum it up as `` i have no car , no job and i sit alone in my room writing poetry and playing my guitar . '', 
  which -- great , but potential dates will probably want to know that you do get out in the world and do things sometimes . 
  you clearly like travelling , so where have you been ? 
  what exercise do you do ? 
  add more points in there like that and you should be fine . 
  it 's not a bad profile by any means , it 's just comes across as quite solitary . 
  no worries . 
  the outdoor pursuits bit you added in definitely lifted the tone !, 
  much better . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  seriously , how on earth did you get from callitparadise 's answer into ` clearly she was co-erced into sex as a teenager and now guilt trips every one else about it because she 's guilty about it ' ? 
  it is ridiculous and completely hypocritical for the op to choose who he dates based on whether they 've had sex or not , especially when he 's had sex himself . 
  virginity happens precisely once , and then it 's gone . 
  done . 
  finished . 
  and then what do you have - two non-virgins practising having really good sex together . 
  i know which i 'd prefer . 
  he 's talking crap . 
  of course you have standards when deciding who you want to be in a relationship with , but putting such a heavy emphasis on something that statistically most people lose when they 're 16 is naive . 
  how would you feel if a girl said to you `` sorry , i ca n't be with you because you 're not a virgin ? '', 
  it 's a ridiculous reason to put the brakes on what could be a great relationship . 
  in the end , no one needs to know your ` number ' except you . 
  your future girlfriend does n't even need to know it , and you do n't need to know theirs . 
  history is history . 
  come to terms with it , move on and go out on dates with these cool people that you like without the stress of whether they 've been in bed with someone else or not . 
  in a few years it wo n't even matter anymore . 
  look . 
  dude . 
  i am emotional about virginity because it means precisely fuck-all . 
  it means nothing , and there is so much pressure on people to ` stay innocent ' and ` preserve themselves ' that you get people like the op blaming his girlfriend ( first , might i note ) and then blaming himself for something that your hormones drive you into . 
  and , by the way , how does `` it would be hypocritical if op wanted to only date virgins and have sex with them '' and `` he obviously wants to remain celibate with a virgin girl until a later time '' not mean * exactly the same thing * ?
