  white rioja . 
  my biggest one is quality time , which is really true - i always just need to spend time with the people i love and get one on one attention from them . 
  the next two biggest were physical touch and words of affection , and i got the same score for both of them . 
  i hate playing games . 
  like , really hate it . 
  and that book sounds like one big game . 
  i much prefer straight forward talking - the guy i 'm dating at the moment just asked me out for dinner in one message and that was that . 
  i 'll pay for my own things on a date , i 've phoned him first and texted him first and i 'll damn well rush into sex if i fancy the pants off of him ( which i do ) . 
  also , i hate how the last part is like ** listen to us and follow us or else p.s. 
  do n't tell anyone you 're doing this ** . 
  uh , do n't discuss them with your therapist ? 
  what ? 
  i hardly ever change my laptop one , but my office one i change each month . 
  [ smashing magazine ] ( http://www.smashingmagazine.com ) do a monthly ` submit your own wallpapers ' blog , and you get some amazing ones through it . 
  right now my september one is a cool pirate design that looks like this : http://goo.gl/qr0mf2, 
   i want him to be happy , but i 'm afraid this may lead to my unhappiness . 
  clue : you 're already unhappy , because he 's dicking you around . 
  let him go have this nsa sex he 's clearly desperate for - it 'll be so much easier when he 's single - and go find yourself someone who 's interested in * you * . 
  merchant fees , basically . 
  the card companies charge merchants every time they take a card transaction , hence the minimum payment requirement so that they do n't take a loss on small amounts . 
  amex charges more so a lot of places turn it down to avoid having to take on those fees . 
  right now it would be an hour long back , neck and shoulders massage . 
  i 'm getting a bit desperate !, 
  i know , right ? 
  i just checked the nearest spa to me and i could get a swedish full body massage for an hour for forty five quid . 
  thanks grandma !, 
  i keep replaying this actually . 
  when i was at school i persuaded my teacher to play some of a star trek : voyager episode for the history class because part of the episode was set in ww2 france and i thought it could be useful . 
  or informative . 
  except for the big scaled aliens running around with laser guns , of course . 
  it was just the most nerdy thing i could possibly have done and it 's so embarrassing . 
  oh my god that 's hilarious and crucifyingly embarrassing all at the same time . 
  poor you !, 
   getting in touch with her father is not an option, 
  quite bluntly , it ** has ** to be an option . 
  you are both sixteen years old , you can not handle this pressure by yourselves . 
  she needs responsible adults to help take care of her and give her the professional support she is clearly so desperate for . 
  you have to have your own life back . 
  honestly , i 'm sure her father would rather find out that she had been having a secret relationship than find out that she had committed suicide because of depression . 
  how do you think he would feel if she did that , and he found out that you knew and did n't inform him ? 
  write him a letter . 
  call him on the phone . 
  do it any way you like . 
  but do it * today * . 
  do n't forget the immigrant horror stories . 
  benefit stealing scroungers are the expresses bread and butter . 
  that 's a bit rude , is n't it ? 
  how would you feel if she told you `` well you 're never going to get the guys you fancy , so do n't bother trying '' ? 
  maybe she 'll surprise you and hook one after all . 
  i love / u/rachellybean 's breakfast idea . 
  alternatively , just grab a beer for dutch courage when they 're all hanging out and go join them !, 
  all you need to say is `` taking a break from all that studying , do you guys mind if i join you ? '', 
  and just sit down with them . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be cool - just because your housemate has already made friends with them does n't mean their friendship circle is complete and closed off . 
  the more the merrier !, 
  the beer will help you relax , and once that first step is done it 'll be much easier to do it again . 
  she 's twenty six years old . 
  she really can handle her own love life . 
  if she keeps getting rejected by men she 's chasing then that 's * her * problem , and i 'm sure she 'll decide in the end whether she wants to keep putting in the effort or change her targets . 
  can you just go by the third party of your parents to talk about it ? 
  `` hey , it felt a bit off that i did n't get to see brother 's engagement . 
  do you know what happened ? '', 
  maybe they 'll have a little more insight into what he was thinking or why he excluded you . 
  i 'm sure it was n't maliciously done . 
  `` no thank you . 
  go watch some porn . '', 
  seriously . 
  i 'm not for sharing . 
  8.30 pm is dinner time . 
  i 'd order some snacky bits , too . 
  it 's not like we 're going from some dive to a michelin star restaurant , so i really do n't think the term ` upgrade ' works here . 
  look , if you do n't want to pay , you really do n't have to . 
  just say `` go halves ? '', 
  and put your own twenty down on the table . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  sleep , watch tv , make endless cups of tea , dick around on the internet , sleep . 
  i 'm exactly the same . 
  i do n't get sick very often , but when i do it knocks me the fuck out . 
  i do n't function for about three days . 
  i have no clue . 
  i do n't remember . 
  penis size means nothing to me . 
  i do remember what their abs looked like , though . 
  take from that what you will . 
  ugh alcohol at breakfast ? 
  no thanks . 
  at least leave it until lunch time . 
  i 'll do a pub lunch with a mixer or half a cider , but definitely no earlier than that . 
  mulled syrup works perfectly with cider , too . 
  heavenly in the winter . 
  nudity is not always sexual . 
  sex is not always about nudity , either . 
  i think you need to spend some time really thinking about the two and separating them , because there are lots of fine lines in life involving the two . 
  what if you two have children in the future and she decides to breastfeed in public ? 
  that 's a boob on display in a very un-sexy way . 
  others have given you some really good advice already , but maybe it 's worth arranging to go to an art gallery with your girlfriend and have a look at other painted or sketched nudes ? 
  or there are lots of coffee table art books of the nude that you can buy . 
  have a look at renaissance nudes and modern nudes and really * look * at how the human body is really portrayed . 
  artistic nudity is not about pornography - it 's about muscle and skin , and light and texture . 
  this is not a bad and terrible thing that she 's doing - maybe you should try and explore it with her instead .
