  it 's so petty . 
  no chance . 
  they have n't cast anyone , and aou is in the final stage of post production . 
  there wont be any time to make cast additions at this late stage . 
  they 've got an agreement , i doubt they 're in any rush to suddenly stick a cameo in for the sake of it . 
  two . 
  one pair is maroon and more jegging style , one is standard blue denim skinny mid-rise . 
  i live in my jeans until they split , pretty much . 
  this is n't about what gender goth is . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  it 's about the fact that your ex listened to you say you were uncomfortable about the arrangement and steamrollered over you anyway . 
  he prioritised his wants over yours and refused to listen to his partner . 
  whether goth is designated female or male does n't really matter . 
  you broke it off for the right reasons . 
  filming is * done * . 
  let it go . 
  it 's not like they can just whip out a camera and sound crew from storage , stick a glove on someone , scribble out a scene in ten minutes , film it and edit it in to be a totally natural part of aou . 
  have a bit of patience here . 
  spidey will turn up in good time . 
  people still do chat rooms ? 
  how 2001 . 
  i stick to forums like reddit . 
  okay , first of all i would say take advantage of being at uni first ( unless you 're at a very very small campus like i was ) , because that 's where you 're going to find the most guys around your age with common interests and inclination to fwb it up . 
  second , do n't overthink it . 
  you 're way overthinking it . 
  i go from on site messaging to in person meetings reasonably quickly , because i hate hanging around . 
  i usually give it three or four messages each before i suggest a date . 
  i 've also found that i seem to be the one suggesting a date 95 % of the time because british men are rubbish at doing that . 
  seriously . 
  it drives me nuts . 
  you also get a completely different vibe from people online than when you meet them in person , so i do n't let messaging impressions sway me too quickly . 
  video chatting just seems pointless to me - it 's a midway step between messaging and actually going on a date . 
  just go on the date . 
  honestly , you can never be sure that the person is who they say they are until you meet them irl , so be safe . 
  tell someone where you 're going and when . 
  let them know what you know about the guy - name , maybe a photo or two , age . 
  meet somewhere public and get there under your own steam - do n't let him pick you up or drop you off , because then a stranger is controlling how you get home again . 
  if you 're getting a bad gut feeling from the date or from the messages , * listen * to it . 
  you do n't owe anyone anything . 
  i use okc and tinder at the same time , just because i like to have a variety of options . 
  you 'll figure out what works for you pretty quickly . 
  there 's not one that 's better than the other , and you 'll figure out where most of the guys you 're interested in are signed up . 
  i think you massively mistepped here , though your heart was clearly in the right place . 
  you just need to talk to him , really . 
  i get that you 're embarrassed and really afraid , but you need to get your courage up to broach the subject and clear the air on this . 
  just sit him down and tell him that you were trying really hard to make him laugh , but you did n't realise how much a surprise would mean to him , and now you feel awful about it . 
  and next time , do n't try and sting a thoughtful moment with a funny moment . 
  just be honest , or just be funny . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be fine . 
  well , it 's definitely not [ henry ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vpfygxq.jpg?1 ) right now . 
  do n't let his [ harmless gaze ] ( http://i.imgur.com/db6prdn.jpg ) fool you . 
  the bloody dog keeps eating my highlighters and pencils so i ca n't study !, 
  i 'm finding chewed pencil bits sodding everywhere at the moment , it 's driving me nuts . 
  she is so cute !, 
  at dog training last week i was talking with one of the trainers whose ( very exciteable ) lab is nine months old now , and she said `` right now she 's at the stage where i 'm not sure if want to love her , or stuff and mount her . '', 
  i definitely sympathise !, 
  i think he must be !, 
  he keeps nosing into my study bag and pulling out the pens from there , so he 's definitely hunting for stuff with my smell on . 
  he 's such a pain in the neck . 
  try tumblr . 
  it 's ridiculous at the moment . 
  i love sharing mcu stuff on there , but they 're never ever , ever happy , no matter how many films get released , how many powerful female characters get good screen time ( pepper , natasha , captain marvel , maria hill ... ) or when minority characters like falcon , black panther , melinda may or agent tripp get introduced . 
  i know there 's still a long long way to go , but goddamnit tumblr , at least * act * like you enjoy the mcu sometimes . 
  tumblr is its own worst enemy , to be honest . 
  i do love it and get a lot of really cool inspiration from it ( [ this artwork ] ( http://annetheviking.tumblr.com/post/83095108906/trying-to-make-a-move-just-to-stay-in-the-game ) of an amputee bucky barnes is magnificently beautiful , for example ) , but at the same time there are a lot of dead horses getting flogged on there . 
  i would love to see a bw film too - i * love * scarlett , and as female mcu fan anything with more women in is way okay with me . 
  but the tumblr approach is n't to say that , it 's to say `` god marvel , you hate women , you ca n't get it right , you just do n't care , do you ? '', 
  in amongst all of the love for tony stark , captain america , hawkeye and bucky barnes . 
  there was n't even half an hour of yeah spiderman , it was straight to `` if this is n't a miles film , marvel is doing everything wrong . '', 
  it 's very much `` if you 're not with me , you 're against me '' , and that 's really only bearable up to a certain point . 
  yes , that 's exactly it . 
  a lot of good intentions with bad execution . 
  not right now , no . 
  mostly because my life is currently in so much flux that i just ca n't be a partner to someone with a kid . 
  i 'm 30 in march , so i know it 's going to be something that i 'll be facing more and more , but it 's really not something i want to do . 
  i never go to the movies for a first date , because you ca n't talk . 
  you sit there for two hours in the dark . 
  i much prefer to go to a low-key chain restaurant or something ( pizza express is fine with me ) , then on to a pub or bar for a drink afterwards . 
  environments that encourage talking are where you really want to be . 
  well , i turn 30 in march and i 'm in the third year of my second degree ( distance learning ) , and about to go on to postgrad education in september to be a teacher . 
  so , no . 
  not at all . 
  he 's an english setter . 
   they 're the loveliest , soppiest breed , and he 's a particularly cheeky specimen !, 
  this is the first time that i have n't paid any attention to a puppy in a photo . 
  because ... wow . 
  i met my best friends new boyfriend a couple of weeks ago and thought he was brilliant !, 
  he clearly adores her , and is a really smart , witty guy . 
  they 're totally cute together , and i 'm so happy for her . 
  i 'm already good friends with my other best friends boyfriend , but they 've been together for like twelve years now , which would be * exhausting * if i did n't like him . 
  he 's a sweetheart though , i 'm not sure how you could n't like him . 
  it 's taken me about five years , but i 've finally warmed up to my brother 's fiancee . 
  we 're never going to be bosom buddies , but we can have a laugh together now and that 's what matters . 
  ugh i hate those days . 
  i 've spent whole weeks thinking i 'm a day ahead of myself before , which is entirely depressing . 
  here , / r/askuk / r/marvelstudios and / r/fantasy are my top ones for comments , i think . 
  oh , and / r/relationships . 
  i avoid the debate ones like changemyview and movies . 
  i think you need to be more aggressive about your views in those kind of subs , and i 'm totally not . 
  i do n't really know why i enjoy it , i just do .
