  can you help me ? '' . 
  that was that . 
  nah , hallowe'en is n't that big a deal . 
  you 'll get maybe a few decorations up , some jack o'lanterns on people 's front doors and a couple of little trick or treaters walking around and that will be it . 
  more people get together for bonfire night than hallowe'en , in my experience , though it might differ up and down the country like everything else over here . 
  i 'd never really call it ` amazing ' - you wo n't see anything on the scale of americas independence day , but bonfires and fireworks are usually community run events and there 's a lovely atmosphere to them . 
  hope you have a fun trip !, 
  i have a 16 month old english setter called henry . 
  he 's such a baby and the total doggy love of my life . 
  [ look at those eyes . 
  hades is * beautiful * !, 
  i wish this was a distinction more people understood . 
  a cross might give you the best of both parents traits for health , temperament , intelligence and give you the right combination to create a low/no-shedding dog . 
  it might give * also * give you the ** worst ** genetic combination from the parents , resulting in an anxious , unhealthy dog that sheds hair and dander absolutely everywhere . 
  you just ca n't tell . 
  this was asked a few weeks ago and it 's got some really good pointers in . 
  i doubt there 'll be * too * many ways to make an ass of yourself - we 're quite familiar with american tourists , and any blunders you might make will just be brushed off as ` silly foreigner ' . 
  you 'll probably get some gentle mocking for it , but we do n't really mean anything by it . 
  britons are very good at never taking anything too seriously , so we do get quite puzzled by america 's enthusiasm for absolutely * anything * . 
  the most obvious things that stand out to me are pub etiquette , i suppose . 
  we 've got a * much * bigger drinking culture than americans , and it 's perfectly normal for people to go and have a pub lunch or meet in the pub for a drink after work without being thought of as borderline alcoholics . 
  if you 're invited out for a drink with people , take advantage of it !, 
  tips are n't anywhere near as necessary or large as they are in the us . 
  if you go to scotland or wales , make sure you know that you 'll be among the scots and welsh , not the english . 
  most people will be reasonably acquainted with the states , whether through holidays or just the huge amount of american tv programming we recieve . 
  we will talk about the weather just as much as you expect us to . 
  and drink as much tea as you 'll expect us to , too . 
  oh , and never call your bum a fanny . 
  the photo is fine . 
  it 's a photo of a mother with her kids showing what good shape she 's in . 
  maybe the pose she 's chosen does mimic typical bikini photos - on her knees , legs apart , hand on her shorts , but it 's not actually a * sexual * photo . 
  she 's wearing a sports bra rather than cleavage-heavy bikini and smiling in a happy family way rather than a come-hither way . 
  in my opinion the shoot is n't targeted at men anyway , it 's targeted at women , specifically out of shape women as potential customers . 
  that 's the difference . 
  they 're just being pedantic . 
  not worth worrying about . 
  scarves !, 
  i have soooo many scarves and i always want more . 
  they just pull an outfit together so much . 
  i have a dog , so every other day really . 
  i enjoy walks - they 're a nice way to get your thoughts in order and enjoy the season . 
  i live in a large village by the sea in england , so i have country path walks and beach walks to go on . 
  i took a bag with me and picked a whole load of wild blackberries while i was out doing that just last week , actually . 
  when i stayed in barbican a year or so ago i always loved wandering around the city at weekends . 
  it 's so peaceful and almost completely deserted !, 
  of course . 
  have a look at reddit for an example - so many threads on all kinds of subreddits are full of blatant sexism , slut-shaming and general rudeness towards women . 
  communities like trp do n't exactly help . 
  you do feel a lot of the time like you 're not always taken seriously , even when you have good points to make . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been held back by sexism in life , even when working in male-dominated environments , and i 've worked with a lot of very strong women . 
  you do always get the sense that it 's a bit of an uphill battle , though - career women always end up being faced with the question of ` job or family ? ', 
  that men never seem to get ,, 
  mayo , of course . 
  preferably proper yellow mayonnaise like the dutch and belgians have , but hellmans will do in the meantime . 
  hah , thanks for the warning . 
  i 've changed it to initials instead . 
  that 's why i said their existence does n't help . 
  the fact that they 're a minority does n't matter , they 're still loud enough to keep distracting the issue . 
  glasses and i love them . 
  i splashed out on gucci frames since i wear them pretty much all the time and they look amaaaaaaazing . 
  in what universe does ` th ' and 's ' sound the same ? 
  but that 's your * ancestry * . 
  if your parents and grandparents are american , that makes * you * american . 
  you do n't just skip a generation back to find some other country to be from . 
  `` coming july five . '', 
  arrghhhh !, 
  drives me up the wall . 
   why ca n't people just be proud of being american . 
  it 's such a weird dichotomy is n't it ? 
  they 're never * really * american , they 're always english or something , and yet every american is ridiculously , stupidly , loudly proud of being american . 
  make up your minds !, 
   also , did n't want to be the one to bring it up , but we saved your asses in wwii, 
  oh my * god * . 
  no you * did n't * . 
  why is that always the default american insult when you 're being made fun of ? 
  i know exactly where i 'm from . 
  i 'm english right back to at least the 1600s , specifically geordie on one side and essex on the other . 
  you ca n't get more english than me . 
  we 're not offended that you 're an immigrant nation . 
  your great-grandparents got on a ship for a few weeks , good for them . 
  we 're just extremely puzzled that you make such a big deal about it . 
  you do n't hear all the aussies going around calling themselves english-australian , do you ? 
  the title of the thread is `` what americanism infuriates you the most ? '' . 
  you did n't actually think it would be a thread of people saying `` nope , ca n't think of a single annoying american thing ! '', 
  did you ? 
   yet i bet you still do n't pronounce router `` rooter '' . 
  actually , i do . 
  if my wifi is playing up i go reset my ` rooter ' . 
  does n't everyone ? 
  no , the floor on the ground , i.e. 
  the earth , is the ground floor . 
  then you go up one to the first floor . 
  it 's the first floor from the ground . 
  it 's not * that * odd . 
  it 's a slow creeping thing . 
  honestly , it does exist and it 's incredibly annoying . 
  it 's really not . 
  honest . 
  ground floor is on the ground . 
  because you walk in from the pavement .
