  gymnasts . 
  that all over definition , mmmm ... 
  i do too !, 
  it was just such an exciting reveal , i love hearing the moment where everyone figured it out . 
  the track seems weirdly empty without all the cheering . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i think it 's ridiculous to believe that there is one person in the entire world who will ever truly suit you or is ` made ' for you . 
  that 's a hell of a lot of pressure on that other person to be your ` one ' . 
  but hey , early relationship hormones can be a hell of a trip . 
  i 'm a little confused - you believe we 're all equal and women can do just as well as men , so by my books you are a feminist . 
  i would be wary of being pushed into any kind of viewpoint , whether it 's full on marxist feminism , veganism , whatever , and i do n't think it 's right of your girlfriend to insist that you have to have exactly the same views as her or else . 
  i think you just need to keep talking this out with her and see if she is just as absolutist about anything else , but i would also be wary . 
  if someone ca n't bend their attitudes then something is just going to end up breaking , and it might well be your relationship . 
  your comments say you have a wife , so i 'm surprised you do n't know this already , but yes . 
  the vagina is self-cleaning and the white crusty bit is the result of that . 
  it depends what age you are and what the choice is . 
  all things are n't always equal in this kind of thing . 
  if you 're 19 and deciding between a boyfriend at home and a far away uni , i 'd pick uni . 
  if you 're 30 and have a fiance/ltr relationship but have been offered a job six hours away , i would probably pick the relationship . 
  you met her two weeks ago . 
  you do n't know anything about this person other than the barest scratch the surface details and you 're already jumping to ' i could marry her ' ? 
  just cool your jets , op . 
  let her go off to uni , see her during holidays if you can and put your efforts towards something with actual development potential . 
  i 've got three assignments and one exam to do before i 'm finished with my second degree !, 
  i 've been doing this full time while i work full time for the last three years , so i 'm going to be so excited and so relieved when i 'm officially done . 
  two months to go . 
  sleeeeeeeepy . 
  my dad made the most enormous roast dinner for sunday lunch , and i am stuffed and sleepy and content . 
  i reckon i drink about 8 cups of tea a day on average . 
  a cup punctuates everything - just got up , just got to work , elevenses , lunch , afternoon pick-me-up , home from work , just had dinner , sat in front of the tv to relax in the evening . 
  all those are times for tea . 
  what ? 
  that was a ' i trust you , you 're my friend , go find your friend , stay safe ' kind of kiss . 
  totally platonic . 
  you 're reading kisses wayyy wrong . 
  fun story time : stop referring to female characters ` wanting it in their poop chute ' and maybe you 'll get there eventually . 
   i thought it was obvious i was making a joke, 
  mate , you * really * need to work on your innuendo bingo . 
  this was ` hahaha i 'm thirteen poop chutes are funny ' stuff , not actual grown up reading it on the internet funny . 
  i went in september and it was pretty easy to get around without too long to wait . 
  i think the smiler was the longest queue at an hour , but then you could nip straight on nemesis and oblivion without needing to wait at all . 
  any days that are a bit drizzly are great too . 
  of course . 
  if i 'm going out i like putting on a nicer top or dress and redoing my makeup a bit . 
  even if i 'm just meeting friends it just makes it feel a little bit more special , is all , and i like any excuse to dress up . 
  best foot forward and all that . 
  i 'd agree with this op . 
  some brides have multiple hens ( my cousins new wife had three !, 
  ) , but only have the one wedding . 
  i 'd pick the bigger occasion this time . 
  the manager already sounds like she 's on top of it and is n't going to let her assistant dictate what happens when . 
  like / u/kagomechan21 suggested , just let the am pitch a fit and hang herself on her own accord . 
  keep your head down , keep doing a good job and the am can spin her wheels as much as she likes . 
  diy abilities . 
  no , you go right ahead and fix the leaky tap/retile the bathroom/move that lightswitch . 
  i 'll just stand way over here with the paint swatches . 
  the majority of those are counties ( areas with lots of towns in ) , not cities . 
  the cities listed there are belfast , brighton , bristol , cardiff , dundee , edinburgh , glasgow , london and swansea . 
  you 're spoilt for choice with history wherever you go in the uk , but i 'd say bristol ticks a lot of your boxes . 
   in that case i suppose you guys can simply choose cities within these areas and counties . 
  mate , i 'm sure you did n't mean it that way , but we 're not going to do your research for you . 
  google image search a diagram of uk counties , figure out which one of those on your list are in the middle and do some searches . 
  or wikipedia a list of major uk cities , make a short list and then ask us which ones we would recommend . 
  singing always cheers me up for some reason . 
  if i 'm in a bad mood and i stick on a catchy track and sing along to it i always feel better by the end . 
  i feel like a lot of atheists on the internet and reddit are baby atheists , in that they 've just discovered what they really think , or they 're rebelling against a strict religious upbringing , and so they get really loud and passionate about it . 
  which is cool , and fair enough that they like having an outlet , but in the end it just gets dull . 
  and i 'm saying that as an atheist myself - no one cares what they believe , but they need to get that out of their system before they really understand that . 
  bastard is a rude way of calling someone an illegitimate child . 
  ass/asshole/arse / arsehole refer to the anus which everyone has so it 's not gendered . 
  wanker and tosser are just slang for masturbation or a general way to call someone an idiot , and i 've called my female friends tossers before plenty of times . 
  neither insult refers directly to the penis . 
  male dogs are dogs . 
  female dogs are bitches . 
  `` be careful when you take your dog to the park , someone is walking their bitch in heat . '', 
  specifically female , so specifically gendered . 
  because ass does n't mean donkey , it 's the american version of the british ` arse ' . 
  hence why you also call them an asshole . 
  unfortunately with it being the easter holidays , places like warner studios are a no go for availability !, 
  that 's a shame too , it 's a really good day out . 
  i 'd try and come back another time for that one . 
  london 's got so much to do and see , it 's hard to narrow it down . 
  i love history , so i would always recommend the british museum , the imperial war museum , the tower of london and the v&a to start . 
  if you like theatre you can get half price west end tickets at the tkts booth in leicester square and go see a show - my mum and i got # 22 tickets to see treasure island at the national theatre on saturday which was really good . 
  i also like just wandering along the south bank on a nice day and taking everything in . 
  getting the river bus down to greenwich is good fun too , and there 's plenty there to do . 
  the only time i go braless is when i 'm in my pyjamas . 
  otherwise they are absolutely compulsory for me . 
  i could never do a full day bra-less . 
  way too sore !, 
  admissions probably get hundreds of calls from panicked international and domestic students worried about their offers . 
  they wo n't immediately go back to your file and scratch you off of the system because of one phone call , i promise . 
  well in july you 're probably going to look good in a short sleeve , but in december you 're going to look like an idiot . 
  so , both ? 
  because it 's a really private thing , and i do n't like just discussing it randomly with someone ? 
  i really like it when guys are enthusiastic about things and love to talk about what they know . 
  people just light up when they 're passionate about something , and that 's attractive . 
  i * do n't * like it when i 'm getting something explained to me like a little girl . 
  i 'm a smart woman , i can figure a lot of stuff out . 
  it 's a fine line between the two .
