  diversity is the spice of life etc etc. 
  you got an ego boost is all , op . 
  you went out , someone complimented you , you felt good , you liked feeling good . 
  there 's no rocket science to this . 
   i have n't been hit on in months by a girl ( besides the gf ), 
  try and turn your thinking around here . 
  you * have * been hit on , it 's just by the same girl every time . 
  there 's a saying that goes around here a lot , which is ` grass is greener where you water it ' . 
  when your girlfriend flirts with you , or compliments you , or gets sexy with it , really * enjoy * that . 
  take the moment , think about how you get to go home with this cool girl every single time instead of * maybe * getting lucky with random girls on nights you go out . 
  or , you know , dump her and go be single . 
  i 'm guessing it probably wo n't be as half as satisfying as you 're imagining , but it 's totally your choice here . 
  i 'm facebook acquaintances with about six of them and actual friends with three of them . 
  one girl is one of my closest friends and i was actually at her birthday do over the weekend . 
  i 'm much closer to my university friends , but with my secondary school friends it 's almost a more intimate relationship . 
  especially with my bestie they know me much better , they know where i 've come from ( which my uni friends do n't ) and i never have to pretend with them . 
  teenagers are all about pushing the boundaries and seeing what works with their bodies . 
  i 'm sure most people did wear outlandish stuff when we were younger than scandalised the older generation . 
  nothing 's new there . 
  next , or there 's a factory outlet near me that has a hobbs store with loads of amazing discounts . 
  always worth a look for officey dresses and skirts . 
  of course doing my hair and makeup makes me more attractive . 
  it 's a no brainer . 
  it makes my skin look clearer , my eyes look brighter , i can contour my cheekbones , and i can shape my hair to flatter my face . 
  why else would i make the effort if it did n't ? 
  if you 're sixteen then i 'm sure it 's all the rage and you 'll fit right in with the other teenagers . 
  if you 're in your twenties or above , go for some nice cologne instead . 
  i once went to see cold mountain in the cinema with my best friend and her family , and i sat besides her grandmother . 
  when the rather hot and heavy sex scene came onscreen , i seriously did not know * where * to look . 
  other than that , nah . 
  i always just think about how uncomfortable the actors must be while they 're filming it ( because let 's face it , it 's hardly going to be romantic to pretend to grunt and moan with a bunch of camera and sound guys watching you ) . 
  that link is a coat - at least , i 'd call it a coat . 
  jackets are short . 
  that looks at least mid-thigh . 
  if you 're looking for warmth , look for military styles and tweed . 
  i like to get my coats from tk maxx , debenhams , next and marks and spencer , personally , but i 'm also in love with my brand new brown leather jacket from an independent local store . 
  on friday i went to cambridge for my best friend 's birthday dinner and stayed overnight . 
  more friends came over on the saturday and we played gamecube and a fun board game about robots that race around a factory at night . 
  drove back home and worked at the local pub in the evening . 
  sunday i went for a short run , did some open university study , walked the dog , did some more study and then went to see interstellar at a nearby imax . 
  it was really good !, 
  i use it to see what all my international friends are up to , organise parties and my social life , share interesting news articles and occasionally post pictures of my cute dog for likes . 
  sometimes i use it to boast about a particularly good event in my life like passing exams or whatever . 
  that link is a coat - at least , i 'd call it a coat . 
  jackets are short . 
  that looks at least mid-thigh . 
  if you 're looking for warmth , look for military styles and tweed . 
  i like to get my coats from tk maxx , debenhams , next and marks and spencer , personally , but i 'm also in love with my brand new brown leather jacket from an independent local store . 
  my mum and i tell each other `` the little one has to stay with the big one ! '', 
  which i think was a reference to little teddy bears where you would have a baby teddy attached to a big adult teddy , but to her means her children should always stay close to the nest and never leave home , because she 'll miss us . 
  we also call my little brother `` the golden prince '' because i used to complain he would get favourable attention and never do anything wrong in my parent 's eyes . 
  it 's not true , but you know how slighted big sisters get !, 
  i 'm never sad when i get to go to edinburgh . 
  i lived there for four years and there 's always a piece of my heart that belongs in that city . 
  every time i think of it or travel there , i feel much better about the world . 
  29 from england . 
  sales exec , retraining to be a history teacher . 
  single , no kids . 
  i 'm at home studying for my history degree today , so i partly thought about what i 've been reading around the causes for ww1 and the war around the world , and partly thought about a ) how cute the dog looks when he 's sleeping and b ) why are people still driving past , do n't they know it 's the armistice silence now ? 
  i have genuinely never considered a guys nose as a particularly defining asset before . 
  i think most things on my wishlist can be filed under ` cosy winter stuff ' - i 'd like a warm bed blanket , a new dressing gown and new slipper boots . 
  i like being warm !, 
  any blend of leaf tea would be lovely too , and some fat face vouchers so i can go and buy a winter jumper or two . 
   what do you think about all day when you 're not in a relationship ? 
  work , study , my friends , the pending release of the guardians of the galaxy dvd , my dog , the weather , how * cute * that jumper is in next and how perfectly it would go with my red jeans , the fact i * really * need a haircut this weekend , and oh , that guy who i just got matched with on tinder is pretty cute . 
  in about that order . 
  there 's really no secret to being single , it 's just really all about having time to focus your energy inwards on yourself rather than outwards on another person . 
  generally when it 's raining , or at night time . 
  i 'd rather wear my heavy green tweed dog walking jacket and messy jeans when it 's looking damp , and if it 's evening then i 'll happily shove on a hoody and go outside rather than sort out which scarf matches which kitsch woolly jumper . 
  oh i know he 's an ass , but [ sawyer from lost ] ( http://www.sfizioserietv.it/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/1x03_sawyer_gun.png ) can win me over any day of the week . 
  pretty good !, 
  went on a date last night and it was a fun time , but there was nothing there . 
  we were sitting having a laugh in the bar at one point , but on the opposite ends of a sofa , so i think that kinda says everything . 
  it was nice to get out for a night , though !, 
  iron man , so he and rocket can go go gadget everything in sight . 
  i 'll leave the wallish berating to everyone else . 
  when people ask if you want tea , they 'll almost always serve english breakfast tea , also known as builders tea , which is usually a brand like typhoon , pg tips or yorkshire tea . 
  it 's the ` default ' , if you like . 
  sometimes i might get offered earl grey or green tea , but ` foofy ' tea is n't particularly common . 
  fairly important . 
  i use make up every day , so i 'd feel a bit lost if it was n't there any more . 
  oops . 
  autocorrect strikes again . 
  that 'll teach me to answer reddit questions before i get out of bed . 
  relax . 
  we 're not super special aliens . 
  we 're not wildly different . 
  we 're just people . 
  i get along best with guys who are relaxed around me , who can have a laugh and not take themselves too seriously , and who genuinely seem to like themselves and where they are in life . 
  stop worrying so much about rejection , too . 
  what have you actually lost if you ask someone out and they say no ? 
  sure , you have n't got a date , but you never had a date in the first place either . 
  do n't panic so much about it . 
  haha , i have muki at +46 and you at +38 right now . 
  we have wit in spades around here !, 
  worst : chris eccleston as malekith , mostly because with all the makeup , cgi and alien language script you could n't even tell it was him . 
  they could have schlubbed any old ten penny actor into the part and had exactly the same outcome . 
  it felt like such a waste . 
  best : oooh , so many to choose from !, 
  i have to say , i love love love mark ruffalo as the hulk , though .
