  i think that 's super feminist . 
  take a day trip out to cambridge if you want architecture - it 's a couple of hours train journey from london and it 's absolutely gorgeous . 
  or bath !, 
  bath is * beautiful * . 
  i would recommend edinburgh too , but july is when things start getting busy for the fringe , so it 'll be more expensive than any other time of year . 
  london is a realllllyyy different beast to the rest of the uk ( and way more expensive ) and everywhere 's easily got to by train , so definitely definitely do some exploring outside of the city . 
  there 's / r/askuk if you 'd like any advice on anything at all too . 
  ooops , yes , i did !, 
  edinburgh is my home from home . 
  i lived there for four years and i would move back tomorrow if i could . 
  it stays in your heart long after you 've gone . 
  oh the ironic humour of your username , too . 
  you do n't have to see her every minute of every day , and she should split her time between her friends and seeing you . 
  meet her in the middle somewhere ( see each other every other day ? 
  three times a week ? ), 
  and you 'll both be happy . 
  do n't try and cram the night before your exam - once you 've hit a point at about 9pm , you 'll really have taken in everything that your brain can remember , and it 's time to prepare for the next day instead . 
  give yourself a good dinner , prepare everything you need for the next day , have a calm night with a fun fiction book or enjoyable movie , and get a really good nights sleep to keep yourself refreshed . 
  you 'll need a clear head to face the stress , and it 's much better to go into to the exam room awake and prepared than cranky from cramming and stressed out panicking about all of the things you did n't read . 
  make sure you * read the paper * . 
  give yourself five minutes at the start of the exam to read every question ** thoroughly ** , and plan a little schedule out for how you 're going to answer . 
  i think for my essay-based exams last year i set myself something like forty minutes on question one , half an hour on question two and then an hour on question three , or something like that . 
  it just really helps to keep you on track , and it meant that when i was going wildly off course with one of my answers i could just say ` right , well i 've spent enough time on that , now i need to move on to the next one ' . 
  and i know it 's tough , but when you walk out of the exam room , leave it behind you . 
  you 've done as much as you can , so try not to panic . 
  you 'll be fine , i 'm positive of it . 
  layer cake , hot fuzz or casino royale . 
  i 've always got a big soft spot for the harry potter films too , particularly half blood prince and prisoner of azkaban . 
  it 's an impressive essay for someone using english as a second language , certainly . 
  it does n't flow very naturally , but that 'll come with practice . 
  i really would recommend that you check your historical facts , though - english was being used as a general language in the courts * much * earlier than the 18th century !, 
  i think norman french started to die out more around the 14th century - certainly by the time you 're looking at the wars of the roses , french was in use but secondary to english . 
  i also do n't really think you 'll win many fans with your paragraph about us being broken , lazy , alcoholic hooligans , though . 
  you might need to reconsider that one a bit . 
   i strongly prefer ms. and do n't like being called miss. 
  same . 
  i deliberately put ms on forms now . 
  no mr business person , you do n't get to know my marital status , thanks . 
  i disagree . 
  the bbc and tv drama still does very well here in the uk - just look at things like downton abbey , poldark , doctor who and sherlock . 
  online streaming is coming along in leaps and bounds , but i think there will always be a place for tv in the same way that radio still coexists with everything . 
  i use couchtuner dot eu as i 'm in the uk and we still have n't got agent carter . 
  booo . 
   my heart is bleeding when i see how some of them live . 
  op , i know you probably do n't understand quite how your language is coming across here , but do n't dig a hole for yourself by telling us , as brits , that you think we live in a lazy , alcoholic , hooliganistic society . 
  our country is perfectly civilised , thank you very much , and i 'm seriously biting my tongue not to say anything ruder than that . 
   look when the great french revolution happened and when courts cancelled using french dialect . 
  ( hint : 1799 ), 
  you need to do your research . 
  henry viii was writing love letters in english in the 1530s , for one thing . 
  use of french at court does not mean it was a primary language at all . 
  well there are seven of them to choose from !, 
  i just really really like the cinematography and score for hbp . 
  i think david yates did a gorgeous job with it . 
  i 'm a typical boomerang . 
  out at 19 for uni , back at 26 to retrain for a new career , and permanently moving out again this august now i 'm 30 . 
  it sucks to have been back for so long , but it 's been for a good reason . 
  i get along very well with my parents , but i miss my independence and i know they miss having the house all to themselves . 
  our answers are all going to be skewed depending on where we live . 
  i 'm british , so i favour heavy regulation , including purchasing and use only with approved licenses and regular checks on gun owners . 
  i do n't think the general public should freely be given access or that ordinary police officers should be armed . 
  the less guns available , the better . 
  i would argue yes , but i also have to have my car mot-ed ( tested ) and pay road tax on it every year . 
  if i take my car off the road , i tell the government and it 's officially de-registered . 
  it seems fair enough to do the same for gun ownership to me . 
   out of curiosity , why is there specifically no guns allowed for self defense ? 
  i 'm guessing that it 's because a self defense weapon can easily be turned on yourself by the person you 're defending against . 
  it 's the same here in the uk . 
  you are not allowed to carry anything for self defense , including stuff like pepper spray , knives or tasers , and i think right down to carrying deodorant specifically for defense purposes . 
  i have a dog , but i may also have selected ` rock ' as a pet ... 
  about ten years ago i was working as a counsellor doing camp america and i was asleep in my bunk . 
  for some reason i woke up in the middle of the night , but i also vividly remember having the absolute certainty that if i went back to sleep , i would die . 
  i think i may also have had sleep paralysis , but i just remember being totally convinced that i would not wake up again . 
  i mean , clearly i * did * , but it 's just such a bizarre memory , and it 's so clear too . 
  i remember absolutely everything about it . 
  rocks stole the fish option . 
  poor fish !, 
  i use facebook more for contact groups than being in the loop , though lots of my friends are international , so it 's good to be able to keep up with them . 
  i 'm also part of module groups for the open university courses i 'm doing at the moment . 
  as it 's a distance learning degree where we 're spread all over the uk , it 's an ideal way for us all to ask questions , stress together and reassure each other in the same way that students at a brick uni can . 
  i 've also joined a group for the teacher training course i 'll be joining this september , and i 've already found four other girls who want to do a house share , which i would n't have found if we did n't share facebook . 
  friends have mine have started small businesses and get a lot of their customers and advertising through likes and shares on fb . 
  so , it 's definitely handy for more than just old colleagues and baby photos . 
  walking the dog , read , screw around on the internet , watching films , watching netflix , drinking stupid amounts of tea . 
  honestly , my favourite time is just when i take a really good book to a cafe , order a massive hot chocolate , find the squishiest sofa available and just curl up and read for an hour . 
  it 's so cosy and relaxing . 
  i love it . 
  i really want to see a rocket/tony stark rivalry over bucky 's arm before they become friends . 
  oh , and peter quill being a massive fanboy over captain america would be brilliant . 
  i can imagine nine year old him had stashed a comic or two in that backpack before he got abducted . 
  you ca n't stay with her just because you 're scared for her and where she might go . 
  she 's coasted along on your coat tails for five years now , and this is where she ( and you ) have ended up . 
  maybe not having you as a support system any more will force her to get her act together and actually * do * something with her life . 
  i think my voice is actually pitched a little higher than i imagine , which is odd . 
  overall i like it though - i 'm very rp ( queen 's english ) and well spoken , but for some reason loads of people think i 'm an aussie ?? 
  i do n't quite get that . 
  maybe it 's the inflection at the end of the sentence thing . 
  i did do a youtube thing for an accent meme a couple of years ago . 
  maybe just a sound recording one would be fun ? 
  all in here : http://www.comicbookmovie.com/fansites/marvelfreshman/news/?a=120609,
