  love buckys costume armour too - i like that it 's generally the same style without the straightjacket bands of his hydra uniform . 
  i guess american football is the most watched . 
  i like watching baseball with my dad , but the only other people i know who watch it are my cousins who grew up in ohio . 
  ice hockey just is n't a thing here - grass hockey barely gets a following as it is . 
  there are loads of basketball hoops put up on garages , but whether that makes it * popular * is another question entirely . 
  i do n't know the actual weight , but i 've carried pieces of steel deck up stairs back when i used to do backstage work . 
  that was a shitload of heavy . 
  doing get outs with massive pieces of set was a pain too , and there were certain 2k lights that i swear were built during the second world war , because they were * huge * and ancient and so fucking heavy . 
  i hated those things . 
  i went the passion route and did my first degree in theatre production . 
  it made my twenties really hard money - wise , but i do n't regret it for a moment . 
  i used it to tour the uk doing shows , worked with some amazing people , did six edinburgh fringes and saw the world working on a cruise ship . 
  there 's no way i would have been able to do that with a ` smart ' degree , and i do n't think i would have done very well at it anyway . 
  sometimes i look at my friends and wish i 'd picked something that would give me more financial stability , but i worked in theatre because i loved it . 
  it was one hundred percent the right choice for me . 
  it 's not how actual grown up adults work . 
  do n't drop out . 
  sometimes we just do n't get what we want , and she has to be an adult and deal with that . 
  you fit the casting call , she did n't . 
  that 's exactly how this industry works . 
  i care massively about bucky and steve , and it 's for a very simple reason : bucky is the heart of steve 's emotional arc . 
  in the mcu , bucky was the * only one * who ever cared about steve before the serum . 
  they grew up together , they shared each others families , and probably lived together for a while . 
  even if you do n't ship them together , you ca n't deny they were as close as brothers and clearly cared deeply about each other . 
  bucky tells steve , the scrappy little fight-starter , that he 's got nothing to prove to anyone , even if the only duty he can do all war is collecting scrap metal . 
  we all know peggy cared about steve after knowing him for a year , but bucky and steve were as thick as thieves for almost * twenty * years ( the smithsonian voice over said they were friends from school , which i assume would go from about 5 , and i think they 're both about 21 in first avenger ) . 
  so they both go to war , and the first time steve really hears about bucky ( that we know of , not including any off-screen letters they might have sent ) , he thinks his best friend is dead . 
  he breaks every kind of protocol by vanishing from his commanding officer , just to go and save him . 
  and then he does that , and gets to spend one more year on missions with him , and then bucky dies . 
  not only that , i 'll bet you anything steve blames himself for not catching him before he fell , or not getting blasted by that hydra gun himself , despite what peggy says to him . 
  so act 3 , steve meets the soldier and it 's fucking * bucky * . 
  he 's not dead !, 
  he 's just a brainwashed , amputee , russian super - assassin instead . 
  because that 's * so * much better . 
  so now steve does n't just get to feel guilty about not saving him , he now also gets to feel guilty about not mounting a mission to go back to the ravine and search for his body , or prevent hydra from a ) succeeding in general or b ) turning his best friend into a brainwashed cybernetic russian super - assassin . 
  and plus , where has he actually had time to properly grieve the loss of his closest friend ? 
  a week after bucky dies , steve commits suicides by plane in order to save the world , and then gets thrown into a brand new one where not only are all of his * other * friends dead , but he 's getting vaguely insulted by one of their multibillionare sons , and oh by the way , aliens are invading . 
  so not only do we get to see steve guilt tripping himself to fucking eternity , we get to see him emotionally reconnect with the one single person who even faintly remembers who he was before the serum and the avengers and becoming captain america . 
  plus , we get bucky doing that in reverse ; learning who he was , what they made him , who he is now , and how he connects the two of those together with steve in the middle . 
  it 's like the best back story plot ever . 
  fuck yeah i 'm excited !, 
  who 's the man on the wall ? 
  i think sarah millican is great . 
  different strokes for different folks , mate . 
  there 's loads of comedians ( stuart lee ) who i find average that loads of people adore . 
  i just find sarah millican particularly tickles me , is all . 
  [ you do n't knowww ] ( https://youtu.be/oe8cisii_ni ) . 
  if you know you 'll wear them , definitely . 
  are you completely blatantly ignoring melinda may , out of curiosity ? 
  khushis in edinburgh is my favourite indian restaurant ( i always go when i visit ) , and there 's a tapas restaurant on the shore in leith which is * amazing * . 
  for drinks , the pear tree pub on south bridge is a student favourite , and devils advocate is a fabulous whisky bar tucked away off the mile which is well worth a visit . 
  take a walk up the mile , but do it after dark when it 's quieter - it 's so romantic and beautiful , and so much nicer when most tourists are having dinner . 
  i love love love edinburgh - i lived there for four years and would move back tomorrow if i could . 
  it 's the most gorgeous city in the world . 
  the fringe has just finished , which means it 's much quieter than most other times of the year , but it also means it should be a little cheaper for you than it was this time last month . 
  talking to people . 
  i make friends pretty easily and can go up to just about anyone and start a conversation . 
  i 've never found it difficult . 
  just about to start teacher training ( first day on monday ! ), 
  okay , so that 's completely ignoring the talk we 've already heard that black panther and bucky are heavily part of the causes of the war , right ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure they 've been seeding reasons for steve and tony fighting the whole way through , instead of just over this registration malarkey . 
  `` i 'm glad you 're happy and settled , but i 'm still living here and i really do n't appreciate you constantly complaining about the us so much . '', 
  and then change the subject . 
  alternatively , could it be a case of ` the lady doth protest too much ' ? 
  i normally find that when people are endlessly ragging on a subject , it 's really because of their own insecurities about it . 
  it might be that she 's not actually as settled in the uk as she 's putting across , and is putting the us down constantly to make herself feel better about her move . 
  by the way you 've written this , this does n't have to be an instant decision . 
  your dad is n't expecting you to jump on the plane with him next week . 
  you 've committed time to working on things with your boyfriend . 
  so do just that . 
  stay in the us for now , see if your relationship is fixable , but stay open minded about france . 
  you 've got an amazing opportunity waiting for you if home life gets stale , and you 'd be silly not to take advantage of it at some point in your life . 
  it just does n't have to be right now . 
  i have n't , but my best friend did and now they 're very happy , engaged and generally a really lovely couple together . 
  i 'd advised her against waiting for him at the time and did n't trust him at all , but now they 're together and actually know him , i can totally see why she took the chance . 
  unconventional , but it worked well for them . 
  i 've got a second date today . 
  as the first date was last night , i think it might be promising . 
  i also get to meet my other two new housemates this weekend !, 
  one of them i know already and the other i only know her name and sort of what she looks like , so i 'm hoping we 'll all get along well . 
  you 've just been used for sex . 
  well done . 
  give yourself a clap on the back and a great big `` get over yourself '' at the same time . 
  i 'm quite proud of my raised a puppy badge , and my made a healthy meal instead of resorting to toast again badge . 
  duh , of course we do . 
  it sounds less like you 're afraid of being a lonely lesbian and more like you 're just afraid of being * alone * . 
  it 's okay to be single , no matter what your sexuality is . 
  own it . 
  enjoy being your own person . 
  you * will * find someone - it can just take a long time for some people . 
  are you in a rural community or in a city ? 
  is there somewhere more cosmopolitan nearby where you can spend some time to try to meet more people ? 
  ohmygod civil war i want it nowwwwwww . 
  it 's going to be amazing !, 
  i think tfa is much better when you go back and watch it with the events of winter soldier in mind . 
  you can pick out sooo much more about cap and buckys relationship , and sebastian stan just put in all of these lovely subtle little performance details that stand out much more the second time around . 
  the trailer looks incredible . 
  i 'm so excited for this one too . 
  yeah , it was such a shame aou got so muddled up and tangled with itself . 
  you could see whedon just floundering a bit this time around .
