  i 'm sure a scot will be able to explain it in more detail than that , but i do n't understand how the scots get educated at all and i 'm english who lived in edinburgh for four years !, 
  they 're quite seperate systems . 
  for me , freedom to dress at school comes with a lot of pressure of having to wear the ` right ' thing . 
  it was bad enough at mufti day , i ca n't imagine having to pick out an outfit every single day for seven years when i was an insecure , acne-prone thirteen year old . 
  at least here everyone is equal , whether you 're poor or rich , and the school will always have a spare jumper/blazer/shirt for you to sling on if something is or goes wrong . 
  also just to add on a different note , as no one has specifically mentioned it yet - when applying for university we apply for one subject , and all of your gcse and a-level choices are meant to point towards that subject . 
  so if you want to do medicine or whatever , you 're supposed to have good results in all of the sciences and maths . 
  a history degree application should show gcses and a-levels in something like history , english literature and i dunno , maybe classical civilisation or something . 
  it does mean that english school students get funnelled towards one degree from the age of 14 when you 're first making these gcse decisions . 
  if you do n't know what you want to do in life you can get a bit stuck as you 're supposed to be picking all of these subjects that will send you in the right direction , except you do n't know what that direction * is * . 
  i was at a grammar school ( no fees , entrance via passing an academic exam ) , and though i was in year 7 to year 11 , we had a form room , form time and a form tutor . 
  you then also go into lower sixth form and then upper sixth form before finishing school at 18 to go to uni . 
  there 's a lot of language mixing surrounding schools , sorry !, 
  it was funny - my primary school had ( and still has ) a thriving house system with lots of stuff to do with your house . 
  my secondary school tried to introduce it when i was in year 9 and it was a complete failure . 
  tolkien has some of my favourite favourite passages , especially when the hobbits are in moria . 
   `` when they halted for a moment , they heard nothing at all , unless it were occasionally a faint trickle and drip of unseen water . 
  yet frodo began to hear , or to imagine that he heard something else : like the faint fall of soft bare feet . 
  it was never loud enough , or near enough , for him to feel certain that he heard it ; but once it had started it never stopped , while the company was moving . 
  but it was not an echo , for when they halted it pattered on for a little all by itself , and then grew still . '', 
   the balrog made no answer . 
  the fire in it seemed to die , but the darkness grew . 
  it stepped forward slowly on the bridge , and suddenly it drew himself up to a great height , and its wings were spread from wall to wall ; but still gandalf could be seen , glimmering in the gloom ; he seemed small , and altogether alone : grey and bent , like a wizened tree before the onset of a storm . 
   from out of the shadow a red sword leaped flaming . 
  well , he 's my dad so it would be awkward if i did n't !, 
  but yes , he 's a good boss all round . 
  for company and someone to hang out and do fun things with . 
  i 'm perfectly happy to go to restaurants or the theatre or the cinema by myself , but i 'd love to have someone i can just call up and be like `` sooo , i miss you . 
  want to hang out ? '', 
  also , i love cuddles . 
  having someone to cuddle on chilly evenings sounds lovely . 
  start with assassins apprentice , which then progresses through royal assassin and assassins quest . 
  you can either then read the liveships trilogy or skip straight on to tawny man with fool 's errand . 
  liveships is n't * essential * to follow fitz 's storyline but it does set up important events and reveals that follow through the tawny man series . 
  i honestly can not believe that your boyfriend is twenty eight years old . 
  are you sure he 's not eighteen ? 
  or eight ? 
  he put a sticky substance in your hair on purpose , and is now complaining that you 're a ` damaged ' woman * just because * you had to cut it shorter ? 
  good god , it 's not like you suddenly switched to wearing leather mini skirts and bikini tops all day long . 
  you cut your hair !, 
  hair grows !, 
  it 's a temporary hair style because * he put gum in it * . 
  it 's also ** not ** your fault you had to ask why he was acting oddly , because he was acting like a total dick . 
  this is not a man . 
  this is a self absorbed boy child . 
  you will be so much better off without him . 
  keeping to something , i guess . 
  it 's not a word i use much . 
  i might possibly say i 'll honour my promise to do [ xyz ] , but that 's about it . 
  i think they 're fine to have around . 
  they 're doing a job just like the rest of us , they just did n't get a chance to choose it . 
  the queen is amazing for being , what , 86 and still doing all of those engagements - my nanna who is the same age can hardly go to a restaurant for the evening without being exhausted , let alone fly around the world and do all of the ceremonial rigmarole the queen has to do . 
  i also think it 's great that they do so much charity work . 
  having kate or william or harry 's name attached to small charities brings so much attention and funds to them that they 'd never get otherwise . 
  i 'm also a history geek , so i love going to see windsor palace , kensington palace etc. , and seeing the whole history of our royals . 
  we 've had monarchs and royalty ( off and on ) for over a thousand years . 
  i 'd hate to see us lose the institution . 
  plus , who else does pomp and pageantry of events like trooping the colour like we do ? 
  i 'd spend one of your london days somewhere like cambridge or canterbury . 
  london has loads to do , but it 's not at all representative of the uk and you 'll need to get outside of the city to see the country at its best . 
  the good news is that there are loads of train links from london and if you book early enough it 's plenty cheap , so you could just do a day trip somewhere . 
  i 'm not sure what counts as liberal arts , but my first degree was a vocational one in theatre production and i worked as a lighting technician and assistant stage manager for five years . 
  now i 'm doing sales , studying for a second degree in history and planning to go into teacher training next autumn . 
  well , what sort of things do you like ? 
  history , culture , pretty villages , big cities , architecture , the great outdoors ? 
  it 's easier to recommend unmissable things when we know what you 'll actually enjoy . 
  where are you staying ? 
  i 'd say at least have a proper pub lunch somewhere , and if you 're in london go to the british museum as it 's free and full of amazing things . 
  go see windsor palace or hampton court to get a sense of all of our history and pageantry , as we do that pretty well . 
  personally i 'd skip stonehenge if you 're only there for a week . 
  it 's not worth the day trip to drive there and back . 
  take a train out to somewhere like cambridge for the day , or maybe canterbury or york as they 're so pretty . 
  it 's like anything - an upgrade is attractive . 
  my car is fine now , but would i go for the chance to get a porsche or bugatti veyron ? 
  my boobs are fine , but if i had the money would i get them reduced ? 
  absolutely . 
  it 's not different , just an improvement on what i currently have . 
  broaden your horizons a little !, 
  look for jobs outside your speciality , or look for your speciality jobs in various locations . 
  i 'm guessing you 're in the uk , so you know how easy travel is between cities . 
  it can be hard to say goodbye to the city you loved at uni , but sometimes it 's better to give yourself some freedom and try to go back there later when you can live in better housing and enjoy the place more . 
  in the meantime , learn to drive - it 's * so * essential for making sleepy hometowns a little more bearable . 
  ugh , god no . 
  they 're all drunk idiots . 
  i would never , ever date one of his friends . 
  it would be far too weird . 
  i think essex has had a lovely summer !, 
  lots of hot weather , still warm enough today to have lunch on the deck and wear flat shoes instead of boots . 
  vast improvement on last year . 
  she is one of the big names , so you might well have tried it already , but for deep , complex characters in a wide political story with lots to discuss , pick up robin hobbs farseer trilogy , starting with assassin 's apprentice . 
  it 's not quite got the high fantasy magic you 're looking for , but if you like getting your teeth into good characters with a bit of grit in the pot , you ca n't get better than fitz and his ( rarher messy ) career . 
  i wondered that too . 
  she was n't exactly acting naturally , was she ? 
  fa was definitely quite slow , but i do n't think it was much slower than assassin 's apprentice or fool 's errand on their own . 
  hobb always does a lot of characterisation and setting in the first book . 
  i think the next two books will give us the big dramatic payoff we normally expect , especially with all of fas cliffhangers . 
  one younger brother . 
  we 're in our late twenties , and i swear whenever we 're both in the house at the same time it 's still like we 're six years old . 
  i have had times where we 've squabbled over the remote control and i 've been tempted to shout `` muuuum , tell him to give it back ! '', 
  then i remind myself i 'm twenty nine years old and i * can * just walk away ...
