  carr became groom of the bedchamber when he was young , and with that you have close personal access to the king with duties such as dressing the monarch each day . 
  the odnb suggests that james and carr became closer following a horse riding accident :, 
   `` at the accession day tilt in march 1607 kerr ( or , as the english spelt it , carr ) fell from his horse and broke his leg . 
  the accident proved a turning point in his fortunes . 
  the king decided to help nurse the injured groom and was soon captivated . 
  by the end of 1607 carr was widely recognized as a royal favourite , and in december he was knighted and created a gentleman of the bedchamber . '', 
  gentleman of the bedchamber were a big deal ; british history online sums up their duties as, 
   `` one gentleman of the bedchamber provided close attendance on the sovereign per week . 
  his duties included assisting the king at his dressing , waiting on him when he ate in private , guarding access to him in his bedchamber and closet and providing noble companionship , generally . '', 
  david bergeron also discusses another love affair that carr had with another courtier , thomas overbury , who became a secretary to carr . 
  he suggests that overbury actually opposed a marriage that carr was looking to arrange with frances howard , countess of essex , and a nice little twist at the end is bergeron 's suggestion that carr plotted with howard to murder overbury in the tower of london . 
  tudor and stuart politics , got to love them . 
  similarly , buckingham was brought up in the court and was originally a groom of the bedchamber after being a page to george home , late earl of dunbar . 
  lockyer here seems to carefully suggest that buckingham was deliberately placed under james ' gaze , which i find interesting :, 
   it was probably no coincidence that in august 1614 villiers was at apethorpe , the northamptonshire seat of sir anthony mildmay , when james i came to stay . 
  the king was known to be susceptible to the charms of good-looking young men , particularly those whose manners had been polished in france , and villiers made a good impression . 
  however , his scope for further advancement was limited by the fact that the king already had an established favourite , robert carr , recently created earl of somerset . 
  carr blocked a proposal to appoint villiers a gentleman of the king 's bedchamber , but he could not prevent his rival being given the post of cupbearer , which entailed waiting on the king at table . 
  james appreciated the fact that villiers , who had been carefully groomed by sir john graham , was well informed about public affairs and openly praised him for the quality of his conversation . 
  mark kishlansky also suggests that villiers was placed deliberately in front of the king `` at first buckingham 's star was irradiated by his own charm and beauty . 
  he was primped and preened by the protestant faction at court ( like so many howard girls for the marriage market ) to catch the eye of an ageing king . '', 
  buckingham in particular has a lot of critics and a lot of bias attached to him , particularly as he was assassinated by a disgruntled soldier , but we do know that once james died he then moved on to become a favourite of the next king charles i. 
  i 'm not entirely sure if you can argue one way or the other whether it was something pursued from both ends ( so to speak ) , but i think there is evidence that all of james ' favourites were at least open to relationships with other men and not just the king . 
  carr and buckingham both married , and james was perfectly happy to endorse those marriages , as long as they did n't interfere with royal duties . 
  yeah , i 'd definitely agree , especially when you get into court politics and roles like groom of the bedchamber . 
  they meant so much personal contact , and it 's really difficult to draw lines of ` attraction versus politics ' from this distance . 
  thank you !!, 
  i 've just finished my degree , so it 's nice to be able to flex some researching fingers again for my favourite bits of history . 
  my favourite bit of trivia is that ` sputnik ' was actually a shutdown code used on the winter soldier . 
  i 'm sure we ca n't read too much into it , but it 's a good choice !, 
  edit : you could always ask james gunn on his fb why he chose ` full tilt ' , op !, 
  he does amas pretty often and replies to a lot of people . 
  rasputin i 'm assuming refers to vanko 's links to howard stark as his advisor . 
  manhattan i 'm not certain about !, 
  frostbite - captain america coming out of the ice . 
  group hug - all of the avengers coming together as allies/friends . 
  caged heat - extremis being under the skin . 
  thursday mourning - thursday comes from the norse ` thors day ' , and mourning is probably in reference to the characters who die . 
  freezer burn - attacks from the winter soldier . 
  after party - ` after ' avengers or ultron , i suppose , whichever way you look at it . 
  big foot - teeny tiny ant man . 
  bluff - as in blind man 's bluff . 
  ringside - could be in reference to dd vs the punisher maybe ? 
  oh yes , probably !, 
  that works well . 
  ah , of course !, 
  i 'd guessed that it maybe referred to the project , but i could n't think how it all connected . 
  good call on the purple man , too - i 'd completely forgotten about that . 
  yes , it 's out over here on friday too . 
  toasted with butter melted in , peanut butter and jam makes for the most amazing weekend breakfast . 
  even if you * did * compromise , this issue with her dad is n't going to end once the leases are signed and you move in . 
  guaranteed , he is going to be like this to you and your friend * all year long * . 
  people this bossy and controlling do n't just back off and leave you alone , especially if he gets his way about where you find a house . 
  do you really want to live like that ? 
  oysters and fresh fish . 
  oystermen in my village also sell the oysters for stupidly inflated prices to rich londoners who spend silly amounts to have oysters in borough market . 
  i skipped liveships and jumped straight to tawny man ( which will break your heart , just so you know ) , but there are a couple of links between the series which threw me a bit on the reveal . 
  reading liveships does n't take you away * completely * from fitz , but it will open up the world for you and put more events in play . 
  well , there were a lot of neon yellows and greens used in daredevil , but i 'd hardly say it was camp - and really , ca n't that be applied to the joker too ? 
  i think it * does * kind of work , but it 's a really simplistic way to divide the two studios and misses a whole lot of nuances . 
  ugh , no . 
  that 's so creepy !, 
  your friend is deluded . 
  hardest would be my phone . 
  easiest would be ... oh i dunno , my bluetooth soundbar . 
  it 's my favourite thing ever and i use it constantly , but i do n't * need * it . 
  it 's just a big bonus plus . 
  [ henry 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqdtttq.jpg ) a cheeky little so and so !, 
  he knows exactly what he wants , and he will bug you and bug you until he gets it . 
  he 's also a gundog who has * no idea * what to do with birds . 
  he 'll sit there and bark at a pigeon nesting in a bush for twenty minutes straight , but god forbid one of them lands next to him in the garden , because he 'll freak out and run straight indoors . 
  i have to move away from him in august , and i 'm going to miss him * so much * . 
  single . 
  take it for my skin , not for contraception . 
  same . 
  i ca n't read mainstream erotica , it does absolutely nothing for me , but i * love * good smut fanfic . 
  i think knowing the characters better makes the difference for me . 
  zodiac is probably my favourite . 
  i do n't like horror or scary films much , but zodiac was just the right side of serial killer terribleness without being about the horror part . 
  women in history , female gamers , aristocratic ladies of the 1920s . 
  tesco express is more for `` oh bugger , i ran out of bread '' or `` i 'll pick up a ready meal for dinner '' than anything else . 
  it 's a last minute fill in place , really . 
  loved loved loved it !, 
  so much funnier than i was expecting , and just a brilliant , solid marvel film . 
  did anyone else catch that dialogue right in the very first scene where howard says to pym `` i thought you were in russia dealing with your soldier . '', 
  reference to bucky maybe ? 
  two guys in my showing sort of hung around uncertainly at the back just after the first one and i was like `` it 's okay , there is another one ! '', 
  there was a whole load more people who left , but about 2/3rds stayed . 
  definitely worth 3d , the effects are amazing . 
  they really put the effort in to make it worthwhile . 
  i almost think seeing it in 2d will lose some of the oomph in the action sequences . 
  in the opening scene , i 'm sure howard says to hank `` i thought you were in russia , working on your soldier ? '', 
  before he gets cut off . 
  a reference to bucky , maybe ?? 
  it definitely caught my attention . 
  favourite bot ever . 
  how * young * it feels sometimes . 
  i hate to be all get-off-my-lawn , but my dashboard at certain times of the day feels like i 've just stumbled into a thirteen year olds slumber party . 
  if i go back a few hours later , there 's a much older , more sensible lot of people posting . 
  it 's really weird .
