  i ca n't entirely imagine gymnastics being desegregated - women do events like the beam for a reason ( smaller , lighter , more agile ) which the focus on strength training for men on the rings and pommel would n't really support . 
  we 're not fighting with you and we do n't think you 're stupid . 
  we just get annoyed when americans pull the heritage card is all . 
  heritage does n't matter a jot to us , so when americans get all possessive over it , it completely baffles us . 
  and to us , you are absolutely american . 
  because he 's insecure . 
  it 's also a bad sign that you say he 's * insisting * he has to know . 
  he does n't have to know anything . 
  you do n't need to tell him anything , and if he 's trying to force the issue i 'd tell him quite clearly where to go . 
  whoah whoah whoah , that 's a hell of an assumption leap you 've just made there !, 
  op is wearing * basic * makeup to look professional in a professional environment , like most other working women in the world !, 
  where on earth did ` you do n't care about your husband , you just want to flirt ' come from ? 
  and there are a bunch of reasons why she should n't have to tell him , number one being that it 's none of his business . 
  she 's free from stis and they 've only been seeing each other for two weeks . 
  this * is * just a random guy . 
  his insecurity over sex partners is * not * her problem . 
  pgce student at uea this year , previous degree from the open university . 
  worth it , though !, 
  gorgeous lighting . 
  i say that to my friends * all the time * . 
  even if it 's only been a week , i say `` it feels like i have n't talked to you in aaaaaaages '', 
  so , you know , stop over thinking it . 
  you 're fine . 
  one small correction , there are n't any year 9 sats anymore . 
  gcses you take a total of around 10 subjects , and this is where students tend to start to specialise , as you can end up with gcses that are either science/maths heavy or humanities heavy if you prefer . 
  oh , and secondary phase tends to he all in one school now . 
  we used to do the tertiary middle/high school change but they 're being phased out . 
  most secondaries start from age 11 ( year 7 ) , though some independent schools take their senior cohort from age 13 ( year 9 ) . 
  schools are either 11-16 ( gcse final exams ) , 11-18 ( a - level final exams ) or sixth form colleges to just teach a - level students . 
  years 7 to 9 are called key stage 3 and offer a general education of all subjects . 
  years 10 and 11 are called key stage 4 and these are the years where students start to specialise their learning and can choose a selection of around 10 subjects to study to gcse level . 
  years 12 and 13 are alternately called key stage 5 or lower and upper sixth and are further specialised down to around 4 subjects , which are then studied to a - level . 
  sixth form is also where students apply to university , where just one subject is studied to degree level . 
  the education system as far as * types * of schools is quite complicated and getting more so every year thanks to the previous and current government . 
  you can now go to a comprehensive , a grammar school , an academy , a free school , a faith school , an independent school ( fee paying ) , a public school ( extra prestigious and fee paying ) , a sixth form college , or a university technical college . 
  you might also have single sex schools in any of those categories . 
  the vast majority of students wear uniform from years 7-11 , but sixth forms either ask for office smart clothes or just every day wear . 
  # 14k through loans , teacher trainee , 30 , hopefully from september starting on about # 24k depending where i get hired . 
  it 'll be nice to be able to have some savings for once . 
  i 'd never read the im comics so i loved the mandarin twist . 
  i thought it was a perfect undermining of expectations , and i was seriously so confused when i saw all the outrage about it . 
  i still am confused !, 
  it was a great turn . 
  i 'm in a postgrad house at the moment in norwich and there 's five of us . 
  monthly rent for a double room is # 280 each . 
  utilities is something like # 6 a month for broadband and # 11 a month for water ( i might have that the wrong way round ) . 
  heat is billed quarterly and i think the sept - nov bill was # 35 each . 
  i love love love my big , hairy , soppy dog , and i will snuggle with him on the sofa until the cows come home , but he is not ( and no dogs i own will ever be ) allowed on my bed . 
  for one thing , henry has his own comfy bed which is elevated off the floor and has two squashy dog beds piled on each other , plus blankets . 
  he is very comfortable , believe me . 
  for another thing , he has stayed with me in hotel rooms when we travel to dog shows and that animal does * not stop pacing * . 
  he pants , he snores , he paces around the room , he whines occasionally , and he leaves hair * everywhere * . 
  no thank you . 
  i like my sleep . 
  he likes his sleep . 
  i am 100 % better off with dogs having their own space and own bed , instead of cramping into mine . 
  pets are family , yes , but everyone in my family also has their own room . 
  i do n't sleep in the same bed as my brother , but i think he 'd be annoyed if i called him a possession . 
  our dogs have always slept downstairs in their own squashy beds and been very happy . 
  most of the time we [ ca n't get henry out of his !, 
   he has stayed up in my room when we had an overwhelming amount of guests ( and small children ) over before and he actually stayed on his bed instead of climbing onto mine . 
  so he certainly * seems * to prefer it !, 
  aww look at that little face !, 
  i 'm 30 and i know i definitely watched episodes of it when i was younger , but i ca n't remember if that was on nickelodeon or terrestrial tv . 
  how can there be ragnarok footage when nothing has been filmed yet ? 
  either historical non-fiction or fantasy fiction . 
  i recommended the farseer trilogy by robin hobb to my best friend , but now i 've ended up hooked and re - reading it all over again !, 
  i 'm one of them and i just generally think i 've got a very busy life . 
  op , this is n't a small issue that you can just fix by putting in some boundaries . 
  he needs to * want * to change , or find a poly relationship that would suit him better . 
  you need to be with someone that you can completely trust without worrying about whether he 's going to break your rules . 
  you may love him loads , but is love really the trump card when you 've already told us that you ca n't trust him ? 
  i 'm a teacher trainee and have just started being form tutor for a year 8 class who will * not * stop talking . 
  monday is silent reading ( which they hate ) , and before their normal form tutor had come into the class i had them silent and all reading . 
  the form tutor was really impressed and told me i could take them all the time !, 
  win !, 
  i 'm 30 and currently in uni retraining for a whole new career as a teacher . 
  i 'm getting great feedback from my mentor and university on how well i 'm doing so far . 
  my mum completely changed her career and went back to university to become a social worker when she was in her fifties and is climbing the ranks very steadily . 
  you are absolutely 100 % * not * too old at 23/24 . 
  actually , i think it 's estimated that people in our generation will retrain for three wholly different careers in their lifetimes , so you 're perfectly average !, 
  teacher trainee in the uk . 
  i 'm in school for a staff meeting at 8am , and then until 3.30 i 'm either observing lessons , teaching lessons or planning my next lot of lessons in an office somewhere . 
  sometimes i stay until 4.30 / 5pm , other days i nip off as soon as the car park/bus park is clear . 
  the day goes * really * fast , but most days i come home completely wiped out , even when i have n't got a full workload yet . 
  do n't frame it as an ` are you sleeping with someone else ? ', 
  question , but more as in the ` just want to check we 're on the same page about where this is going ' talk . 
  it 's the same question , just framed in different ways . 
  waiting/waitressing in a cafe or restaurant is the first one that springs to mind . 
  you can take alcohol to tables as long as you 're not pouring it from pumps or mixing drinks up . 
  i think most people realise that diana did a lot of good work , but she was also human rather than a saint . 
  camilla used to be vilified , but it generally feels like opinions of her have mellowed out and she 's seen as a pretty good partner for charles . 
  i certainly have nothing against her - she does as much charity work as any other member of the royal family . 
  it 's twenty minutes long , but [ this ted talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks-_mh1qhmc ) by amy cuddy is a really , really good guide for quickly making yourself feel more settled and confident just by changing your body language . 
  it 's so great for interviews and situations where you just need to feel more in control . 
  my maternal nanna did n't serve , but lived through the war in north shields , uk . 
  she told me about one time when the air raid siren went but she was nowhere near a shelter . 
  she was running through the dark to get back home or get back to a shelter with bombs dropping behind her the whole way . 
  she said her mum went absolutely spare when they found each other again, 
  my maternal grandfather was also in the raf and flew planes to their next assignments all over the world .
