  prodding and poking at wounds is not going to help you get over this . 
  leave her alone and go and work on yourself instead . 
  technically until you know your results to say you 've passed and have official confirmation of that , i suspect you 're still classified as a student . 
  you 're not working , therefore you 're not earning , therefore the company should n't be required to pay you . 
  if you had to invoice it , how would you justify charging for any sunday earnings ? 
  they 're already paying for your housing and food !, 
  do n't be greedy , op . 
  start with assassins apprentice and work your way through the farseer trilogy . 
  you wo n't regret it !, 
  you had your chance and blew it . 
  she kept asking you and asking you for more time and attention , and you just ignored her and chose your friends instead . 
  i 'm not surprised she broke up with you . 
  for what it 's worth , it was never about ` have you put in as much as i have ? ', 
  it sounds like she was always your second option , not your first and in the end she just got tired of it . 
  you paying her attention now is far , far too late . 
  love is n't just love in isolation . 
  you need to * nurture * it . 
  you did n't , and she left . 
  learn your lesson from this for next time , and get ready to go and enjoy your university life . 
  you 'll meet plenty of other girls there . 
  you 've already given her flowers . 
  you 've given her a note . 
  she 's asked you not to talk to her for a while . 
  for your own sense of pride , please * listen * to her ( which , i should also point out , is the whole reason she broke up with you in the first place ) and do what she asks . 
  it 'll help both of you to get past all of this . 
  disappointed in * us * because you give us no explanation of what 's happening in your life other than someone elses blog post ? 
  op , stop being cryptic and childish . 
  if it 's so secret either a ) make a throwaway account with fake names , or b ) do n't post it on a public forum . 
  it seriously can not be * that * confidential . 
  we have people post anonymously on here who are in fear for their lives because of abusive partners . 
  are your dating issues that life threatening ? 
  i love tawny man more than farseer - it expands the world and characters much further , and like / u/yer _ a_lizard says , is much more about court intrigue than farseer is . 
  tawny man is * heartbreaking * though - if you loved fitz and the fool as characters , you 'll love those books . 
  i would maybe recommend reading liveships first though , as there are some reveals and plot lines in tawny man that tie directly into liveships . 
  it 's called * fools assassin * and comes out in august !, 
  pretty much everything , yup . 
  i trust my friends . 
  maybe you should start trusting yours . 
  my first one . 
  he decided he had multiple personality disorder and would switch into this ` alternate ' fantasy character personality , then get really pissed off when i laughed at him . 
  i mean , it probably was n't that nice to laugh at him , but i was seventeen and he sounded like an idiot . 
  also he cheated on me with my then best friend . 
  several times . 
  who has since been an ex-friend for about ... oh , ten years now . 
  so , he was a winner . 
  [ tom hiddleston ] ( http://static.tumblr.com/9kgzoq4/uwwm8e5c9/th.png ) . 
  now that is a beautiful man . 
  henry cavill is * stunning * . 
  probably every six to eight weeks or so . 
  i have thick mid length hair that i 'm growing out and i * love * my hour in the salon . 
  i 'll book an appointment when my style starts getting tatty or my layers go wonky . 
  i like my hair sleek and tamed . 
  i go to the same salon every time as they 've always given me a great cut , and it 's around # 35 a time - i guess that 's $ 60-ish ? 
  a ) she 's told you repeatedly that she does n't want a relationship . 
  sooo ... she does n't want a relationship . 
  b ) this is better suited to / r/relationships . 
  go ask them over there . 
  her [ pastel blue oscar dress ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/03/05/article-0-1c009a6300000578-163_634x555.jpg ) was the most * divine * choice of clothes i have ever seen . 
  she looked * perfect * . 
  emma watson , keira knightley ( especially with her wavy bob hair , so cute ) , scarlett johanssen . 
  i do formal dates all the time , and i do n't date more than one person at a time . 
  i 'll only go on dates for a couple of times before i start asking ` what are we ' though - the idea of going through ` stages ' of dates just seems frustrating to me . 
  my favourite was him playing the duke of suffolk in the tudors . 
  [ unf ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/7c605b4c879992de0458699bd0c80c8e/tumblr_msqfbyofml1r0s5ito1_500.jpg ) . 
  companionship , really . 
  someone to share fun times with , go on adventures with , cuddle with on cold nights , tell all of my good days and bad days to and someone both to lean on and who wants to lean on me . 
  my friends are great and wonderful people , but not available in the same way as a relationship is , you know ? 
  i 've been doing a day a week at a local secondary school for a year to get experience ahead of applying for a pgce this november . 
  it 's been incredibly varied and i 've loved it !, 
  i picked out two or three local schools and wrote actual physical letters to them , addressed either to the head or head of department asking for voluntary work . 
  i explained i was looking for pgce experience , i had done [ x ] school-related activity already and was willing to help with absolutely anything . 
  i got one polite rejection and two requests for an introductory meeting , and then the school managed my crb application . 
  they 've been so good to me and the experience i 've got from them has been invaluable . 
  email can be ignored and deleted so easily ; write a letter instead . 
  it worked for me . 
  be brief and courteous and explain why you are writing in the first place as well as a line or two stating why you 'd like to work in that school , how long you 'd like the placement to be and your availability . 
  give your contact details too , of course !, 
  also , think about the time of year you 're writing - it 's almost the very end of the school year now and it * might * be too late for any of them to put something in place . 
  ooooh it looks gorgeous with the foil !, 
  why is august still so far away ... ? 
  i do adult gymnastics , and the open gym sessions i go to have a lot of free runners practicing their stuff . 
  it 's very , very cool to watch , and i * would * give it a go , except most of the time it 's them doing insane leaps between things that i 'm far too nervous to try and copy !, 
  i 'm a 30g and do gymnastics with all sorts of tumbling and trampoline work and get zero aches at all . 
   you just need the right sports bra !, 
  shockwave have always been brilliant for me . 
  little . 
  it 's cosy !, 
  you 've told her your point of view . 
  you 've asked her to stop ( repeatedly ) . 
  she 's said no . 
  you ca n't * make * her do anything , no matter how much you do or do n't like it . 
  i 'm certain she 's fully aware of the effects smoking has on the body , seeing as you 're both in the field you 're in . 
  basically , it 's up to you now . 
  she clearly has no desire to change and stop smoking . 
  you can have as many serious conversations about it as you like - if she wanted to quit , she would quit . 
  either you accept that this is something that she does or you go find another non smoking girlfriend . 
  have you been out dating at all ? 
  using things like tinder or ok cupid ? 
  you 're just in a bit of a slump is all - i had a four year ` drought ' as well , but when i went on a few dates with a guy i really liked it all came roaring back . 
  you need to make the effort to go out there and meet new people - you ca n't just sit back and expect them to come to you .
