  there 's shitloads of erotica of any choosing i like on the internet already . 
  just go rooting through [ a03 ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/ ) for a while to find some hot smutty fic , all for free . 
  i use a sensitive skin hair remover , which you just leave on for five minutes and then scrape off again . 
  i get mine from boots , if you 're in the uk ? 
  i should think that if it 's microchipped in your mum 's name , cared for by your mum and registered ( official kc registered ? ), 
  with your mum too , then your sister does n't have much of a leg to stand on as far as ownership goes . 
  after all , if the dog was lost it would be your mum that was contacted by the dog warden , not your sister . 
  i would call her bluff on that one , especially as she gave it as a gift . 
  i 'm from the uk and strongly in favour of gun control . 
  i like that our police do n't routinely carry , i like that guns are not widely available and i like that they are generally out of the system . 
  as far as crime goes , you * very * rarely hear about shootings - as far as i 'm aware our biggest domestic terror attacks ( 7/7 , lee rigby , glasgow airport ) did n't involve guns in any form . 
  i do n't think the general public should be allowed free access to guns at all , and i 'm also not in favour of giving children plastic guns as toys , either . 
  the best line that has ever ever been said to me was , and i quote , `` if you have any vacancies open for the position of ` your boyfriend ' , i think i could be top of the list . '', 
  uh -- thanks . 
  but no . 
  well ... it was said to me whilst out on a date ( i admit i misread the post title ) , and every girl i 've told it to cracks up laughing . 
  so ... cringey rather than crazy maybe , but still pretty bad . 
  i always wear tights when i put on a skirt or a dress . 
  smooth covered legs look so much nicer !, 
  also , can i just say that i hate the word ` pantyhose ' . 
  it 's such an awful phrase !, 
  i 'd like to get 8 or 9 , realistically i get 6 or 7 hours a night . 
  detaching from the internet is hard !, 
  i love bake off !, 
  totally no shame . 
  sue and mel are the best part . 
  god , me too . 
  most of it is just basic addition , subtraction , multiplication , division stuff . 
  there 's fractions and percentages and some conversion in there ( miles to km stuff ) and a bit of reading graphs and doing mean , mode , and the other m one . 
  half the test is mental maths where you have 18 seconds exactly to solve the problem , and half is on screen stuff where you can use a calculator and shit . 
  the problem i have is that i can look at a problem and go , oh , i need to times this by this and take away this ... and then i do all of that in the right way and get the wrong answer !, 
  it 's so frustrating , and i had a little mini breakdown earlier just because i ca n't get this damn stuff right . 
  i think i just need to do more practice . 
  little tiny bits , you know ? 
  1 + 1 and all that . 
  i 'm good at cvs and cover letters though !, 
  anything i can help you with ? 
  the best people never do !, 
  what kind of things do you like and how old are you ? 
  i 'm 29 and this is my second big career change , so do n't panic !, 
  it does n't have to be all figured out straight away . 
  ugh that sounds so frustrating . 
  like walking on quicksand . 
  it 's bad enough for me doing basic division - i ca n't imagine doing higher level calculus stuff !, 
  your poor fried brain . 
  80 % sounds really really good to me !, 
  what 's the pass mark for the test going to be ? 
  i hit that back in march . 
  total apathy towards absolutely everything except facebook and tumblr . 
  it 's a nightmare trying to force your way through it . 
  maybe just try a few really easily sorted tiny things and see if that helps you get some mojo back ? 
  the amount of reading law people do !, 
  it 's insane . 
  do you know what you 'll move into doing instead ? 
  but it 's still a pass !, 
  i have massive faith that you 'll be fine . 
  best of luck for wednesday !, 
  total and complete idiots . 
  i can not stand drunk men and i actively avoid them wherever possible . 
  i do n't mind people being tipsy , but fully drunk or high is a no no . 
  sweet . 
  i ca n't stand bitter coffee , i always have to have some sugar or flavoured syrup in it . 
  incidentally , i tried starbuck 's pumpkin spiced latte the other day and it was really nice !, 
  i 've never eaten/drunk pumpkin flavoured anything before . 
  a la eddie izzard - `` i like my men like i like my coffee -- covered in bees ! '', 
  my alarm 's set for 7:15 , but i normally wake up just before 7 . 
  then i laze around in bed until 7:45 and enjoy being warm and snuggly for a while . 
  oh , probably . 
  i 'm terrible at replying to texts so i would n't be surprised if i 'd fibbed about it at some point . 
  well , i tripped over today and twisted my ankle , so i guess my super moon power is hurting myself in new and obnoxious ways . 
  you can take lessons without the theory , but you have to have passed theory to book in for the practical test . 
  i 'm not american , but i dislike their big policies ( that i know about ) and lean much more liberal than american republicans . 
  voting for them , if i could , would n't be in my best interests . 
  oh my gosh , you are * fit * . 
  are you normally a welshie or was this a one time occurance ? 
  happy birthday !, 
  you look very much like an old friend of mine too . 
  you look like captain america with a beard !, 
  seriously , you 're insanely cute . 
  [ this is me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3guldof.png ) from this weekend . 
  i went on a boat on the thames !, 
  we had gin , and it was brilliant . 
  also , sometimes i show dogs and [ i went to crufts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/li8sa7d.jpg ) this year . 
  your hair looks so * soft * !, 
  also , your glasses are adorable . 
  i wish i could pull off lipstick like that !, 
  you 're totally cute . 
  short hair looks insanely adorable on you . 
  i love it !, 
  you and the cat are * both * rocking that sultry stare . 
  at least once a week , twice if i could manage it . 
  my workload is going to be ridiculous this year - one full time job , one part time job , full time degree study , and making time for hobbies , but if i met a guy i * really * liked i would try and make room for him in the evenings or over the weekend . 
  i do n't think more than twice a week would be realistic , though - i 've got too much else on my plate , and a new romance unfortunately does n't hit high on the priority list . 
  for sure . 
  if i 'm pissed off at absolutely everything , it 's normally one of three things causing it . 
  1 ) i have n't slept enough . 
  sleep keeps me sane . 
  2 ) i have n't eaten lately . 
  my best friend insists that when i have n't had any food i turn into the hulk and rampage about everything . 
  i do n't think i 'm quite * that * bad , but it 's probably mostly true .
