  eh , i 'm pretty generally healthy . 
  i do n't get sick very often , and when i do it 's normally only for a few days . 
  bad :, 
  * weak wrists, 
  * lots of fillings in my teeth - probably down to my insatiable chocolate habit . 
  * acne-prone skin, 
  * bad back and shoulders , full of lots of tension and knots . 
  i 'm in desperate need of a really good swedish massage . 
  * recently i 've had unexplained pain in my hips when walking , bad enough to make me have to stop and sit down for a while . 
  i do n't know what causes it , but it does worry me for when i 'm older . 
  * frequent headaches . 
  good :, 
  * healthy weight, 
  * hair always seems to be in great condition . 
  * not often sick . 
  * pretty easy periods, 
  * getting pretty flexible and strong from my sport of choice . 
  that we 've actually * had * a summer , this being england . 
  it 's been heaven to sit out in our ` gin and tonic ' spot in the garden , read a book and get a tan for once . 
  a re-read of the whole farseer and tawny man trilogies by robin hobb , a re-read of catching fire and mockingbird from the hunger games trilogy , the letters of the younger pliny , and quite a thick book on the english reformation as background reading for my university course starting in october . 
  i have a fairly reasonable tan so far . 
  pleased to recieve the flowers , * incredibly * weirded out once i realised i hardly knew the guy they were from . 
  i would probably thank him out of sheer politeness , but completely avoid him from then on . 
  well , if i knew him enough to talk to him i would probably take him aside for a moment and ask him why on earth he sent me flowers , and request nicely that he please never do it again . 
  the most i 've done to plan my life around it is to run two of my pill packs together consecutively to avoid having my period while i was travelling around the other week on holiday . 
  otherwise , nothing . 
  i do have a calendar , but only as an alarm on my mobile to remind me to take my pill each day . 
  if a date gets arranged when i 'm on , then there just wo n't be any sexytimes . 
  simple . 
  honestly , it 's just something that happens . 
  if you had a bruise show up on your leg for five days at about the same time every month would you arrange dates around the bruise time or just make sure you were wearing trousers instead of shorts that day ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  it depends hugely on what pill you 're on and how your own personal body chemistry reacts to it . 
  i 'm on one that apparently makes a lot of women grow extra hair and put on weight . 
  i 've had neither of those things happen to me - it just does what it 's supposed to , which is sorting my skin out . 
  maybe if i 'd tried another one it would have had lots of side effects . 
  hey , prince william is going bald . 
  just tell any picky women you come across that you 're emulating royalty . 
  good !, 
  it has to be - i currently live at home and work for my dad in our very small office . 
  if i did n't get along with them i 'd be having some serious issues !, 
  i 'm 28 now and my mum is one of my best friends , even though her constant ` advice ' drove me * nuts * when i was your age and still does now . 
  i know that she does it out of the real desire to see me succeed in what i want , and she 's not interfering to be nosy - just to help . 
  i think you take them much less for granted when you get older , and especially when you can get some of your own independence and do n't need to rely on them for money or transport . 
  do n't try and rush towards getting away from them so much - you do n't want to regret missing out on time spent with them when they 're finally gone . 
  i really do n't like bulky , muscly guys . 
  it puts me off massively . 
  i tend to prefer slender , toned men - think diver rather than weightlifter . 
  saying that , i go to gymnastics classes and appreciate a lot of the men who do free running there with their shirts off , and they tend to have quite large arms and developed chests . 
  i mean , the stereotype of accountants make them sound like dull , boring types , but i hardly think that 's universally true . 
  i would n't be put off dating an accountant if that 's what you 're asking . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  there are songs that remind me of being in secondary school , one that reminds me really vividly of hanging out in an old friend 's bedroom doing nothing in particular , and another that reminds me of sitting in the study getting prepared to go off and do camp america . 
  i get there early , get a tasty wine spritzer and get me some dutch courage . 
  oh , and i have a backup excuse plan for getting away early if he 's dull . 
  the father has every right to say what he thinks about it and what he would prefer . 
  he does not have the right to insist that the woman follows his opinion , whether he wants it or not . 
  she 's carrying it , she 's developing it , she 'll give birth to it . 
  she decides . 
  in no way , shape or form . 
  i have zero attachment to him . 
  the sex was fun , the relationship was n't , and he 's just a bit of an idiot to be honest . 
  because / r/gonewild posters are a small subsection of women and do n't represent all of us . 
  plus , the difference is that women do n't * only * want to be complimented on looks . 
  i 'm sure lots of the girls who post to gw would like to be complimented on their personalities as much as they enjoy getting appreciative remarks on their boobs . 
  my english setter puppy dog , henry . 
  cuddling on the sofa with him just makes me happy every time . 
  but gw girls ( and your facebook friends ) have posted photos of themselves * specifically * to drive compliments on their looks . 
  it 's what they 're asking for . 
  most women , who are just being themselves day to day are not asking to be told , out of the blue , that their tits looks really good in that top or just how sexy they look . 
  it 's not invited . 
  it 's not wanted . 
  just because she does n't like it does n't mean she 's ignorant about it . 
  i do n't think you 're going to come out with much of a happy solution about it all , to be honest . 
  after all , i 'm guessing you 've been keeping it secret from her for the length of your relationship - she might well be more upset about that than anything else . 
  yup !, 
  i 'm 28 and i * wish * i could go back and do my a-levels and uni degree all over again , just so i could actually take it seriously . 
  it 's only now , when i 'm electively doing a second degree in a totally different subject that i 'm really putting in the effort that i should have had twelve years ago . 
  working a shift at my weekend job in one of the local pubs . 
  rock n roll . 
  i used to say something like this when i was 15 , and thought a detached ` bad boy ' was the coolest thing in the world and that ` the chase ' was the most fun part of any relationship . 
  now i 'm 28 , i would * never * put up with that crap . 
  if a man ignores me , i ignore him right back and move on to another guy who will give me the attention i deserve . 
  i want to date a man , not a silly boy who plays games and thinks treating me badly will get him in my knickers out of desperation . 
  so yes , if your friend wants to date girls , he can go right ahead and ignore them as much as he likes . 
  if he wants to date * women * he needs to buck his ideas up . 
  of * course * they do n't approve . 
  it 's kind of a no brainer that they 're not going to be over the moon about you now dating the girl you cheated on your ex with , and it 's a bit daft of you to expect that everyone will say `` oh , okay !, 
  '' , wipe the slate clean and be fine with your new relationship . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  which do you want to keep more , your old friends or your new girlfriend ? 
  because really , you 're going to have to choose one or the other . 
  i 'd recommend making new friends , or breaking up with the new girlfriend and going cap in hand to your old ones . 
   and lol !, 
  a year off of work and school ? 
  the fuck is this ? 
  sounds like the girlfriend 's doing a gap year . 
  it 's a pretty common thing to do for teenagers before heading off to uni and is mostly used for travelling or volunteering . 
  does n't sound like she 's doing much of that , though .
