  they wo n't turn into a raging boss-monster and fire you at the drop of a hat just for asking , i promise . 
  history , which is a lifelong love for me . 
   october is going to be difficult , and i 'll probably end up dropping my weekend bar job , or at least going from two days a week to one , but it 'll be manageable . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  op , how quick or severe has her weight gain or the decrease in sex been ? 
  it might be natural , it might be symptomatic of something bigger like depression . 
  maybe sitting on netflix is their way to have time out from their busy life , rather than scheduling out extra time to spend dating a boyfriend . 
  skipping over that bit of patronisation , yes , there have been times where my workload has been too much for me to devote the time that a boyfriend really deserves . 
  it 's the same reason why i 've only been recently able to get a dog . 
  just because she works with abused women does n't mean she does n't have the capacity to be emotionally abusive herself . 
  you 've made this post a bit too generic , i have to admit - you have n't said anything of what your girlfriend is * actually * like other than the fact that she 's dramatic and a hypochondriac solely to get attention . 
  which does n't really make her sound like the nicest person in the world , but okay . 
  i would also wonder if your last line about the fact that * you * are the abusive one is an idea that she has given you . 
  i think that if two different sets of couples are telling you that your relationship is abusive then you need to take a step back and listen to them . 
  just because this girlfriend is better than your last does n't mean she 's the be all and end all for you . 
  gymnastics classes . 
  i 'm 28 years old and i fucking love learning how to do back somersaults and spins on the beam . 
  best thing ever . 
  you 're almost guaranteed it . 
  i heard of a guy who worked royal caribbean with a girlfriend at each end of the ship . 
  it had such a large crew the two of them never met . 
  just apply directly to the lines . 
  that 's what i did as a stage manager . 
  i applied to an agency that handled disney crew , a regent contract came up first so i took that . 
  i applied directly to royal caribbean the second time around . 
  western crew contracts typically last six months , so the turnover is quite high . 
  casual english country chic . 
  i like skinny jeans , country boots , long sleeved tops and bodywarmers with scarves best . 
  autumn is definitely my season . 
  england : would you like some tea ? 
  and conversely ... 
  scotland : you 'll have had your tea ? 
  it 's habit for me to offer one , yes . 
  i 'm not saying openreach always * deserve * one , but it 's polite to at least offer . 
  i do n't see sex as a sacred thing either ( in fact , i think sex is generally a bit fun and a bit weird ) , but most of the partners i 've had ( 11 in all ) have been ons and short term flings , so i 'm just sick of meaningless sex . 
  i held out for three years as right now i 'd rather sleep with someone who , if not in a dedicated relationship , at least likes dating me rather than just fucking me . 
  hahahaha thanks . 
  it was fun , if not * totally * amazing , but i 'm looking forward to doing plenty of getting-to-know-you with him . 
  he 's not my so ( yet ) , but i 've been on some promising dates lately . 
  i have/had a little line on my profile saying something like `` you should message me if ... you 're free for coffee next week '' , and he basically messaged me saying `` i 'm free for dinner next week , are you ? '', 
  i looked at his profile , decided he was cute and said yes . 
  hey , the direct approach works for me . 
  i 've always said it as `` cracking the whip '' , and it just means to hurry someone up . 
  i 'd assume it comes from using a whip to speed up horses pulling a carriage . 
  do n't give me a wet fish handshake . 
  if i 'm shaking anyone 's hand , i 'm going to do it properly with a firm hold . 
  it 's only going to last three seconds or so , and i 'm pretty sure you wo n't break my fingers . 
  grasping my fingers delicately would probably have been fine in 1910 , but i 'm a modern woman . 
  when you shake my hand , meet my eyes , smile warmly , and let go . 
  it should be brief , firm and welcoming - too much eye contact goes into creepy territory , so does holding the hand for too long . 
  to be honest , do n't think about it too much !, 
  i skimmed over your comment and thought you 'd asked if they still make the muggle version . 
  where do you buy your cars from ? 
  being pedantic , if you gave me $ 30,000 it would become # 19,000 so i 'd get a citroen ds3 because they are goooorgeous . 
  if you gave me # 30,000 i 'd be a show off and get a range rover freelander 2 with all the trimmings . 
  because i like sitting up high , even if they are chelsea tractors . 
  i enjoyed the actual encounter , it was always hot and fun , but the lack of intimacy and closeness afterwards always bugged me . 
  i do n't have casual sex anymore as i 'd much rather have the emotional connection of a relationship than a brief chase . 
  i have one full time job during the week , one part time job on the weekends and one voluntary placement a week . 
  oh , and i start a new full time distance learning degree in a month . 
  and i have hobbies like dog showing ( which often takes up a class in the week and a day on the weekends ) and gymnastics training . 
  not to mention any social time with friends i can squeeze in , and some down time to satisfy my introverted side . 
  so if a guy wants to date me , the most time i can do is once or twice a week . 
  but right now i 'm going on dates with a guy who is just as busy as me , and can only really see me on the weekends either , or once every couple of weeks . 
  that 's fine - i really could n't commit to much more than that anyway . 
  the difference is , i actively want to make time for him in my schedule . 
  i like him , so i 'll move things around and skips things to see him , if necessary . 
  if you can do that , and you like the girl enough to do that , then i think you 'll be fine . 
  it 's only when you do n't try to make any time for a relationship that you might get issues cropping up . 
  my mum took me to get mine done when i was twelve or thirteen . 
  it was a fun thing for us to do together , she treated me to it and i liked the way it looked . 
  the pain is really only a brief thing and is hardly traumatic . 
  i remember i did n't wear earrings for * forever * as a teenager ( as i 'm allergic to nickel so they would get sore ) so one side closed up . 
  i wanted it open again to wear some pretty jewellery so i remember quite clearly sitting in my kitchen at university sterilising an earring and pushing it back through . 
  that probably hurt more , seeing as it took longer !, 
  earrings are n't * important * to me , but i have short hair so i like that pretty earrings help lengthen my face and are more obvious . 
  i go through stages where i wear them loads and other stages where i do n't wear them for ages . 
  shock absorber bras are * godsends * . 
  i have multiple pairs for my 30g jiggly bits and love them to death . 
   jimmy savile was never even tried . 
  well that was possibly because there was only an investigation mounted against him after he 'd died . 
  bit hard to try someone posthumously . 
  well , neither and both really . 
  i started off wanting some , but then i kind of realised i 'd rather wait until i got to sleep with someone who actually cared about me and wanted to be with me . 
  in the end it turned into `` i 'm just not worried about sex and i 'm okay with staying celibate until that person turns up . '', 
  so i became more lax about it as time went on . 
  fine . 
  i 've taken a guy 's virginity before and it was fine , really . 
  over * very * quickly , though . 
  hmmmm . 
  i got cooked steaks when i had a date over a guy 's house about a week ago and they were * amazing * . 
  he kept apologising for not cooking a ` proper ' meal and i was like are you kidding ? 
  i love steak . 
  it was medium rare with onion rings and proper thick chunky chips and a salad on the side , and reeeeally good . 
  some of my favourite home-cooked meals ( my dad is the best cook ever , i swear ) is warmed potato salad with mint fresh from the garden and this uh-ma-zing prawn and fennel soup that we always have in winter with garlic bread . 
  it 's slightly hot , slightly spicy , very tomato-ey and just the best thing ever . 
  i * always * request it when the weather gets cold . 
  edit : oh god , you know what i 'm craving now ? 
  fucking sunday roast dinners , man . 
  tender lamb with mint sauce , crispy roast potatoes with little almost over-crisped parsnips , slivers of carrot , cauliflower with cheese sauce slathered over it and massive thick yorkshire puddings , all of it drenched in gravy .
