  i can guarantee that i do not walk down the high street on a saturday morning thinking ` gosh , i hope someone asks out sad little old me today ! ', 
  if i were to willingly became a lesbian ? 
  sure , i would probably be more than happy . 
  i get along really really well with women anyway , so i would n't have any issues about which way i turned . 
  liveship is wonderful , but just wait until you get to tawny man . 
  hobb has the ability to break your heart in so many amazing ways . 
  you 're going to love it . 
  i am , and my history ba is with the ou too . 
   uea accepted me for the pgce this september , and i 've heard it 's ridiculously stupid hard work too , but honestly right now i 'm ou-ing full time as well as working full time so i think i 'll deal okay . 
  what level are you on right now ? 
  aa100 arts past and present ? 
  a200 is * hard * ( and dull , i will admit it ) but it teaches you really essential skills to be a historian and it 's been invaluable for me , especially now with a327 which is all about modern europe and the 20th century . 
  on the other hand i loved loved loved a219 and it 's reignited my passion for everything classical . 
  i 'd always recommend it . 
  another great video !, 
  i 'd forgotten about how the aos 40s events with whitehall mix in with agent carter and first avenger . 
  no mention of bucky barnes ` death ' and lead in to the winter soldier , though ? 
  i particularly love the gotg european press conference where chris pratt and james gunn got really enthusiastic about their idea for star-lord to [ shoot tony stark in the face ] ( https://youtu.be/fkavax_gqra ) . 
  i 'm just going to assume that you 're being * hilarious * and ironic , because front page dude . 
   what can i say or do for him to understand that he has/is throwing away something that could be amazing ? 
  i know it 's hard to hear , but you ca n't do anything to change his mind . 
  he does n't want a relationship . 
  you 've already tried for a year to have one , and it did n't work . 
  you need to stop talking to him , otherwise you 're just going to keep pouring salt into your own wound . 
  do yourself a favour and let him go . 
  i think in general we grow up with more of a sense of history , if that makes sense . 
  it 's all around us , and you never really * notice * it , but you 're always aware that it 's there , and that you 're walking down the same roads ( sort of ) that the romans did or seeing the same rooms that the tudors and victorians did . 
  for me , it just makes me feel more connected to the country as a whole . 
  it also sort of works in reverse that i 'm constantly baffled by the sheer reverence that americans give to houses etc that are more than a hundred years old . 
  it 's like you want to cover them all in glass , whereas i used to just sit around on walls that are two thousand years old when i was a teenager and not think anything of it . 
  it 's funny that it was never the castle that got me when i used to live in edinburgh , but arthurs seat . 
  it was always `` there 's a mountain in the middle of the city '' that used to feel so bizarre . 
  aw , i miss edinburgh . 
  i wish i could move back !, 
  that kind of hits the point of your post , though , i suppose . 
  having another building * would * be best , even if it was a temporary location , but because the houses of parliament have * been * the houses of parliament for so long , i do n't think people would really want to see it used for anything radically different . 
  it 's the tradition of the place and the history built into it . 
  you could n't just change it . 
  i 'm more of a bro than my dog . 
  he 's just a wuss who wants cuddles when he gets sick . 
  helping is n't all about being nicey nicey . 
  sometimes you have to be honest with someone and help them pinpoint * why * this aggravates them so much . 
  you ca n't do that by patting people on the back all the time . 
  i 've just turned thirty . 
  i 'm confident in myself because my body is strong , and i 'm still testing the limits of what it can do . 
  i might not look like a willow reed who can go on a magazine cover , but i * do * look like a healthy young woman with lots of energy who can take her dog for a walk for hours . 
  i 'm a vibrant , optimistic , friendly person who knows what she wants and how to get it . 
  i 'm clever and hard working , which means i can achieve any ambition i put my mind to . 
  i 'm sociable and have close friends who love me and make an effort to stay in touch with me . 
  i know what i want , who i am and i * like * that person . 
  i would much , much rather be all of those things than simply ` youthful and beautiful ' . 
  i find it very easy to be confident in myself , actually . 
  there are a few people that i would love to know about - my very first boyfriend is someone i 'm always curious about , just to see what he ended up doing , but he has a stupidly common name and seems to have vanished completely . 
  a couple of old school friends have also picked up and gone , and i do n't even know what city they 're in any more . 
  i do n't really do anything more than a quick facebook browse every so often , but it does make me curious . 
  the seaside bit * sounds * dull , but it 's actually quite interesting , especially as it gives you your first chance to go outside of the course material and find relevant articles in the ou library . 
  i did a lot of focus on development of the railway network , as i think my question was about transport . 
  the history courses are n't easy , but they are interesting !, 
  the standard classics courses of a219 and a327 do n't require any latin at all ; they 're all about art and architecture or classical literature like the odyssey and metamorphoses . 
  if you need latin , i 'd say maybe pick an actual latin course over a classics course , but if it 's optional definitely do a219 . 
  i picked the french guy over the canadian guy . 
  french guy was a tool and a total mistake . 
  canadian guy got another girlfriend ( but we flirted * constantly * ) and went back to canada after his employment finished . 
  romance ended . 
  sucks for me , i guess . 
  but are n't there plenty of americans who say `` oh , i 'm 1/8th native '' or whatever ? 
  is n't that the same kind of integration that happened with the saxons and the vikings , or normans for us ? 
  the vikings were pretty intent on making space for themselves , angles be damned , to bring their culture over , but they still intermarried with the locals . 
  or even more recently , our empire contained a * lot * of really shitty things that we did to the locals in africa/the caribbean/india/australia . 
  you 're not the only ones who tried stomping their way into a country without asking nicely first . 
  i think with us , we see americans placing themselves very much as ` us ' and ` them ' ; you seem to be saying `` well we did so many terrible things that we need to just say sorry a lot and keep ourselves over in this corner so they can just get on with it and be native like they 're supposed to be '' , whereas over here it 's `` look how many cultures make us british , how cool is it that we 've got all these different people that make up our history . '', 
  definitely nude . 
  they 're a really handy staple to have in your underwear drawer . 
  i just say something really dry like `` i 'm far too picky '' , `` i 'm too busy to date right now '' or `` i have n't met anyone i like enough to keep around yet . '', 
  and then i change the subject because seriously , screw them . 
  but men expect us to be relatively well dressed and put together , do n't they ? 
  is it really * that * superficial to want the same in return ? 
  well fitting clothes can be incredibly comfortable too . 
  god knows . 
  even if i leave ten minutes between coats i still seem to have the ability to dent or crack my polish within five minutes of doing any normal activity . 
  drives me nuts . 
  depends on what i feel like , but generally nothing too exotice . 
  usually a tall earl grey tea , or a signature hot chocolate , or a chocolate frappuccino in the summer . 
  oh , and a cinnamon swirl !, 
  love those things . 
  tailoring ? 
  who 's talking about tailoring ? 
  you just need to learn how to shop properly and recognise what size fits is all , not spend loads on looking like james bond . 
  how do you think we all do it ? 
  okay , i really do n't know much about mens fashion , so there 's really no need to rant at me about your clothes struggles , but i * can * sympathise , because i am a tall woman with a big bust so i have to shop * really * carefully to find things that a ) fit and b ) suit me . 
  i see / r/malefashionadvice mentioned a lot as a good sub to go , so try them . 
  one thing that i do do , which might be helpful for you , is look at how celebrities with my shape dress to suit themselves . 
  you sound a lot like you have the same dorito shape as the stunning [ chris evans ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/542d54f4545845793ccf8466d99d92cc/tumblr_necvfvpbst1s0412io8_r1_1280.png ) , so maybe do some googling and see what he wears , where he buys it or where some cheaper versions might be ? 
  i see pictures of him a lot in soft shirts ( like that photo ) or button ups , so they might be a good place to start . 
  no , never . 
  i wash my face in the sink with a flannel . 
  i shower without using any utensils at all . 
  not even one of those poofy round lacey foamy ball things ( which are totally amazing , by the way ) . 
  if it was a test , why did he freak out so much when he 'd found out that you 'd read the ` planted ' messages ? 
  he 's really full of it , op , brimful brown stuff full of it .
