  the pretentious several paragraphs long purple prose character meta drives me nuts , too . 
  yes , we know black widow is a good person as well as an assassin , you do n't have to repeat the same sentence in varying terms of emphasis five dozen times . 
  we * get * it . 
  also , i felt really bad about it , but i just had to unfollow this girl who was posting loads of detailed photos of her arm after cutting , and not tagging anything so i could n't block it . 
  i just hated seeing that - it was n't what i signed up for at all . 
  winter soldier and guardians are my two favourite films , but i really loved ant-man too . 
  definitely go see it !, 
  daredevil is probably my favourite show , but agent carter is only just beaten into second place . 
  peggy carter is hands down brilliant . 
  favourite characters are bucky barnes and tony stark - i 'm so excited to see bucky again in civil war !, 
  primer , concealer , mineral powder foundation , eyelid primer , curl eyelashes , a few strokes of mascara , touch of blusher or bronzer on either side . 
  simple and effective . 
  infinity war !, 
  just getting to see how everyone is brought together is ridiculously exciting to me . 
  rocket and tony stark discussing weapons !, 
  gamora teaming up with black widow !, 
  doctor strange and all the infinity gems !, 
  it 's going to be amazing . 
  edit : sorry , i read your title as next * few * years . 
  he did feel a * little * flat , but i liked that they pushed how his motivations were basically daddy issues caused by pym and money . 
  he clearly wanted to be head of this massive international multi millions arms development business and rake in billions from his formula , and his ambition exceeded everything else . 
  combined with hints that the formula screwed with his brain a bit , i thought it was a reasonable background villainy story without being too over the top . 
  yup , but bear in mind that in order to have qts ( qualified teacher status ) , you have to do the pgce and a probationary nqt ( newly qualified teacher ) year . 
  you 'll also have to convince the trainer running the pgce course of why you want to be there , and `` the grant is great '' probably wo n't help . 
  what do you want to do instead ? 
  the grant is n't connected to qts , you just need to do the nqt year to be fully qualified to teach . 
  i 'm checking my bursary documents ( i 'll be doing a pgce this year ) and all of the grants are paid in equal instalments through the year . 
  if you do n't want to teach , and you want to work in a career connected to your subject instead , why do you want to train to teach ? 
  you 're not obliged to do anything educational with your pgce after you 've done it , but it 's a hell of a year to subject yourself to just for the sake of a grant . 
  no one * died * , you just changed your car for something you can actually drive and wo n't cost you the earth . 
  you 're acting like a petulant child . 
  it 's not like you 'll never ever be able to have your dream car , you just ca n't have it * now * . 
  if you keep wallowing like this she is going to dump you , and she 'd be absolutely right . 
  oh maybe !, 
  i 'm sure it was `` working on your soldier '' rather than `` working as a soldier . 
  '' , but i could well have misheard . 
  i 'll have to see it again to make sure . 
   there was a pirated clip of that first scene floating around on tumblr - i 'll do some hunting . 
  marvel movies . 
  ( especially ones with chris evans or rdj in ) . 
  marvel movies fanfic . 
  i 'm easily distracted . 
  what subject are you applying for ? 
  personally i love bristol best - it 's a really pretty city with loads of events always going on , and has good transport links to everywhere else . 
  one sub i frequent had a ` how old are you ? ', 
  post , so i tagged everyone ten years younger or older than me . 
  it 's helpful to see when sixteen year olds are making asinine comments and i can give them some slack . 
  otherwise i tag other brits , and occasionally people who piss me off so that i know to avoid them . 
  okay , but you need to read up on uk unis , because you ca n't do that here . 
  we study one subject for the whole three years , and you ca n't just pick and choose . 
  if you 're coming over , it will be to do civil engineering or physics and that 's it . 
  edit : i do n't know much about study abroad programmes , but i 'm just assuming it would be based on the same criteria as a domestic students experience rather than doing a general round of study . 
  i 've just had a look at the [ study abroad programme ] ( http://www.bristol.ac.uk/international/ug-study/study-abroad/studies.html ) for bristol , and it looks like i 'm wrong ; it does actually offer a more american-style pick and choose course selection . 
  so really , if you 're just coming for a year and not for a full degree , i 'd say bristol would be my personal pick over leeds . 
  shelters do n't always put down animals - [ wood green animal shelter ] ( http://www.woodgreen.org.uk/about/policies ) say ` only those animals suffering an unacceptable quality of life as defined by the animals welfare act ( 2006 ) five needs and wood green 's animals care policy are euthanased . ', 
  if your breed is a pedigree , the breeder should always be prepared to take the dog back . 
  if he 's a cross , i 'd honestly say talking to shelters is always a better option than ` free to a loving home ' ads , because you just do n't know who he would be going to . 
  i think there have been stupider slogans on t-shirts , and if people want to wear it , it 's their choice . 
  i can see where the protests are coming from , but i actually have more beef with the ` mrs ' t-shirts than the ` trophy ' shirts . 
  sort of ? 
  i 'm growing my hair out to have the same style they gave natasha romanoff in captain america : winter soldier , but i also like that style because of how it will suit me , not just because scarlett johansson makes it look cool . 
  so i guess you could say i take inspiration from characters but i do n't deliberately set out to copy them . 
  you 've reached out , she 's made it clear that she 's not interested . 
  this has to go both ways . 
  let it go . 
  you can definitely hire lockers at la fitness - i think it 's on a monthly basis ? 
  steve rogers/bucky barnes ( captain america/winter soldier theirloveissotragicilovethem ) , steve rogers/peggy carter , remus/sirius ( harry potter ) , sawyer/kate ( lost ) . 
  but mostly steve/bucky . 
  you have no idea how many bookmarks for them i have in ao3 . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous . 
  i think steve loves both of them , really . 
  they 're in totally different time periods , we can ship both . 
  the beauty of comic book otps !, 
  the government ? 
  op , governments really do n't give a shit who gets married and who does n't . 
  do n't blame your insecurities on some big organisation . 
  there are plenty of women out there who are n't interested in marriage either - my neighbours have been together for thirty-odd years and only actually signed marriage papers about five years ago when their adult daughter found out and guilt tripped them into it . 
  [ chatsworth house ] ( http://www.chatsworth.org/ ) in derbyshire because it 's * beautiful * , and i could console myself with their really tasty cake afterwards , or drive off to a bakewell and have a big piece of authentic bakewell tart . 
  yum . 
  probably me !, 
  most of my primary friends group are in a long term relationship ( we all seem ambiguous about marriage right now ) , and the other girl who is single has just done a phd and moved to the states , so i think she 's been kind of busy . 
  i 've just been working full time and doing a full time degree for the last three years , so arranging dates have sort of taken a back seat . 
  i 'm not that fussed . 
  the opening credits to * daredevil * are great . 
  i always skip oitnb , but i never skip daredevil . 
  and of course , it 's got to be * fresh prince of bel air *, 
  i always assumed it was blood because of the way it drips , and i think the audio narration describes it as blood ? 
  i think the merc looks more like an adult ` grown up ' kind of car and the porsche looks more like a fun i-have-disposable-income-let 's - go-play kind of car . 
  they 're both gorgeous though !, 
  if you want the porsche and do n't have any kids/dogs to haul around , get the porsche !, 
  you only live once . 
  lemon sherbets are my favourite favourite , and lime fruit gums are the best . 
  for some reason orange flavours always leave a weird aftertaste , but lemon never does . 
  because i want to , and i 'm a grown up who can do what i like with my image ? 
  i did . 
  it was refreshing !, 
  i think that aou just had so much pressure on it to be * the best thing ever * that it got crumpled a little bit , but ant-man did n't have any expectations at all ( other than to be a bit rubbish ) so it could really breathe and just be outright fun . 
  at work , having a cup of tea , and bouncing between redditing and doing quotes for a customer . 
  really , putting aside the sex and intimacy for a moment , it sounds as though your girlfriend has developed an eating disorder and needs more help than just you trying to boost her confidence . 
  she does n't let you touch her in specific areas , a ` meal ' for her is * sauce * , she starves and then binges in cycles , and obsesses about losing weight .
