  useful for important things like weddings , sexy times , holidays or just plain convenience . 
  people annoy me , but continually maintaining a grudge against one person ? 
  that sounds * exhausting * . 
  yeah , but that 's not maggie 's fault , is it ? 
  sounds more like your aunt being a snob than anything else . 
  * mum : a massive pamper box from boots with their own make up range in, 
  * dad : a wool flat cap and an assortment of deli cheeses, 
  * brother : waterproof bluetooth speaker - he races yachts so i figure he can use it on overnights and holidays . 
  * nanna 1 : gorgeous soft pink woolly blanket, 
  * nanna 2 : pretty tin of shortbread , which wo n't be wrapped because she has dementia and gets confused enough as it is . 
  i 'll just put a ribbon around it . 
  * brothers fiance : woolly pink superdry beanie hat and box of nail varnishes, 
  * bff : avengers dvd , because we always joke about how she has n't seen it yet . 
  she 's dirt poor this year so i only wanted to get her something small . 
  * dog : loads of towels , because he 's obsessed with towels and keeps eating all of them . 
  i 'm the same . 
  i ca n't keep dating multiple people at once straight in my head , and it would feel just quite awful to me to kiss one guy and know that i was going on a date in a few days with another guy . 
  i 've only ever gone out with men one at a time . 
  ** hate ** the fade . 
  hate it hate it . 
  it 's just * so * rude . 
  i 've had two guys do this to me in the last six months , and they were both self sufficient thirty year old men who i went on three or four dates with . 
  one i slept with , one i did n't , and they both just disappeared off the face of the earth with no reason whatsoever . 
  my hairdresser ( who i chat to about this stuff ) said she had exactly the same thing happen . 
  i honestly do n't give a toss if you decide you do n't fancy me after all . 
  that 's * fine * . 
  just fucking tell me instead of vanishing off into the aether somewhere !, 
  you know what , i would n't even worry about being the ` cool ' girl at this point , because you 've been together for two years , and i would be so utterly fucked off by that . 
  especially the part about ` does n't want to spend the night alone ' . 
  seriously ? 
  i 'd just sit him down and say `` boyfriend , it was nice of her to invite you , but i * really * do n't feel comfortable with this , especially the part where you stay overnight . 
  i 'm really worried that she has feelings for you , and i feel a bit upset that you 're going as someone elses date . 
  can we work around this , please ? '', 
  if you 've been together this long , i feel like he should be a little more considerate of your place in all of this , and the fact that apparently you 'll be left home alone while he goes as someone elses date to someone elses wedding . 
  does he even know the bride and groom ? 
  i honestly honestly can not imagine any of my friends attending a wedding as a date with someone who is not their so , and i would never accept an invitation like that myself if i were in a relationship . 
  a wedding is a formal occasion , it 's not like they 're going to a theme park or a house party together . 
  i do absolutely agree that a relationship needs trust , but i think in this scenario ; to a romantic occasion , as a date , with an overnight stay it 's just a push too far . 
  edit : also , just thinking about it , if it was an invite just to the party bit of a wedding * reception * i think that 's a different kettle of fish and probably okay . 
  but as the sister is the one getting married this sounds like an all-day ceremony , all-night dinner and party as-a-date affair and is just too much . 
  the way i do it is just to go on dates or do stuff with one person until it either fizzles out or we mutually decide it 's serious . 
  like a queue , one at a time . 
  christmas is at home with family just having a chilled day . 
  i also have a three hour shift behind the bar at the pub i work at on christmas day , but it 's double time and will be stupidly easy so i do n't care . 
  then it 's doctor who/downton abbey/call the midwife christmas special time !, 
  boxing day will be another big family dinner eating out somewhere . 
  new years will be at a friends house with my oldest group of friends having a chilled out evening . 
  we 'll probably play board games and have champers when the clock strikes twelve . 
  no big deal , just the way i like it . 
  have you seen the promo photo for his latest role ? 
  ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/corporate/images/width/live/p0/1k/gb/p01kgbdv.jpg/608 ), 
  i passed the first year of my new history degree and i 'm now properly on my way towards being a true history graduate !, 
  i sent out letters around easter time this year and bagged myself a day a week working at a local secondary ( high ) school in the history department to get teaching experience , which is what i want to do . 
  it 's also meant that i 've been given the opportunity to be in charge of an after school history club , actually teaching 13/14 year olds about greek theatre , writing lesson plans and generally getting so much amazing experience . 
  i 'm really , really loving it there . 
  i qualified my dog henry for the biggest dog show of the year , crufts !, 
  we 've never qualified a dog before so this is so exciting , and i 'm so looking forward to it . 
  i 've learned so much about dog showing and grooming that i did n't know a year ago , so much so that i gave someone else a lesson in trimming paws a few days ago . 
  i feel * exactly * the same way and i 'm 28 . 
  hurray for old maids . 
  we 're more cynical than americans i think , and less overtly enthusiastic about things . 
  it 's not british to be too excited about anything , and most situations are taken with a rather large pinch of salt . 
  sporting events for example - everyone * knows * that even when england are in the world cup we 'll drop out in the quarter finals on penalties , and the fact that andy murray won wimbledon this year was pretty much sheer luck . 
  it 's not exactly likely to happen again any time soon . 
  compare that to america , where we see you holding the world series of baseball where america is the only entrants , so of * course * you 're going to win . 
  and of course venus and serena williams are going to trounce every other lady player at tennis - it 's what they do , right ? 
  it 's such an american approach , win win win . 
  and i do , i swear , say that fondly , because you always do , and you lot always believe that you 're going to win , or build a house in seven days , or transform a town into something new . 
  a brit would honestly never think that way , and if they do there 's always someone in the background ready to bring them back down to earth . 
  i do n't much like r1 anymore for the music list they tend to play , but i listen to radio 2 and radio 4 all the time . 
  r4 has some amazing comedy shows and radio dramas on . 
  my day 's only just started , but i 'll be spending most of it studying . 
  i 'm quite behind . 
  yesterday was great - bagged loads of new clothes in the boxing day sales and saw the hobbit for the second time in 3d !, 
  well chuffed . 
  nope , i 'm english . 
   and it was , was n't it ?? 
  still have n't quite worked out why kili was lying on the table with a pillow of acorns , though ... 
  not really , but i should . 
  well , it depends . 
  do you want to take the sensible approach or just have a bit of fun ? 
  because if you do n't want to get hurt and are actually looking for someone to date , then yes , best to keep away from him . 
  but if you just want fun and just want a fling , then by all means go and have some no strings attached in bali . 
  you 're young , why not ? 
  i 'd just say that it 's honestly best to keep him firmly categorized under ` sexy times ' and nothing else , make him wear a condom every time ( because if he 's sleeping around you need to keep yourself protected ) , and do n't blur the lines between fuckbuddy and boyfriend . 
  he 's not ` kind of a boyfriend ' really - he 's just someone who probably likes that you 're young and pretty and want to be around him , and if he gets to sleep with you in exotic places then that 's a bonus . 
  i really would try not to get too attached emotionally , but if you just want fun and nice holidays then enjoy it . 
   but i should n't care about how she chooses to be affected by how i am living my life ? 
  what ? 
  that 's the most inane sentence i 've ever heard . 
  you 've broken up , she 's moving on and having fun , you should do the same . 
  do you really think you need to tiptoe around her potentially non-existant feelings ? 
  really , how would you putting your photo up on a dating website hurt her ? 
  you 're being a little egotistical about this , i have to be honest . 
  i 'm always wary of my surroundings and who is around me . 
  if i 'm walking the dog at night , or walking somewhere and there is a solo unknown man walking behind me then yes , i 'll cross the road or detour into a busier/more well lit area . 
  i know there is potential there for violence and i 'll do my best to avoid it . 
  however , to say that i 'm afraid of all strange , unknown men is n't right . 
  i have no problem with men - they 're cool , i 'm happy to make new friends with guys . 
  i just do n't like being in * situations * with men where things could , potentially , go wrong .
