  i 'm almost 32 , have been back out on my own for a year and a half now and i 'm now requalified with a good job . 
  i missed my independence for a big chunk of my twenties , but moving home helped me get to where i am now . 
  no one ever guesses that my main hobby is dog showing or that i 've handled at crufts a couple of times . 
  i guess it 's a mix of it being a niche hobby and not being outwardly omgdogs ( until you ask me about it , of course ), 
  also , marvel movies . 
  i fucking love them , but everyone acts surprised when i say how much i love movies with blowy up stuff in . 
  my first ` aww puppy love ' boyfriend was when i was 13 and lasted about a month . 
  my first serious boyfriend was when i was 16 and lasted around a year and a half . 
  britisher here . 
  our health system seriously needs reform and it needs support , but there is * no way * i would go to the american system . 
  no one over here would . 
  sorry , but your system is an expensive mess . 
  * inception, 
  * avengers assemble, 
  * captain america : winter soldier, 
  * guardians of the galaxy, 
  i love films with stuff that goes bang !, 
  oh please . 
  she flirted with * one guy * and then did n't go on a date with him , and you 're blowing this up to ` what if she had had sex with 99 men tho ?? ', 
  she does n't need to tell you * shit * about her past . 
  it was one non-existent date . 
  your attitude is way out of proportion , and then you 're blaming it all on her . 
  not okay . 
  our pedigree english setter was # 1000 . 
  we 've always owned that breed but we still double checked first that that was a standard price to pay . 
  oh sure . 
  i could n't imagine being attracted to someone in perpetuity if they do n't flirt back . 
  i guess my crushes normally last for a month or so before i get over them ? 
  then i 'm not interested at all in pursuing something at all . 
  it 's the last day of term , so as a teacher myself i do n't really care . 
  you need some self preservation tactics . 
  if she does it * all * the time then that 's another issue . 
  just wondering , outside of family , do you have other male friends irl that you can talk to ? 
  ive been single for a pretty long time , and i do honestly feel like we women deal with singledom better . 
  however , a large part of that is because we have those close platonic friendships to lean on outside of a romantic relationship , and i do n't think men cultivate those close friendships like women tend to . 
  the top of my right hand ring finger is deformed and has a scar where it was chopped off and then sewed back on . 
  when i was two i was kicking a loudspeaker , and the loudspeaker really did n't like it . 
  it fell on my hand , and the edge went through my finger . 
  certainly gave my parents a bit of a fright !, 
  aww , scar twins !, 
  i set aside some time a few years ago to read dawkins , and think about everything religious i 'd ever been taught , and i finally came to my own conclusion that the existence of god makes no sense . 
  so now i do n't believe in anything supernatural at all . 
  i do n't think my personal religious beliefs are harmful to anyone . 
  i do n't discuss it with people , i do n't proselytise about atheism and generally i keep it to myself . 
  all religion should be like that . 
  i share ownership of two english setters with my parents . 
  henry is four , show type and we 've had him since he was a puppy . 
  william is our new rescue , is probably around 2 years old and is working type . 
  they 're both total softies and love their cuddles !, 
  white english/british and that 's basically it !, 
  one side of my family did n't leave the same two villages for about four hundred years , so i 'm fairly bog standard blighty . 
  i know you do n't want to accept that things are over , but the thing is , you do n't have a choice . 
  she broke up with you , and now she 's with someone else . 
  nothing is going to change . 
  she does n't want to go out with you any more . 
  the only thing you can do to help yourself get over her is to try and avoid her , and do n't push the whole ` being friends ' thing . 
  it 's just going to make you feel worse . 
  why put it off until may ? 
  she 's dating someone else * now * . 
  by saying you 'll have ` that talk ' ( what talk ? ), 
  with her in a month , you 're giving yourself four more weeks of grief for no reason at all . 
  rip off the plaster . 
  stop hanging on to what is n't coming back , op . 
  she 's not with you any more , and that is n't going to change . 
  playing the martyr by saying `` i 'm helping everyone else be less awkward '' is n't going to help * you * be less awkward and hurt . 
  your friends clearly know you 've broken up . 
  they should n't mind you asking for separation . 
  by playing the ` other friends ' tactic , all you 're doing is trying to prolong your contact with her and hoping she 'll come back . 
  i was trained through a pgce but have colleagues in my department who are sd trainees this year . 
  schools direct and a pgce route both mean that you end up with qts , and both will help get you into a teaching job . 
  the main difference is the emphasis they place on the training . 
  they 've both got their strengths and weaknesses , and it 's really up to you which you value more . 
  schools direct means you get a really in depth understanding of everyday life as a teacher . 
  you 'll be placed mainly in one school with a short second placement of around 6 weeks somewhere else . 
  you 'll get observed , have assessments to write and will have classes of your own for the whole year . 
  you 'll work the full school day with one day a week doing training on general school issues like literacy , differentiation , behaviour , assessment and whatever else . 
  you 'll have occasional training sessions in your speciality subject , but the overall emphasis of the training you 'll recieve will be more about being a good all around teacher than a good geography teacher . 
  any further understanding you 'll get of teaching your subject will have to come from you , and things you read and discussions with your colleagues rather than the training provider . 
  a pgce places more emphasis ( i think ) on being a good speciality teacher . 
  your year will probably be divided into three parts . 
  for example , mine was two months of university-based training with the weeks set out as two days of private study , one day of lectures on general issues for everyone on the course , then two days a week of history-based training in our smaller speciality groups . 
  we looked at things like teaching controversy in history , chronology , marking , assessments , local history , what the gcse and a-level exams want - all things like that . 
  the second part of the term until christmas was in the first placement school where i think i built up to something like twelve hours a week teaching ? 
  after new year until feb was more university based training , mostly on looking for/applying to jobs , and then feb to june was all second placement training , with additional teaching hours added on to the timetable . 
  second placement is where you really start to get to grips with the demands of the job , and you 're really working as a full time teacher with your own classes to plan for . 
  my sd colleague feels frustrated that she does n't get more subject based training , and the theory she does get can either be repetitive or sometimes not that relevant . 
  but , she 's got a really good understanding of the school , she 's taught the full school year and has built up great relationships with students . 
  for me , i struggled with the start of year in september , how to establish routines , and how to be a form tutor . 
  i 'd never done either of those things before , and the pgce only did maybe one session on being a tutor . 
  being in and out of schools also meant it took a while to learn my students , and by the time i felt like i started to really get them , it was time to leave again . 
  nqt year has been much better for that . 
  but , i also really loved that i got taught how to be a good * history * teacher with real understanding of my subject , and the pgce really gives you so many things to build on as your career progresses . 
  i felt really supported the whole year . 
  that turned into a bit of an essay , but hopefully it helps you see the differences a bit more clearly !, 
  like i said , it all depends on what you value most , and what you really want to get out of your training . 
  wow . 
  op really loves ?!, 
  their ?!, 
  questions ? 
  i know nothing about the technical side of engines , but i can appreciate a good looking car and the sound of a great engine when the pedal goes down .
