  he 's my babyyyy . 
  star-lord ( film verse ) or black widow for me . 
  star-lord because i love the idea of some wide eyed grieving boy being raised on an alien cruiser with a bunch of thieves and having adventures all over the galaxy like some kind of interstellar dodger with fagin , and black widow because of links to the winter soldier . 
  russian super spy assassins unite ? 
  are we ?? 
  where ? 
  i 'm so out of the loop . 
  what sort of thing do you mean ? 
  i love seeing hot shirtless guys in magazines and places like / r/ladyboners . 
  does that count ? 
  socks , tights and knickers get changed at least once a day , * maybe * twice if i 'm doing something special in the evening . 
  bras can linger for six weeks or so . 
  sports bras normally get two or * maybe * three uses , depending on how vigorous i was being whilst wearing it . 
  it all gets washed when the basket gets full . 
  not particularly . 
  so that 's what it looks like . ', 
  mostly unimpressed , by all accounts . 
  i hope you love fa !, 
  it 's a slow burner , but those last eighty pages ? 
  man . 
  she is * so good * at yanking your heartstrings . 
  a galaxy bar or rolos . 
  galaxy has the smoooooothest chocolate , and somehow rolos always feel like little treats to me . 
  when you want to and when you feel comfortable with the person you 're going to share your body with . 
  do n't do it on their terms , do it on yours . 
  if you want to wait , then wait . 
  if you want to have sex , go ( safely ! ), 
  have sex . 
  i 've never thought sex is life defining , but it * should * be fun and it should be memorable for all the right reasons . 
  ohhhh yes , and i always wind myself up in knots about them . 
  there 's been three so far - one with a stupid ridiculous amount of chemistry but a total romance failure , the ` one who got away ' and has gone back to canada ( but oh my lord he is so hot and lovely curse you facebook ) , and the one who i really wanted to pursue as a boyfriend but who did the fade on me . 
  i gave in and texted guy 3 # last night on the off chance as it 's been a year since we dated , and he replied very nicely saying meeting up would be cool but awkward as he has a girlfriend now . 
  uggghh . 
  i so need to learn that my spontaneous decisions about men never work out . 
  * ever * . 
  believe me , it would only take a few badly timed drinks for me to facebook hot canadian guy and be like `` uh , so , btw , i 'm still totally in love with you . 
  thought you ought to know . '', 
  why do men suck , whyyyyyyy . 
  a very polite non reply or `` did you mean to send this to someone else ? '' . 
  except the french guy - he 'd probably say something really dirty . 
  beans on toast with cheese on top . 
  ridiculous easy , very cheap and always yummy !, 
  try asking in / r/fantasy , as i 'm sure there 's been some great recs in there for audiobooks . 
  i remember hearing the locke lamora series is * really * good on audio . 
  you 've also got harry potter read by stephen fry , and the discworld series read by tony robinson which are always fantastic . 
  lazing around in bed and reading winter soldier fanfiction on ao3 . 
  huge dislike of guns and firearms . 
  my country ( the uk ) has very strict gun control laws so they are not in common use over here , which is fine by me . 
  i have no real intention of owning , using or being around firearms of any kind , unless i perhaps married a farmer . 
  i tend to go through feasts and famines of sex - i think i slept with most guys between the ages of 21-26 and then it 's mostly dried up again . 
  i 'm growing mine out and it 's only just long enough to tie up , so day 1 i normally wash , blow dry , straighten and leave it down and day 2 i 'll twist it back and clip it up at the back . 
  i 'm honestly not sure , because i have n't faced that scenario at all . 
  my initial response is that i 'm not sure i would still want to be around a collection of guns , even if they are antiques , but i guess i 'd just decide at the time rather than say never ever . 
  you just have to keep reminding yourself that life is a marathon , not a sprint , and that everyone is different . 
  i took a * totally * different route after secondary school than most of my peers ( drama school , freelance arts industry work , international travel , career change ) and sometimes it feels like i 've not caught up to everyone else , but other times it 's just like ` well , what i did already , everyone else will be doing in five years time ' . 
  as long as you 're enjoying your life and you like yourself , what 's the worry ? 
  they 're probably all comparing themselves to you anyway !, 
  also , do n't forget that people self select the material they put out on social media . 
  all you 're seeing is the fun bits , not the day to day drudgery that goes along behind it . 
  you have the georgian new town which is the same architectural style as a lot of bath , and it 's a stunning city to just wander around in . 
  here , of course, 
  * / r/fantasy ( for all those book needs ), 
  * / r/marvelstudios ( for all those geeking out film needs ), 
  * / r/relationships ( everyone loves a train wreck ), 
  * / r/askreddit ( mostly for the lols ), 
   to me , atleast , it seems that when fitz would literally have to choose between bee or the fool , he would choose the fool over bee, 
  but the choice was n't equal - bee was ( as far as fitz was aware ) going back to withywoods and getting put to bed , and the fool was emaciated , poisoned and on the verge of death . 
  it 's like being out to dinner with family and seeing your best friend get into a fatal car crash on the other side of the road - or rather , * causing * the car crash on the other side of the road ( thank you , fitz , you idiot ) . 
  would n't you rush off to hospital with your friend too , if you thought your child was going to be taken home safely ? 
  i 'm not denying fitz is wilfully stupid much of the time , but i think in this case him leaving bee behind to favour the fool is understandable . 
  i 've got lots of studying to do , booo . 
  right now i 'm working my way through a ridiculously dull pdf on whether france actively contributed to the outbreak of world war 1 , but i keep getting distracted by pretty much everything else in life . 
  later on i 'll be grooming the dog for a show next week , probably doing some cleaning , there will be roast chicken for dinner and possibly some downton abbey . 
  and then tomorrow i am going to a spa and i can not wait . 
  in that case , maybe it 's better that you simply let this ` friend ' go . 
  apologise to him for the bad language simply because it puts you as the better man , be cordial to him at the wedding ( and do n't skip it just because he 's there , you 're not sixteen ) and put your effort into better friends . 
  you 're 51 - you do n't have to put up with people who treat you like crap if you do n't particularly want to . 
  cheerful . 
  there 's not much that gets me down . 
  two thirds of them i guess , with the rest being blind dates . 
  i just do n't like hanging around during online conversations at all . 
  i spent all day yesterday lounging around at a spa with my best friend . 
  it was * wonderful * . 
  i felt all cosy and dozy afterwards , and just padding around for a day in dressing gowns going between a swimming pool and steam rooms was heavenly . 
  my first degree was in theatre production and i used it to freelance in theatre work for five years . 
  i now do sales . 
  my current degree will be in history and i 'll be looking to go into teaching with it . 
  i love my equestrian-style boots , particularly my [ ariat windermeres ] ( http://content.gjwtitmuss.co.uk/1/1/images/catalog/i/xl_5603-ariatwindermeresage_super.jpg ) . 
  they 're waterproof , look great with basically everything and are supremely comfortable for walking around in . 
  i wear them to death . 
  i have two cool ones - the first one is that the nail and top of my ring finger on my right hand is all wonky and deformed and i have a scar where the tip of it was chopped off . 
  i was two and kicking a loudspeaker , and it fell on top of it and cut it right off . 
  kinda cool . 
  the other looks like i have a smiley face round my left nipple from where i had day surgery to remove a benign lump from my breast . 
  i think i was sixteen when i had that ? 
  it 's a side step into sci-fi , but i 've just been reading iain m banks * consider phlebas * which is * excellent * and there 's a whole lot of dead people in it . 
  definitely worth a look at . 
  when i 'm playing by myself : skyrim, 
  when i 'm playing with friends : goldeneye on the n64 or mario kart . 
  curse you , rainbow road !,
