  that 's pretty much the most rubbish superpower ever . 
  they have never done a damn thing in my favour . 
  i 've never had anyone get cross at me for having another preference , but if they did i 'd just shrug it off . 
  i ca n't change who i 'm attracted to . 
  if it does n't include them , i 'm sorry , but i honestly ca n't help it . 
  i have never , ever gone from friends to ' i fancy you ' over time . 
  it 's instant attraction for me or nothing . 
  if you 're seeing them from a distance , i 'd imagine they 're just staring in your general overall direction and not at you specifically . 
  i do it all the time , and just zone out , especially when i 'm thinking about stuff like what to have for dinner that night . 
  try smiling at them next time ( yes , even with your crooked teeth ! ), 
  and see if you get a response or a smile back . 
  i 'm surprised * rush * is n't getting mentioned anywhere . 
  the cinematography on that was fantastic , and i thought daniel bruhl gave an excellent performance . 
  i 'd also not be surprised if ed sheeran 's `` i see fire '' was nominated for original song , and desolation of smaug * has * to come up in the costume and make up prizes , if not the visual effects category . 
  smaug was amazing . 
  you might like the work [ catherine lyons ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwiidvitgka ) is doing at the moment . 
  she 's got some beautiful movement in her floor routines this year . 
  so why did n't you offer to come down and join her and her friends after work ? 
  maybe they only called her at 9:00 to invite her out . 
  it 's not like you had long term important plans to do something with her , it was a spontaneous invitation that she then changed . 
  you really need to chill out about this and give her some slack . 
  isps are private companies . 
  you can buy broadband contracts through lots of different providers , like bt , virgin , talktalk and plusnet . 
  for the most part , the majority of the copper lines carrying broadband are still owned by bt and maintained by openreach , but all of your fees go to a private company and there is no compulsory payment . 
  it 's also not the case that you have to pay to access the bbc , but if you have tv access to live programmes then you have to pay the licence fee . 
  does that make sense ? 
  it 's why students just watching programmes on their laptops still have to pay the fee . 
   i am wondering if the bbc is experiencing a loss in revenue as more people are moving to media consumption online . 
  not really . 
  over here , the bbc has the nickname ` auntie ' , and it 's for a good reason . 
  the bbc exists in pretty much everybody 's daily lives in some way or another , and because we 're so small it means it can dominate a lot of things . 
  bear in mind it 's also politically independent ( though people argue constantly about which way it really leans ) , so the reporting on there is consistently balanced and everyone in the spectrum will watch it . 
  the bbc also covers sport ( eg all of the olympic coverage ) , creates new drama productions , has multiple news reports through the day , and produces it 's own reality shows . 
  it covers comedy , charity fundraisers like comic relief and children in need , concerts , breaking and world news , documentaries , soaps , entertainment programming like top gear ... pretty much anything you might possibly watch on tv , the bbc does . 
  it also has several radio stations , which will run adverts for upcoming bbc programmes . 
  the bbc also has its own online service called iplayer , so it redirects anyone consuming offline onto its own channels . 
  basically , the bbc is huge and covers everything anyone might watch . 
  there are also two main broadcast channels ( bbc one and bbc two ) as well as the ad-funded players , ( itv , channel 4 and channel 5 ) , and puts newer content on its two other channels , bbc three and bbc four which you 'll get through subscription services like sky or a freeview box . 
  it has absolutely * everything * covered , so i 'd think it 's actually far more unlikely for someone to not consume live tv than to be moving away from it altogether . 
  because ( for bbc programming at least ) it undermines the license fee . 
  we pay for that content and those dramas - if everyone across the world could stream it for free but we still have to pay for the bbc it 's hardly fair . 
  other ad-funded companies like itv and channel 4 have their own streamed service which , i think , are internationally available , because it comes out of their money . 
  the bbc products are region locked because * we * funded it . 
  i actually got a full body massage today and it was looooooovely . 
  i prefer back neck and shoulder massages as that 's where i hold most of my tension , and anyone who wants to offer me one is very quickly snapped up !, 
  adore them . 
  that 's insecurity talking , pure and simple . 
  he clearly did , and still does fancy her - why else would he keep pushing for contact ? 
  as soon as she 's said no thank you , he 's thrown a hissy fit like a toddler , stamped his feet and stormed off somewhere . 
  who cares how many girls he has on facebook , or what he talks about with his friends . 
  point of fact , if he 's talking about her * with his friends * , then he 's doing it for a reason . 
  she does n't need to do anything , other than cut contact with him , hold her head up high and ignore his childish little tantrums . 
  she 's in a stable relationship with a guy who clearly adores her , and makes sure everyone else around her looks out for her well being too . 
  i think that 's a win over parker already . 
  i think you 're fine telling her you ca n't see her any more , but you ca n't really tell her not to go somewhere public , especially in her own country !, 
  she 's free to go out as and when she likes - if you 're the one cutting off contact after all , why do n't * you * go somewhere else on fridays and saturdays ? 
  point is , if she shows up at the bar you like again , just ignore her and talk to other people . 
  it 's not going to kill you to be in the same room every so often . 
  it sucks , but you 're not entitled to money from your parents . 
  if this is your dream and you really really want to get there , then go find other routes to do it . 
  apply for scholarships , see what loans are available . 
  they 're not saying you ca n't go , just that they wo n't fund you the whole way . 
  this is n't life destroying , just a setback . 
  your other option could be to see if you can get a loan or scholarship for your first year , and then ask them to reassess their decision for any future years depending on how well you 're doing . 
   they 've always provided everything we 've wanted, 
  and now they 've stopped . 
  take it as a lesson for the future , you are not going to get everything handed to you . 
  what happens when they pass away and you have n't got anyone there to help you do what you want any more ? 
  you are going to get a * lot * of pegs taken down when you actually start your career . 
  if you want to do this as badly as you say , stand on your own two feet and get it done . 
  putting my coat on , going down the shops and buying myself the most enormous bar of dairy milk chocolate . 
  also , seeing the national theatre live screening of coriolanus ( with tom hiddleston in ) and then seeing derren brown live in february . 
  excited !, 
  how exciting !, 
  see , this is exactly why the american health care system makes zero sense to me . 
  paying two hundred dollars just for a ten minute consultation is absurd !, 
  it 's pretty damn good , yup !, 
  i mean , i do think other european chocolates like milka can knock it out of the park , but cadburys still holds themselves up very well in the ` massive bar of deliciousness ' franchise . 
  saying that , i did get a massive pack of maltesers and some melt-in-the-middle puddings instead ... 
  neither , really . 
  most of my friends are in london , and blazers are a pretty common sight on guys when i go to see them . 
  they make a man look well dressed , but i would n't really define them as ` smart ' per say . 
  they can work both ways . 
  hey , others may not think that way , but i 'm pretty damn confident about being an 8 or 9 on my scale of total awesomeness . 
  i 'm not dedicated to one party , i vote as to which party i think is best at the time of each election . 
  this time around , i 'll mostly be voting for whichever party does not contain michael gove . 
  i 'm not convinced on labour yet , and i do n't want the lib dems to go back into a coalition with the conservatives again , so i might well vote green or for an independent . 
  of course . 
  i have several . 
  some are gay , some are n't , some are in relationships , some are n't , but the common factor is that i do n't fancy any of them , and everything between us is platonic . 
  mostly it comes about by working with them and thinking of them as colleagues rather than potential interests and then going from there . 
  you know , i 've always hated the expression ` friend zone ' . 
  it makes it sound like some kind of tactical maneuver or something . 
  it 's not like a guy does something nice for me and i go `` oh that 's so sweet . 
  you know , i think i 'll upgrade him to the relationship zone '' . 
  fancying someone for me is a yes/no non-reversible option , not moving blocks around on a board . 
  being clingy is very different from ` playing the game ' . 
  being hard to get does n't make you more attractive or desireable , and if you do need to do that , then he 's not worth it . 
  if you were pestering him with texts then yeah , that 's clingy . 
  if you were just answering what he sent you , that 's not .
