  are you sure she 's cross with you ? 
  it could just be that she 's lost her phone or it 's not working . 
  give her a call on her home landline or facebook her and invite her out for coffee or something . 
  if she still refuses then , at least you know for sure she 's mad at you , but i really doubt that she is . 
  do n't be naive , op . 
  you know this is n't legit , otherwise you would n't be asking us about it . 
  do n't meet him . 
  go find a proper job with an actual company that has a business name , a business address and a business phone number . 
  just tell him you 're sorry , you 'll have to decline the offer , thanks again for the furniture and leave it at that . 
  it 's funny , * i * feel fine with it , but it 's questions and comments from other people that make me question my own choices . 
  i 'm honestly not that fussed whether i have a boyfriend or not , but it 's the side eye from my parents and relatives that make me feel guilty about it . 
  i have a friend who lives in scotland , whereas i live in the south of england . 
  up until june i had n't seen her in three years . 
  we skyped mayyyybe once every four-six months . 
  the moment i saw her it was like i 'd only been out of town two weeks , and we picked up exactly where we 'd left off . 
  both of my other closest girl friends who are in london and cambridge are exactly the same . 
  so no , no high maintenance over here . 
  i think you 're making friends with the wrong ladies . 
  total opposite . 
  i love just whizzing round the shops by myself , lingering at the stuff i like and not having to wait around in the stores i do n't . 
  so much better . 
  i 'm guessing from your phrase `` next wife '' rather than just `` meet my wife '' that you 've done the buying thing already and are maybe a little jaded ? 
  if the grandmother 's ring is a piece of jewellery that would suit me , looks like other jewellery i like and is n't just being given solely as an heirloom , i 'd be fine with it . 
  if you gave it * because * you did n't want to spend anything , that 's not okay , because it means you were thinking about the cost and not about the person you 're giving it to and what it actually means . 
  so i guess it depends on the intention behind it all to really know whether i 'd say aye or nay . 
   why would she want my penis instead of a toy, 
  because sex is n't about the penetrating , it 's about the * connection * . 
  to be brutally honest , i think your ego is getting in the way a bit here . 
  you fully admit that toys can be better in some aspects for pleasure , but you do n't want to use them in case the girl decides she does n't need an actual human connection . 
  if you were dating a sociopath , sure , that might be the case , but i guess you like dating girls who also like emotionally growing with the person they are sleeping with . 
  toys wo n't hold that back . 
  toys wo n't replace you . 
  just because you have n't seen it in your tiny town does n't mean it has n't happened . 
  street harrassment can be as innocuous as a wolf whistle from a builder while a woman is passing by . 
  i live in a tiny town in the south of england and got harrassed about my breasts by drunk men just this past weekend . 
  i 've been shouted at by men passing in cars , too . 
  do n't think that because you have n't happened to notice it means it does n't exist . 
  when a bunch of fourteen year olds told me they 'd never heard of the backstreet boys . 
  i felt soooo ancient . 
  disprove what assertion ? 
  you were the one posing the question , not me . 
  have you looked at the [ everyday sexism project ] ( https://twitter.com/everydaysexism ) ? 
  i 'm 29 . 
  i put my okc age range settings as 28-37 . 
  i might go up to a 40 year old guy , but i 'd prefer to date someone in their thirties right now . 
  same !, 
  my 30th will be in march . 
  totally wo n't have shit together by then . 
  you need to tell your girlfriend and you need to stop all contact with this girl . 
  i imagine this scenario is precisely why your girlfriend was uncertain about going through with the threesome in the first place . 
  you screwed up . 
  at least now be honest about what you did . 
  do n't try to hide it , because guaranteed she * will * find out one way or the other . 
  this is clearly something she 's throwing herself in to as you mentioned protests and whatnot , so she probably feels like she has a lot to prove in order to be a ` real ' vegan . 
  it 's a shame , because you sound like a really cool , considerate guy to do so much for her already . 
  maybe ask her to go back to her vegan support network - forums , friends , etc , and ask * them * how many of their so 's are vegan and how they feel about it . 
  i would suspect that many of them are going to come back and say `` it would be nice if he/she was , but it 's not a dealbreaker . '', 
  she just needs some other opinions to show her that you being vegan is not the be all and end all of her life . 
  there are plenty of other couples out there who are mixed diet , mixed religion and mixed politics and make it work . 
  try and help her see that , and hopefully she 'll cool off your back . 
  scam for sure . 
  have you tried putting it on autotrader ? 
  my mum and neighbour have set me up on blind dates twice . 
  they were ... okay picks , but no one i would opt for normally . 
  mum keeps wanting to pick out a guy on okc for me , but i 've flat out refused . 
  she 's nosy enough as it is when she does n't know anything about the men i go on dates with , so having her know anything at all about me messaging a guy would be unbearable . 
  if it worked out , i would * never * hear the end of her smugness . 
  aw , please meet my soppy gorgeous english setter puppy dog [ henry ] ( http://imgur.com/uhkhy4c ) . 
  we bring him into the office every day , where he spends most of his time [ looking adorable ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4vzksa7 ) . 
  those setter eyes !, 
  they 're gorgeous !, 
  i do n't think i 'll ever have any other breed . 
  try asking in / r/iwantout , they 're the ones with all the expat answers . 
  i can tell you that if you 're not a british or eu citizen , and passport control thinks that you 're going to use your tourist visa to move here permanently , they 'll stop you from entering the country full stop . 
  living somewhere where the buses are not more expensive than petrol and where they run more than once an hour . 
  i took a public bus twice a day every school day for seven years . 
  unless i move back to edinburgh , which has a good system , or i 'm doing something in london , my busing days are so done . 
  harry potter for sure or maybe the tudor court . 
  one bonus of working in the family company . 
   he 's laying on my feet at the moment while i 'm doing cost comparison sheets . 
  setters have this great way of looking permanently resigned at the petty failures of the world . 
  i think that 's quite an english outlook on life . 
  i would count the absolutely wonderful [ * song of achilles * ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/song-achilles-madeline-miller-ebook/dp/b005fpwusa/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1409828636&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=song+of+achilles ) by madeline miller as historical fantasy , as it has the gods , goddesses and creatures like satyrs as actual tangible characters in the ancient greek world . 
  it tells the story of patroclus and achilles and how they fell in love , and i just adore it . 
  robin hobb 's * rain wild chronicles * also has two prominent gay characters in , so worth having a look at that . 
  well , just to be pernickety , as handguns are illegal here in the good ol' uk i would like to know immediately so that i can get the hell out of there . 
  but hey , it 'll ( hopefully ) never happen so hypothetically i guess i 'd like to know in messages beforehand that you have that opinion on gun ownership . 
  just so you know , there are some big plot points and reveals set up in liveships that follow on through to tawny man . 
  it 's not essential to read first ( i did n't ) , but it does give a bigger payoff in the end when the jigsaw connects . 
  no worries !, 
  like i said , i skipped liveships the first time round . 
  i was just too impatient to get back to the fool !, 
  i do n't think it affected my reading of tawny man , but there were a couple of reveals in it where i thought that having the liveships background knowledge would have made that part have a bigger impact . 
  does that make sense ? 
  either way , tawny man is such a treat . 
  it 's my favourite series , and it will break your heart for sure !, 
  if you like fantasy in any way , i love love love robin hobb . 
  her characters are so wonderful and heartrending . 
  an odd one , but i love the arch of my feet . 
  they 're quite narrow and flexible , and i think they 're really pretty .
