  come on autumn !, 
  i want my scarves and hoodies back again . 
  i 'm getting better at pastry , so i 'd make a fancy tower of jam tarts !, 
  * girl * . 
  seriously . 
  you need to take a step back from this . 
  he * choked * you . 
  for an * hour * . 
  he held you hostage , hit you , hit your head against a table , restrained you and ** choked ** you . 
  this is * not healthy * . 
  you can not fix him . 
  you especially can not fix him by staying in this relationship and having a conversation with him about going to alcohol rehab . 
  he genuinely , * genuinely * almost killed you . 
  you need to take him being in jail as an opportunity to get the fuck out of that house , right now . 
  twilight, 
  50 shades of grey, 
  why are they shallow things to disagree on ? 
  what is shallow about those two subjects or anything else that spins off of them ? 
  people only change when they * want * to change . 
  if you have to give him an ultimatum , or his family has to plead with him/force him into therapy , then he is never genuinely going to change and his abuse is never going to stop . 
  so yes , it really is that hard to believe that this will stop . 
  it 's much easier to believe that it 's only going to get worse for you . 
  british pathe has thousands of free domain videos available . 
  they have a channel on youtube of newsreel clips taken between around 1900 - 1980 , and they 're a real treasure trove . 
  for history i would honestly say watching horrible histories is great , or bbc bitesize . 
  for me , year 7 and 8 is all about encouraging enthusiasm for the subject and dedication in getting homework done on time . 
  our year 7s are overwhelmed enough at the moment as it is with the amount of homework they 've been given . 
  i 'd really be wary of trying to push anything more on them until he 's establish some routines and become used to his workload . 
  watch some horrible histories and talk about the events they 're doing , and encourage some opinions and debate . 
  visit national trust sites , or cool museums at the weekend . 
  encourage reading fun fiction books for english and talk about it . 
  talk about world events for geography - things like that . 
  for me as a teacher , too much other revision stuff is really just going to burn him out before you even get to christmas . 
  first degree ; theatre production , specialising in lighting design, 
  second degree : history , with half the modules in classical civilisation . 
  third degree : pgce ( teacher training certification ) . 
  god and santa claus are in the same league for me - nice to hear and think about , but completely made up . 
  i passed on my fourth attempt . 
  in my defence , the uk tests are hard !, 
  it 's very common for people to fail at least once . 
  i can hardly remember my examiners . 
  they were mostly just a bit grumpy , apart from the one i passed on who was really nice and chatty . 
  just pj 's , no underwear unless auntie flo is due to visit/has just ended and i need to wear a liner . 
  coats , boots and scarves !, 
  funnily enough i also love buying all those things in the shops . 
  yes , and i would do it again but it is hard . 
  i did a full time ( 3 years ba ) distance learning degree while also working full time . 
  fortunately i was working for my dad at the time , so he was an understanding boss who let me bring uni work into the office if i needed to . 
  time management is really crucial , as is knowing when to stop working and conserve your energy for the next day . 
  i always hit a slump around april when it was * really * hard to force myself back to the books , but you need to be proactive about getting reading/essays done . 
  getting a support network together really helps . 
  i joined one of the open university fb groups that popped up and that really helped me stress out with other people or get support about difficult assignments . 
  i 'm so , so proud of my ou degree . 
  it is both the most difficult and the best thing i have ever done !, 
  oooh great video !, 
  i love the idea that the development of film music has been through texture rather than melody . 
  really really insightful and interesting . 
  strongbow , magners and bulmers are definitely not premium ciders !, 
  i prefer aspalls myself , especially aspalls premium cru . 
  it 's lovely and crisp , and proper suffolk cider . 
  my wiltshire friend swears by her west country brews . 
  they are really , really not . 
  flavoured cider is really big here right now . 
  all the main brewers are bringing them out . 
  i sold a ton of crushed berry bulmers and flavoured old mout at the pub i was working in over the summer . 
  diva cup is n't the only brand . 
  i use mooncup as diva cup is n't available in the shops in my country . 
  it 's still medical grade silicon and fine . 
  i think people buying them need to check the materials their cups are made from , first and foremost . 
  well , he 's got a version of the super soldier serum . 
  i 'd say he would have been able to break out if he had really wanted to , but was choosing to stay docile . 
  oh , this and that . 
  you know . 
  the normal stuff . 
  sometimes i drink tea . 
  i have no idea what those are . 
  i 'm english , so it 's yorkshire gold , thank you very much . 
  secondary nqt teacher . 
  i 'm tending to do 8am-5 .30 pm in the building , only because i 'd rather stay and work and then go home without taking marking back . 
  i could do 8-4 if i wanted . 
  once a fortnight ? 
  i do n't make a point of looking at it , because normally it 's total trash . 
  shaving adverts never show hairy body parts actually being shaved . 
  oh , they 'll acknowledge that women have hair on legs/armpits/bikini that need a product to shave it , but god forbid we ever dare to have a less than pristine hairless female model on our ad campaign . 
  men get shown shaving beards off , women never do . 
  also , blue water period products campaigns . 
  it is important to me , and i would like a partner , but i would n't say that it 's a priority in my life . 
  right now i 'm focused on my work and balancing my existing social life over finding a partner , especially as my closest friends are spread over several cities . 
  arranging dates and messaging through okc/tinder is something that i do when i remember to . 
  i do n't really know how to answer ` why ' . 
  it just does n't feel like something life or death urgent to me , you know ? 
  i miss sex , and i would like reliable companionship and someone to do things with , but it 's not a desperate goal of mine . 
  own it !, 
  male ballet dancers are tough , and musicals are amazing !, 
  there is a reason that the west end and broadway are full of musicals . 
  i 'm guessing you might be british , so take full advantage of our amazing theatrical legacy !, 
  also , part of this is a getting-older thing . 
  the older i get , the more i realise i really do n't give a shit what other people think of my hobbies and interests . 
  i love ballet . 
  i love musicals .
