  you do what 's right for you . 
  when i met my best friend at 19 , she had never had a relationship , never been kissed , never had sex and was terrified about getting involved with a guy . 
  now she 's almost thirty and will be getting married next year . 
  do n't stress !, 
  there are thousands of inexperienced 20 year olds out in the world right now . 
  you 're not alone , and we all get there one way or the other . 
  what 's your reason for waiting ? 
  is it to build work experience , because you do n't know what you want to do , or just to have another year off ? 
  if it 's the first two , i think working full time instead of going to uni is absolutely fine . 
  if it 's the third option , then i would consider either looking for jobs that will create more of a career for you , or going to uni . 
  consider the financial obligation though - you do n't * have * to do uni if you do n't fully want to . 
  i really like the sound of all of this , but i 'm not sure how the registration/non-registration war arc would build from that . 
  maybe crossbones hunting down the soldier would be the destructive sequence that spurs everything on ? 
  my mum always asks my brother and i for lists of what we 'd really like , so do that and do n't be embarrassed !, 
  loving someone and knowing their personality enough to buy a good present for them are two totally different things . 
  lists help everyone out . 
  but is having a good idea of what a gift is going to be and then seeing that gift really worse than having a cupboard full of unused surprise presents ? 
  i 'd say it 's much better to lose an element of surprise but gain something that you genuinely really love and want to use . 
  i just add more on top , but baby wiping first is probably the better way to do it . 
  i think it 's nice that you 're so fond of us , and we always welcome tourists with open arms , but unless your parents or maybe grandparents are from the uk , i would n't see you as british american . 
  i 'd just see you as american . 
  being concerned with ` heritage ' is a weird american quirk - we do n't really care about it very much over here . 
  people really * do * that ? 
  how arrogant !, 
  what subject is she looking to study and what unis are you planning to visit ? 
  are you going to scotland/wales/n . 
  ireland too or just england ? 
  if we know which ones you 're looking at , we can tell you whether it would be better to get trains to each or just drive as some can be quite rural campuses and others can be part of a whole city . 
  i used to love the ask me anything community on livejournal , and i heard reddit mentioned over there a few times by various users . 
  i took a gander and got hooked . 
  where 's your love for the scots , op ? 
  or the welsh ? 
  i mean , clearly us english produce the best hollywood starlets , but you 've got to have some love for james mcavoy too . 
  anyway , my answer is always tom hiddleston . 
  yay ireland !, 
  you all did good . 
  of course it 's not wrong !, 
  you spend several years in one place , it 's natural to form attachments to it and to the people you see every day . 
  best of luck in your exams . 
  i do n't honestly care what any american thinks about our culture and traditions . 
  he 's a republican , big deal . 
  we have plenty of those too . 
  we as a country like the monarchy and that 's all that matters . 
  i 'm absolutely fine with it . 
  bucky 's arc is a big emotional hook for steve , and conflict with bucky means conflict for cap . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing how it all pans out . 
  the internet is great for new comics fans !, 
  i 'm a marvel fan , so i use marvel unlimited . 
  it 's an app , or readable through the marvel website and it 's # 6 a month which then gives you access to their full inventory of comics !, 
  the only catch is that you get access only to issues that are six months old or later , but when there is so much to work through that does n't bother me . 
  i 've used it to read a couple of daredevil series since the netflix show launched , the most recent black widow run and fraction 's hawkeye run , which has to be my favourite so far . 
  comixology is also good , and i think their app is more stable than the marvel unlimited one . 
  definitely take a look . 
  i really really love the character development in im2 - tony 's issues with his father , the disintigration of his relationship with pepper as he gets more unstable , his friendship with rhodey , natasha working her way into stark industries to keep an eye on tony , his personal feelings about being gradually poisoned by his arc reactor ... i could honestly watch those scenes over and over . 
  i know it 's not a popular opinion , but i do like im3 !, 
  it 's a bit longwinded , but its fun and i had no prior ideas about the mandarin going in , so i loved the plot twist . 
  i like im2 's characters better , though . 
  uniforms are mostly compulsory in schools up until the last two years of school . 
  sixth formers ( age 16-18 ) are normally allowed free reign on clothes as a kind of `` you 're big enough and ugly enough to be treated like adults now '' deal , though some may say it needs to be business wear like suits and ties . 
  my grammar school let us wore what we wanted ( within reason ! ), 
  but the other grammar insisted on suits for their sixth formers . 
  my old all girls grammar school had a basic uniform of skirt , polo shirt and sweatshirt up until two years ago when they switched everyone over to blazers , tartan skirts and buttoned shirts . 
  i assume the new headteacher thought students just did n't look smart enough . 
  depends entirely on how big the table is . 
  if it 's a small pub table with friends , probably across . 
  if it 's a big table with vague acquaintances , probably next to or generally close by . 
  he 's okay , i guess . 
  not my type at all . 
  oh hardly high standards , i just prefer lanky arty actor body types is all !, 
  different strokes etc etc. 
  colchester girls high ? 
  i think it 'll be fun , and i like that there 's low expectations for it at the moment - less pressure for the cast and crew to make the next big marvel film . 
  just correct them politely if they bring it up in the same way you just described it to us . 
  `` oh , i get how you 'd think that - it 's a coincidence , is n't it ? 
  it 's really the only name that works in our two languages . '', 
  simple and to the point . 
  let the aunt think that if it helps , but correct anyone else who asks . 
  with aw , posts ca n't be specific to one person and one situation , so if you asked more about being around teenage girls on their periods in general and how periods work , rather than just your sister , it would be okay . 
  you were more than happy with your birthday until your friend took issue with it , which tells me that your boyfriend made the day exactly as it should be , presents or no presents . 
  giving a gift is only one way to show love for someone . 
  i 'd like to see more hormone contraceptive options offered for men , sure . 
  i think it 's something that 's being developed , but so far it feels like a shame that the only sexual tools on the market on the market for main are there to aid virility , not to help reduce a risk in the end result of virility . 
  but to be fair , you 're talking about men only having guarantees through abstinence if they do n't trust their partner . 
  if you fully trust the person that you 're sleeping with to be on top of the contraceptive issues , and you both talk about it responsibly then you should be able to have sex with confidence that you 'll be either protected from pregnancy or able to deal with it if accidents happen ( which they do even on the pill or with an iud ) . 
  also , i do n't necessarily * want * to change anything . 
  if men want to change the options available to them then they need to start opening dialogues about it and getting more attention brought to the issue . 
  puppy pictures  cat pictures . 
  sorry , but it 's true . 
  ohmygod that face !, 
  he 's adorable !, 
  i help out once a month at my ringcraft classes ( how to do dog shows , basically ) and i get to make a fuss of sooooo many cute puppies . 
  best night of the week !, 
  i 'm 30 and i 'm a week away from my final exam of a three year degree in history with the open university , which are a distance learning organisation . 
  it 's my second degree and a total career change for me . 
  i 've found this time around i 'm ten times more motivated than i ever was for my first degree . 
  i * want * to do it , and that 's what matters because it 's bloody hard work . 
  balancing a degree with working full time has felt positively masochistic , but i 'm so proud of myself for doing it . 
  i took it on because i know i want to be a teacher , so this is my road to getting there , and i really do think that whatever you decide to move into , you have to be * really * determined to get there . 
  this can be so fucking hard sometimes and you need that motivation to push through and get the work done . 
  all of my friends and all of my family are really really supportive , but it 's also one hundred percent my ambition that 's got me through .
