  oh yeah , definitely scott too !, 
  he was all grown up and in charge and responsible . 
  there were a few rivals on lj !, 
  i was in nowplaying ? 
  oh i know who you are !, 
  i played remy :d, 
  whenever i go to cambridge there are hundreds of posters on railings advertising a chamber orchestra performance , or classical music concert or shakespeare play , so it feels like a very clever town to me . 
  it 's definitely more ` normal ' as you leave the collegey student bits though . 
  cornwall . 
  i know it 's absolutely gorgeous and has loads of hippy artists turn up , and pirate history , but does anything else happen in cornwall ? 
  it always seems to be just hanging out down there , doing its own thing . 
  secondary history teacher trainee . 
  i 'll give it a go . 
  ** what are the hidden challenges of teaching ? 
  balancing your lessons so everyone gets something out of it . 
  you 've got to make sure the less able kids can a ) read their task b ) understand what they 've read and c ) actually do the task . 
  meanwhile you 've got the really clever ones who you need to stretch and challenge - you ca n't just leave them to their own devices , otherwise they 'll get bored and cause trouble . 
  i also want them to have at least one lesson where they actually really * think * during the day . 
  being aware of the wider education issues is really important too . 
  it 's not just about my class - it 's about exams , pshe , academies , sen-d , multiculturalism , developments in history as a skill and the bigger education agenda . 
  you have to at least be aware of it all . 
  handling kids you do n't know who may be messing around at break or lunch . 
  telling someone in a class off is one thing . 
  telling off a yr 10 who you 've never met and do n't know the name of is another thing entirely , but you 're the adult and you have to nip this stuff in the bud when you see it . 
  ** what are the three most important traits teachers should have ? 
  patience, 
  assertiveness, 
  a really good sense of humour, 
  the ability to manage your time and workload . 
  i know that 's four , but this one is sooooo vital to keep your sanity . 
  ** how does teaching affect your personal life ? 
  it 's taken over my life , to be honest . 
  i 've spent this entire saturday sat at my kitchen table doing assessment marking , and i still have loads to do . 
  i wake up dreaming of lessons . 
  i 'm constantly thinking of the next thing on my to do list . 
  but i * have * to make personal time for myself too , because you ca n't be a martyr to the education cause . 
  i love the job , though . 
  the days go ridiculously fast , and seeing my form is one of my favourite parts of my day . 
  i 'm really glad that i 'm doing this . 
  making yourself smaller generally means low confidence . 
  when we feel powerful and confident , we make ourselves bigger - think of the wonder woman / superman pose with hands on hips . 
  every time people win a race , they put their hands up in the air . 
  apparently even people blind from birth do it , because it 's a natural impulse to display how big and triumphant you are . 
  it 's also a good way to artifically feel confident when you 're nervous , like in an interview situation . 
  make yourself bigger for a few minutes . 
  it really works !, 
  i use it when i 'm in front of a rowdy class that i feel uncomfortable about controlling . 
  i just stand there with my hands on my hips for a minute or two and it really helps me feel secure and in control again . 
  conversely , low confidence body language is things like hunching shoulders , crossing arms , sinking into your chair , or hiding behind hands or hair or using an object in front of you like a shield . 
  if you know what to look out for then yes , it 's very obvious in any social situation . 
  i procrastinate the most when i 'm afraid of failure . 
  i 'm probably single because i have some kind of fear of abandonment , and do n't like the idea of being vulnerable in front of someone . 
  online dating often does n't help me help myself . 
  there are very , very few people who know the real me . 
  that 's the first time i 've ever actually admitted either of those things . 
  i would always recommend doing a maths degree , and then go on to a pgce for the education part . 
  teaching is a tough job and they are crying out for maths teachers , but that does n't mean you need to do it all in one go . 
  personally i feel like a separate maths degree is a better call than a ba maths and education one , and you will be a better teacher for being a little bit older and wiser . 
  have you done any work experience in schools ? 
  you really need to , to know what you 're training for . 
  they 're desperate for maths teachers because they ca n't get stem people into the profession . 
  you can also get a bursary of 30,000 ( i think ) for the year to do your pgce training . 
  financially it makes more sense to do it later , and as someone who is currently doing that training , i would * seriously * recommend it when you are a little bit older . 
  it is a * hard * year , and you need to be able to time manage properly and seriously apply yourself . 
  i could not have done this job as an undergrad straight from sixth form . 
  because you really can not leave your class alone and unsupervised . 
  most of the time i do n't let students out for the loo , so why would it be okay for me to tell thirty teenagers ` just going to the loo , be right back guys , entertain yourselves ' ? 
  i 'm a bit in love with bake off creme de la creme right now - it 's professional teams competing against each other with amazing collections of pastries and huge sculptures . 
  one of the judges is really really mean !, 
  it 's amazing to see the showstopper finales though . 
  yeah , i much prefer how laid back our shows are . 
  bake off is just really fun , not cut throat at all . 
  my tastes have n't changed a huge amount , other than my need for guys i date to have ambition and drive . 
  i used to date floaty actors , and i still really like that artistic creative type , but i need someone who really * wants * to go somewhere in life . 
  i went on a date with a guy who was content at just working in a supermarket last week , and it did n't chime with me at all . 
  security and ambition are both becoming much more important for my tastes . 
  oooh i 'm a history geek and loooove history trivia !, 
  victorian london used to have a huge problem with gin addiction and crime . 
  one gin addict got so desperate that she killed her baby to sell the baby clothes and buy gin . 
  king james ( yes , the one who commissioned the king james bible ) was really very gay , and used to write passionate letters to his court favourite , the duke of buckingham ( also known as ` steenie ' ) , signed off as ` your dear dad ', 
  king henry viii adored spending money on clothes . 
  he would spent our equivalent of # 2.5 million a * year * on clothes . 
  when he got older and much larger , his servants actually used to stuff their clothes to look like the fatter king . 
  ( all from alison weir 's book ` henry viii : king and court ' ), 
  britain was very , very close to losing the air war ( the battle of britain ) at the start of the second world war , and being open to invasion by germany . 
  the turning point was when german bombers focused on attacking london rather than our raf airfields , and we had room to breathe , repair a few planes and get a few more pilots back in the air again to go and attack the luftwaffe . 
  i love both of the bucky ones , but i agree with op that the smithsonian one is my favourite . 
  seb stan never says a thing , but you can see all of the emotions going across his face while that score music screeches in the background . 
  it 's so emotional . 
  schwarma is probably a close second , especially as it was such a last minute add on . 
  i love that one !, 
  groot is brilliant . 
  haha no , not rewarding at all !, 
  it 's more like , oh god why have i woken up at 5.30 am dreaming of year 8 for the third year in a row i just need my sleep . 
  that sort of waking up feeling . 
  crazy . 
  i thought i was doing okay with my to do list , but then i got another essential last minute thing that involves lots of work put on for wednesday , and now i 'm mildly freaking out . 
  again . 
  right now my mantra is ` i 'm seeing captain america on friday ' . 
  if i can get through to friday , i 'll be okay !,
