  i remember being soooo addicted to transmet when it first came out and reading it on the bus on the way to school . 
  spider jerusalem is a terrible person , but such a great character . 
  `` you call me * boy * ?! '', 
  that righteous anger and the little gleam of purple in ronan 's eyes is just great . 
  which one is that from ? 
  oh , of course !, 
  the scene with klaue , right ? 
  i totally missed that one . 
  side villain ? 
  alexander pierce was the main villain , surely ? 
  you ca n't honestly stand there and say `` no issues exist here in the west , you should be complaining about the third world instead ! '', 
  we are not a perfect society and there are * absolutely * still issues like wage gaps , a rape society and the overabundance of men in high power positions than need to be examined . 
  issues like international poverty , and the criminal undereducation of women across the world is a huge issue , but charity starts at home . 
  * that 's * where feminism comes in . 
  we need to fix ourselves as well as trying to help the big international problems . 
  glass houses and throwing stones come to mind . 
  quim is an english word , but it 's just a very archaic form . 
  the oxford english dictionary puts its first appearance at 1613 . 
  i read a brilliant little fic not too long ago where bucky re-meets rumlow in an elevator and teaches him alllll about order and pain . 
  it was gruesomely satisfying . 
  i actually got that recommendation from the women in marvel podcast !, 
  they were talking about the series , and there 's an episode from about a month ago talking all about daredevil 's history and the best runs to read . 
  i picked up waid 's run on marvel unlimited from their rec and i 'm tearing through it as we speak . 
  oh , found it !, 
  it 's [ this one ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/3196691/chapters/6950636 ) . 
  it 's just one chapter so it 's very short , and not very sweet for rumlow . 
  i love that i can just hear ben kingsley saying that out loud too . 
  my best friend has a freakishly good memory for things that happened to us years ago . 
  she remembered exactly how we met ( i 'd * totally * forgotten , other than just a vague ` through school ' ) , she remembers stupid stuff my old dog did when we had sleepovers , and just all sorts of silly little things . 
  it 's quite nice actually , if a little bit freaky that she can recall things that have otherwise totally left my head . 
  be a little more specific in your question , and also make it a bit more conversational . 
  `` tell me something interesting '' is just so wildly open ended - it 's like meeting a comedian and saying `` hey , tell me something funny '' . 
  total conversation killer . 
  narrow it down a bit more - read any good books lately / where do you work / do you have any siblings / what sort of food do you like / do you have any pets / have you seen the new avengers film yet / got any holidays planned for this year ? 
  that sort of stuff . 
  it 's open ended questioning without being a gaping hole of ` what the hell do i say ? ', 
  good dress sense . 
  a smartly dressed man ( or one wearing well-chosen clothes ) makes 100 % more difference for me . 
  we 're not really judging anyone . 
  we show affection for people by gently mocking them , rather than cheering them on like americans do . 
  we english mock the scots , welsh and irish and they mock us , and it 's all ( usually ) done in fun . 
  that 's a very old-fashioned london bus , like one of the early routemasters . 
  i wonder if it 's a flashback scene ? 
  12 and i 'm 30 . 
  i would like more sex in general and a higher number would be fine with me , but i 'm happy enough with that . 
  she 's a touchy-feely kind of person and in an affectionate mood ? 
  okay , so , i see what you 're trying to do with the humour and immigrants and tory cuts etc etc , but -- hint : just do n't . 
  it does n't work for tourists . 
  i 'd probably reckon a car will be your best bet if you plan on whizzing around the lake district . 
  if you 're mostly going between major cities like bath and edinburgh then train * would * be best , but i suspect you 've left it way too late to get tickets at a decent price . 
  i know there is a britrail pass , but i 'm not certain on how early you need to book one ? 
  best do a quick google for that . 
  traffic will be fine , there 's traffic reports quite frequently on the radio so you can keep up with any trouble spots , but i should n't think you 'll have any major problems driving around . 
  a section with big overall plot links ( infinity stones , thanos , hydra , loki being odin ) would be good , and maybe a section with smaller fun links in ? 
  ( jarvis also being jarvis in agent carter , coulson in im2 being sent to new mexico for thor , 12 % ), 
  history . 
  right now my two degree modules are in modern european history ( 1914 - 1989 ) and classical mythology , which i 'm rather in love with . 
  the romans in particular are fascinating , especially when you start reading about all of their obscene graffiti in pompeii and all of the things that went on in public baths . 
  fun things i love learning are ; backstories for fictional characters ( tony stark , natasha romanoff , bucky barnes ... ) , stupid trivia for films including buying books of concept art and props designs for films like harry potter and guardians of the galaxy , and keeping up with kennels and winners for my particular dog breed . 
  i love solo travel !, 
  there 's a subreddit for it as well ( of course ) / r/solotravel, 
  the last solo trip i did was in february to copenhagen for four days , and i stayed in a hotel , mostly because i like to have a bit more space to spread out and it was a nice budget hotel recommended to me by one of our office engineers . 
  it was n't dangerous in the slightest , and i kept myself entertained by going around museums and galleries , doing some shopping , spending time reading my kindle in cosy coffee shops and chatting to the locals . 
  i 've done more domestic travel by myself than international - i live in the uk and like to hop over to oxford or edinburgh for a few days where i can - but i 've never ever had an issue . 
  airbnb is a great alternative option to hotels and hostels , and if you want to be really adventurous you could do things like work abroad - but that 's for the serious devotees . 
  i 'm a very independent person and i love love love solo travel . 
  it suits me down to the ground and i will happily jump on a plane and zip to a city to go explore for a few days all on my tod . 
  i like just being able to go where i want , when i want and do things at my own pace . 
  i hope you have the most brilliant time !, 
  i guess childishness keys in with a particular sense of humour for me . 
  i just do n't find childish jokes about farts or poo or anything else in that vein very funny , or jokes that make fun of other people . 
  i 'd find that childish and unattractive , even if someone ticked all of the other boxes like career , social skills , etc. 
  flights of fancy are totally fine - i love harry potter , disneyland , fantasy books and marvel movies , so i 'd love to find someone to indulge in that with me . 
  if our senses of humour do n't mesh however , i 'd find that really hard to get past . 
  my feet get cold really easily , but i can wear a top without a cardigan or extra layer quite happily . 
  i do n't view it as needing someone to explore * with * - i go and explore on my own , enjoy the experiences as i do them and i do n't feel the need to have someone standing beside me to say `` oh , is n't that painting cool ? '' . 
  i 'll buy a city travel guide , mark off the things that i 'd like to see and then go and see them !, 
  i could change my mind on a whim , or spend the day lazing around in my hotel room if i wanted rather than go and see that art gallery that i 'd originally planned to do . 
  for me , solo travel is all about just going with my gut , making my own decisions exactly as and when i want to and just being a bit selfish in a new city for a few days . 
  i used to be , but as more of my friends have had babies i 've become more used to it . 
  i saw one of my new mum friends a few weeks ago in her home and we were chatting on the sofa with baby attached and feeding . 
  it was a little odd at first , but i got over it after about five minutes or so . 
  i follow uk politics in a vague ` oh , so that happened ' kind of way , but i really do n't know much about international politics . 
  the uk news does tend to report a reasonable amount from europe and the us , particularly the guardian which is my preferred news feed , but i really do n't know anything about news in australia , nz or asia . 
  i do like to keep tabs on the big stories that are going on , but i 'll also read a domestic news story over an international one . 
  i used to work in theatre and go to performances as often as i can , so a partner who loves ( or at least will come along and watch ) the arts is an absolute must for me . 
  several !, 
  i 've done quite a few small solo holidays in different towns here in the uk , mostly oxford and edinburgh , and just filled them with really really touristy things . 
  i have loads of friends in edinburgh , so trips by myself up there involve lots of catch-up sessions , but when i go to oxford i just like to spend it going around the colleges , doing shopping days in town and spending a lazy day or two in my hotel . 
  i did copenhagen by myself in february too , and that was great fun !, 
  again , it was just lots of museums and art galleries , but i found a couple of * really * cute and cosy ( hyligge ! ), 
  cafes to curl up and read my kindle in for an afternoon . 
  i 'd love to do a solo trip to disneyworld some day , or just a few days in rome . 
  oh you 'll love it !, 
  we 've got so many things to keep tourists occupied over here . 
   have you decided which towns in england you want to come and see yet ? 
  you must go to the studio tour , it 's just amazing . 
  kings cross is worth a glance , but do n't do what my friend did ( twice ! ), 
  and miss a train because you 're looking for the trolley in the wall . 
  think about how many teenage girls you 're going to encourage in science and stem subjects by being their teacher !,
