  there 's five of us all together and we 're all on the same teacher training course in the uk . 
  we 're actually turning out to be a nice mix , even though we originally ` met ' and arranged to get a house together through facebook . 
  we 're all in our twenties , all single and all postgraduates , so all relatively clean and tidy . 
  one is only 21 and she seems much younger than the rest of us in a lot of ways , but she 's a lovely girl . 
  i 'm sure she 'll come around in time . 
  that 's not exactly fair to her though , is it ? 
  you 've been together two * years * , but you 're saying you do n't even really want a commitment and you 're holding yourself back from her . 
  somehow i doubt she feels the same way . 
  she 's much better off being able to go and find someone who really * loves * her and wants to be with her , not someone who just wants to up sticks and go find himself for six months at a time . 
  i know , right ? 
  there 's a translation beneath that tumblr post , but i do n't know how literal it is . 
  tea . 
  because i am about as stereotypically english as you can possibly get and drink about ten cups a day . 
  tea wins every time for me !, 
  i love tea . 
  it 's not even about the taste - i know full well that tea is just slightly-flavoured hot water . 
  it 's just all about the comfort factor . 
  every stage of my day is punctuated with a cup of tea , because that 's how i 've been brought up . 
  breakfast ? 
  tea . 
  just got to work ? 
  tea . 
  elevenses ? 
  tea . 
  lunch ? 
  tea . 
  afternoon tea break ? 
  tea . 
  home from work ? 
  tea . 
  dinner ? 
  tea . 
  watching evening tv ? 
  tea . 
  it 's ridiculous , i know . 
  the hoover hose . 
  not the hoover itself when it 's all upright and moving , but just the detachable hose bit when you 're getting into the awkward little corners . 
  he goes absolutely * nuts * . 
  look op , your parents may think their idea of your career means big successful daughter , but i 'm sure that if they * actually * knew what your life was like they would be horrified and want you out of there straight away . 
  this is n't what adult life is . 
  i 'm thirty and retraining for a new career , and the most exciting thing i did this week is go to a restaurant and cinema with a housemate and have a cocktail . 
  one cocktail . 
  no drugs , no parties , just nice conversation with a friend , a good film and home to bed . 
  you need to break the cycle of this crazy career . 
  sure , the money is good , but you said it yourself , you 're wasting it all on coke . 
  you 're already burned out , and you ca n't keep going just for the sake of other people 's misguided impressions . 
  take a holiday . 
  go home to your parents . 
  tell them what 's * really * going on . 
  make a plan to leave and get things back on track . 
  you can do this , op . 
  private schools and public schools ( both fee paying ) do n't require certification , but some tend to prefer it . 
  academies and free schools ( non-fee paying comprehensives are outside local authority rules and are free to hire non-certified teachers if they want . 
  academies comprise about 60 % of the schools in england now , and there have been a lot more schools converting to academies in the last few years but the numbers are starting to level out . 
  local authority run schools must hire teachers with qts ( qualified teacher status ) . 
  it depends entirely on what subject you teach as to whether you have a chance of getting a position . 
  schools are desperate for maths , science , geography and design technology teachers right now . 
  but bear in mind that the uk visa system is still a really difficult one to navigate , and just becusse they can hire someone without qts does n't mean that they 'll go through the procedures to bring in an international candidate . 
  let them support you . 
  i dont think it 's going to be something that you can just walk away from , especially with that tantalising high income , so let them ( and your friends at home ) be your support system . 
  they can help you get things back together and work out what you want to do next . 
  how to put an attachment on an email . 
  yes mum , i * know * you know how to do this . 
  an essex girl who could almost have been a suffolk girl , if my mum had made an effort to go an extra twenty minutes down the a12 to the next hospital along . 
  well , i guess these white stilettos will have to be awright , innit ? 
  no , it 's because anyone could easily grab my defensive weapon and use it against me . 
  that makes me much more nervous than not owning something in the first place . 
  no , it 's illegal here to carry anything that would intentionally be used as a defensive weapon ; guns , taser , pepper spray , spare deodorant can . 
  i do n't feel like i need to be armed when i 'm out and about , anyway . 
  do what you * enjoy * , both for these first three years and then for the next however many years . 
  this degree does n't define the rest of your life . 
  you can always change your mind and retrain a few years down the line . 
  i did . 
  do what you love , not what we tell you to do . 
  oooh celebrity crush is an even split between sebastian stan and tom hiddleston . 
  love me some marvel actors . 
  i 've worked in theatre too , for like six years , and totally get the ` this is so weird , i know they 're just normal people ' feeling , but whenever sebastian stan turns up on my screen i 'm like well * shit * . 
  guess i 'm going to be fifteen all over again . 
  just saw it tonight and really enjoyed it !, 
  that martian landscape filmography was amazing . 
  agreed with most of the changes from the book , disagreed with one , but overall thought it was great and damon was a hands down perfect watney . 
  he does n't care , op . 
  not even a little tiny bit . 
  he does n't care about tidying up after himself . 
  he does n't care about providing the one thing you need to reduce your anxiety ( being tidy ) . 
  he doesnt care about when he inconveniences you , or about doing what you ask . 
  he also does n't care about your finances , and i 'm quite sure youll have to wrestle that money out of him before he pays up . 
  this is n't a boyfriend you have here . 
  this is a lazy moocher who ca n't be bothered to get up off of his arse and be an adult . 
  you do n't need that in your life at all . 
  a girl !, 
  they showed him in an orphanage run by nuns . 
  it 's not a * huge * leap to say that the orphanage named after a saint that daisy went to is also the one run by nuns that matt went to . 
  we do have flavoured cereal , but it 's usually honey or chocolate . 
  fruit comes extra , like raisin wheats ( with raisins inside the wheat parcels ) rather than raisin-flavoured wheats . 
  i 've grown up with english setters , and i know i 'm always going to have at least one in my house . 
  they 're super smart , incredibly affectionate and a very , very loving , gentle breed with loads of energy and the dopiest , most gorgeous expressions . 
  downsides are that they need their exercise daily , their recall is * terrible * ( they were bred to go and find birds by themselves , so they 're very independent ) , and you will never have a hair - free house again . 
  es 's moult * everywhere * and * constantly * . 
  they 're also very cheeky when it comes to food - i know of several who have eaten whole roast dinners , and one of our old ones ate all the christmas dinner supplies out of a freezer .
