  believe me , i am * all * for more hot skimpily-clothed men being used in the media . 
  maybe ask him how he would feel if everything was targeted towards gay men ? 
  skimpy briefs , oiled abs and chiselled chins on every ad break . 
  grammar schools are academically selective and you have to pass the 11 + exam in year 6 to get in . 
  other than that , there 's no real difference . 
  my grammar school was also single sex but as far as i could tell , we did most things the same as the other comprehensives nearby . 
  my mum irons , but i try and avoid it unless necessary . 
  i 'm also not allowed to iron my dad 's shirts whenever i do do a basket , as apparently i ca n't get the seams right or something . 
  i know !, 
  sometimes i 'm having a hard time really rooting for matt when fisk seems to want the exact same thing for the exact same reasons . 
  such a great villain . 
  mcdonalds is the cheapest one nearest my office ( damn you costa and your tasty but expensive sandwiches ) and i 'm okay with eating there occasionally . 
  a ) i do n't rank people - like , i do n't see 7/10 or 10/10 or whatever , i just see ` attractive ' and ` not attractive ' . 
  b ) i like both . 
  some skinny guys are ridiculously hot . 
  some more muscular guys really make it work . 
  i 'm not picky , but i do find lanky men particularly appealing . 
  trying not to binge watch daredevil instead of doing my necessary uni work . 
  oh my god daredevil is * so good * . 
  watch that instead !, 
  unnghhh charlie cox has my heart now . 
  i 'm in love with matt murdock . 
  also , the end of episode 4 was * so gory * wtf . 
  i was * not * expecting that !, 
  it 's like super * super * violent in places and really nothing like the other marvel properties , but it 's just amazing and beautifully done . 
  i 'm only up to episode 9 right now , and i 'm honestly having a hard time completely rooting for matt when fisk is such a brilliant tragic villain !, 
  perfect casting for sure . 
  same . 
  :( academic procrastination is terrible . 
  you know it 's just going to be worse if you do n't do it , but then the tv and internet has something cool and new which is so much more interesting ... 
  and it 's so subjective as well !, 
  so someone is a 7 according to you - they might be a ten or a two according to the person standing next to you !, 
  what is even the point of ranking when different people find different things attractive ? 
  essex is well connected by train to london liverpool street ( services every half hour ) with the main areas being romford , brentwood , basildon , chelmsford and colchester . 
  most commuters end up in chelmsford and colchester or areas nearby , but i 've heard from friends that chelmsford can be quite pricy . 
  the a12 is a bit shit and in need of some heavy repair in places , but it 'll get you from a to b. 
  i live in colchester so i know north essex better than south , but personally i think the countryside and areas are nicer the further you get out of london and the closer you get to the suffolk border . 
  it depends what you 're looking for , really !, 
  it 's about 45 minutes ( maybe a bit less ) from colchester , and you can either take the a12 or go through some leafier back roads . 
  either way , the main roundabout ( i forget the name of the junction ) to actually get on the a12 has a * lot * of accidents on , so can be a bit of a nightmare . 
  the trains are expensive for commuters but they have good service as long as they 're not doing engineering works on the weekends . 
  right now it 's run by abellio greater anglia but you know how these things change . 
  i used to when i was a student . 
  i enjoyed my uni life very much . 
  now i 'm very selective about who i sleep with and go for long dry spells . 
  i 'd rather just have sex within a relationship now than do casual sex . 
  so no , i do n't just hook up with whoever i want , because i do n't want anyone who is n't a boyfriend . 
  oh i 'm so sorry . 
  :( digby was absolutely gorgeous . 
  sleep tight , lovely boy . 
  circle actually gave up ownership of hinchingbrooke hospital this year ; it returned to the nhs on the 1st of april as circle [ `` could n't cope with rising demands and funding cuts '' ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/hinchingbrooke-hospital-britains-only-privately-run-nhs-hospital-appeals-for-10m-taxpayerfunded-bailout-10037083.html ) . 
  i 've never ever ranked guys with my friends . 
  it 's always `` he 's cute ! '', 
  `` oh yeah , definitely cute ! '', 
  or `` he 's cute ! '', 
  `` nah , i do n't like those chunky types so much . '', 
  i do n't * get * the ranking thing . 
  it 's so much more complicated than just a yes/no answer . 
  is this a thing that all guys do ? 
  yeah , but even saying `` you would find me a 7.5 '' is so weird . 
  like , that 's just about average is n't it ? 
  so op is asking `` would you date someone you sort of found attractive if he was skinny ? '', 
  well , yeah . 
  i would find him attractive , so i would date him . 
  adding in arbitrary ranks just makes things so complicated !, 
  i trained up until i did a 10k in february and then ` took a break ' . 
  i started again last week and jumped back in the programme to week 5 , but i 've also booked a 5k race in june , and that 's what makes the difference for me . 
  if i have something that i actually have to show up for and complete , then i 'll keep up the training . 
  if not , i let it lapse . 
  definitely evenings for me . 
  i feel like i need to have had eaten already ( at some point in the day ) to get me through the run , and i always always struggle in morning runs . 
  i 've got much more oomph if i get changed and go straight out after work . 
  same !, 
  i shave last of all in the shower so those pores are nice and open , lather up with some body wash or conditioner , whizz a razor up from ankle to knee , rinse and done !, 
  ankle boots are a great spring bridge and look adorable with skinny jeans , or converse work with pretty much anything . 
  saunas need swimwear for sure , but nudity in the dressing room is fine . 
  i tend to see most people cover up with a towel on the way to/from the showers . 
  it 's not that i find the ranking system ` inappropriate ' , it 's that it just seems entirely useless and arbitrary . 
  no one has any agreement on who is hot , even when you 're talking about celebrities , so how can anyone possibly say `` oh , she 's a 6 / she 's a 10 / i 'm an 8 / i 'm a 3 '' ? 
  sure people who think they are a ' 6 ' will gravitate to ` other 6s ' , because a ) they do n't think they 're somehow ` worthy ' of their self-defined 10 , and b ) people who are confident enough to declare that they 're a 9 or 10 ( whatever that means ) will generally also look for other confident people . 
  it 's just all up in the air numbers . 
  it does n't * mean * anything . 
  there 's nothing * wrong * with anyone 's personal process , but i just do n't see the point in qualifying attractiveness with a number . 
  i do n't scale * anything * . 
  i do n't look at a car and think `` well , it 's a 6 on speed but a 10 on colour . '', 
  i do n't look at a dog , or a house , or a photograph or a landscape and qualify it , and i do n't do it for people . 
  everything is a yes/no for me , including on whether i find someone attractive . 
  that 's it . 
  i do n't understand the point in saying `` welllll , her body is a 10 , but man , that 's a 2 for the face '' . 
  what happens when someone is a 5 or whatever ? 
  does that mean `` i 'd sleep with them , but only in a dark room with lots of whisky involved ? '', 
  i have no idea . 
  i 'll be honest and say i 've never really thought about it . 
  i guess i 'm really good at supporting everything that my friends/potential relationships want to do ? 
  i can say with absolute certainty than in all discussions with my girl friends about people we are attracted to , none of us have ever assigned a numeric value to the person in question . 
  not even in a joking fashion . 
  i have also never ever knowingly assigned a value to a person . 
  i also think a lot of answers in this sub back that up . 
  maybe it is the data analyst in you also deciding that your experiences are similar for everyone , but for some reason , men seem to view people numerically and women do n't . 
  i really do n't know why .
