  that 's the most you can do . 
  i do n't think i 'll be alone forever at all . 
  sure , i 've been single for most of my twenties , but life expectancy for our generation is getting close to a hundred now . 
  that 's still seventy years for me to find someone ( or maybe even two or three someones ) to love . 
  who knows who i 'm going to meet next week , let alone over the next ten or twenty years ? 
  i can be patient . 
  i 'm in no rush . 
  i do n't want a * massive * wedding , but i 'd like one in a stately home or historic house , with a lovely dress and makeup , a good wedding breakfast , a fun ceilidh or something for the reception , a really well-sourced professional photographer , and maybe around a hundred guests . 
  that 's going to cost money , but i 'm okay with that . 
  it was one date , you did n't know her , you were n't under any obligation to carry on the conversation longer than you wanted . 
  to be honest , i think it 's a weird thing that she wanted to divulge her entire sexual past to you , cheating and all , on the first date . 
  that 's fucking bizarre , and something i would * never * do . 
  in the future maybe do n't make such a dramatic exit over a disagreement , but i do n't really blame you for cutting and running on this one . 
  wearing the same red top as we see in the post - credits scene , so maybe they 're filming the lead in to that ? 
  oh sebastian is romanian is n't he ? 
  i wonder if we 'll get the soldier speaking some authentic dialogue ? 
  that would be fun !, 
  yup !, 
  [ imdb page ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1659221/bio?ref_=nm_ql_1 ) . 
  born in romania and lived there until he was 8 when he moved to vienna , and then on to the states when he was 12 . 
  i hope they definitely take advantage of that , it would be great . 
  yup , you can drive uk cars on the continent , and european cars can drive over here without a problem . 
  i see german and dutch cars around all the time here in essex because of the ferry port that links us . 
  i think you just have to add covers onto your headlights to make sure the beam angle does n't dazzle continent drivers and be extra careful about awareness of other drivers , but otherwise you 're good to go wherever you like . 
  travelzoo is good for this sort of stuff ; you can find their page for [ all inclusive european holidays here ] ( http://www.travelzoo.com/uk/holidays/all-inclusive-holidays-europe/ ) . 
  oh it 's a massive thing !, 
  do n't underestimate the power of shippers . 
  steve/bucky is a big a fan thing as steve and peggy . 
  depends where you live . 
  if you 're in a big city with good public transport , like nyc or london , then i could n't care less about having a drivers license . 
  if you 're somewhere rural and would be relying on infrequent buses or lifts from everyone else , then yeah , i 'd be put off by that . 
  your girlfriend is * twenty one years old * . 
  she is not a precious , delicate glass figurine that needs to be protected from the wilds of the world by her big masculine boyfriend . 
  she is perfectly capable of going on a girls holiday without your involvement , and you know what ? 
  i bet she 'll even have a fun time , too . 
  back off . 
  you do n't get a say in this . 
  this is * her * holiday , not yours . 
   it 's not like i would smother them 24/7 either . 
  i 'd get lost occasionally and let them hang out on their own as well . 
  that 's so magnamanious of you , op . 
  really . 
  you 'd * let * your girlfriend hang out with her friend * occasionally * . 
  how generous of you to give her permission to do that . 
  how * saintly * . 
  what the fuck . 
  my moving date , out of home and into my new house !, 
  sooooo excited to get my independence back again !, 
  eighteen days and counting . 
  good luck !, 
  there was this [ great ted talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks-_mh1qhmc ) on power poses to give yourself confidence for interviews . 
  very worth a watch !, 
  8 or 9 puts me at my best . 
  i 'm awake but not alert and tend to daydream more when i 've had 6 hours sleep . 
  4 hours means i can chum along quite happily in the morning but i 'm wiped out by 3/4pm . 
  i agree with you . 
  it 's just mean-spirited to talk about how terrible someone elses blog is for no reason . 
  it 's not like it 's a site where they sit and do intricate programming to make it look fashionable . 
  it 's just some teenager 's fan photo feed . 
  it would be really nice if they worked on scarlett 's russian speech too - i do n't know the first thing about the language and even i could tell she mangled her russian scene in avengers . 
  yup !, 
  even hayley atwell is all for it . 
  i thought bernie sanders was running against hilary for the democrat nomination ? 
  i 'm not certain either . 
  i 'm sure i 've read somewhere that he 's fluent in romanian and understands some german . 
  he 's also dating a russian , so if they do any more russian dialogue he 'll have someone there to be pernickety about his pronunciation !, 
  i know , right ? 
  it 's [ margarita leveiva ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1760272/bio?ref_=nm_ql_1 ) who grew up in the ussr until she was 11 , so i can see why they must get along !, 
  oh no , republicans are beyond ukip on most causes except for immigration . 
  ukip is n't calling for making abortion illegal , for one thing . 
  i 'm in the uk . 
  it 's mostly the same headlines as the other europeans who have answered - lots of antagonism about the refugees camping at calais who are trying to get across to us through the channel tunnel . 
  refugees are a huge european issue right now , and italy and greece are bearing the brunt of it , but it still affects us . 
  the other news is about a charity who suddenly shut down after having a 3 million pound government grant questioned , and are blaming the government for closing their doors . 
  there 's no actual information about what happened , so it 's really hard to work out which side i fall on about it . 
  you 're right about migrants , but its a europe-wide political problem , not just a uk one . 
  it 's because it 's hundreds of thousands of people coming into europe from several countries , many of whom are being smuggled by people traffickers or packed onto boats for large sums of money and then pointed at greece or italy . 
  immigration has always been a hot topic issue here , but because of the issues going on in eritrea , syria and other war torn countries , the numbers are getting unmanageable . 
  that 's why you 're hearing more about it . 
  if he was ever going to change , he needs to * want * to change , and by the sound of it , he does n't . 
  you 've sent him articles that he ignores . 
  you 've brought it up to him before and he brushes you off . 
  he 's refused to get counselling or therapy . 
  where in this do you see any signs that he 's going to fix his behaviour ? 
  you cant want it for him , op . 
  he 's an adult . 
  he needs to understand and regulate his own behaviour . 
  in the first place you could just rent out a room through spareroom.co.uk until you find your feet , get a bank account set up and figure out what areas would be best for you to live in . 
  agencies might well require references and credit checks , which will be difficult if you do n't have a credit history or account here . 
  where are you moving from and to ? 
  a love for dogs . 
  i plan on having a house full at some point , so they 'll need to adore puppies as much as i do . 
  my first degree was in theatre production and was completely vocational , so i pretty much walked straight into a theatre job as soon as i 'd finished . 
  slogged out doing lighting stuff all around the uk ( and some cruise ship work ) for about six years and then decided i 'd like some weekends , holidays and actual savings in my bank sometimes and quit . 
  now i 'm thirty , have just finished a whole new ou degree in history and am off to teacher training next month . 
  whatever you choose to do now , you can always change it . 
  if you 've got more love for programming , do programming !, 
  enjoy doing it while you love it , and then when you stop loving it you can always move on to do something else . 
  it 's not unusual for people to switch industries or whole careers now , and there 's lots of ways to retrain or give yourself extra skills that will make you employable in any area . 
  i moved back into history because i have always loved it , ever since it was at primary school .
