  it 's actually quite hard to move between classes . 
  i can go to as many horse trial days as i like and wear barbour jackets until the cows come home , but if i 'm not in the right circles i 'm not moving anywhere . 
  personally i think my family is pretty middle class , maybe edging upper middle . 
  i have a close friend who is * very * much upper class , however , and whenever i 'm around her friends i 'm reminded of exactly how * not * upper class i am . 
  it 's a bit of a hard lesson to learn . 
  i 'm quite honest about things so yes , i probably would . 
  i might sugar coat some things or skip other things out , though . 
  i went on a couple of dates with one guy who was nice but dull , and made an * awful * smacking sound with his lips when he kissed me . 
  that clinched the lack of interest for me , but if he asked i 'd just tell him i did n't feel the spark , which was also true . 
  yes , but unfortunately there a lot of people qualifying to teach secondary english with a pgce . 
  you really are in a competitive market i 'm afraid , and schools do n't always have the money to support an employment visa . 
  try.applying to independent schools too and see where it gets you . 
  technically pimms is gin and it 's the quintessential british summer drink . 
  50ml pimms over ice in a tall glass , load up with fruit ( apple slices , orange , lemon , strawberries , cucumber , mint ) , top up with lemonade , stir and enjoy . 
  heatwave heaven . 
  of course !, 
  i 've been single for a while now , and i * love * buying myself pretty knickers and bras . 
  they make me feel good , and make my clothes look better when i wear them . 
  i should think most women buy lingerie for themselves and not necessarily for their partners . 
  did you expect the response to be that most women buy lingerie just for potential sexytimes and not for every day wear ? 
  my holiday next week !, 
  i have a whole week off to go to london , see the pompeii and herculaneum exhibition at the british museum , meet up with my favourite old uni friends , then go to bristol to see my favourite favourite bff , then go to oxford for a few days to wander round colleges in peace and quiet without any responsibilities whatsoever . 
  heaven . 
  she needs to go into [ clearing ] ( http://www.ucas.com/how-it-all-works/undergraduate/results/if-you-have-no-offers ) to see what other unis might accept her results . 
  a good book . 
  i love getting involved in a really * really * good novel . 
  also , people buying me ben and jerrys ice cream is a rare occurrence but totally guaranteed to make me smile . 
  i 'm english , so , tea . 
  earl grey in particular , although with the hot weather i 've got quite the taste for darjeeling leaf going on . 
  he would n't have been serious - we rarely are when we 're talking about where we 're from and what it 's like . 
  i 'm an essex girl too , though from a more rural part of the county , and if my mum had bothered to go 20 minutes up the a12 i 'd be a suffolk girl and would n't have had any problems . 
  see what i mean ? 
  anyway , essex lads are ` known ' for being lairy , laddish , often drunk , for ` avin a larf and going out on a friday night to shag any bird they can get their hands on . 
  conversely , essex girls are known for being loud , lairy , overly made up , tanned orange , often drunk , frequently wearing mini skirts and white stilettos with their boobs hanging out and going out on a friday night to shag any bloke that wants it . 
  i do n't personally do any of that , but the stereotype is there for a reason . 
  parts of essex are really pretty and rural . 
  parts of essex are practically london ( and the london stereotype is that every londoner is obsessed with being a londoner and that all londoners are oblivious and rude ) . 
  he really was just pulling your leg , but every county has it 's own image to live up to . 
  it sounds like you 're doing everything you * should * be doing - job , education , relationships - but are you doing everything you * want * to be doing ? 
  for me , i 've found the only way i can really be happy is just by following my gut instinct . 
  i indulge in unconventional hobbies that i love , dog showing and adult gymnastics , and work in the jobs that i really want to do , which was backstage theatre work and is now going to be teaching . 
  to feel good about myself , i need to be happy , and to be happy i need to do the things that * i * want . 
  what really makes you tick ? 
  i 'm assuming he was the same nationality as you , though ? 
  over here we do n't xerox something , we photocopy it . 
  i tend to like the more aesthetic sports - i love watching gymnastics , and i 've just been watching diving and synchronised swimming from the fina worlds in barcelona on youtube . 
  equestrian events are also great viewing , especially cross country . 
  i 'm honestly really terrible for the silent fade out exit . 
  i 've done it a bunch of times and had it done to me . 
  if i do get in contact though , or the guy gets in contact with me , then i 'll just say something like `` i had a really nice night but i just did n't feel any chemistry . 
  it was lovely to meet you ! '', 
  terrible for it as in i 've done it a lot to various dates . 
  i 've done it before only because it was bad timing that i went on a date with someone else first , turned my attention to how that was going and then felt embarrassed to re-message guy1 when the dates with guy2 fizzled out . 
  so , timing really . 
  you might want to google earth some of our country roads - they 're not built for big trucks !, 
  you 'll be far better off leaving it behind , quite honestly . 
  i 've visited 13 states so far in the us and have taken holidays over there since i was four or five years old , so yeah i know vermont and new england . 
  it makes me think about pumpkin pie , hallowe'en , autumn , pretty landscapes and apple pie . 
  most of the stereotypes i 'm familiar with about the us are the usual ones i guess you hear - you 're all big and loud but friendly , your customer service is ridiculously cheerful , portions are massive , you sue everyone at the drop of a hat and everything is big . 
  personally , i like americans - i think you 're a good bunch of people . 
  i love my holidays over there . 
  we do hear about a lot of american news , and we do get a lot of your particularly big news like natural disasters or your elections . 
  i 'm the same as / u/whistling _ unicorn though in that i would never ever move to the states . 
  at least not until a few things change . 
  your lack of healthcare and crazy mass abundance of guns terrifies me . 
  and the sueing thing . 
  and the over-religiousness . 
  and no , i do n't really care what the us gets up to . 
  not as much as you probably think we do , anyway . 
  do n't use ` quid ' in a plural form . 
  it does n't work . 
  it 's only singular . 
  if you want to explore a bit further , head on up to scotland and make a visit to edinburgh . 
  it 's a stunning city . 
  are you hiring a car at all or using public transport everywhere ? 
  well , we do n't really have pound notes for one thing ( although you do come across them in scotland ) , but it 's just a quirk of english that you ca n't pluralise quid in the way that you did . 
  you can spread your pounds around , but you ca n't spread your quids around . 
  it just does n't really work . 
  i 'm sure someone will be along with a more technical explanation of linguistics and british vernacular at some point . 
  what do you mean you ca n't legally hire a car ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're over 18 ? 
  loads of americans hire . 
  there are automatics available if you ca n't handle manual drive . 
  our roads are a bit strange but they 're not too difficult to get the hang of . 
  have you looked at the [ open university ] ( http://www.open.ac.uk ) ? 
  i 'm studying for a second degree in history with them now ( i 'm 28 ) and they 're fantastically supportive . 
  there 's also no entry requirements . 
  it would mean that you 're working from home of course , but there are plenty of evening tutorials , day schools and online forums to talk to other students . 
  i 'd say definitely have a look at them . 
  it sounds like a cakey version of eton mess , except that uses crushed meringue in place of your cake . 
  black forest gateau and slightly warmed chocolate fudge brownie with vanilla ice cream are both my faaaavourites . 
  well , sort of - you say `` i have sheep '' or `` i have fish '' , but you would n't say either `` i have quid '' or `` i have quids '' . 
  i agree you can quantify it with a number `` i have 40 quid '' , but you would n't use it on its own . 
  wear it all the time except in bed . 
  the removing of the bra feeling is the * best * one at the end of the day . 
  i have a pair of gs , so there 's no free hanging time for me , except for maybe when i 'm just sitting around in my pjs after a very long day . 
  even if i do n't leave the house all day i 'm fully dressed including a bra . 
  exploring history medieval to modern 1400 - 1900, 
  exploring the classical world ( ancient greece and rome , basically ), 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's none of your business if she 's sleeping with anyone .
