  it 's a mistake made when you were emotional and upset . 
  go to the hospital . 
  you 'll be okay . 
  thats incredibly bizarre . 
  you 've never met any of his friends ? 
  ever ? 
  what about at your wedding ? 
  this may sound like an odd question , but are you sure that they know you exist ? 
  i would take charge and arrange your own dinner party . 
  * tell * him , do n't ask him , that you 're doing this , invite them all on facebook and make the arrangements yourself . 
  let them decide whether they want to leave whatever friend out or not , not him . 
  if he starts kicking off about that then i would * really * be querying what is going on , because this is n't normal . 
  how can they dislike you if they 've never met you ? 
  they 've never even had a chance to decide !, 
  this is * not your fault * . 
  this is about your husband deliberately distancing you from his friends , which is incredibly selfish of him . 
  you are married . 
  you have a child . 
  you should be involved in his life and in his social time , especially when he prioritises it over things like your first mothers day with a baby . 
  what about his family ? 
  do you get along with them ? 
  i normally research the company 's aims and areas of expertise , so do they do car insurance or buildings insurance ? 
  have they expanded recently or won any awards ? 
  are they a new company or have they been established for 20 + years ? 
  things like that . 
  they 're not going to expect you to know more than what 's on their website , so google them first . 
  i normally make notes on what they have on their front page , in the ` about us ' and any interesting items that they might have on a news page . 
  oh , definitely . 
  it 's rude not to at least offer a cup , and i 'll normally ask while they 're taking coats and shoes off . 
  guests normally get ` ordinary ' tea like tetleys or yorkshire tea , and if we have biscuits kicking around i might offer , but it 's not compulsory . 
  oh yes , for the big things . 
  house blows up , grandma dies , banks collapse , bombs explode , stiff upper lip . 
  for everything else , we just like to have a good moan . 
  you do n't know that and she does n't know that . 
  they were n't using birth control and she says there were plenty of slip-ups . 
  it was unusually heavy bleeding and her period was n't due . 
  an early miscarriage is a perfectly logical conclusion to jump to . 
  i love love love the tudors ( 1485 - 1603 ) and the georgian periods ( 1714 - 1830 ) in our history - the tudors because there was just so much rivalry and backstabbing going on in court politics , which is fascinating . 
  i love the georgians more for the social history , like their fashion , newspapers , and food . 
  the georgians ( for me ) is when you really start to see mockery of the ruling classes in printed media , and georgian political cartoons ( like [ this one ] ( http://www.bl.uk/learning/images/georgian/satire1-wl.jpg ) ) are a thing of joy . 
  i 'm less interested in really early history like the prehistoric period , or periods like the normans or saxons . 
  the norman invasion * is * interesting , but i 'm just drawn to things after the wars of the roses , with a big exception made for the romans . 
  we 're very very alike , which means most of the time we get along famously ( she was teaching me how to pot plants in the garden this afternoon ) , but it does also mean that we can wind each other up something * chronic * . 
  i 'm also much more laid back than mum is , which drives her up the wall , and gets on my nerves when she 's pestering me about something i 'm just not that fussed about . 
  for the most part though , we 're very close and i love her to bits . 
  we both always make an effort to spend time together doing something like having coffee , walking the dog or going out to equestrian events . 
  i was about to recommend fraction 's hawkeye !, 
  issue 19 is just brilliant in particular , as it 's all done in american sign language . 
  his hawkeye is the best hawkeye for me . 
  i 'm also rather in love with mark waid 's daredevil run ( 2011-2014 i think ) , which i started reading after watching the netflix series . 
  he 's got a really human , flawed matt murdock and i love the art . 
  loki : agent of asgard is really fun so far , too . 
  so good . 
  i loved that for some episodes i had more sympathy for fisk than i did for matt !, 
  i mean , how often do you get that kind of villain that you actually genuinely root for ? 
  the sound editing was just incredible , too . 
  i associate caravan living with travellers , which i 'm just not interested in at all . 
  i 'd date someone who lives on a houseboat , but not in a caravan . 
  i love travel !, 
  i used to work on a cruise ship , and getting paid for travelling the world was just the best thing ever . 
  it was hard work , but very worth it . 
  the last trip i did was a little four day solo trip to copenhagen in february , which was brilliant fun . 
  i have a couple of hundred quid squirrellled away that i 'd love to use to nip over to rome for a week , or maybe spain or the south of france . 
  i really have n't seen enough of the continent . 
  i also have a friend moving out to san diego at the end of the month , so fingers crossed i can save up for a cheap holiday to go out and see her sometime soon . 
  academics . 
  my final essay ( due on the 28th ) is worth 50 % of my final mark , and it heavily influences my degree classification as it 's a third year module . 
  if i get 75 or over , it 'll mean i get a 1st overall , and a 1st means i get a # 9,000 teacher training bursary for next year . 
  under 75 means i 'll come out with a 2:1 which nets me a # 4,000 bursary . 
  i 'm also doing one other module , but that 's examined rather than an essay , and i really do n't think i can get over 75 on an exam . 
  ugh , stress !, 
  there really is n't one belief or one body of feminism , i suppose in the same way that there is n't one single definition of christianity . 
  in the end , feminism is just all about wanting equality with men on every level but that breaks down in very different ways for different people . 
  edit : if you 're looking to find out more , i guess i 'd just really suggest looking for more women-led media . 
  read articles written by women , listen to podcasts made by women ( i love women 's hour on bbc radio 4 , as it 's broadcast every day and covers all kinds of subjects , and the women of marvel podcast ) and look up some good women comedians like sarah millican . 
  just expand yourself a little more and try and notice all of the different points of view that are going around . 
  you do n't have to agree with everything , but be aware of what 's being said . 
  op , your subject line is ` my boyfriend is ** trying to convince me that i 'm cheating ** . ', 
  you * know * you did n't do this . 
  you * know * he planted the evidence . 
  you * know * the timeline does n't add up . 
  he has ` decided ' to forgive you for something you never did , and now he 's holding it against you in order to keep control over you . 
  this is * not healthy * . 
  listen to your gut , op . 
  you sound like a sensible girl . 
  you 've already written out the answer to the question that you 're asking us . 
  you just do n't want to believe that that could be the answer . 
  we 're here to reassure you that it * is * the answer , and we all support you . 
  you 're not crazy , and you need to leave . 
  he 's already told you twice , when he 's sober , that you do n't owe him anything . 
  take his word for it !, 
  changed , sorry . 
  for just a week ? 
  call your provider and see if they do a roaming plan , or just try and use the wifi where you can . 
  i honestly think it would be more expensive to get a whole new contract plan than either altering the way you use your phone , or switching it off and enjoying your holiday . 
  you need to ask / r/relationships this stuff , not us . 
  we 're not psychic . 
  because pillows are squashy . 
  obviously . 
  transmet !,
