  rdj is lusshhh . 
  joseph gordon levitt . 
  obviously . 
  that man is unf . 
  he 's lovely !, 
  he was directing a comedian who was performing in a venue i was doing tech for , so i got to meet him a couple of times and have a chat . 
  very nice bloke . 
  so happy to see ben whishaw on this list !, 
  he is so cute and adorable and lovely . 
  have you seen the hollow crown ? 
  mmmmmmmmm he is yummy . 
  i love him in north and south . 
  dem period pieces ... 
  omg i just googled him to remind myself how good-looking he is . 
  i was not disappointed . 
  * always * david tennant . 
  gymnastics , reading , dog shows , occasional cake baking . 
  good for you !, 
  do you know what you 're making yet ? 
  we have an 11 month old english setter who we show at open and championship shows , and we 're trying to get him qualified for the next crufts . 
  ( : he 's not quite out of puppy yet , so he 's got some growing to do , but he 's already got some firsts under his belt , which is nice !, 
  what breeds have your family shown ? 
  he 's not the first dog my family have shown , but he is the first dog that * i 've * shown , so i 'm definitely on the learning curve !, 
  corgis are such lovely little dogs !, 
  they 're just full of character are n't they ? 
  i 'd love to come over and compare the us show scene with the uk show scene some day !, 
  do you have to qualify for westminster the same way as you have to qualify for crufts ? 
  ( i.e. 
  ; first , second or third at a champ show ) . 
  nope . 
  why on earth would i ? 
  they do n't have to be adonis incarnate , but i have to at least fancy them . 
  love : ma boobies , eyes , hair . 
  boobs rock pretty much everything except button up shirts and i * always * get compliments on my eyes from both genders . 
  my hair 's pretty generous too ; i 've done loads of shit to it and it still stays lovely thick and soft . 
  hate : my skin . 
  i 'm on medication for it now which helps loads , but i 've always had spots since i hit puberty . 
  so freaking annoying . 
  i was kicking a loudspeaker when i was two and a half , and it fell on my right hand , chopping off the top of my ring finger . 
  they sewed it back on and it works fine , but it 's noticeably squashed and disfigured . 
  not that anyone ever notices the top of one finger , of course . 
  try / r/dating _ advice for this . 
  they 're very good about confused newcomers to dating and should be able to give you some good tips . 
  nope . 
  i personally dislike fb chat on a lot of levels and normally stay invisible to avoid using it . 
  i never message anyone just to chat . 
  i have far more dislike for men who deliberately go and get ` tough ' dogs like staffordshire bull terriers or pitbulls or rottweilers to make themselves look like ` manly men ' than a man who owns a little dog like a chihuahua . 
  i 'd probably like the chihuahua guy much more , because it shows he likes the breed , not the status . 
  my face , mostly because acne turned up one day when i turned 13 and * never went away * . 
  so even though i 'm on the pill now that makes it a hundred times better , i 'm still mildly paranoid about making my skin look acceptable . 
  amazingly enough , people who are n't in university or college do still go on dates , you know . 
  it 's not an impossible feat . 
  the best tip i really have is to put your hobbies into a public domain and then to strike up conversations . 
  i loved watching gymnastics , for example , so i joined a weekly adult gymnastics club and have met plenty of guys to flirt with . 
  if you like reading , have a look for local book clubs . 
  if you like walking , see if there 's a walking or hiking club nearby . 
  things like that . 
  like attracts like , after all . 
  my main source of dates do come from online dating , i have to admit - i 've had the best luck with okcupid in particular . 
  there 's even a subreddit for it ( / r/okcupid ) and they 'll give critiques on profiles to help you get more messages and dates out of it . 
  give them a go . 
  because i know what looks good on me . 
  i 'm working out more lately and have big boobs ; ergo , i wear tight tops with low scoop necks because it shows off my figure well . 
  it makes ** me ** feel good . 
  personally i do n't draw any line at how clothes show off my boobs ( i 've happily gone to parties wearing just a bikini and a sarong before ) , but i feel more comfortable in skinny jeans or dresses that end a bit above my knees . 
  if i wear skimpy clothing i expect attention , but so what ? 
  it 's like birds who show off their plumage to get a mate . 
  that 's all . 
  if a guy takes my clothes as a sign that i want sex * that night * then that 's his problem , not mine . 
  it was in belgium , of all places . 
  ( i 'm english ) . 
  i 'd gone on a scout band camp trip for a week to belgium , i was either 12 or 13 , and i woke up to a bunk bed full of blood halfway through the trip . 
  i absolutely freaked out and stuffed some tissue into my knickers for a couple of days until i caved in and told a lady counsellor who was very nice about it all and gave me some pads until i got home . 
  not fun !, 
  i 'd wonder why i 'm being dragged outside to run around in the rain , quite honestly . 
  i hate being outside in the rain unless i 'm walking the dog , and even then that 's a push . 
  also , do you really see setting up a tent when the two of you are wet , tired and muddy is really going to go well ? 
  and then dismantling it again ? 
  hint : it 's not . 
   about your reference to animal mating , would you consider changing your way of dressing when/if in a relationship ? 
  ahahaha no , of course not !, 
  my above statement that i dress to make me feel good stands whether i 'm in a relationship or not . 
  again , if the guy has a problem with it then that 's his problem , not mine . 
   do you feel that women have an advantage in terms of the `` tools '' they have to attract men ? 
  mmmm i do n't think so . 
  do gay guys have an advantage in the tools they have to attract other gay guys ? 
  sure , we have more wobbly bits to jiggle , but i * love * going to the park in the summer and seeing men running around with their shirts off and perfect abs on show . 
  loved iron man 3 . 
  like really , really loved it . 
  rdj just * is * tony stark , and it had a brilliant plot twist halfway through that made me laugh so much . 
  and cheating a bit maybe , but i rewatched fellowship of the ring the other night and remembered all over again how much i adore those films . 
  i 'm a typical brit , i guess - went to a church of england primary school and then sunday school for a couple of years mostly for school admissions sake , learned the lords prayer off by heart , raised by parents who pretty much did lip service to anything religious . 
  i never thought my dad was at all , but i knew my mum was confirmed and thought she was at least vaguely christian up until a couple of years ago when i figured out she was agnostic , if not atheist . 
  we still do christmas midnight mass occasionally though . 
  flirted with wicca and paganism sometime in my teens - i even had a ` coming out ' to my mum about being wiccan but she just laughed at me , which was a bit disappointing . 
  generally went agnostic/deist up until three or four years ago when i finally wanted to make a decision on what i actually believed and read dawkins ' god delusion to see the atheist argument . 
  it fixed everything in my mind and answered all my questions , and i 've been pretty solidly atheist ever since . 
  seven days , is n't it ? 
  i 've had three dates recently with a guy i really like , but i 'm still going to give it a few more weeks before i try for that talk . 
  i would n't ` expect ' exclusivity until we knew what we wanted from each other .
