  she 's got no reason to call you . 
  * i * would n't call you . 
  frankly i would delete your text and quietly hope that you get the hint and go away . 
  there must be * something * that you enjoy that 's not cooking , cleaning or working , surely ? 
  that sounds like rather a dull life . 
  what do you like to do on holiday or over the weekends ? 
  everyone needs a little bit of downtime in their lives . 
  hobbies do n't all have to be about busy activities , they can be a lot of quieter things as well . 
  do you like to read ? 
  visit museums or art galleries ? 
  do you experiment with new recipes when you cook , or like to try new types of cuisine at all ? 
  you can put on your profile the type of films you like to watch , or music that you like to listen to . 
  meeting someone is all about connecting through common interests , but that connection is going to be difficult if you do n't have anything to connect * with * . 
  honestly op , i 'm struggling to think of ways to help you with this . 
  there must be * something * you enjoy that is n't just work . 
  do you have any pets ? 
  have you ever travelled ? 
  do you have any art on your walls or interesting books on your shelves that you can talk about ? 
  i know this life suits you right now , but you ca n't work seven days a week and do nothing else . 
  i mean , i suppose you * can * , but that sounds incredibly dull to me . 
  do you ever even take holiday time off from work ? 
  okay , you 've travelled somewhere at least . 
  that 's a start !, 
  do you remember where you went with your family and whether you liked it or not ? 
  or did your parents put you in any after-school classes as a child that you enjoyed ? 
  maybe you can build on that if you learned an instrument or did a sport or something ? 
  i do n't think that 's the case at all - you clearly get along with people and can look after yourself which is a pretty basic staple for relationships and you obviously want to connect with someone . 
  it 's just , without any apparent hobbies or interests for you to build on , it 's going to be a thousand times harder for you to make that connection . 
  maybe this is really more about you learning to push yourself outside of your comfort zone . 
  if you want kids , they 're absolutely going to be wrecking your nice quiet , clean , comfortable home life and disrupting your schedule . 
  so maybe you can start now ? 
  i know you do n't really want to try new hobbies , but that 's honestly the only thing i can think of that 's going to bring some colour and connections with people into your life . 
  it could be as simple as maybe taking a cooking class , or seeing if there are any museum lectures going on nearby , or looking at taking a distance learning course to increase your skills at work . 
  i just really think you have to do * something * , even if you do n't want to right now , to get the long term things you 're after . 
  do n't think about adding hobbies as ` changing yourself to attract a man ' . 
  you ca n't spend the rest of your life just working , cooking and cleaning like a sim character . 
  everyone needs connections with other people to support themselves , and you get those through bonding over interests and opinions . 
  what will you do when you retire if you have n't got anything to keep yourself interested ? 
  everyone needs colour and passion in their lives , and i think the responses you 're getting here show just how unusual we think it is that you do n't have anything besides work to occupy your time . 
  the world has got * so much * to offer op - it seems like such a shame that you 're deliberately closing yourself off to a lot of it . 
  you just explore !, 
  that 's the whole point of travelling . 
  pick a big city that 's close to you and take a few days to go and visit it . 
  have a look around the museums , learn something about the place you 're in , or try some of the local food . 
  go to one of their theatres and see a show or to an art gallery , or wander around their shops and buy yourself some nice new clothes . 
  or just pick a comfortable cafe , sit in the window and people watch . 
  it 's just all about opening yourself up to new experiences that are n't your usual home or office place . 
  you can have the most interesting , exciting job in the world and still need time off to relax . 
  everyone needs a holiday at some point - that 's why there are weekends , for people to indulge in some leisure time . 
  op says she works seven days a week apart from a couple of days at christmas . 
  i 'm just saying that you can not do that indefinitely . 
  at some point , you need a holiday . 
  everyone does , even trauma surgeons and roving journalists . 
  it 's just the way that we 're built . 
  not in manageable doses it is n't , but everyone needs a break , no matter how fascinating , stimulating or exciting your career is . 
  op never has any time off , or areas for diversion to let herself relax . 
  that 's why i 'm saying she sounds boring . 
  i would say that to a neuro surgeon or rocket scientist too if they worked every single day of the year and did n't do anything else for fun . 
  really ? 
  my corner of tumblr absolutely * loved * agent carter and raves endlessly about it . 
  i did see the whole diversity argument going on briefly , but for the most part everyone seems to have loved the series . 
  there was a green party candidate sat outside my polling station with his two dogs this morning - i 'm sure no one was interested in him , but everyone loved his labrador !, 
  there was a couple of smartly-dressed ukip guys hanging around too , but i could n't see them chatting to anyone in particular . 
  not really . 
  i 'm in the uk and if anyone asks for coffee they just get it made with instant coffee granules ( unless they 're over for a fancy-pants dinner party in which case my dad gets the cafetiere out ) . 
  coffee generally means nescafe . 
  that i 'm so close to being done with the second of my two assignments due in today . 
  i 'm also thankful that my tutor is incredibly crap at picking up or marking assignments , and if i submit it after midnight it * probably * wo n't matter . 
  ^ fingers ^ crossed, 
  just woken up and put the news on and i 'm slightly horrified . 
  i really did n't think it would swing that much to the torys . 
  i 'm not surprised though , to be honest . 
  scotland 's gone snp , the libdems have been totally eviscerated and the tories hoovered up the votes . 
  the next nearest constituency to me has been libdem for over twenty years , but went blue this time around . 
  ironically enough , i have one friend who works for a tory mp and she lost her seat !, 
  that must be a bit of a blow . 
  i plan to re-read the whole harry potter series , and my mum is also pestering me to read * poldark * since we watched the new bbc series . 
  my most anticipated read has to be robin hobb 's * fools quest * which is coming out mid-august . 
  i can not * wait * to get my hands on it - she 's always so amazing at breaking my heart . 
  i 'm honestly amazed that they got a majority when everyone was so convinced it was going to be a hung parliament . 
  talk about a silent majority . 
  not exactly impressed , but also not exactly surprised . 
  the only real benefit i can think of is that i 'm starting teacher training this september , and i would like to end up teaching in a grammar school or independent school , both of which the tories favour . 
  could not be more english . 
  we 've gone back as far as the 1600s ( so far , i 'm sure my uncle has researched further ) and for about two hundred years one branch of my family did n't leave the same two essex villages . 
  i 've got a bit of geordie on my mum 's side , but otherwise i 'm as english and as essex as they come . 
  you 've only been together two weeks . 
  break it off now while its still early and you 've got less attachment , because if you stay together she 's going to feel pressured and you 're going to feel frustrated . 
  you ca n't guilt trip her into changing her mind on a choice as serious and as meaningful to her as this one is . 
  the career change chapter . 
   i 'm almost at the end of my second degree and start teacher training in a new city from september . 
  very excited to move on to something new . 
  okay , calm down . 
  you panicked and that was all . 
  you 're not psychotic , you were drunk and upset and understandably so !, 
  i also do n't think it was a terrible thing that you stayed out with your friends , though if you are bleeding this heavily and it 's come back , i do think you should take yourself to a hospital instead of waiting until monday . 
  tell your boyfriend you panicked and had n't taken a test , but your gut tells you its a pregnancy . 
  if you 're not on birth control and it 's not lining up with your period , that 's the conclusion i would jump to as well . 
  show him this post or just tell him what happened . 
  it 's not a terrible , life - defining psychotic lie .
