  when it came to it , she was badass and saved the whole world . 
  martha 's awesome . 
  you can always change your degree or go back for education , and doing a degree in one area ( i.e. 
  business ) does n't guarantee that you 're going to go into business or even * like * business anyway . 
  i got my degree in technical theatre and trained as a freelance lighting technician and stage manager . 
  three brilliant years of my life , plus four years freelancing having some amazing , creative adventures all over the world . 
  now i 'm retraining with a new degree in my true love history to go and be a teacher . 
  my mum achieved a masters in marketing , and then at age 50 turned around and retrained as a social worker . 
  i do n't think people should let go of what they truly want to do for three years for the sake of ` something useful ' . 
   many of my fellow graduates in creative fields are not doing terribly . 
  most of my friends who stuck with technical theatre work are in pretty high demand and working for the bbc or royal shakespeare company or something . 
  if you 're good at your field , the work is out there . 
  i do n't i 'm afraid as i 'm english , but there were plenty of indian staff onboard my ship . 
  i 'd say look to apply for the specific lines themselves ; royal caribbean , princess , p&o , celebrity , regent , silverseas . 
  the smaller lines go to more remote locations - i got to see jordan , kenya , russia and the ukraine for example , but the bigger ships have the better facilities and technology . 
  i went onboard as a member of the entertainment department , most other positions are hotel-related . 
  pretty good !, 
  i know i 'm a cool girl , i have a few setbacks every so often and i 'm no halle berry for looks , but in general there 's not much that gets me down . 
  he 's just so * cool * - totally the bad boy thing , plus the bits of french/cajun accent always makes me swoon . 
  i have a bit of a thing for hot french men , and gambit with the card tricks and thief-assassin persona makes me all wibbly at the knees . 
  i also love rdj 's iron man . 
  again , just so cool and devil-may-care . 
  i have an extra-special ` my little pony ' necklace that 's * just * to be worn during inconvenient single periods when suitors are n't dropping their favours at my door or jousting for my attention . 
  it has hearts on and everything . 
   i think lots of those `` things '' are still around . 
  like peeing into a pot overnight and throwing it out the window ? 
  or wearing bonnets ? 
  or burning people on pyres because they have a wart in the wrong place ? 
  seriously . 
  we are ** modern women ** . 
  when i 'm single i join a dating site . 
  i do n't stick a posy in my hair . 
  my mum is amazing . 
  we set aside days just to spend time with each other and go do things like watching equestrian trials or go shopping or just go and have coffee together . 
  she drives me up the wall a lot of the time but i love her to bits . 
  not particularly . 
  i like americans well enough , and love talking to americans whenever i meet a tourist over here but we see * so much * american media and it 's so common for brits to take holidays to the states that there 's really nothing very new or fascinating about you . 
  frenchmen , irishmen and kiwis on the other hand ... 
   personally i think a stronger and more visible `` i 'm available to be courted '' , would make a lot of questions on this thread moot . 
  but i do n't * want * to be ` courted ' . 
  most women on this sub do n't want to be ` courted ' . 
  i do n't just stand around like a pretty doll waiting for mr darcy to show up , and i do n't expect them to ask for my dad 's permission for anything either . 
  i ask men out * all the time * because i fancy them and like flirting with them . 
  if we could stop pretending that this is the 1800 's and that women need to put out ` courting signals ' ( by the way , ugh ) then that would render this thread moot , too . 
  also , i 'm british . 
  my culture is hardly the opposite spectrum of dating to americans . 
  irritating drivers . 
  i can be in the best mood ever when i leave the house , but if i get stuck behind some * idiot * doing 40mph on the single 60mph road that links my house to the office , i will not be a happy bunny . 
  forgetting to bring my glasses with me to work . 
  i just know i 'll have a headache by 11am and it wo n't leave until i get to go to bed . 
  also people standing too close to me in the queue for the tills at lunch time . 
  * especially * when you try to move forward a bit for some breathing space and then they * follow * you . 
  what , are you marking your fucking lunch territory or something ? 
  give me some space !, 
  film scores and cheesy pop . 
  i have 1260 songs on my 8gb ipod . 
  650 of those are under the category ` soundtrack ' . 
  on most days my drive in to work could include travel to middle earth , gotham , ancient rome , the napoleonic wars , meryton , asgard and the uss enterprise . 
  i mean , seriously , [ how cool is the avengers assemble theme ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/y7hoa3xeayy ) superhero cool . 
  or the supremely beautiful [ misty mountains cold ] ( http://youtu.be/nrube2rtq74 ) from the hobbit . 
  same . 
  i was a bit taken aback when i found out uncircumcised * is n't * the norm over there . 
  i * think * we normally use sex or sleep with/slept with . 
  confident , english , casual , proper , tall . 
  yup . 
  i trained at university to go into technical theatre work doing lighting and stage management work . 
  i did pretty well at it for four years afterwards and got to do amazing things like work on a cruise ship , do the edinburgh fringe festival several times , and work with some amazing casts and people . 
  i was networking well and had most of my year filled with work back to back . 
  in the end though , i decided i was just tired of the unsociable hours , unpredictable work and requirements for a shitload of manual labour . 
  so i quit , came home , tried out pr instead ( did well but did n't like it ) went into sales for the family business and am now retraining to be a history teacher , which also includes going back to university for a whole new degree and starting over . 
  i do n't regret it - really , the study period is small fry compared to the years i 'm hoping to get out of teaching and i 'm much happier for it . 
  if you want to do something more with your life , do it !, 
  life is much too short to just be stuck doing the sensible unfulfilling option just because the money is good . 
  do what you want to do , not what you think you should do . 
  he 's perfectly cute [ without the hat ] ( http://api.ning.com/files/lmigwfmzhfhxztfv9lfgiluq5jceyamyv-qymtfkihtjlw*gwocimg4omlirvo-m31x7uyro34ncozdzjuglo74seubhqds6/neyocloservideoshoot3.jpg ) . 
  actually , looking at the google image results , he 's a bit hat obsessed anyway . 
  i normally pay whilst still sat in the cab . 
  it 's just easier to get the money out of my purse with my bag on my lap then get my stuff together , get out , scrabble round for some money and then pay . 
  oh you * have * to read tawny man , especially before fool 's assassin comes out . 
  tawny man will pull your heart to little tiny scrappy bits and throw it everywhere , but my god is it worth it . 
  baseball is n't really a thing in my country , so ... no . 
  not particularly . 
  funny story - i used to work on a cruise ship and we had an overnight in key west once . 
  a group of us all went out to a bar to get wasted , and saw it had a sign to go upstairs to the rooftop garden bar . 
  sweet , drinking on a rooftop sounds cool to me . 
  bit puzzled as to why there were all these signs insisting ` no photography ' at the door , though . 
  and then five minutes later when a lanky , nude forty-odd year old dude wandered over and started doing the helicopter in front of us , it all made sense . 
  first flat : no , because he was gay and scared of boobs . 
  still is , i think . 
  second flat : no , because i did n't fancy any of them . 
  third flat : no , because i * still * did n't fancy any of them . 
  i have too much material to study , and i just want to ignore it all and read discworld and the new brandon sanderson novel instead . 
  [ sarah millican ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyuo9zh3fre ) is excellent , but she does have a geordie accent , so you might have to adjust your ears a bit !, 
  i get bored of texting really quickly . 
  even with my best friends i 'll send mayyyybbeeee three replies at most before putting my phone down , leaving it alone and forgetting to reply . 
  i prefer talking on the phone or talking on a date more than endless texts back and forth . 
  i fall into all those categories , but especially the last one . 
  i 've been single for a while and right now i am so goddamn busy i just can not make the time for dating or for giving someone new the time they will need . 
  if i do n't have time in my week to read a book for fun or watch a film , i do n't have time for a boyfriend .
