  i lived there for four years for uni and would move back tomorrow if i could . 
  most people i know feel that way - edinburgh 's just got something about it that sucks you in . 
  i do n't know a great amount about edinburgh university specifically as my uni was queen margarets , but my friends who went there were all very happy with the quality of teaching . 
  edinburgh has a * lot * of great pubs and restaurants , and if you like fresh food there 's a farmers market every weekend . 
  the tap water is also very tasty !, 
  ( what an odd requirement ) your city accomodation is going to be one of the best out of all of your uni lists - our student flat for second and third year was in the new town , so was a georgian building with * enormous * rooms , high corniced ceilings and a front door with pillars either side . 
  just use google maps to look around the new town and you 'll see what i mean . 
  old town flats are smaller , but very cosy and all of them generally have good living space , so i think you 'd be happy there with the quality of life . 
  it has history in spades , and if you like art and culture , then you 've got the edinburgh fringe festival , the biggest arts festival in the world , the scottish national gallery smack bang on princes street , and a massive medieval castle looming over everything . 
  if you can , i would really really advise booking yourself a week to fly over here , go and see edinburgh , bristol and wherever else you like and make choices about the cities and universities in person . 
  scotland is absolutely worth considering , so do n't dismiss it so quickly . 
  lived in edinburgh for four years . 
  they 're fine - they do n't make any difference to me for hotness , but i always liked seeing guys wearing them , as the guys always seemed so happy to be in them . 
  you never really saw a man who was awkward about wearing a kilt , and i think the fun they had really comes through . 
  wow , gay men must be the most romantic people on the * planet * by that assertion . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  total rubbish . 
  our microwave is definitely secondary to our hob and oven . 
  your friend must have been in some odd homes . 
  i 'd laugh . 
  no one is ever bluntly , factually completely honest about themselves . 
  * ever * . 
  people lie . 
  it 's just what we do . 
  it 's a natural instinct to want to present the best side of yourself to the world , and things like makeup and spanx is a part of that . 
  you do n't go up to someone and say `` hey !, 
  nice to meet you !, 
  i pick my nose and i 'm five pounds over where i really would like to be with my weight . 
  how about you ? '', 
  also , i do n't care if you think ` all women are adorable just in pyjamas/my shirt/no makeup . '', 
  for one or two mornings , sure , it 's cute . 
  but how about the same lady spending all day every single day in an oversized shirt or pyjamas with no makeup ? 
  it would get pretty old , pretty fast if everyone spent their whole lives slobbing around the place . 
  uh , yeah . 
  i 'm in the uk and they only just showed episode 8 . 
  avoiding spoilers for aos whilst also being in the same spaces that discusses the mcu is a sodding nightmare . 
  the right answer to her request for petrol should have been `` sure , no problem '' , because she is doing you a * favour * . 
  if you had done that , you would still have had a ) a girlfriend and b ) a lift home . 
  you are being cheap , op , and blaming it on her ovulation cycle is an incredibly bratty thing to do . 
  grow up , go apologise , offer some petrol money and see if she 's still inclined to be nice to your stupid ass . 
  i want a lot of things in life , but just wanting them does n't mean that i 'm going to get them , or i 'll even be a good fit when i * do * get them . 
  i really really wanted to work in pr once and thought i 'd be amazing at it . 
  i got a chance to try it , and it turns out i hated it . 
  relationships can be the same - i 'd love to be in one now , but i 've got no time spare to focus on a new guy , so i would n't be a good fit for someone . 
  there are lots of reasons for relationships not to work out . 
  i 've been lazy about what i eat over the last year , so i 'm trying to lose what i 've put on . 
  i 'm 5 ' 8 '' and something like 11\u00a01/2 stone . 
  i like how i look , but i fully admit i could look better . 
  just because she has n't asked other friends for money before does n't mean that she is never entitled to ask . 
  it 's her car , and you are asking for the favour here . 
  there is nothing to ` call her out ' on . 
  she 's done nothing wrong !, 
  it 's a long trip , petrol can be expensive , she 's clearly low on funds , you have a job and she does n't . 
  bear in mind op , she also does n't * have * to give you a ride . 
  she could quite easily have said `` no , sorry , get the train/bus/plane '' , which would be five times more expensive for you than paying a bit of petrol money . 
  go browse / r/iwantout . 
  they get this question asked loads , and they 'll be better suited to give you advice on moving businesses . 
  what country are you from ? 
  well done !, 
  it 's such a good feeling , is n't it ? 
  i do n't get along well with know-it-alls whether they 're male or female . 
  hermione granger and i would not be friends , i 'm afraid . 
  i do tend to get along well with geeky , artsy people . 
  i went to drama school for uni , and my best friends are the ones i play board games and discuss marvel movies with . 
  i 'm pretty bluntly honest in most scenarios anyway and have a bad case of foot in mouth syndrome . 
  being angry just makes me angry . 
  naive , inexperienced and cautious is n't exactly a thrilling combination , especially as i 'm more the type to jump feet first into anything , but if that person was willing to expand their horizons , sure . 
  it would be fine . 
  we have a blanket for the living room sofa that 's velvet on one side and a lovely woolly fleece on the other . 
  it 's the cosiest thing ever to curl up under , and i can sit there and stroke it for ages . 
  i fully admit i had a gap of a week between w5d3 and this one , so i 'm sure your run will be better than mine !, 
  / r/iwantout will probably know more , but if you run your own business you could potentially look into the daft - dutch american friendship treaty , which encourages american businesses to operate in the netherlands . 
  it wo n't get you to leeds , but it will certainly bring you closer than just staying in the states . 
   ps : is n't running at night the best ? 
  it is , i love it !, 
  i actually much prefer it to running during the day , is n't that funny ? 
  do n't push yourself so hard that you break before your 5k !, 
  give your body time to rest , too . 
  regarding the university , while you 're still there * use the resources * to make industry contacts and get yourself into internships for jobs . 
  most of the time now employers do n't look at the name of your degree , they just want to know that you have one and that you 've got employment experience . 
  unis are all about independent study , not about hand holding your way into a relevant job . 
  talk to your tutor or head of department or whatever , but network those contacts as much as you can while you can . 
  it really will help . 
  one or two ? 
  it 's still not quite shoulder length , so i only stick it up in a clip or ponytail if it needs a wash and i want it out of the way . 
  not particularly , no . 
  i like it when someone says `` oh , i love you in that dress '' or `` that colour looks great on you '' , but `` wear that top '' is n't going to endear me to you in any way . 
  i had the same thing happen in london a couple of years ago when i broke my samsung phone screen . 
  i took it in to one shop , and two days later when i went to pick it up they had closed down and cleared out everything . 
  i was so pissed off at them clearing out i marched down oxford street to the next mobile shop , and told them since i knew they all knew each other they had better goddamn contact the manager of that shop and tell him to give me my phone back . 
  i had it again by the next day . 
  having a spa day . 
  by the time i 've been in a couple of saunas and steam rooms i am sooooo zen . 
  there are a couple for towns near me , but they 're hardly active . 
  the one for / r/edinburgh where i went to uni is a bit busier and quite friendly . 
  edit : oh , and / r/london is * okay * . 
  they 're even worse than / r/askreddit about flogging dead jokes , though . 
  i like guys i date to have * some * ambition , only because i 'm constantly pushing myself and i get along best with people who do the same , but if he wants to be a house husband then that 's 100 % okay by me . 
  i 'm not expecting every guy to be a career ladder climber . 
  no , because i do n't get pissy when other people let me know what they 're scared of .
