  some things never change . 
  when it got to sixth form we were allowed to wear our own clothes . 
  there were supposed to be loose rules , but i do n't remember them ever being enforced . 
  clothes and shoes . 
  clothes for the fit , shoes for the comfort , especially with heels . 
  i spent # 65 on a dress last week , which i wouldnt normally do , but this was from a shop that tailors especially to busty ladies , and it fits me perfectly . 
  i already know that i 'll wear it to death for work , and that makes the money more than worth it . 
  actually , i mostly figured it out by ending up in a job that i hated . 
  i did sales and was good at it , i did entertainment work and loved it , so when i left theatre i combined the two and tried entertainment pr . 
  absolutely * hated * it . 
  it made me realise that i needed to do something that made an actual difference to people and affected them on some level . 
  now i 'm training to be a teacher and it 's a perfect fit . 
  that 's the one !, 
  is n't it wonderful ? 
  i was recommended it by a friend and i 'm completely in love . 
  op , he 's not sorry and it will happen again . 
  he 's been texting one of them since 2007 !, 
  why on earth would being found out by you make him stop now when he clearly has n't given a shit for your entire relationship ? 
  stop worrying about how to trust him again , dump this idiot and go get wined and dined by someone else who will actually put some effort in for you . 
  you 're a thousand times better than this jerk . 
  first degree was undergrad in theatre production . 
  worked in the industry for a fair few years , then switched into sales to get some social life back and a little bit more money . 
  did a second ba in history through distance learning , now doing postgrad teacher training . 
  if your undergrad is what you want to do at that particular time , then do it !, 
  work your arse off to get where you want to go with that career , and then later on you can reconsider your options and switch industries or retrain if you need to . 
  it 's becoming much more expected that our generation will change careers at least a couple of times in our lifetime anyway . 
  i 'm all for career changes - it shows how much you change and develop as an adult . 
  i ca n't * believe * he has the nerve to try and tell * you * how you should manage your period !, 
  how arrogant can you get , seriously ? 
  this is n't a twenty year old man , this is a ten year old boy who thinks he can boss you around about things he knows nothing about . 
  you 're much better off rid of him . 
  very , very prestigious public school , very expensive to attend but provides an excellent education , and is n't just for rich duffers . 
  i 'd expect anyone who went to eton or harrow to go straight on to oxbridge and then probably into finance or politics . 
  however , they also have some really great actor alumni coming out like tom hiddleston , eddie redmayne and dominic west . 
  i know , right ? 
  i was a bit surprised by that too . 
  did you ever watch the hour ? 
  he [ plays it really well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocd2no6ek-i ) as hector madden . 
  i do n't think they would be someone i want to date . 
  i 'm not looking for wild celebration parties ( e.g. 
  ; for my birthday on monday my parents came up to visit me , took me out for lunch and then i went to see zootropolis in the evening by myself ) , but i would hate to be with someone who would n't even do something like a nice dinner to celebrate . 
  noticing milestones is important to me . 
  oh , and valentines does n't matter an inch to me , but swapping chocolate eggs on easter , and celebrating christmas is . 
  it seems super dull to me * not * to want to break up the monotony of the year by marking those kinds of celebrations . 
  i 'm a brit who drinks tea . 
  * so much tea * . 
  i think when i worked in an office my tea drinking got up to something like ten or more cups a day . 
  i just love it . 
  and milk always goes in last , you milk-first heathens . 
  matt murdock is appealing because he is a ) rather fit b ) well dressed c ) a working professional and d ) a genuinely nice person ( aside from all of the catholic guilt ) . 
  he is a sensible * adult * . 
  that 's a draw for anyone . 
  as women , we 're generally socially conditioned to be the nice person , to be polite and say yes and do n't rock the boat by being combative . 
  turn people down really nicely if you have to , be the nice girl etc etc. 
  same thing if you 're a child or teenager or generally a person without confidence for whatever reason . 
  in situations like guys being pushy about asking for numbers ( because they feel like they have to be assertive about it ) , that often means that we feel like we * have * to , otherwise we 'll be rude . 
  that 's a stress yes - where a girl does n't really want to say yes , but feels like she has to so she does n't come across as rude . 
  it can end up in bad places where we 're trying to be assertive about being nice , and the guy is being assertive about getting what he wants , even if he just sees it as a harmless thing like a phone number . 
  medium rare , sometimes rare . 
  i like steak pink and tender . 
  nope !, 
  really , the only change i 've found is that i like to inform people that i 'm 30 ( or 31 ) much more often than i ever did in my twenties . 
  if i 'm having a conversation i 'll catch myself being like `` well , now that i 'm thirty , i 've found that ... '' , like some kind of wise sage of life . 
  yeah - i especially feel that way when there 's a gun-related question come up . 
  my country favours super strict gun laws , and i feel really bad for clashing with americans whose whole lives have been spent around guns . 
  i 'm sure we 'd get along really well on any other subject , but i can not for the life of me see their pov or agree with it . 
  if i keep an eye on any gun law comment that i make over a few days its really interesting seeing the upvote tally swing up and down . 
  i mostly do n't like it because joss had to put so much in to set up for future films , so a result everything felt rushed . 
  nothing really flowed , and ( i thought ) there was never really a sense of the danger that had been so promising in the trailers . 
  i also hated the bruce/natasha subplot , mostly because it came out of nowhere . 
  same with the hawkeye farm plot - where did that spring from ? 
  why did joss put seeds in for a natasha/clint romance in aa that then got naturally followed through in tws , but suddenly decided to scrap it entirely in favour of two completely separate storylines ? 
  it made no sense , and just felt like lazy writing . 
  there were loads of bits of aou i loved , like klaw , the twins , the whole sokovia sequence , the red room , and the opening fight scene . 
  but on the whole , aou never really felt cohesive for me . 
  it was fun , but kind of a letdown . 
  the layers of those costumes are gorgeous !, 
  i 'll be definitely be getting that art design book when it comes out !, 
  are you asking again because you did n't like the answers the first time around ? 
  because they 're not going to change . 
  so she 's slept with eight guys ? 
  so what ? 
  that was her choice , and if she used protection each time then it 's none of your business . 
  if you ca n't deal with it , do n't date her . 
  if you want to date her , get over yourself . 
  there are no other options here . 
  because brits love a bit of slapstick , mostly . 
  i do n't . 
  i do all those things too , so if i see someone by themselves at the cinema i 'm pretty much just thinking `` snap ! '', 
  nothing . 
  defensive weapons are illegal in my country . 
  eh , it 's okay . 
  i 'm hunting for my first teaching job . 
  had an interview a couple of months ago , but my demo lesson was too teacher - lead so i did n't get the job . 
  have n't been shortlisted for anything else yet , but i 'll keep plugging away . 
  oh god , getting english guys to message or make any kind of first move is a fucking nightmare !, 
  they 're all hopeless . 
  i 'm always the one suggesting the date or swapping numbers . 
  i 'm doing teacher training now and looking for my first nqt job . 
  as i 'm getting older i 'm getting closer to my family ( and my dog ) so i 'd rather stay within weekend distance of them .
