  which is also on the ground . 
  first floor is the first one up and you go up from there . 
  it 's only because you lot all have basements everywhere that the issue gets confused , really . 
  best :, 
  locke lamora ( so cool ), 
  fitzchivalry farseer ( so dramatic ), 
  i just love the way it trips off the tongue . 
  finnick odair and seneca crane ( hunger games ), 
  worst :, 
  sonea ( black magician trilogy , trudi canavan ) . 
  it 's fine , it 's just not quite ... important enough for a lead character . 
  asher ( innocent mage series , karen miller ) . 
  again , good series , just not feeling that dramatic lead vibe from the name . 
  it annoys me that i never really know how to pronounce it properly . 
  ch as in chair or more like sh , from the fool 's line `` shade or sunlight ... '', 
  she 's got some really good names in there . 
  plutarch heavensbee is another one i quite like , and effie trinket . 
  it 's fluffy , like the character . 
   drool rockworm . 
  ewww . 
  what a slippery name !, 
  it 's actually quite a good name , in a disgusting kind of way . 
  it 's funny how reading things work !, 
  i did the usual `` hermy-own '' on my first read through of harry potter before the ps film came out and i realised it was `` her-my-own-knee '' . 
  you can pick them up from the ticket machine on the station concourse five minutes before your train , if you like . 
  make sure you select the right station to pick them up from , though . 
  downton abbey, 
  doctor who, 
  great british bake off, 
  sweet . 
  ideally chocolate . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  i 'm not looking to become a matching set or anything like that . 
  your body , your choice what you do ( or do n't do ) with it . 
  1 mooncup, 
  1 ` pod ' of pantyliners for those ` just in case ' days . 
  1 massive whacking great plastic bag of packs of pads and tampons that are now redundant and sitting underneath my bed . 
  does n't mean anything . 
  do you think girls do n't gossip all day long about sex and relationships ? 
  i went to an all girls school and was fully informed on pretty much everything sex-like by the time i was ... oh , 14 ? 
  she most likely knew you were already talking girls and sex , and just did n't want to think about her baby growing up so much . 
  you know your mum better than we do - if she normally comes to talk to you first about important stuff , then let her . 
  if she tends to stick her head in the sand about anything then you bring it up . 
  just make it casual - it 's really no big deal . 
  i research the company - twenty minutes spent on google and their company website is really all this needs , and i write interesting , notable bits ( announcements , acquisitions , basic ideas of what they do , clients ) down into a little notebook which i re-read the morning of the interview and while i 'm waiting to be called in . 
  i 've actually been complimented at an interview before on just doing this little bit of research and knowing what they did - they told me most interviewees do n't even bother with that . 
  i make myself extra presentable on that morning - not necessarily in the smartest outfit i own , but in the one i feel best in . 
  nicest heels , best top , sexy underwear for that confidence boost you need . 
  freshly washed and styled hair . 
  sometimes i 'll polish shoes the night before if they 're scruffy . 
  i have a proper breakfast/lunch so lack of sugar/energy does n't make me all nervous . 
  i also make sure i have all my documentation ready in a folder with me . 
  i always bring a copy of my cv so i can double check what dates or job information listing i 'll have . 
  they 'll have a copy with them , after all - it puts me at a disadvantage not to have it with me , too . 
  on the drive over i 'll either listen to my favourite , most energetic dancey songs to sing along to and get me in a good mood or a comedy cd for laughs and confidence . 
  at the interview i 'll accept ( or pour myself ) a glass of water but no either tea or food . 
  i always , always say hello to the receptionist and make a little bit of chit chat , because companies * do * ask other staff what they thought of you . 
  be nice to every single person you meet !, 
  i take lots of deep breaths , think about my answer , make plenty of eye contact , especially if there are multiple people interviewing me , and thank all of them at the end , with a big smile !, 
  then i go home , phone my mum , make a massive cup of tea and try to forget all about it . 
  no point mulling over what you should or did n't say - done is done after all . 
  then i sit back and wait . 
  oh i think they just asked me `` so what do you know about us ? '', 
  and i reeled off a bunch of things - what they did , some of their clients , how long they 've been operating for . 
  things like that . 
  i think it was quite a natural progression , i did n't try and wheedle it in or anything . 
  another good idea is that they will always ask you `` so do you have any more questions for us ? '', 
  at the end . 
  have a couple of good questions prepared !, 
  how you might progress in the company , travel opportunities etc etc. 
  good luck !!, 
  i know it sounds silly , but try not to stress about it . 
  cool and calm wins the day . 
  you 'll be fine !, 
  it sounds like you 're doing all the right things . 
   be confident in yourself , and make yourself smile right before you go in - it releases endorphins to get you in a good mood , which will make you * genuinely * smile . 
  massive massive good luck !, 
  tell me about it . 
  muggins here ) has just been compiling a directory list of area numbers linked to postcodes for a national courier company that are overhauling their phone systems and incoming calls . 
  working out whether calls originating in london need to go to north or south london is a * nightmare * . 
  we 've just worked out 0207 and 0208 where we can down to a five number incoming code and sent 0203 somewhere else . 
  i try not to compare myself to everyone else my age . 
  facebook makes it * so easy * to look at everyone and drive yourself mad with jealousy . 
  i 'm 28 so they 're all off having babies and getting married and mortgaged and shit . 
  i 'm single , living with my parents and struggling on minimum wage right now with two jobs and full time study . 
  but in two to three years i 'll have qualified both from the subject degree i 'm studying and the teacher training i need to do . 
  my life will be different - theirs will probably be the same . 
  we 're all on different tracks . 
  i 'm apples to their oranges , and let 's face it - half of my facebook friends will never , ever have done the adventuring and travel and incredibly cool entertainment work i 've managed so far . 
  this is now my downtime period - as gandalf says , all things shall pass . 
  my self esteem does n't suffer just because some people have rings on their fingers and pension plans and i do n't . 
  my two years of sixth form ( ages 17 and 18 ) . 
  i 'd get rid of the twit who i was dating , take the subject i wish now i had taken at a-level ( history ) and study much , much harder . 
  my exam results could have been so much better , and i regret not taking more advantage of the amazing education i was being given back then . 
  i admit it , apologise for it and just talk about it with someone . 
  getting it out , even if you did it wrong , makes guilt so much easier to bear . 
  it is hard - after all , in school we 're basically made to compare ourselves to each other .
