  is sims4 worth getting ? 
  i 've heard the base package was initially a bit rubbish but they 've added new stuff on since it was released ? 
  lokis costume is so intricate and has so many tiny little details to it . 
  definite favourite for me . 
  i think my second is actually zola - the costume is fairly ordinary , but it still conveys stuffy frantic deranged scientist really well . 
  i want to like malekiths costume , and i do love his burned face , but all of the makeup was just too much . 
  i feel like it obscured chris more than it helped him find the character . 
  well , first you should write down all of the arguments you would use if someone asked you why they should n't give up on men -- and then you should throw away your pencil , because that 's your answer right there . 
  we 're just * people * op , and apparently youve just met a very small and unfortunate group of people so far . 
  too bad , so sad , but it 's not the end of the world !, 
  do n't get bitter because some stupid people let you down . 
  that does n't help anyone , least of all you . 
  sometimes people do n't put the little / s at the end of their posts , but you should always imagine that it 's sitting right there . 
  h&m . i love zara but the cuts of their clothes do n't fit me * at all * , which is so depressing . 
  i 've never really shopped in uniqlo . 
  it 's * self * pleasure , not other-people-pleasure . 
  what 's the point in using an app that 's notoriously shallow and fickle if you 're just going to throw hissy fits about it ? 
  sometimes i change my mind about matches . 
  sometimes their messages irritate me for one reason or another . 
  sometimes i just do n't feel like answering , because it 's tinder and no one cares . 
  how can a bob be lesbian ? 
  it was a hairstyle created in the twenties by fashionable ladies , not something specifically out of gay clubs . 
  love star - lord 's outfit !, 
  all of the little details like his blasters and satchel bag are perfect . 
  not about people irl , but reddit makes me cynical about reddit . 
  half the time i see comments in subs that i normally think are relatively sane , and i just have to roll my eyes and remember that reddit 's population is mostly male , american and young . 
  okay , we 're really going to have to agree to disagree on this one , because i do not think that having short hair makes you somehow less seductive . 
  what else was she doing when she [ first met bruce ] ( https://youtu.be/pqkq5d-qcvwhttps://youtu.be/pqkq5d-qcvw ) in culcutta if it was n't using an element of seduction ? 
  if you prefer long hair on women that 's totally fine , but saying black widows should n't have short hair because then they would n't be sexy is a bit of a far reaching conclusion . 
  oh yeah , i love it too . 
  it looks much more military and utilitarian . 
  i love all of her looks in ws actually - the brown jacket and high boots in the highway fight are both gorgeous , and she looks so professional in the final scene at fury 's grave . 
  huge kudos to the costume team for all of the looks in that film . 
  personally , i feel that marriage is a solely legal institution with a religious ceremony as a bonus on top . 
  religion does not have a monopoly on declaring two people should stay together for life , or who those people should be ( gay or straight , protestant or catholic , divorced or single - no , mssr anglican church , this is not your choice ) . 
  my cousin is getting married this august , and as his fiancee is a zoroastrian , they are having a tiny legal ceremony at the registry office the day before so that it is a bonafide marriage , and then a zoroastrian religious blessing the next day as the wedding . 
  for me that 's exactly how i see it - religious ceremonies and legal paperwork are two separate things , and i do n't intend to have any religious influence in the ceremony ( if and when ) i get married . 
  i always have a soft spot for henry viii - sure , he ended up as a tyrant , but he is * so * fascinating . 
  he also spent a shitload of money on clothes , interior design , new palaces , food and having a grand old knees up . 
  my favourites stories are also about james i ( he of the king james bible fame ) who used to have his preferred boyfriends , and used to show rather a lot of scandalous affection towards them in public . 
  i always love reading about monarchs behaving badly . 
  and they do n't pay attention , either !, 
  i had an older guy message me a few weeks ago with just a `` hey . 
  how are you ? '' . 
  not usually my cup of tea but i thought why not , and a day later i messaged back to say , you know , good thanks , how was your weekend ? 
  no reply . 
  nothing . 
  two days ago , he messages me again , except this one just says `` hi . '', 
  argh !, 
  i already replied to you !, 
  pay attention if you want a conversation !, 
  i think they 're really useful for meeting new people , especially if you live in a rural area/away from friends/work in a tiny unsocial office environment . 
  all of those three apply to me , so okc suits me fine . 
  in popular literature , yes . 
  beheading of two wives , dissolution of the monasteries , imprisonment and executions of several courtiers ... not exactly the soft and huggable type in his old age . 
  the kevin story from askreddit cracks me up every single time . 
  my favourite aw urban legend has to be muffin guy in the cafe . 
  the thread must have been deleted , because i 've searched for it so many times , but it 's still gold . 
  fuck yes . 
  we 're clearly not on the same page * at all * about sex . 
  buy [ this cheap phone ] ( http://www.argos.co.uk/static/product/partnumber/5529610.htm ) from argos , plug it into the master socket on your wall and phone your mobile . 
  sorted . 
  oh god i remember that one !, 
  that was * brilliant * . 
  * mona lisa smile, 
  * pocahontas, 
  * ( tv ) north and south made by the bbc about ten years ago . 
  it always makes me feel warm and snuggly - and plus it has richard armitage being a broody , handsome victorian gentleman in . 
  * pride and prejudice ( the keira knightly one ), 
  wall-e !, 
  i love wall-e * so much * . 
  it makes me cry every time , but it 's so beautiful !, 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing at all that we call people out on saying hurtful things . 
  being blunt and not caring what anyone else thinks generally seems to be said by people who go out of their way to be mean . 
  i * do * care what other people think and what i say to them , and i do try to curb my words and be a little more empathetic . 
  yes , the article says some people were afraid to name culprits in case they were called racist , but rotherham is more about consistent abuse of power by police officers , * not * about ` political correctness gone mad ' . 
  being pc is n't to blame for all of that shit . 
  fun fact ; courtiers codpieces got so big that they used to store money and personal items inside them , like a really , really phallic tudor handbag . 
  i hid a few people during last year 's scottish referendum . 
  i do n't mind political talk , but they were just becoming * unbearable * with how often they shouted about it and all of their bullish , one-sided opinions . 
  i 'm a pretty easy going person , but they just really pissed me off . 
  for the most part i keep people on rather than kicking them off my friends list . 
  i have a lot of international friends , and it 's nice to keep up with what everyone in different parts of the world are getting up to . 
  there 's a lot of babies , though . 
  a * lot * . 
  it 's interesting to see who is completely ridiculously obsessive with their sprog ( `` my darling precious princess kept mummy up all through the night !, 
  what a funny girl !, 
  i could n't possibly sleep , even though my partner tells me that he 'll look after our princess , because she needs mummy ! '', 
  i swear to god , that is an actual status from someone i know ) and who wo n't post any photos or put anything up about their kids at all . 
  i only figured out one of my old uni friends had a kid about a month ago , and her daughter is now about three ? 
  `` hi , excuse me , sorry - i think you dropped this ? '', 
  i 'm british . 
  lots of apologising is mandatory . 
  as an example , here 's my usual ( uk ) transaction in the supermarket at lunch when i 'm buying my sandwich . 
  `` hi , can i have a bag , please ? 
  thanks . '', 
  `` here you go . 
  that 's # 3.50 , please . '', 
  ( money is exchanged , the cashier gives me change ) `` great , thanks . '', 
  `` thank you !,
