  `` i 've got a free flight and unwanted ticket to disneyland . 
  pity i ca n't make it . 
  here you go . 
  have fun ! '', 
  i 'd really like to get a reduction some day . 
  when i have money that i can spend on stuff like reductions , anyway . 
  because you told her you * liked her * , you twit . 
  you even told her you might want to marry her some day !, 
  and then , oh oops , i 've slept with someone else , but absolutely nothing is different between us , right ? 
  you seriously can not be this obtuse . 
  i really love that about this series , that hobb has so much gender fluidity going on . 
  you 've got bee knowing she 's a girl while everyone else thinks she 's a boy , the fool who is just the fool whilst also being amber or lord golden , ash/spark being two people in one , and little bits like all the neutral names she uses - hod the sword master being a woman . 
  i also thought it was interesting that the fog man ( i forget his name ... validimar ? ), 
  was described as a man with a girls voice , so he could be another gender neutral person like the fool . 
  the key thing is that class is * not * tied to money over here . 
  there really is n't much land for people to buy , anyway . 
  you could have the biggest house in your town , have a dozen cars and still be utterly working class to everyone around you . 
  class is all about how you speak , exactly which shops you do your weekly groceries in , which newspaper you read , where you went to school , or what car you drive . 
  it 's a very subtle distinction , but it 's just kind of something that you * know * . 
  invisible rules that everyone lives by , i guess . 
  * sort * of close ? 
  ` doing quite well for themselves ' is still quite an american approach - we 'd probably think more along the lines of ` living comfortably ' . 
  it 's also got nothing to do with titles or feudalism whatsoever . 
  class aware and snobbish is spot on , though . 
  captain america : winter soldier , guardians of the galaxy , iron man , star trek ( the abrams reboot ) , wall-e , pocahontas . 
  superhero films and disney sums me up nicely . 
  what in particular upsets you about him watching porn ? 
  it 's a pretty normal thing for people to do , so maybe if we can sort through your feelings we can help you resolve your relationship about it . 
  i 'm about to go and do a pgce to train as a secondary history teacher , so its worked out fine for me . 
  this is also my second degree ; my first was a far more vocational one in theatre production . 
  massive turn off . 
  it would be unbearable for me to have someone else actively try to feed me hoardes of food . 
  no , thank you . 
  i 'm not much into pity parties . 
  anyway , what he is * actually * saying is not that literally no female person on this planet has spoken to him in any capacity for over a year , but that he has n't * flirted * in a year , which is a totally different thing entirely . 
  ` the bisexuals ' ? 
  it 's not a race , mate . 
  so some study says that humans are generally more flexible in their sexual choices than society thinks . 
  big deal . 
  you 're taking straight and bisexual/gay to mean solely ` person i would sleep with ' , but that 's not it at all . 
  it 's about whether you would ever see anyone of your own gender as attractive in any circumstance - like , i identify as generally straight , but i 've wanted to kiss girls * loads * of times , and i can quite easily see a woman and think `` wow , she 's stunning . '', 
  have you never looked at a male celebrity and thought `` he 's really , really hot '' ? 
  not even in a ' i want to sleep with you ' kind of way , but just in an ' i can recognise beauty in humans when i see it ' kind of way . 
  it is a profession that you really have to have a lot of love for to get through the long hours , but theatre work was exactly the same - lots of unsociable hours and a lack of pay , so it does n't bother me * too * much . 
  i 'd also like to go into a private or grammar school so i can use the classical civilisation part of my degree . 
  i 'm not really fussed at all what other people think of the job i choose - it 's weird , the split ideas people have about teaching . 
  half are like `` oh , long holidays ! '', 
  and half are `` oh my god , i could n't deal with teenagers all day / they 're running riot / it 's just getting worse '' . 
  either teaching is a hellish , terrible , stressful job , or it 's a total doss with loads of holiday time . 
  differences between city life and rural life are pretty typical , i guess . 
  there 'll be much less public transport in a country location and you wo n't have much luck at getting takeaway delivered . 
  villages are more ethnically homogenous ( london , manchester and birmingham are probably the most diverse places in the uk ) , but most rural villages have great community links and lots of stuff ( like photography clubs , or sports clubs ) going on for you to get involved with . 
  from what i know of americans , you 'll probably find it much harder originally to mix with us and make friends than you do at home . 
  we take a long time to warm up , but if you keep plugging away and socialising then you 'll find us a pleasant bunch . 
  our humour is more about taking the mick as well , so let yourself roll along with a bit of ribbing and you 'll be fine . 
  kate fox 's book `` watching the english '' is definitely worth picking up , as she 's done a really good job at explaining all of our little idiosyncrasies . 
  single here at 30 . 
  same . 
  i used it like ... twice and then got bored . 
  i do n't actually use much online stuff at all lately . 
  get them to look at www.tes.co.uk for teaching jobs , or the education section on www.guardian.co.uk . 
  tes ( times educational supplement ) is where the majority of jobs are advertised , but our key educational hiring time is from march through to may/june . 
  commuting might well be a nasty surprise then , especially if you 're doing a commute into london . 
  it 'll be expensive , * very * crowded and probably the bane of your life . 
  enjoy !, 
  i had my last day at my full time job today , it 's my last day at my part time job tomorrow , and then tuesday i move out of home ( again ) to a new city !, 
  it 's all very exciting . 
  teacher training !, 
  it 's a year at university , so i have a new rented house with four other flatmates . 
  i 'll miss my dog loads , but it should be a fun year . 
  through a university course called a pgce , but i 'm in the uk , so i 'm not certain how much my set up can help you out !, 
  we can do training here either through a uni , or through a school - based programme called schools direct . 
  i picked the pgce as it 's recognised in scotland , whereas sd is n't , and it 's also recognised abroad in case i wanted to emigrate somewhere down the line . 
  you still spend most of the year working in two schools , but there 's extra uni assignments to go along with it . 
  i love travelling alone . 
  i spent five days in copenhagen by myself in february and loved it . 
  definitely go for it !, 
  i 'm used to mine . 
  it 's irritating and frustrating and a nuisance , but i 'm used to it . 
  it does n't actually get in the way of me doing anything , it 's just another thing i have to handle whenever i go to the loo . 
  it 's a shame that wright left , but let 's not forget that peyton reed made a really good , funny , tightly edited film that also fits neatly into the mcu and ties all sorts of different bits in . 
  it 's a good thing that marvel is making its own types of films . 
  if directors ca n't work with the bigger picture then it 's totally fair enough that they decide to leave a project to make films with their own unique stamps on . 
  marvel is n't just going for the big names - i like that they 're looking at gunn , the russos and spideys new director ( i forget his name ! ), 
  who all have that real creative energy , but also have the flexibility to work to a big universe idea . 
  i think what they 're doing works for them and works for us as filmgoers too . 
  2002 , my final year of sixth form . 
  i would have done a - level history and put real effort into my a-level work to get better results than i did . 
  my twenties have been amazing , but that year would have made things really really different for where i am now and where i could have potentially ended up . 
  i worked full time and studied full time with the ou , and did my history degree in three years as i did n't want to be 35 when i was going into teacher training . 
  it was * hard * , especially when it got to level 3 . 
  level 1 was fine to do around work , level 2 was manageable , and level 3 required sacrificing every evening and weekend to doing my ou work . 
  i had no social life , and i 'm sure i only managed half of it because i worked for my dad and he let me bring my books into the office when it was quiet . 
  if you 're working six days a week * and * have a family , doing two level 3 courses in one year is not going to be doable for you , it really is n't . 
  you should be able to do level 1 in one year instead of two , and * maybe * level 2 if you 're clever about it , but i really would not advise putting yourself through level 3 full time when you 're also at work . 
  the magic faraway tree and the wishing chair were two of my favourite book series when i was little . 
  mallory towers was great too , and a kind of precursor to harry potter . 
  look at hawkeyes new costume !, 
  that 's incredibly different from anything we 've seen in avengers or aou . 
  i kind of love it .
