  mix together the flour and caster sugar , then rub in the butter until it 's like bread crumbs . 
  mix in most of the almonds but leave some aside for decoration . 
  evenly pour your crumble topping over the apricots , then sprinkle the demerara sugar and remaining almonds over the top . 
  pop in the oven for 20 minutes until apricot juice is bubbling up at the side and the crumble is a nice golden brown . 
  serve in bowls with lashings of pouring cream or a nice splodge of ice cream . 
  enjoy !, 
  a few years ago i was staying at a hostel in london whilst doing some short-term theatre work , and basically met a cute american guy on the street . 
  actually , i think he followed me into tescos or something from the tube station , and it was obvious that he fancied me . 
  i ended up having a one night stand with him at his hotel because he was hot , and i wanted to , and i pretty much just went with the flow . 
  i did n't stick around afterwards and went back to my hotel for the night - quite literally a ` hit it and quit it ' sort of scenario . 
  the sex was fun , but he got a bit creepy in the year ( s ) following even though i never saw him again . 
  he liked to send me emails reminiscing about that night and what we did and how hot it was , probably because i 'd said no to sex at first and then changed my mind since i was enjoying myself , so he felt all alpha male total player blah de blah . 
  i ended up having to block his facebook and email , and have n't heard from him since . 
  sometimes i do , sometimes i do n't . 
  depends on my mood . 
  surely you 'd get bored of only ever having one type of sex with your partner , though ? 
  mix it up a bit !, 
  there are so many places on earth i still have to discover and explore , and the earth has chocolate . 
  and internet . 
  i like my creature comforts - i think living on a colony might be interesting , but it would be * really * difficult too . 
  and then what if you ca n't come back ? 
  ooh see i always would have said elves , and now after seeing desolation of smaug i just * love * the dwarves . 
  hands down their costumes/clothes are the absolute best . 
  mmmmmm yup . 
  do n't forget [ thorin too ] ( http://www.richardarmitagenet.com/images/gallery/hobbit/hobbitstills/album/65-fili-thorin-kili-officialhobbitmovieguide.jpg ) . 
  he * llo * heirs of durin . 
   hell , even those who have names have about a 50 % chance of dying by the end of book 3 . 
  i 'll say it - tolkien was * really * crappy at writing death scenes . 
  oh , btw , boromir gets stuck with a load of arrows and dies . 
  oh , and in the battle of five armies ( hobbit film part 3 spoiler ) [ hobbit spoiler ] ( #s `` thorin and kili and fili '' ) died too , by the by , everyone was very sad the end . 
  not bothered in the slightest . 
  porn is a fantasy . 
  i 'd probably watch with him . 
  not for me . 
  i 'm a monogamous person . 
  being attractive ? 
  why ? 
  being short , having a beard and living in a mountain does n't exclude attractiveness . 
  you clearly love your characters , so i 'm going to put in a massive recommendation for robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogy for you . 
  her characters and the way she draws you into them is just wonderful , and they stay with you for a really * really * long time afterwards . 
  i did spend half of * farseer * wanting to smack fitz , but only in the nicest kind of way . 
  you can then follow on into her * liveships * trilogy from there , and then * tawny man * , so there 's plenty to read . 
  it does have an element of ` chosen person ' about it , but it 's nowhere near as overt as vin in mistborn or harry potter . 
  you will also , i expect , enjoy the same darkness as you get in asoiaf . 
  in fact , in some ways hobb gets even darker than george r.r martin - or perhaps it just feels that way because she writes in first person perspective . 
  either way , i think it 's a series you 'd really enjoy , and i 'd definitely say pick up * assassins apprentice * at some point and give it a go . 
  hah , that 's why i said in * some * ways . 
  grrm still wins the gruesome fantasy stakes , in my opinion . 
  still . 
  what about [ aa spoiler ] ( #s `` galen 's rooftop lessons '' ) ? 
  or [ aa spoiler ] ( #s `` first person perspective of regal 's dungeon torture scenes '' ) ? 
  they were pretty grim . 
  it 's stupid and childish . 
  i 'm almost thirty , i do n't need or want to be ` picked up ' , i just want to be talked to like a normal person . 
  to all puas in training : please grow up . 
  i thought i had got rid of maths forever when i dropped it after gcse exams , and now i find out i have to pass a freaking maths exam to be able to go for the teacher training i want do . 
  ugggghhhh . 
  the correct timing to do chest compressions for cpr is to the beat of ` staying alive ' . 
  no , really . 
  enjoy asia , have an amazing time and do n't bother contacting him when you get back . 
  he waited until you were * boarding the plane * to back out ?? 
  i would be absolutely livid . 
  i 've had the same situation before ( booked flights to montreal for 10 days , all five friends backed out right beforehand , i went alone and had an amazing time ) , but at least they gave me five days warning . 
  he did n't even give you five hours . 
  by all means , i 'm all for guys seeing me on the street and thinking i 'm attractive . 
  good stuff - there are plenty of men who i see and think `` oooh , he 's a bit fit . '', 
  ( the tube in london is amazing for this ) women get physically attracted to men they think are good looking * all the time * . 
  the difference mostly comes when men who think i 'm fit then assume that attraction is instantly reciprocated and that if they made their feelings clear , then i 'd all be for jumping into bed with them or going out with them . 
  i 'm not . 
  you coming up and telling me `` your boobs look amazing in that top '' or whatever means absolutely point blank zero to me . 
  that 's the point when i 'm put off . 
  i 'm on a brand of pill called dianette . 
  it was prescribed for me to help clear up my skin , but has the helpful additional part of being a contraceptive , too . 
  i do n't have a long term partner right now though , so when i do have sex i use condoms for backup . 
  as far a the tauriel/kili thing goes , why not ? 
  why should all of the races in middle earth be so totally , entirely separate ? 
  if elves and men like luthien and beren and then arwen and aragorn could have a bit of romance , why not everyone else ? 
  anyway , i see tauriel and kili as a bit of puppy love . 
  tauriel 's obviously pining for legolas , anyway . 
  they 're both supposed to be young for their respective races and quite impulsive . 
  being attracted to someone unusual and ` forbidden ' seems exactly like what those characters would do . 
  btw , i do understand the desire to stick close to tolkien 's canon . 
  he wrote an amazing world . 
  but he was also constantly adapting and changing details , growing his world and bringing new things to it . 
  it seems a bit daft to me to say that in all four ages of middle earth there would never , ever , possibly have been a dwarf and an elf who took a bit of a fancy to each other . 
  gimli fell head over heels for galadriel after all . 
  personally i think it 's superior to * farseer * in character development and writing , i like how much more political it becomes and the fool is unashamedly my favourite ever fictional character in any genre . 
  his reunion with fitz in * fools errand * pulls all of my heartstrings in the best kind of way . 
  i think they 'd make good archers - lots of power in those muscly arms , after all !, 
  i imagine dwarves very much as hack-and-stab types , so yeah , i think axes work well , or big beefy swords . 
  a dwarf whipping around a whacking great studded morningstar would probably be quite a nerve wracking sight too !, 
  oh , interesting !, 
  i had n't thought about it in that way , but you 're quite right . 
  oh i loved it !, 
  i stayed in a hostel in the latin quarter , met some other cool brits , went to a couple of house parties and had a blast . 
  the whole city was so pretty to wander round , and it was a nice quiet day when we went to the biodome . 
  my favourite thing was getting to see a brand new cirque du soleil show , though - that was amazing . 
  hahaha that 's okay - you call bums ` fannies ' . 
  we 'll always be laughing at you for that . 
  though i normally speed through books like legolas chasing down uruk-hai , i 've got a lot of academic reading to do , so my fantasy booklist is unfortunately on the back burner until the summer .
