  if we 're going with norse mythology , loki also had sex with a horse , got pregnant , and had an eight legged horse baby . 
  why not put eight legged horses on screen ? 
  and i mean , it 's * completely * unbelieveable that gods from other space dimensions who fly using a hammer , summon lighting in an instant and can see all the souls in the universe could possibly be anything other than belonging to a single ethnicity . 
  i definitely see your logic there . 
  i 'm assuming that you also have a huge problem with nick fury now being samuel l. jackson too ? 
  oh , and you must have a problem with the ancient one being tilda swinton too , right ? 
  seeing as it 's deviating from the source material and all . 
  or maybe enjoy that we also have a huge amount of white cast like steve rogers , bucky barnes , natasha romanoff , tony stark , pepper potts , clint barton , phil coulson , thor , peggy carter , loki , odin , the warriors three , matt murdock , jessica jones , danny rand , wilson fisk , foggy nelson , maria hill , jane foster , peter parker , stephen strange , bruce banner etc etc etc. . . ? 
  so what if marvel are mixing it up ? 
  * who cares * ? 
  they 're still going to be good films . 
  why does the casting matter if they 're all excellent actors who understand and are excited about their characters ? 
  so unsubscribe from the sub if you do n't like what we 're saying to you . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be desperately missed . 
  those ears !, 
  they 're huge !, 
  what a cutie . 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  `` i will sit outside the door and sing the song of my people , hoping that they will hear me . '', 
  that is adorable !, 
  i really enjoy the adaptions of kathy reich 's crime novels , especially * bones of the lost * . 
  the narrator ( linda emond ) was pitch perfect for that one . 
  thanks !, 
  i think he 's such an interesting character to think about , in so many different kind of ways . 
  atl , which is a teaching union . 
  i 'm a newly qualified teacher so i 've had free union membership through my training year and this coming year . 
  i always love the gymnastics , synchronised swimming and fencing . 
  i 'm excited to see how well team gb do in the cycling events too !, 
  i used to go to adult gymnastic classes !, 
  oh my god it was tough but sooooo much fun . 
  i could do somersaults into the soft pit all night long if i wanted . 
  it 's pretty true for me . 
  i very much go off of instant chemistry and gut reactions . 
  i 've never ended up warming up to someone romantically over a long period of time . 
  it 's usually all or nothing . 
  people who do n't fucking indicate at roundabouts or junctions . 
  i 'm not psychic !, 
  also , noisy eaters . 
  yeah ... the whole organisation just seems like it 's been a total total screwup from day one . 
  i 'm still not exactly sure * why * rio won it in the first place !, 
  great article , thank you !, 
  i 'd never heard of her before , but i 'll definitely be watching the swimming now . 
  duolingo is great to keep the brain cells ticking over . 
  other than that i like doing wordsearches , watching quiz shows and watching documentaries . 
  aw , that 's a really lovely update op !, 
  i 'm glad everything worked out for the best !, 
  but is * he * still religious ? 
  it could be that as you 've got more into his religion , he 's starting to change his mind about it - not that i 'm saying the two things are necessarily linked , but they could still be happening simultaneously . 
  i 'd really sit down and talk to him about his feelings on his faith , and not just on * your * feelings about needing a religion . 
  durham is * worlds * away from london life , so i 'd consider maybe what sort of uni experience you want to have if the course you 're looking at is quite similar across the board . 
  i think durham will give you a more authentic ` british ' experience and is also * vastly * cheaper , but well - london is london after all . 
  as someone whose grandma was practically running her village before she developed dementia , it starts * really * small . 
  confusion , misremembering information , stubbornness , repeating themselves often , things like that . 
  what your grandpa is saying to you might tie in with some other confusing behaviours he may show to other members of your family when you are n't around . 
  do n't just brush this off as homophobia if it 's a recent development . 
  talk to other people about what he 's been like lately and get him checked out . 
  going onto the pill . 
  i still suffer with occasional breakouts of adult acne if i go too long without starting a new pack , but yasmin keeps it under control for me . 
  i tried all sorts of topical treatments , but turns out it 's managing hormones that does the trick !, 
  olympic gymnast ( nope ), 
  nurse ( definitely not !, 
  i get squeamish at hurt people ), 
  now i 'm a teacher and very happy . 
  change a lightbulb, 
  basic management for your car - headlights , washing fluid , pumping up tires , checking oil etc. 
  yes , but it 's also called couch ** to ** 5k . 
  the key is in that connecting word . 
  you 'll get to 5k , promise . 
  just not on day one !, 
  rather than a stopwatch app , download one of the free c25k apps . 
  they 've got voice prompts for when to run and when to walk , and will record speed , distance and time for you . 
  i really like the zenlabs one , and i 've heard good things about the nhs app too . 
  i make an effort to breathe in for longer than i breathe out , so i might do in for a count of five and out for a count of two . 
  it helps regulate my breaths , and i figure it also helps bring in more oxygen to power my way through . 
  yes , and i only wear them to work out in . 
  they 're comfy , but my skinny jeans and hoodies are much comfier . 
  15/20 minutes treadmill , 10 minutes rowing , 15 minutes weights , 15 minutes stationary bike , 5 minutes stretching . 
  right now i 've moved away from the area where i had my gym subscription , so i do 30 minutes running 3x weekly . 
  be open with who you 're dating, 
  learn how to dress well and what colours/styles suit you . 
  this makes a huge amount of difference !, 
  confidence is super sexy !, 
  figure out what gives you a feeling of confidence and own it . 
  it could be fitness , it could be a great new haircut , it could be singing along to music in your car ( always gives me a boost ) . 
  just because * you * think you 're ugly does n't mean other people do or will . 
  everyone 's got a type . 
  just walk down your high street and look at all the couples that pass you by - 90 % of them are not super model super hot . 
  they 're just ordinary looking people who found the person that thinks they 're super cute . 
  edit : also , looking at your post history , stop going on subs to say awful things about people . 
  saying ugly things makes you ugly too . 
  you need to grow up and learn how to be positive about other people . 
  you definitely wo n't understand the world , the skill or the political conflict for a while yet . 
  the books grow as fitz grows - during aa he 's just a boy and very insular , but as he gets older and is given more responsibility you 'll see the world open up through his eyes . 
  do n't worry !, 
  he 's a bit of an unreliable narrator at times , but it also means you get connected to him and the other characters * so * intensely . 
  the books feel incredibly personal to me in a way that i do n't often feel with other fantasy series . 
  it 's probably why it 's such a difficult series to define in the way that you want to - this is a series where you 're riding his eyes , in a way , and i often find it really hard to distinguish * my * feelings about plots from fitz 's feelings about the situation he 's in . 
  it 's also why i love it so very much . 
  you clearly do n't see a future with your current girlfriend , or if you do see a future it 's one with divorce . 
  that does n't sound like someone you can have a truly healthy relationship with .
