  vouchers for a back massage, 
  a smart new jacket for dog shows, 
  lots of things made out of chocolate . 
  i 've kissed a couple of my close female friends but not done any more than that . 
  i 'd quite like to try sometime , but probably with a stranger rather than a friend . 
  i guess i identify more as bi-curious than straight - i would n't be opposed to following through on any potentially sexual attraction with another lady , but i would n't initiate it and i 've got no real drive to go seek anything out . 
  i feel you . 
  i teched a panto for two years and had a blast , but jeez . 
  by the time you get to january you just want to junk it all and go have a cold shakespeare shower just to wake yourself up again . 
  a muppet christmas carol , of course, 
  hook, 
  home alone 1 or 2, 
  harry potter and the philosophers stone / chamber of secrets . 
  they 're the two that are the most christmassy for me . 
  love , actually, 
  dog shows and dog showing . 
  i 'm quite involved with it lately so i 'm learning a * lot * of stuff . 
  they 'll help you out and put things in the bags as they scan them . 
  i 've asked a couple of times and it 's fine . 
  when they ask you that , you could just say `` actually , do you mind giving me a hand ? '' . 
  they 'll be asking because management has told them to ask , not out of general courtesy . 
  yes , of course they are . 
  i read it as in the op saying `` no , i 'm not okay doing this by myself . '', 
  op , turning down the offer is fine , too . 
  they do n't much care either way . 
  a primary school teacher of mine frequently used to throw pieces of chalk , or the blackboard eraser at kids who were misbehaving . 
  you definitely , definitely did not mess with him . 
  shortbread . 
  ridiculously easy to make and keeps for a good few weeks . 
  make slices or fingers of it , buy a pretty little gift box and wrap it up with a bow . 
  perfect present for grandparents . 
  a chef . 
  i have friends who look in the fridge , see half a dozen random things and make up amazing meals out of them . 
  i look in the fridge , see eggs , milk , a half-eaten tub of butter and call the chinese takeaway . 
  even with thirty recipe books under the counter i still default to beans on toast or canned soup whenever possible . 
  me too . 
  i 'll go , have one drink , make some polite conversation for an hour and then be like welp , early start tomorrow , better go !, 
  my cosy bed is much more interesting than any promise of a hangover . 
  i do n't dare say it out loud to some of my sportier friends , but oh my * god * running is so dull . 
  even running to warm up for my other sports classes bores me to tears . 
  just watched the trailer for 12 years and it looks amazing !, 
  it comes out here in january , apparently . 
  i 'll definitely have to go see it . 
  oooh yes i adored effie !, 
  she was done perfectly . 
  yeah , the villains frustrated me too , though i liked the plot . 
  i mean , why go to all the effort of casting a great actor like christopher eccleston , then cover him in six hours worth of makeup , give him an alien language to speak and then digitally alter his voice anyway ? 
  it could have been any old two bit actor doing it . 
  yup , i 'm english and vote during most elections and by-elections . 
  the american system of registering for one particular party bemuses me , because i tend to vote for candidates rather than parties . 
  i think i voted liberal last election , but i might well go independent , green or even labour this time , mostly because as a future teacher i loathe our education secretary and want to see him gone . 
  i think the british tend to be too laissez-faire about elections , and i 'd like to see bigger turnouts like the americans get . 
  oooh i love the idea of sitting in botanical gardens for a while . 
  i used to live in edinburgh which had the most amazingly massive hot houses , but i do n't think there 's anything like it back down here . 
  : / i 'll definitely look into it though !, 
  you would not believe the number of lemsips i 've been downing lately . 
  and that was only because i went through our supply of honey . 
  and lemons . 
  right now i 'm rather getting into my norse mythology so i 'm quite enjoying the loki stories and everything that the norse gods got up to . 
  usually i loooove my greek myths , though . 
  achilles is my favourite , followed by antigone for being a badass and the general greek pantheon of gods . 
  i worked backstage in theatre for four years , so i went with the latter . 
  it was great and i had some amazing experiences , but in the end i realised i wanted real weekends and a holiday every so often and quit . 
  now i work in sales , and i 'm retraining to teach . 
  i do n't regret it . 
  that 's hilarious , especially for an essex girl . 
  i do , definitely . 
  actually , the most english i have ever felt were the both times i was working abroad - once at camp america , once on a cruise ship - and i was ` the english one ' . 
  i tend to refer to myself as english as opposed to british . 
  a friend of mine posted on facebook the other day that the cruise ship she 's working on right now has captain phillips playing on the crew tv channel . 
  while they 're sailing through pirate waters . 
  yeah . 
  maybe not the best choice ... 
  i adore theatre and the performing arts , and worked as a freelance theatre technician for about four years . 
  i 'll always have a passion for drama and the creation of beautiful things . 
  i used to play the flute for orchestras too , and if i have any excuse to head to the tate modern whilst i 'm in london i 'll always go . 
   i totally feel you on the tom hiddleston love . 
  that stupid horrible perfect angel of a man ... ugh . 
  i know , right ? 
  and then you watch all of these interviews he 's done on youtube and he 's even more charming . 
  totally not helping !, 
  it has n't at all , mostly because i do n't bring up numbers unless asked . 
  so i 've slept with people , big deal . 
  so has he . 
  me sleeping with guys when i was younger has zero bearing on what i do with my life and relationships later on . 
  i tend to meet for dinner , so evening dates . 
  i always end up joking with guys i go on a few dates with that i need to start seeing them in sunlight eventually !, 
  usually dinner and then drinks somewhere else . 
  i did bowling once but it felt weird , mostly because we were sort of being competitive whilst also being nice to each other , and getting up alternately to go bowl did n't give us much space to talk . 
  a few dates in we 'll probably go to the cinema or theatre but i do n't like doing that too early , seeing as you 're sitting in the dark in silence . 
  i 've had ice cream in the park once with a date and that was really nice . 
  it usually reaches a natural end when the bars kick us out or dinner has finished . 
  one date we said goodbye after pizza as there was n't any chemistry . 
  other ones we 'll go on until closing time and we have to leave . 
  i think with daytime dates it either feels like you reach a natural end or you just keep going and going !, 
  i just do whatever feels natural . 
  if i 'm fed up i 'll make up an excuse to go home . 
  not a huge amount , but it totally depends . 
  mostly a kiss on the cheek to say hello and another one to say goodbye . 
  the last first date i went on we had a full on make out session in the car park !,
