  it can be a pricey hobby to do , but they 're wonderful days out and i really really enjoy it . 
  as for gymnastics , i used to do it when i was little and loved it , but had to quit for one reason or another . 
  a couple of years ago i randomly googled to see if there were any adult classes in my area , found weekly ones at the gym i used to go to and decided to just give it a go because hey , why not ? 
  turns out i still really kinda love it , and for # 6.50 a week i get to screw around in foam pits and on trampolines for an hour and a half every week . 
  i even did a competition last year !, 
  it 's a bit unusual but very fun . 
  i 'm doing too much and just feel spread thin . 
  i 'm juggling ( technically ) three jobs at the moment plus study which is gathering speed for the end of the academic year , plus hobbies , plus friends where i can possibly fit them in . 
  most of the time i just want to go back to bed !, 
  living at home is exhausting , too . 
  i just want to be in my own place but i 'm not at a time where i can afford it right now . 
  it 's only a temporary arrangement , but it can be reeeeeally draining sometimes . 
  i 'm writing an assignment on the social importance of roman baths at the moment and it 's absolutely fascinating !, 
  you 've got seneca whinging about how everyone wears too much perfume now , inscriptions mentioning slaves with management positions at the baths , pliny the younger bragging about how his private baths face on to the sea , and martial making all his filthy jokes about the people he socialises with there . 
  my particular favourite so far is epigram 2.42 `` zoilus , you spoil the bathtub washing your arse . 
  to make it filthier , zoilus , stick your head in it . '', 
  there 's also references to ` irrumated water ' in my course material translations , which is intriguingly off-putting ... 
  well , i 'm 29 so if i see any of them doing that , my reaction is mostly ` oh * please * , dream on . ', 
  essex , england here . 
  ( i 'm about an hour north of london ), 
  mon-fri i do sales and marketing full time for the family business , tuesdays i work a day at a local school to get classroom experience ahead of applying for teacher training and saturday nights i do a shift at a local pub . 
  most evenings i come home from work and study and spent most weekends doing assignments too . 
  it 's very tiring !, 
  i feel you on the job/study no social life . 
  sympathies abound !, 
  hello !, 
  sucks about those new tube strikes , huh ? 
  whereabouts are you ? 
  i love tea !, 
  just as every good englishman should . 
  how do you take yours ? 
  hello norwicher !, 
  i 'm in colchester , so not too far off from you . 
  if we 're on a date , sure . 
  i 'll offer the money to pay halves but if he insists then i 'm not going to kick up a fuss . 
  it 's just a date , the whole point is going out to see if you 're compatible anyway . 
  can anyone recommend particularly good reading on emperor hadrian ? 
  i had a really interesting short talk on his travels in egypt at the british museum a couple of weeks ago and it made me want to find out more !, 
  i do n't give much of a toss about religion . 
  politicians do n't get nicknames * that * often , certainly not really in any great quantity that you might find occuring on twitter or in news reports . 
  if you were looking beyond current news affairs i 'd suggest john prescott , previous deputy prime minister from 1997-2007 . 
  he was popularly known as ` two jags ' prescott for his ownership of jaguar cars , which then sometimes became ` two jabs ' prescott after he punched an angry constituent . 
  david cameron 's wife is sometimes samcam ( samantha cameron ) , and i really feel like there should be some obvious tag attached to ed balls , but i ca n't think of any right now . 
  first of all , i am really so very , very sorry for your loss . 
  your poor dad must be feeling terrible about what happened , especially as it would have been so awful to witness . 
  what you need to say to him if he brings it up is that it was an accident . 
  terrible things happen , and they happen to good people . 
  my dad brought a heavy roller door down on our dog 's leg when he was a puppy completely by accident . 
  though the dog was n't hurt i know dad took a long time to really forgive himself for it , even though it was actually the dog 's fault for running underneath and not his at all . 
  your dad had no idea that your dog was underneath the steer - how could he have known ? 
  it was n't his fault at all . 
  i 'm sure your dog was very loved and i 'm sure it 'll be very hard for your dad in the next few days while your house is so quiet . 
  give him time to get past the shock of it , and let him talk about it if he wants to . 
  sometimes talking helps people put events together and figure their feelings out . 
  do n't rush him or be cross if he 's still upset about it even this time next year . 
  it can take people a long time to get over things like this . 
  if your dad does n't seem to be able to get past this , you could even suggest to your mum that it would be okay if he goes to see someone to professionally talk about it if he needs to . 
  maybe in the future , when things have calmed down a bit , talk about safety things you can do to stop things like that happening again . 
  you could put a new dog in a fenced off area , or on a long lead for example , or do a verbal check with someone else to make sure there are n't any animals nearby when you 're using machinery . 
  most of all , just be gentle with your dad . 
  it was n't his fault . 
  i hope he 's okay . 
  there is a lot of degrading porn , it 's very true . 
  i 'm a woman and i like watching it , but there is plenty that i switch away from immediately because it just does n't look at all fun for the women involved . 
  that said , there is a growing market of porn made and marketed for women which focuses much more on the women involved getting pleasure out of what is going on . 
  personally , i tend to like male gay porn more because it actually seems like the guys are having fun with what 's going on . 
  with a lot of straight porn it seems like the women are just more passive and not enjoying it at all , which is probably where your feelings of degradation are coming in . 
  maybe sit down and have an evening ( or just an hour ) with your boyfriend where you find video porn that represents what you get out of those photos . 
  it does exist , it 's just harder to find . 
  after all , just because the image is static does n't mean it 's really much different to the moving one - you could take an artistic frame out of a video and apply some filters to it to get it to look artistic too . 
   b and i continue to make sarcastic comments throughout the entire movie until about 3/4 of the way through when a blows his top . 
  he screamed at b and i that he could n't take our comments any more and that one or two would be fine , but we had been doing it throughout the entire movie ( which we had , to be fair ) . 
  yeah , and you know what ? 
  i probably would have done exactly the same thing . 
  if you go over to watch a movie with friends , * watch the damn movie * . 
  if you want to be snarky and critiquey about how much you do n't like it , then go in another room . 
  a gave you warning that you were irritating him , so why did you keep doing it ? 
  if he had sat there for the whole two hours poking you in the side , would n't you have snapped his head off too ? 
  it did not come out of the blue . 
  a gave you warning . 
  you ignored it . 
  he put up with you for another , what , hour of stupid comments while he was trying to actually watch it , * at his invitation * , and then he told you off . 
  you being stressed about things does n't give you excuse for being a * total dick * . 
  next time you want to gossip through a movie , make sure the people you 're watching it with do n't actually want to enjoy it first . 
  oh , and i would n't expect any more film night invites from them , either . 
  i love the whole mistborn series and alloy of law ( the sequel ) , adored warbreaker and tore through words of radiance . 
  soooo most of his books , really . 
  of course it is . 
  being decent about a breakup does n't mean that you need a life-altering reason - wanting to be single for a while and thinking you do n't have much in common any more is more than enough . 
  calling him or breaking up with him the next time you see him are both adult ways to manage it . 
  just be straightforward and honest with him . 
  it wo n't be easy , but you 'll feel much better once it 's done . 
  my favourite author for a while now has been the quite wonderful robin hobb . 
  for me , it 's her characters that set her apart from almost anyone else . 
  she has this indescribable way of getting into their heads , and of expressing that to you * so well * that you feel like you know them inside and out . 
  you really do , for want of a better expression , fall in love with them , and that passion for them guides you through the series she writes and through all of these emotional rises and falls . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again - the fool is my all time favourite fictional character in any book i have ever read . 
  there are passages about his friendship with fitz that i can read over and over again and never get tired of . 
  my other favourite thing about robin 's books , which i do n't see mentioned around here enough , is that she writes such strong women . 
  they 're not your average leather-clad ass kicking ladies either ; i mean she has politically strong ladies in her books and emotionally strong women dealing with everything that gets thrown at them .
