  look . 
  you 're taking one tiny subgroup of women ( 18 year old extrovert university students who go to the same parties as you ) and blowing that up to include all future women you will ever meet and date . 
  you 're blaming women for being unfaithful before you 've even met them !, 
  ca n't you see how ridiculous that is ? 
  ely is a really lovely town , and really close to both cambridge and bury st edmunds which are both great places to spend a weekend . 
  peacocks tea room in ely is a particularly good place to go for an afternoon if you want the quintessential english tea and cake experience too . 
  do n't forget that if you 're going to be streaming live tv in the uk , you 'll need to pay for a tv license . 
  right now you do n't need one if you 're just using netflix etc , but i 'm pretty sure they 're changing it soon so that using any streaming services require you to have a license . 
  i 'm a history teacher and i love the ussr syllabus i 'm doing with my sixth formers at the moment . 
  anything ww1/ww2 is great as well , especially as there 's so much online to learn about . 
  my personal favourites are the romans and greeks too , especially ancient greek literature , and the tudor court as they are all so backstabby . 
  the georgian court is also suuuper fascinating , especially when you start looking at fashion and etiquette . 
  the 18th century hanoverian court in england . 
  all sounds like things a perfectly good friend would do , too . 
  hint : cottaging does not mean staying in a cottage on holiday . 
  my nanna gave my brother and i christmas books when we were 4 or 5 . 
  mine was twas the night before christmas , and his was a funny kids story . 
  on christmas eve , we always sit together on the sofa with my mum and read each of the stories . 
  that 's the real start of christmas . 
  my dad also always cooked peppered beef and a honey roast ham that hardly ever last until new years . 
  we met on tinder too !, 
  he 's a teacher like me , so we have lots of common talk straight away . 
  i did n't think he was interested after the first date , but then he invited me out again and it was so much fun . 
  we 've only been on three dates , but there 's definitely going to be a fourth and that 's really unusual for me . 
  i 'm not pinning loads of hopes on it , but i am quietly crossing my fingers that this goes somewhere . 
  i really like him . 
  oh no real reason - i just have n't had much luck with my love life , is all !, 
  i 've gone on lots of first and second dates , but by third dates i 'm either not into them or they 're not into me . 
  this is the first guy in a while where things seem to be mutual . 
  hence the careful finger crossing . 
  two years ago ? 
  something like that . 
  maybe more . 
  it 's been a while . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  i haveb ' t really switched to an online consumerist lifestyle yet . 
  i like wandering around town for clothes ( i have an awkward body shape , so i need to try stuff on before i buy ) , and i go to a supermarket for my food shop . 
  i 've done all my christmas shopping in town this year , too . 
  i enjoy the experience . 
  you ca n't change him . 
  his behaviour is only going to get worse as time goes in , and there is nothing you can do to stop it . 
  frankly , the only way to make your life easier is just to dump this idiot . 
  i guess county if i 'm outside it , nearest town if i 'm in the county itself . 
  most people have vaguely heard of my home town so it puts it close enough . 
  prince of egypt is wonderful . 
  two family members have got married at new years so far , which i actually really like . 
  it 's a fun party , loads of booze , everyone 's in a great mood and we were also staying in the hotel , so it was only a short stumble back to the rooms . 
  great times . 
  her characters are so well rounded , you feel almost like they 're family . 
  i can read and re-read her books to death ( especially tawny man ) , and get emotional with them every single time . 
  i am in love with this series . 
  it 's the first thing i read when i wake up in the morning . 
  finishing my teacher training and getting a permanent job . 
  it made all the work worthwhile !, 
  you 've said in your own post exactly what the rest of us are going to tell you . 
  you are not a priority in his life . 
  he 's not going to change . 
  if your fianc\u00e9 shows that he 's not there for you when your * mother * dies , when is he going to support you ? 
  you should have broken up with him . 
  you do n't need us to tell you that . 
  you already know it . 
  my mum took me to get them pierced when i was 13 . 
  she said it was something she had done with her mum and wanted to do with me . 
  bugger all . 
  i 'm thirty one and have had three pension deductions from my pay so far . 
  other savings are currently non existent . 
  lucky me !, 
  maybe 30 ? 
  actually most people on my course were much older than me and i was one of the youngest , even when i was coming up to 30 . 
  it was more than fine . 
  no , we go to work out . 
  same as you . 
  people wear tight clothes because they are comfortable and wick sweat away quicker . 
  a full english , of course . 
  yum !, 
  i 'm still scared of romantic love , if i really admit it to myself . 
  i 'm scared of getting close to someone and then that person rejecting me . 
  i guess i 'm trying to overcome it by accepting their invitations and just doing things slowly and gently . 
  well , i guess if you wo n't accept an 80 '' monstrosity , then you wo n't have another tv in your room , then . 
  sorted . 
  somewhere around 15 minutes is fine , i find . 
  kings cross has got loads of places for coffee if you 're early . 
  also do n't underestimate just how long those trains are - it takes forever to walk down the platform and find your coach !, 
  john can absolutely claim whatever he likes about his sexuality . 
  this is n't about whether he 's gay or bisexual . 
  this is about him constantly breaking the boundaries of your relationship , and then claiming he did it because he was ` lonely ' ( oh boohoo , tiniest violin etc etc ) . 
  he does n't deserve a second chance , because clearly he has no remorse whatsoever . 
  my little brother and i are very different people . 
  he 's much more practical and settled than i am - he 's married now with a house and a mortgage , whereas i spent my twenties freelancing in the arts and have spent most of the last decade single . 
  i 'm more spontaneous than him , and he 's more sporty than me . 
  he 's got my dad 's cooking and diy skills , but i 'm much more well read than him , and i 've taken on our family 's love of dogs whereas he 's got a cat . 
  my parents even say our childhood illnesses were opposities . 
  we get along well enough , but we 're not the same at all . 
  it 's a purple hoodie with white logos front and back . 
  the back has a large white cow face on with the logo ` cow crew ' . 
  i also have a similar version in black . 
  i 've had the black one about seven years now , and the purple one about six or five years . 
  i used to work for one of the biggest companies at the edinburgh fringe festival as a member of the lighting crew for a number of years . 
  this company has a big cow theme going on , and each member of staff got a hoody and some t-shirts saying ` cow crew ' to wear while on shift . 
  purple is for the year i did the press team , and black is one of the years i did the tech team .
