  if you want to go back and get a new degree , brilliant !, 
  you go and rock that education system . 
  but make sure you are doing it for a reason , and that reason is going to be enough to see you through the second year slump when you 're thinking `` i left a cushy job for * this * ? '', 
  ugh that samoyed one is too cute . 
  my favourite is [ this cosy labrador ] ( http://i.giphy.com/wi8o8wbtyx7ds.gif ) . 
  i wish !, 
  i did get to cuddle a sixteen week old portugese podengo the other week though . 
  he fell asleep in my arms !, 
  it was * adorable * . 
  if in a non-sexual relationship ; `` that top/dress really suits you . '', 
  boob-specific comments not required . 
  if in a sexual relationship : `` i love your boobs '' . 
  size-specific comments not required . 
  and the whacking great big gillette sign in the barn behind tony when he 's talking to fury . 
  they tried to be subtle , but once you notice it , it 's just so annoying . 
  edit : found [ a screenshot ] ( https://breakinggeek.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/avengers-age-of-ultron-tony-stark-talks-to-nick-fury-in-barn.png ) . 
  big vintage sign to the left of tony 's head . 
  universities here work very differently to the us . 
  we do n't do majors and minors and all round education , we get a degree in one specific subject . 
  what subject does she want to do ? 
  it may well not even be worth going to some of those unis , which will help you free up some time on your itinerary . 
  it 's great that you 're asking us how to plan your trip . 
  just please , give us some idea of what your daughter is thinking so that we can really actually help you out . 
  i think it 's probably because as marvel fans we give it more time for repeat viewings and see it as part of the bigger universe . 
  on its own , first avenger is kind of a cookie cutter superhero action film with an okay villain , but once you watch it in context with winter soldier , agent carter and avengers , you see far more nuances to it . 
  i like it much better now i can fit it in to the wider mcu . 
  i rewatched thor last night for the first time in aaaages and realised i 'd forgotten how much i like it !, 
  it 's a really fun film . 
  country , definitely . 
  i love rural english living with rolling fields , acres to walk the dog , a good pub for sunday roasts and a small community that knows you . 
  there are some cities ( edinburgh ) that i would move back to in a heartbeat , but for the most part i 'm a country girl . 
  just for character development and interaction , i love the [ restaurant scene ] ( https://breakinggeek.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/avengers-age-of-ultron-tony-stark-talks-to-nick-fury-in-barn.png ) in iron man 2 . 
  fury is brilliant . 
  `` i 've got bigger problems to deal with than you in the south-west region ! '', 
  also iron man 2 , but the scene when tony [ watches howard 's film reel ] ( https://youtu.be/xu5gv6zsk1u ) always gets me . 
  it 's a lovely piece of acting from rdj . 
  i particularly love col. philips reaction to steve in that scene . 
  `` look at him . 
  he 's making me cry . '', 
  i go to bed about 10:30 pm . 
  i normally go to sleep somewhere around 11:30 - midnight . 
  really should do better . 
  keep it in my purse , and every so often decant the shrapnel ( normally 1p , 2p , 5p , 10p , mayyybe 20ps ) into a pringles tube . 
  when the tube 's full i count it out and get it changed at the bank . 
  there 's normally about # 30 - # 40 in there ? 
  what do i think about foreigners , or what do i think about the british stereotype ? 
  for the former , that 's such a vague question i could n't possibly even begin to answer , and for the latter -- well , the tea part is right , anyway . 
  yes , it 's creepy . 
  and bullshit it 's hard to meet girls . 
  i 'm english too , and there are such things as okc to help you out . 
  facebook is not a tool to hook up with . 
  love might be a lot of things , but i do n't think it 's the conquer-all card that you 're hoping for . 
  love is n't going to choose where you live , and as you can see , you 're not going to agree with each other just for the sake of love . 
  it 's not going to get your career off the ground , or help your girlfriend to see why people who * eat vegetables * ( seriously ? ), 
  are not a bad thing . 
  this argument is n't going to go away . 
  it can be fixed , but only if you both compromise on the area that you live in , and only if you stop saying nasty things to each other . 
  clearly she feels like you wave your degree around every time you have an argument . 
  clearly , you feel like she does n't give much weight to your priorities for the job that you really want to get . 
  these things do sound fixable by lots and lots of sensible talking and adult compromise . 
  to be honest though , if you 're saying that you 're not sure that you 'd even be friends if you 'd never met , i 'm not sure that there 's going to be much of anything long term going on with you both . 
   she never wants to have a family with that much economic privilege because it 's not fair to be part of the problem . 
  i do n't really understand this mindset either ( why make things harder for yourself in life ? 
  ) , but it 's all about the way that you 're brought up and the messages that you get from childhood . 
  it 's really hard to get past it , especially with big sensitive topics like money , education and raising a family . 
  you just have to consider that this is something that you are going to be running in to over and over and over again if you want to do the big things like marriage and kids . 
  it 's a conversation you are * constantly * going to be having with her for every choice you two decide to make . 
  you just have to remember that both the presenters on top gear , and uk humour as a whole , rarely take anything too seriously . 
  pro-europe is n't pro-nationalism . 
  europe is a sensitive subject over here , and the more conservative view is * generally * ( though not always , especially when talking about businesses ) the opinion that britain should leave the eu . 
  being pro-europe is seen as being more of a left-leaning view . 
  sort of but not ... really ? 
  being in the eu is complicated and it 's about lots of different things . 
  it 's both about having autonomy as a country to make your own laws whilst also having the european union as sort of an umbrella law-maker . 
  so for instance , here in the uk , british law is that we do n't allow prisoners the right to vote . 
  ( someone correct me if i 'm wrong on scotland/wales/n . 
  ireland ? ), 
  the european union says we * should * allow prisoners the right to vote and that the uk should change our laws . 
  if someone feels that the british high courts also do n't rule correctly on a case , they can elevate it to the european courts to get a ruling turned under eu law . 
  we also have free travel and settling rights within the eu and a common market to do business , which sometimes clashes because a big political agenda over here is bringing down immigration numbers , but that 's hard to do if people are allowed to move freely around all european countries . 
  we ca n't just change our rules to ban eu migrants , because that would upset other eu countries with whom we do business , like germany and france . 
  does that make sense ? 
  it 's about communal agreements , but also about power and business and the economy too . 
  honestly , if you 'd like a good explanation of the eu and our viewpoints , i 'd recommend that you make a whole new question , because it 's a bit of a beast to explain !, 
  [ locrating ] ( http://www.locrating.com/commutingmap.aspx ) seems to have the tool you 're looking for ? 
  you pop in the city that you want , the length of time you want to commute for and it shows the stations that would work for you . 
  it seems to be merged with zoopla as well so it can show you properties available . 
  it looks like basingstoke , guildford and haslemere would be an hour for you both ? 
  what position of vulnerability is she in , exactly ? 
  she 's the one who does n't want to go and get a higher education , or move out of a bad area . 
  i 'm not a bootstraps kind of person , but when she 's got someone with her willing to move up in the world , that does n't seem like such a hard place to get out of . 
  it 's not a meme , just a little fifty word drabble headcanon thing . 
  there is a looooooooooooooooot of bucky-rediscovering-his-humanity fic out there . 
  to be honest , i 've only stayed briefly in basingstoke when i was part of a theatre tour , but i actually liked the town much more than i thought i would !, 
  everyone was friendly , the shopping was good and the house i got a room in was really really lovely . 
  other people will know it better of course , but i thought ( on the surface at least ) it was quite a nice area . 
  because different people are different and have their own personal standards of physical attraction or how they become attracted to someone . 
  just because i find one guy funny * and * cute does n't mean that i 'll find someone else funny and * therefore * cute . 
  you just feel an emotional warmth towards someone that may , or may not , turn into attraction . 
  to have a senior position in an independent school .
