  if you 're american , be american , do n't pretend to be one of us . 
  i was having a discussion about this with a neighbour of mine the other day . 
  she 's mid-fifties and has worked in the police for thirty-odd years . 
  she now works in the child abuse department so is solely on a desk job and does not do any on-the-beat shifts . 
  she still has to meet the same fitness test/bleep test standards as brand new early twenties trainee bobbies on the beat , and argues it 's an unfair standard . 
  i kind of have to agree with her . 
  couple of weeks is annoying but fine - i 've done it myself . 
  a couple of months is very rude . 
  that needs a face to face conversation . 
  yup , the last scene of aou was filmed at [ university of east anglia ] ( http://scva.ac.uk/visit ) . 
  the only person my dog has n't liked so far is my nanna who has severe dementia , so i 'd wonder what on earth they were like to skeeve him out . 
  depends where in the uk you are , but witch hunts were a big deal here in east anglia in the seventeenth century - you could see if there are any sites to do with that or matthew hopkins , the witchfinder general ? 
  if you 're okay about day trips then colchester castle has a good little exhibit in its dungeons about the witch hunts , and it 's very atmospheric too . 
  i suppose so . 
  i was thinking more of the inside of the cells and the wood of the door where it 's all worn away from prisoners hands . 
  it 's more of an atmospheric weird than an outright creepy factor . 
  probably someone with a good job , at a guess . 
  yum . 
  accept no substitutes for wotsity goodness . 
  i 'd be intimidated by someone who is famous , or a ceo or something - way too much pressure to impress . 
  i like guys who have a steady reasonable income and want to progress in their job . 
  as long as that 's taken care of then it 's just more down to their looks and personality . 
  my teddy is called benjy , and he 's a stuffed rabbit i 've had ever since i was christened . 
  he 's gone through so many washes , restitchings and mend-ups over the years he looks nothing like a cuddly toy rabbit any more , but i still love him to bits . 
  you 'd probably get more irl responses in favour of having children with a minority favouring going childfree , which is kind of the opposite in here . 
  i think aw is typical as far as relationships/marriage go , but not so much on babies . 
  i like to go back to duolingo and practice my french when i have time , but it 's really still very rudimentary . 
  same for german . 
  i 'd like to learn a bit of russian at some point and how to read cyrillic , and i 'd love to devote some time to learning italian too . 
  giving up something beautiful ? 
  op , look a bit closer at your relationship . 
  she did n't prioritise your arranged dates and turned up late , or blew you off to hang out with friends . 
  you caught her grinding on her roommate when she thought she knew you would n't be turning up that night . 
  you 'd already had a two week break where you deliberately did n't see each other . 
  i 'm sorry you got dumped , but this does n't sound like it was a very healthy relationship . 
  keep the appointment with the psychologist , get your paranoia sorted out and leave this girl behind . 
  i guess the dark haired guy on the far right next to the one with the backwards cap . 
  he 's got a nice smile and looks a bit older than the rest of them . 
  they 're all basically the same , though , to the point where it 's even hard to tell you which one i like because i ca n't adequately describe any specific differences between them all . 
  i had bronchitis once on top of a viral infection , which was * miserable * . 
  i basically spent a week in bed , slept a lot and missed out on a party that i 'd been looking forward to for a month . 
  rubbish . 
  you do n't make better friends by leaving your existing relationships and friendships in the dust . 
  there are things called priorities , and you were n't one of them . 
  if i want to see my new friends , i make sure that either their plans do n't clash with plans with old friends , or i prioritise my oldest or closest friends first . 
  think of it this way ; the people she met * after * you came first in importance to her . 
  that 's not how a healthy relationship works . 
  you could go back to the landlord , negotiate and offer to pay a pet subsidy to keep them sweet . 
  i would say though , if you do n't have an agreement for pets in writing , you 're going to have an uphill battle . 
  person of colour . 
  it depends entirely on what you want to do . 
  if you 've applied to do academic subjects than sixth form and a - levels are best . 
  if you prefer something more practical , then a college btec in a vocational subject is probably a better route . 
  i found a gorgeous new student house to rent from august , which is now off the market for us . 
  it 's really really lovely , and i ca n't wait to move in !, 
  i do n't buy weekly , but i guess i spend anywhere between # 25 - # 50 every couple of months depending on whether i need to buy new foundation/moisturiser or not . 
  i remember reading some sex scene in * black lace * about a prince sexily putting a goldfish in a womans vagina . 
  i must have been about ... twelve ? 
  now i think about it , that 's actually pretty disgusting , but back then it seemed quite exciting and naughty to read about . 
  i have * no * idea . 
  handy house dad , especially if he 's a good cook !, 
  i ca n't fix things or cook for toffee , so someone who can balance that out would be perfect for me . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that even if you did get married , sallys attitude to sex is not going to change overnight . 
  it 's not like a switch is going to get turned and sex is instantly going to become a fun , core part of your relationship . 
  that might not even happen for years . 
  i would agree with you that it 's an important part of most relationships , and you need to think long term about what you want and what she wants when it comes to intimacy . 
  yes , absolutely 100 % a dealbreaker . 
  if you do n't want to wrap it , and we 're not in an established monogamous relationship , i am not sleeping with you . 
  not going to happen . 
  they 're all connected and part of a whole , so really i would just suggest moving on to ep 2 , even just to see that final hallway fight scene . 
  if you still do n't like it after that , then it 's just not for you . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  i think my favourite so far is the winter soldier costume . 
  buckys arm is genuinely a * beautiful * design , and i loved the intricacy of all of the tiny moving plates that we get to see , and the sound design they gave it too . 
  i think they could afford to be a little more ` pretty ' on the arm balanced against the rest of his uniform and those heavy fuck-off boots . 
  it 's just a gorgeous costume all round . 
  caps stealth suit will also always be my favourite . 
  chris evans really really suits navy blue !, 
  edit : least favourite is black widow in the second half of im2 . 
  i just really do n't like her hair !, 
  it 's way too dark , especially as scarjo is naturally a blond , and it looks full of product . 
  all of her ringlets look incredibly stiff , and i know it 's because she got dressed up for a party but it just looks all wrong , and not much like the natalie rushman costumes we saw her with earlier . 
  she looks much nicer the first time we meet her in tony 's boxing ring in just the tailored office clothes . 
  they do a much nicer job with her hair in avengers and winter soldier , which also has my favourite bw costume designs . 
  i love that one too . 
  i do n't know what makes it so appealing , but for me it 's much nicer than the red suit . 
  oh yes , i * love * the asgardian costumes . 
  they 're so intricate and detailed !, 
  beautiful pieces of work . 
  i read a blog not too long ago that was analysing how asymmetric loki 's costume is when everyone else is mostly symmetrical , and what that meant for his character . 
  i am steadily resisting buying sims 4 or reloading sims3 on my laptop because i know i will waste * so much time * on it . 
  it 's wearing me down , though . 
  i 'll break soon , i just know it . 
  the house building is just so much fun !, 
  mostly my time wasting time is either spent on tumblr or ao3 . 
  all that avengers/daredevil fic goodness ... 
  i would n't join the armed services , but i 'd probably join the equivalent to an auxiliary force like the [ waaf ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/world-war-two/world-war-two-in-western-europe/britains-home-front-in-world-war-two/womens-auxiliary-air-force/ ) or [ wvs ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/ww2peopleswar/timeline/factfiles/nonflash/a6651894.shtml?sectionid=0&amp;articleid=6651894 ) in ww2 . 
  oh yeah , i definitely like that she changes her hair all the time , but i just thought her im2 bw hair was way too heavy and sticky . 
  it looked like it had * so * much hairspray in !, 
  oh nooo , that would drive me nuts !,
