  just ask , ask , ask . 
  you 'll be fine !, 
  i was asking for that one , was n't i ? 
  take it as a silly drunk game , and a compliment because they apparently all think you 're hot . 
  i love watching the parkour guys do tumbles at gymnastics . 
  it 's stunning . 
  i normally sneak glimpses at shoulders more than anything else . 
  i would probably feel imminently single , especially if nude pictures/videos were involved . 
  well it was n't exactly out in the open , was it , if he was doing it secretly ? 
  he 's cheated twice now . 
  what 's the saying ? 
  fool me once , yada yada yada . 
  because having parents in the same house who do n't trust each other and who fight is better than having two happy separate parents ? 
  you 're fine . 
  we had someone a while ago in / r/askuk who was asking where to find ` decent tea ' because all he could find in supermarkets were bags of 200 teabags for five quid . 
  that * is * our decent tea , and it 's sold in massive bags because we honestly drink that much of it . 
  a pyramid yorkshire tea teabag , fresh boiling water , a dollop of milk and a little bit of sugar is all you really ever need . 
  uh - i genuinely have no idea . 
  because you just do , i suppose ? 
  i always drink my tea with milk , unless i 'm being pretentious and having green tea . 
  i took a break from my pill about a year ago as my doctor recommended that i take a break due to the general risk of high blood pressure and blood clots . 
  i went back on it when my acne broke out again . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've gained a bit of weight , but i 'm working on it . 
  my mood has n't been affected at all . 
  my dad bought me a soundbar for christmas which is the best thing * ever * . 
  netflix sounds great now , rather than tinny on my tv , and i can bluetooth my music/downloaded series on my laptop through to it , which makes them sound amazing . 
  huh , i 've not heard that one . 
  i was on dianette which gets flagged for a larger risk , or something ? 
  i do n't know . 
  yeah , we do receipts in a jar at my pub too . 
  i only ever get bought a drink by the regulars though , never by tourists . 
  i think i 'd find it really weird if a drinker i did n't know offered to buy me one . 
  * you 're * throwing away the relationship ? 
  she was the one that sent nude photos and had phone sex behind your back !, 
  you have n't thrown away anything . 
  you 've walked very deliberately from someone who had already ruined your relationship . 
  any breed he wants , just as long as he does n't get a staffie or something with the intent to fight it or make it aggressive . 
  any dog loving man is good with me !, 
  we can walk them together . 
  edit : also , shit like this is why men have such problems with being ` alpha ' males - what 's the point in judging another bloke by his dog choice ? 
  seriously ? 
  oh he 's walking ` girly ' dogs , big fucking deal . 
  he 's got affection for another living creature . 
  oh , please do n't . 
  i do n't personally like staffies anyway , but getting one because of their reputation wo n't help anyone , least of all the dog . 
  where do you live ? 
  the kennel club has some really good events on like discover dogs to help you find a suitable breed , or put you in touch with reputable breeders who know what the dog is really like . 
  i think that 's fair enough - i would n't get a collie either because of how much training and exercise that breed needs . 
  maybe phrase it to your husband that way ? 
  that if you got a staffie , the exercise needs would be way out of kilter to what you 're doing at the moment , so you 'd have to put extra extra work in on top of what you do now , * just * to own that breed . 
  maybe try focusing less on the protection and aggressiveness qualities and more on the ` wow , look how much * training * this breed needs , that 's going to be an extra hours walk a day , etc etc etc ' discussion . 
  aggression in irish setters ? 
  admittedly i 've always owned english setters , but that 's a new one on me . 
  i do n't believe that pedigree breeding is a bad thing , unless taken to extremes , but you get that in * all * areas of pet ownership , not just pedigree breeders . 
  there are plenty of family and backyard breeders that will throw their dogs together to mate because `` the children should grow up with puppies ! '', 
  and `` they have such a lovely temperament ! '', 
  without even giving a thought about health . 
  our english cost a thousand pounds and he 's well bred , very healthy , very loved and we 're helping keeping our endangered breed numbers alive . 
  love it . 
  i also love reading slash fanfic , which there is * acres * of on places like ao3 . 
  the dinner i 'd like for that evening , any guy i might be dating at the time , stuff about my favourite celebrities , being able to laze around on a tropical holiday . 
  the usual . 
  oh , just vague ` god , they 're so dreamy ' thoughts . 
  like , i love chris evans , so i 'll just replay his adorable little [ i do n't wike it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aezu1wx.gifv ) thing in my head , or think of him in the [ captain america stealth suit ] ( http://cdn.filmschoolrejects.com/images/captain-america-winter-soldier-suit.jpg ) . 
  it 's never anything more detailed than that . 
   but if someone 's literally just doing it because they have the money and think it 's novel , without fully preparing themselves and doing the research , i tend to be wary . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  it 's especially bad when it 's one breed that gets all of the attention so their numbers explode by bad breeders and good ones get lost in the mix - like malamutes , or french bulldogs . 
  wannabee dog owners who do n't do their proper research into suitable breeds really get on my nerves . 
  i think erotica is kind of weird to write at first , but you get the hang of it pretty quickly . 
  do your research into the big anatomy no nos , of course . 
  i actually find the best/hottest erotica is all about the emotions and feelings of the people involved rather than tab a into slot b , anyway . 
  the hottest scene i remember reading did n't actually involve full sex , just a lot of grinding , but the way they wrote the characters and the huge build up to it just made it positively sizzling . 
  i quite liked pink tools when i did theatre work , mostly because there was less chance that any other nosy techies would nick them . 
  oh god , i can tell you right now that that is a test i will never , ever , ever do . 
  i could never bear to mix tea with that teaspoon ever again . 
  i think it 's a 12 mile drive into colchester ? 
  twelve or fifteen miles , i forget . 
  takes pretty much bang on twenty minutes for me , and i prefer taking the windy country road route to going the main road way . 
  with an eyeroll usually . 
  i 've also been told that i give really excellent ` are you shitting me ? ', 
  glares , which i 'm quite proud of . 
  only if you walked up to me and said `` hey , you look a bit like my mum . 
  do you want to get a drink ? '', 
  i feel like the reveal of hydra in ws is the most pivotal so far , but the 360 degree shot in avengers is the most iconic . 
  sometimes i forget that most people in this sub are male and under twenty , but then there 's always stuff like this to remind me . 
  no , no , nothing wrong . 
  deadly , drastically dull though . 
  oh please . 
  this is not high art . 
  this is not the admiration of the human body or the equivalent to greek sculpture . 
  i do n't see a little ant man on thor 's bicep or the curve of captain america 's bum , do you ? 
  i just see a little photoshopped dot on black widow 's arse , which is the most predictable , obvious version of these posters . 
  if there was a range of these posters with ant man admiring iron man 's chest , or winter soldier 's thighs , i would n't mind at all . 
  but there 's not . 
  there 's just black widow and her bum . 
  that 's why it 's dull . 
  i 'm not sure what issue i 'm making . 
  that i would like more fanmade posters popping up of ant-man perching on steve rogers as he comes out of the cryo tank ? 
  or a little ant-man sitting on thor 's beautiful ripply muscly body when he washes ?
