  stuffing something in her mouth * can * suffocate her because it blocks her airways . 
  she should n't have tried to rub damp underwear on your face ( because * seriously * ? ), 
  but you did overreact . 
  what does it really matter though ? 
  you said you 're not even bothered about whether she comes back or not , so apparently all this post is about is so you can prove you 're right . 
  i love my friend s to bits and he 's the loveliest , smartest , sweetest guy in the world , but he has the * worst * taste in boyfriends . 
  either they 're too young ( not dodgy young , just more of the feckless and inexperienced young ) , religiously conflicted ( or young and religiously conflicted ) , or they 're his self-absorbed ex who he 's been bouncing back and forth to for the last ten years . 
  i know he just wants a nice husband , but oh my god , i wish he could make better romantic choices sometimes . 
  i went to an all girls school , so the amount of ooh-they 're - all-lesbians jokes i got was ridiculous . 
  i just brushed it off , but even that little bit of teasing was pretty hurtful . 
  i ca n't imagine what lgbt teenagers really go through every single day . 
  these are amazing !, 
  i particularly love your black widow and hulk ones - really gorgeous work . 
  the falcon tag line could maybe be something like `` no wings . 
  no flight . 
  no problem . '', 
  or `` no guns . 
  no wings . 
  no problem . 
  both . 
  choice and fit are both important in looking good . 
  there 's no point buying a gorgeous suit if it 's oversized , or the trousers are way too short . 
  atheist , sort of raised c of e ( church of england ) which is basically agnostic but going through the motions anyway . 
  i never really believed in anything , but a few years ago i decided to make up my mind for certain , read a couple of things and decided i was a hundred percent atheist . 
  gymnastics , diving and equestrian sports are my favourite to watch , though canadian hockey completely rocked my little english world with just how * fast * it is . 
  i broke my wrist when i was 13 - the only thing i remember about that was that they gave me strawberry flavoured oxygen , which made me really happy . 
  my mum told me later that it turned out i was allergic to a particular anaesthetic they used and i threw up everywhere , but i really do n't remember that at all . 
  had a benign lump removed from my left breast when i was about ... fifteen ? 
  maybe sixteen ? 
  it was a day surgery and pretty scary at first , but i mostly just remember being really sleepy in recovery afterwards and on the way home . 
  that 's about it !, 
  now my boob looks like i have a one eyed smiley face . 
  i think it 's a pretty awful , shitty thing for someone to do , especially as they said he watched the service first for an hour . 
  to know that he was just so * cold * about it is awful . 
  i think american racial politics is a whole other arena entirely , which as a white english woman i 'm not going to touch with a barge pole . 
  english here , specifically the south . 
  i feel like a lot of racism here is against middle eastern and asian people - paki as a slur , lots of xenophobia against muslims and a general view ( in my parents generation ) that indian people they deal with are always somehow fiddling the books . 
  i do n't like it much , but when you 're in such a predominately white area like i am it becomes really difficult to counter those views with real - life examples . 
  i think the general view here is that america and american police have a massive problem with institutional ingrained racism . 
  i think a few people would agree with me when i say i personally see that and your crazy gun culture going hand in hand . 
  i think that 's right . 
  we do still have racism here , absolutely we do , but i would * tentatively * say that i see more xenophobia and conflicts over religion ( i forget the word ! ), 
  than racism . 
  that 's especially the case towards eastern europeans who are getting the whole ` taking our jobs ' spiel . 
  there 's a * huge * amount of prejudice here towards ethnic groups like roma or irish travellers , and i 'll sadly admit that i 'm guilty of that myself . 
  oh hey , another essex girl !, 
  i 'm from colchester too . 
  i 've been told the westfield centre car park at stratford is the cheapest you 're going to get for an all day trip to london , and you just sit on the a12 once you 've gone through ipswich to get there . 
  stratford is right on the central line too , so easy tube access to central london . 
  i 'm 30 , from the uk and about to move to norwich in about two months time to start teacher training , which is very exciting !, 
  right now i do sales for the family company , which is a good job but not where i want to be . 
  in my spare time i do dog shows with my [ english setter henry ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uhkhy4c.jpg?1 ) , read fantasy books , watch all of the marvel movies on repeat , bake delicious cakes , run ( to burn off the cakes ) , and go visit historical buildings/museums for fun . 
  i 'm single but hopeful , especially about being at a new university in a new city . 
  oh , and i spend lots of time hanging around reddit and aw too . 
  green & blacks butterscotch chocolate is divine . 
  yes , we know . 
  kenneth branagh is also an incredibly famous and well-respected shakespearean actor . 
  there 's always going to be parts i disagree with - feminism is such an undefined , wide reaching thing . 
  it 's tiny , but in daredevil 1x05 i love the poster behind matt in the police station . 
  it says something like ` you do n't need to hide your identity to be a hero ' . 
  genius little bit of set dressing . 
  travel does n't have to mean the big expensive round-the-world stuff - it also means looking around for a cheap trip to the country next door , or even seeing more of your own country . 
  i 'm lucky in that i can get a cheap flight to the continent for a couple of days , but even in the states you 've got so much to see , and every kind of environment in your own country - forest , mountains , desert , ocean , swamps , cities , snow . 
  wangle yourself a cheap trip to canada , or south america for a week !, 
  do n't make it an either-or decision . 
  you can do the normal family thing and do the travel thing too . 
  i think it 's both ? 
  i 'm sure they had choreographed charlie cox to do some parts and then rotate out with his stunt double to do the heavy duty complex moves . 
  i remember charlie saying they were running around the set to enter and exit from different doors . 
  it might not mean anything to employers , but you can sometimes transfer module credits between universities . 
  i got credits transferred from my first degree onto my open university degree , which meant i could skip a whole module and saved myself # 2500 . 
  phone up the university and ask for your academic transcript , and that will give you details of the courses you took and passed . 
  i go along anyway . 
   a friend invited me to his thirtieth party last year , and the only person i knew was him . 
  it was a massive party , at least 150 guests , but i just joined in with conversations , and there were lots of people asking each other `` so how do you know kit ? '', 
  it turned out to be a really fun night !, 
  i would n't say it impacts my life at all , in the same way that the french or german elections also do n't directly affect me , but it does take over the bbc a little bit in the final run up . 
  i like being an outside observer to your politics , just because everything is so over the top and crazy . 
  it never fails to amaze me how right wing america is - even your ( gasp !, 
  liberal socialist commie ! ), 
  democrats are the same as our centre-right conservatives . 
  no and never . 
  i do n't like guns . 
  * the song of achilles * by madeline miller . 
  it is the * most * beautiful story of achilles and patroclus from when they first met through to the battle of troy . 
  i devoured it in one sitting . 
  i 've used okcupid and match on and off for a few years now . 
  i prefer okc generally . 
  been on a few fun dates , but not found anything serious . 
  my favourite * favourite * bar in edinburgh right now is called devils advocate , and it 's a gorgeous tiny whisky bar tucked away down advocates close , just off the royal mile . 
  take a left off of the mile as you 're walking down towards st giles cathedral from the junction with george iv bridge , and it 's the second or third close ( alleyway ) off of the mile . 
  walk down it and down a couple of flights of stairs , and the bar is just to your left . 
  it 's really intimate and lovely !, 
  whistle binkies on north bridge is also great for live music , and one of my favourite edinburgh bars is the pear tree pub off of south bridge . 
  it 's got loads of outdoor seating and it 's a great place to just sit about and have a chat in the evening . 
  not at all !, 
  i love america , and holidays over there are always my favourite . 
  your politics are insane , but the people are lovely , your cities are amazing and the countryside is gorgeous . 
  why would you do that ? 
  it makes no sense , and probably sounds completely wrong .
