  i do n't find dating scary at all . 
  i 'm honestly a very average looking girl - i like how i look , but i 've never thought of myself as a ` hot ' person . 
  i 'm just really sociable and extroverted , and enjoy chatting to new people . 
  i go to places i 'm familiar with , have a glass of wine to make conversation easier and give myself an excuse to leave if i want . 
  i 've had awkward dates , dull dates and dates i can definitely tell my friends about , but i 've never had an abusive or demoralising one . 
  it sucks if that 's your experience , though . 
  do n't buy something unless you love it . 
  honestly , i 'm sure that 's saved me loads of money . 
  i always try on stuff and go `` well ... i * kind of * like it '' , but i know full well that unless i love how it looks i 'm never going to wear it . 
  so i dont buy it . 
  i 've just disabled my okc account and tried a pof one to see if i can meet a different pool of people this year . 
  so far it 's okay - i like okc 's layout much , much more , and most of the messages are just `` hey '' , but there 's one guy i 'm talking to who seems really decent . 
  i 'm not totally won over by pof , but we 'll see what happens . 
  nope . 
  i love good food . 
  you 're both grown adults and can make your own decisions about your own lives , and i think it 's lovely that you 've refound each other . 
  i 'd just be wary of jumping straight into living with each other - twenty years changes a person , and you do n't know anything about day to day life with her at all . 
  how old are her kids ? 
  uh ... yeah , you really can not just move straight into a house with kids of that age . 
  they 've never met you - how would you react at thirteen if a stranger turned up at your house one day and you got told they would be your new dad ? 
  you need to slow this way down , for their sake if nothing else . 
  well done in writing it . 
  now you need to tear it up or burn it , because she has broken up with you and she is not coming back . 
  this letter wo n't fix things - in fact , it will probably make it worse , because she is undoubtedly going to get annoyed that you wo n't leave her alone . 
  i 'm sorry she broke up with you , but honestly op . 
  you need to move on . 
  they missed a trick by forgetting a shot of the winter soldier stalking down the freeway or blowing something up . 
  uh , i generally do n't . 
  no , it 's a retelling of the bible parable of the good samaritan . 
  i found out a couple of weeks ago that apparently i prefer chypre ( sp ? ), 
  i think that means autumny-woody type perfumes . 
  i 'm still figuring it out , but my favourite in the meantime is balenciaga paris . 
  i 've got lots of different hobbies that i bounce between . 
  some are more enduring than others , but i always have things to talk about , or something on the go . 
  i 'm training to be a secondary school history teacher . 
  history teaches you how to look for bias in writing and look beyond the headlines - particuarly important in our age of soundbites , opinion columns and buzzfeed articles . 
  consider why the author is writing , what side they might be taking and what agenda they might be trying to put across , and what information they might have missed out . 
  try to read information from other side of the line , if you can - i occasionally like to balance out information in a ( left-wing ) guardian article with something from the ( right-wing/tory ) telegraph . 
  if an article provokes you , consider * why * and * how * it does that . 
  nothing is completely neutral , and you need to read absolutely everything with a grain of salt . 
  being a teacher also means you learn to get the most ridiculous amount of patience . 
  8b might be pushing your buttons on a thursday afternoon , but if you can take a deep breath and get through it , you can do bloody anything . 
  tawny man is * wonderful * . 
  you are going to cry though , i absolutely promise you . 
  it 's the most beautiful heartbreaker of a trilogy . 
  it 's very sword and sorcery style , first of all , and written in first person pov . 
  it follows a bastard orphan called fitz as he 's raised as apprentice to the assassin for a royal family , and then discovers he has a talent with influential , very addictive and damaging magic . 
  it 's very political , and the world grows much much bigger and more intricate as the series goes on . 
  he is on * holiday * !, 
  you 're already talking to him for three hours a day , and now you 're complaining that he 's not focused enough on you ? 
  of course he 's not , he 's on holiday !, 
  stop guilt tripping him , tell him to have a good time and bring you back a big present . 
  how long is he even gone for anyway ? 
  two weeks is nothing . 
  honestly op , i know you 're anxious about mexico , but you * need * to just let him enjoy the time that he 's away instead of inspiring arguments about how little he 's talking about you . 
  you 're making a rod for your own back . 
  trying to have a sincere conversation about your anxiety is also * never * going to happen while he 's drunk . 
  let him have his two weeks , back off and work on finding another outlet at home for reassurance . 
  i took the travel option , and sure , i came back a bit behind my friends , who have now mostly got mortgages and kids , but that 's * fine * . 
  i 'm not living their life and they 're not living mine . 
  i 'm now retraining and heading into the job i know i really want , and am suited to . 
  you can always catch up time you 've spent travelling . 
  it 's much harder to make time for travelling when you 've got kids and big responsibilities . 
  oh my god thank you . 
  everyone goes nuts for soulmate stuff and i just ca n't stand it . 
  i 'd like just a * little * more ust in my fic than just knowing those two will end up together because it 's * fated * . 
  okay , wow . 
  there 's criticism of an actor and then there 's just steamrollering someone for the sake of it . 
  you seriously can not dislike an actor because of the way they * breathe * , can you ? 
  most people actually use a mix of imperial and metric . 
  it confuses even us sometimes and can be age dependent . 
  my brother , who is two years younger than me , uses metric for almost everything ( except driving ) whereas i use imperial for weights and heights . 
  my parents use imperial measurements for everything . 
  op , i know you 're nervous , but also please do n't expect sex at the end of the night or even if you have a few more dates . 
  you might not get along . 
  you might just end up with a kiss . 
  you might get along really well and have a good old make out session , but she does n't want to go any further . 
  that is all * fine * . 
  please do n't push anything or think you need to end up in bed to have a good time . 
  just enjoy going to dinner with a nice girl and chalk one up to experience . 
  east anglia to be more precise . 
  have you even considered * why * she asked you to remove the friend from your list ? 
  you have constantly and consistently lied about seeing her , even * after * your gf finds out and you make apparently impossible promises not to see her again . 
  well guess what ? 
  you 've made more plans to see her again , without telling your gf , who * also * sticks by your hypocritical demand that she tells you whenever she sees male friends . 
  you 're making a train wreck out of this relationship , op . 
  stop whinging about the fact that your gf has asked you to stop seeing a friend and think about just * why * she might have a reason to do that . 
  it 's my first wake up alarm . 
  it goes off at 6.15 , i pat my bedside table and find my packet and swallow one down with some water . 
  when i worked in an office i would have it set for 9.30 so i could come in , get a cup of tea , settle down and then get reminded . 
  i used to work for my dad too - it 's seriously no big deal to just take a pill . 
  i doubt anyone would even notice . 
  10.30 am here in the uk and i 'm debating about whether to go and do my weekly shop or not . 
  it 's a surprisingly gorgeous day !, 
  shouting , stamping , hitting something , verbally swearing at or about someone in an aggressive manner . 
  in first year of uni i was assigned a flat with two girls , and ended up living with one of them for the whole three years . 
  we were pretty close and would sporadically keep in touch and see each other occasionally , and everytime we did we would talk for * forever * . 
  and then she just ... drifted . 
  she stopped answering my messages . 
  she stopped answering anyone 's messages , but i knew she was around and fine because she would put occasional photos up on facebook with her old pre-uni group of friends .
