  i think he won the hunt !, 
  what a brilliant picture :d, 
  it must be more than a year ago , but someone posted the question asking what we thought of a guy who sits alone in a cafe with a book , while eating a muffin . 
  it was such an absurd question that it 's kind of become aw legend . 
  low blow !, 
  season one was great , season two got a bit weird and season three onwards was just downright daft . 
  julian should have finished it sooner rather than later . 
  i stopped watching it after s3 . 
  costumes were great though , and good old dame maggie is marvellous as always . 
  nope , i 'm english too !, 
  i guess i 'm just really impatient maybe ? 
  but i find that even if the guy messages me first , i am always the one suggesting we swap numbers or go for a drink or whatever . 
  i 've never been asked out by them . 
  it 's maddening . 
  my ` one who got away ' was canadian , so now to me you 're all wonderful people surrounded by a rosy glow . 
  oh , and proper maple syrup is the best thing ever . 
  i wish i could get some of the good stuff here in the uk . 
  definitely rdj . 
  it 's been said a thousand times , but he really is tony stark . 
  he does all of those cool promo bits related to the character , like the boy with the iron man prosthetic arm . 
  i think he really loves playing tony . 
  chris pratt seems to have a total blast with peter quill , too . 
  she 's taking the easier option , let 's be honest . 
  you 've put an end date on the relationship . 
  she 's leaving you behind and starting a new life , and in the same way as she 's separating herself from american life , she 's withdrawing from you too . 
  she 's making the eventual end of your relationship much easier on the both of you . 
  you 're the one making it harder by trying to cling on to everything like nothing is going to change . 
  i think he also got a bit teary on the tdw red carpet when he thought it might be the last time he played that character . 
  he really seems to love being loki . 
  being able to admit when you 've done something wrong , and also knowing when to ask for help . 
  humility is a trait it takes a lot of people a * long * time to get the hang of , and it can take an equally long time for someone to damp down their pride and admit when they need some support . 
  i really admire someone when they can honestly turn around and say `` you 're right . 
  i messed up . 
  i bought a rather beautiful skagen watch today with my birthday money , which i love !, 
  i 'm nervous that i 'm still allergic to watch backs though , so i may have to try putting nail varnish on it or something . 
  i was listening to radio 4 today and they were having a discussion on the lords prayer . 
  i 'm absolutely an atheist , but we had to say the lords prayer every day at primary school , so there 's something very homely and comforting about it to me . 
  ooh that sounds cool !, 
  what are strand lights ? 
  are they like fairy lights ? 
  why would you stop yourself taking a night away with your girlfriend if her dad says no ? 
  why is he even * needing * to consider whether to give permission ? 
  why did you not just go to your girlfriend * first * and say ` sweetheart , i 'd like to take you away for your birthday . 
  can you book time off ? '', 
  it 's her birthday !, 
  i definitely think it would be worth giving a day each to cambridge and bath . 
  they 're beautiful cities , and you may be able to go around some of the cambridge colleges . 
  it 's only a short train trip from london , too . 
  i usually do something like 20 minutes on the treadmill , then 10 mins rowing . 
  free weights ( 3 sets of 8 or 10 reps ) for arms and some chest exercises , then 10 minutes on the low bike . 
  finish off with 5/10 mins stretching to cool down . 
  i like my cardio but i 'm really enjoying adding in dumbbell exercises . 
  i used to do a lot of bodyweight work and i do miss that . 
  i 'd like to get back to adult gymnastics classes at some point . 
  i took my dog for a lovely walk with my friend and her dog and puppy . 
  we just managed to dodge the raindrops too !, 
  he 's twenty seven years old . 
  he 's big enough and ugly enough to make his own life choices . 
  you 've shared your own little bits of wisdom with him - now let go of the reins , stop trying to mother him into adulthood and let him figure it out himself . 
  yeah , it sucks , your friend is a bit of a moocher . 
  sorry about that . 
  you really just need to live with it . 
  obsession ? 
  he goes there for an hour once a day . 
  that 's the same amount of time that plenty of people spend at the gym !, 
  leave the boy alone . 
  he 's not doing anything out of the ordinary . 
  well , it depends . 
  i tend to vote left because i 'm more pro-europe , pro-unions and issues like the nhs and education matter to me . 
  my mum is very tory , very anti-europe , and anti-union . 
  i 'm pretty sure she voted ukip in the last election . 
  so we clash massively on the political agenda . 
  my favourite historical lady that i found out about last week was [ henrietta howard , countess of suffolk ] ( http://laurapurcell.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/ca-1720-henrietta-hobart-3.jpeg ) . 
  ( come on . 
  is n't that outfit just fantastic ? ), 
  she married for love in 1709 at age 17 ( her parents had both died ) , but her husband turned out to be a drunkard , an adulterer and a gambler . 
  she was left completely penniless - so much so that she sold her hair to try to cover her debts . 
  it was n't enough . 
  she pulled together the money to go to the georgian court , and managed to become lady of the bedchamber , and mistress to the future king , george ii . 
  when he died , she was granted a pension which allowed her to live in comfort , and she married again for love . 
  by all accounts , apparently she was a very witty , well-read woman , and she managed to keep herself on top all the way through life , despite pretty much all the cards being stacked against her . 
  i think she 's brilliant . 
  really ? 
  so women , generally in the caretaker roles of society like mothers , teachers , social workers , and nurses , do n't care about societal problems , and could n't possibly lean more socialist than men ? 
  i 'm home this week and have had to leave the room twice when the news was talking about doctors strikes and the pro-europe campaign . 
  i get along with my parents and i * really * do n't want to argue politics with them !, 
  they wo n't listen to my opinions on anything political or current affairs . 
  english and history . 
  i loved helping out with the drama club , too . 
  great , thank you !, 
  i just got to the scene in the hospital where steve confirmed it with natasha too ( `` i bet you knew fury hired those pirates , did n't you ? '', 
  `` well , it makes sense . '' ), 
  getting regular haircuts . 
  i had a hairdresser telling me how lots of her friends get obsessive over their makeup being just right , but just let their hair do whatever . 
  hair is called ` crowning glory ' for a reason . 
  if you get it cut and styled just right , it makes an instance difference to the shape of your face and how you get perceived . 
  otherwise getting fit , going to the gym , getting regular beauty treatments like facials and manicures , and learning what styles of clothes fit you best and how to do your makeup . 
  i like to go for the [ matt murdock approach ] ( http://i59.tinypic.com/72gdmt.png ) . 
  he 's spent his whole life having no choice about what happens to him , and gets forced to do the most awful things , but in the end he 's always trying so hard to be a good man . 
  there 's a huge amount to admire about bucky , both in the mcu and the comics .
