  she 'd had two previous children already removed to be cared for by family members . 
  the father was n't in the picture to provide additional care . 
  she was at risk of psychotic episodes , enough for her to * disassemble when going into labour * . 
  she had no other support network in the uk . 
  if something * did * happen to baby in the future , would you still argue that weekly visits were pre-emptively sufficient ? 
  look , social workers do n't walk into a situation , see a parent making mistakes and remove the child . 
  baby snatching * is not a thing * . 
  for one , they are not even legally able to remove children from care on their own . 
  social workers need a court order and a police presence to remove children from their environments , and if your situation has gone all the way to the courts then i think we can agree it 's pretty damn serious . 
  i 'm not saying by any means that social workers do n't make mistakes . 
  of course they do . 
  however , as someone who has worked previously in the first response team of a large county council with a parent who is a social worker , i can tell you categorically that they do n't just swan about putting yes/no by a parents name and removing children for the hell of it . 
  it 's a * long * , drawn out process . 
  also , i do n't agree with you that social workers should only respond to actual abuse and existing neglect . 
  if you 've got , for instance , a drug addicted prostitute with no money , no real home and no family connections who has already had two or three children removed , should the fourth baby be allowed to stay ? 
  even if said drug addicted prostitute is only having a baby for the first time , if she 's got no real home , no support network and a risk of narcotics available would you * really * leave a baby in her care ? 
  i would n't . 
  honestly ? 
  i 'm a total geek , so discuss fan theories of popular films/books with me . 
  if i met a guy who wanted to talk about the true motives of albus dumbledore , or the cool after credits sequence in thor 2 and how it leads into the next avengers movie , i will be honest to god putty in their hands . 
  i 'm attracted to actors and entertainers . 
  i like witty , charming men who can talk a tale , and who understand how to enunciate their words properly . 
  i 've got friends who have married farmers and are blissfully happy , but it 's not for me . 
  it 's hardly difficult to get on to . 
  him : so what books/movies do you like ? 
  me : oh god , i * love * harry potter . 
  i 'm a bit of a fan . 
  him : oh me too !, 
  is n't [ character ] cool ? 
  the way you never knew what they were up to . 
  me : so cool !, 
  i love the way she wrote it , so complex , blah blah blah blah . 
  him : so what books/movies do you like ? 
  me : well , i went to see thor 2 the other week and loved it . 
  him : oh me , too !, 
  did you see the end credits bit ? 
  me : yes !, 
  with the collector ? 
  is n't that the lead in to the next few films ? 
  him : yeah !, 
  because [ character ] does this , which goes on to [ xxx ] blah blah blah blah . 
  see ? 
  easy . 
  and i will love talking about it . 
  the hollow crown , henry iv parts 1 and 2 and henry v . this gif specifically is from henry iv part 1 where tom plays prince hal . 
  it was a bbc drama production made last year and it 's * beautiful * . 
  you can download it from itunes . 
  it 's the hands , is n't it ? 
  it 's * definitely * the hands for me . 
  that 's the one !, 
  this one is from henry iv part 1 . 
  it 's a wonderful , wonderful production and tom is just stunning in his loooovely leather jackets and codpieces . 
  yes . 
  oh my god is n't he amazing ? 
  the court scene where he relinquishes the crown just kills me , especially his ` bucket speech ' . 
  he 's such a fabulous actor . 
  i knowwwww . 
  i keep watching and watching ... 
  yup , same . 
  i 'm almost thirty and crushing like a fifteen year old , and i * just ca n't stop * . 
  oh hahahaha , nothing super complex !, 
  i just meant about most peoples impressions of dumbledore being such a nice , fatherly old man who just wants to defeat voldemort and save the world , and actually he 's doing it by , as snape said , fattening a pig ( harry ) for slaughter and just insisting that everyone - sirius , snape , harry - does what he wants without * actually * telling them why . 
  i love action/adventure best , so my favourites for a night in are :, 
  avengers assemble, 
  iron man 1/2/3, 
  inception, 
  thor, 
  lord of the rings trilogy ( extended editions , natch ), 
  mission impossible 3, 
  dark knight rises, 
  i rewatched kiss kiss bang bang just the other night !, 
  ** such ** a good film . 
  umm . 
  broad shoulders . 
  short hair . 
  hairy chests . 
  tends to like gadgets . 
  that 's about it . 
  maybe he meant `` society '' instead ? 
  apart from the spiralling drug use , his inability to hold down a job , you piling on credit to pay for him , your complete codepency on each other ... 
  you broke up once . 
  you took him back once . 
  it did n't work . 
  you said it yourself , the cycle is repeated again . 
  what makes you think that in one whole month he 's changed everything about himself when he could n't do that over three years ? 
  do n't go back . 
  do n't put yourself through it again . 
  keep away from him , sort out your credit and * stay clean * . 
  he 's not worth the alternative . 
  sounds like it 's a good thing she 's your ex . 
  look , different girls like different things . 
  some like what trp calls ` alpha male ' - big , drinks beer , plays sports , has little to no emotions , wins everything , burps plenty . 
  others , like me , like artistic gentlemen . 
  well dressed , eloquent , well read , witty , wants to talk books and theatre and all those good cultural things . 
  some like massive geeks , some like muscle men . 
  plenty like everything in between . 
  the trick is finding the right girl who likes those things who also likes * you * . 
  just be confident in yourself - do n't try and adapt yourself to what someone else wants . 
  you 'll never be happy that way . 
  if she preferred more stereotypical ` manly ' men , that 's cool .
