  you do n't want to be the class ` swot ' or the best at sports or the richest or the flashiest , because you will have the piss taken out of you mercilessly . 
  trying to move up the social ladder is seen as trying too hard ; see hyacinth bucket ( bouquet ) or even all of the media articles about carol middleton trying to move up the social ladder when kate and wills married . 
  it 's almost better to be * lower * down the social scale in some ways ( though never too low ) because then you 're more ` real ' . 
  hotels might be expensive but have you looked at hostels instead ? 
  or even just talk to her about crashing on her sofa instead of her room . 
  i actually had almost this same situation happen to me a few years ago ; i live in england , worked on a cruise ship for a time and made plans with four friends while onboard to visit them all in montreal on x date for ten days . 
  booked the flights there and then . 
  five days before x date , every single one of them cancelled on me and said they would n't be in town . 
  holy crap . 
  so , i figured i 'd rather be in montreal than at home being bored , picked a random cheap hostel and booked it and went out for my holiday . 
  i only saw one of my friends but i had an amazing time and never regretted it for a moment . 
  just go , and make it an adventure on your terms . 
  so you broke up , he thinks you ` slept ' with some guy and is still pissed at you about that ? 
  and you think you have to rebuild his trust ? 
  what about ? 
  you * were n't together * . 
  he has got absolutely no reason not to trust you or feel ` safe ' with you ( um , wtf ) , because you * did n't do anything * . 
  he is understandably stressed about his dad , and that 's fine , but when he 's more emotionally together you need to talk to him about this . 
  you do n't have to tell him what actually happened if you do n't feel up to it , of course , but him holding this against you is complete bull . 
  well , seeing as your choice is currently hotel or nothing , yeah . 
  you kinda are . 
  beggars ca n't be choosers after all . 
  also , a * month * ? 
  i 'd stick around for a week in her town then go for a roadtrip somewhere else ( hostelling or couchsurfing ) for the other three weeks before you fly back out again . 
  a month is a hell of a long time in one place . 
  as another brit who was amazed by them in the us , we just drink beer from the bottles and wine by the glass . 
  i always assumed they were just created by hollywood for american pie films . 
  it was quite cool to actually drink from them at parties i went to . 
  ah edinburgh student parties , where we ran out of wine glasses and served it in flower vases and tea light holders instead ... 
  our drinking games tend to be playing card based . 
  or truth and dare sort of things . 
  and i 've heard of beer pong , but truthfully i have no idea how you actually play . 
  i got taken to a band/colour flag competition once when i travelled to texas , if that counts . 
  it was definitely ... unique . 
  it 's a pretty fair profile in all , though i was a bit taken aback when the first three pages of your questions okc showed me were all about sex . 
  for someone who 's a no-sex-before-marriage guy you come across as strangely fixated by it . 
  maybe see what balance of questions you 've got showing up . 
  the six word autobiography thing is kind of odd , to be honest . 
  sure it 's a good hook for girls to message you about , but it does n't actually * tell * me anything about you . 
  you actually do want to take the six questions question a * bit * more literally . 
  i know you were trying to go the other way , but you 've gone too far the other way and it 's all a bit ambiguous now . 
  you could n't live without a bit of tarmac going off into the distance ? 
  yeah , your private thing is n't really private at all . 
  put something just a bit more confessional and interesting . 
  the winky face photo is bad . 
  just bad . 
  sure it shows your face , but shows us a really really awful face . 
  take it out , the other ones you 've got are pretty good . 
  mmmm it 's a good profile and the photos are really nice , but it is a bit long winded . 
  you could probably cut half of what you 've got in the ` about me ' part and not miss it . 
  the bit abount your memory does n't actually need to be there , or can be condensed into one line of `` i 've got a weird-ass wonky memory - great at faces , rubbish at names and inclined to remember things that are only good for pub quizzes '' . 
  you can probably also cut everything after ` spend an evening ' in the last paragraph too . 
  ` what i 'm doing ' has a really good answer . 
  dinosaur training , awesome !, 
  your movies/tv section does feel a bit long , which i know is a bit harsh as i can see how much you 've condensed it already . 
  i do n't think you necessarily need the ` what i 'm currently reading ' paragraph , tbh . 
  the ` message me if ' section is a bit long too . 
  take out two or three of the ` you like ' bits , and the selfie photo line is unnecessary . 
  it just makes it end on a snobbish note . 
  sure , hit me up . 
  i do reasonably well , but any outside opinions would be nice ( : http://www.okcupid.com/profile/preedee, 
  agreed with this - you said yourself you were questioning the relationship and you were probably going to break up anyway . 
  do n't let guilt rush you into bad decisions . 
  just view it as a clean break and enjoy being single for a while . 
  this is going to be a bit blunt , if you do n't mind . 
  i read your profile and mostly i 'm coming away from it with a lot of promises and the impression of quite an insular guy who likes to complain about what other people do . 
  you say that you 're funny , but you 're not making me laugh here . 
  it 's not a funny profile , it 's a list-y wordy kind of profile that talks a lot about what you wo n't do for dates and how , basically , you 're desperate to find a girlfriend . 
  it pretty much needs a re-write . 
   too often do i see profiles on here list their traits and personality out like a resume , and i would prefer to not think of you the same way i would a job application . 
  that 's a really really odd note to start on . 
  bitching someone elses profile out does kind of make you seem like a bitch . 
  how does that attract a girl ? 
  get rid of it . 
   i try to live my life each day at a time , and make every experience different . 
  when i was younger i was told `` do n't ever wish for more things in life , or for better circumstances . 
  make the best out of what you have , and be happy you have anything at all . '', 
  i 've tried to follow that to this day , and i feel like i 'm a better person because of it . 
  okay , well , great , but that does n't actually tell me anything about you . 
  what does living your life to the full actually involve ? 
   just because i do n't have all of the time in the world , does n't mean i ca n't make some for those who are important to me . 
  i work two jobs , so if you 're someone who needs me to be around 24/7 , i ca n't be that guy . 
  but i can see you a few times a week , make every one of those times count , and text you when i 'm not with you . 
  do n't make excuses for yourself . 
  make this paragraph a positive thing , not a `` i 'll squeeze in time for you , i promise ! '', 
  i think this bit needs to be changed to explain what the jobs are that you do instead . 
   i 'm not outwardly nerdy however , so if you 're someone who does n't enjoy those things , i 'll never bring up a conversation about han shooting first around your friends and embarrass you . 
  ( do n't worry ), 
  so you 're a nerd but you 're not a nerd ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  get rid of it . 
   when it comes to dates , i like to be spontaneous and hate the old `` let 's just go to a dinner and a movie '' that feels like it 's been around since the invention of cinema . 
  it 's okay every once in a while , but i would prefer not to do that on every date and especially a first date . 
  why are you complaining about kinds of dates when you 're trying to attract a girl ? 
  do n't bitch about what you do n't want to do , talk about what you do want to do and what 's fun for you . 
  complaining is n't attractive . 
   i work two jobs and hang out with my friends . 
  when i 'm not doing those things i 'm browsing reddit , playing video games , smoking hookah , or critiquing movies . 
  so basically you sit around inside all day in front of a screen ? 
  that does n't sound like much fun .
