  do n't ever , ever rent with grant management in edinburgh . 
  they will rip you off something shocking , and do it to generations of students . 
  really . 
  just google them , and do n't go anywhere near them . 
  edinburgh flats are beautiful , they really are , but they do tend to be single glazed so they can get cold in the winter . 
  check to see whether you 're on a pay as you go gas meter or get monthly bills . 
  pay as you go tends to be much more expensive . 
  find out how many people you 'll be living with and what they 're doing . 
  a flat full of students does n't pay council tax . 
  if you 're a professional this wo n't be the case , unless you 're living on your own in which case you get a discount . 
  you can get great flats right in the very centre of the city . 
  the old town ( marchmont , south bridge , the meadows ) will probably get you the best deals as they 're very popular student areas . 
  leith is lovely and quite up and coming , but a little more out of the way of the centre . 
  the 22 bus runs up and down to it every ten minutes . 
  the new town costs more , but i could rent there as a student and live in a divine flat for two years , so it is worth looking at . 
  gumtree.co.uk is actually a really good resource for finding spare rooms in edinburgh and i had a lot of success with it when i lived there , so do have a look . 
  you 'll probably have to pay a months rent as a deposit and then another month upfront , so you 'll probably need somewhere around # 700 to get yourself started . 
  edinburgh is one of the most beautiful places in the world to live ( though i might be a bit biased ... ) and you 'll have a blast . 
  i lived there for four years and go back most years for the fringe , so if you 've got any questions ask away . 
  technically t-mobile and orange have now merged under everything everywhere , so you 'll only find ee stores around now , and i think you can only buy under the ee brand . 
  i 'm british and we do n't do baby showers at all , so i do n't particularly like them . 
  a superstitious part of me sincerely dislikes celebrating a baby who has n't been born yet , especially when you 're buying presents for that baby . 
  what happens if something goes wrong with the pregnancy or birth ? 
  it would be beyond horrible to have all of these unused happy presents around . 
  for weddings i 'd buy a wedding gift , but i would n't buy an engagement gift and i would n't buy a separate gift for the hen party . 
  i 'd also not expect any of those things from my friends . 
  my brother was honestly quite surprised when he received an engagement gift from my parents as he was n't expecting anything at all . 
  i 'm not local , but it looks like it 's full of housing for pensioners ( bungalows with ramps for disabled entrance ) and council houses , which are houses rented for extra low rates for those on low or no income . 
  you can tell that they 're more likely to be council as the gardens are mostly either paved or overgrown , the houses are really very uniform , not at all neat , and one front garden even has a pub bench in it !, 
  where you get clusters of council houses you tend to get increased rates of crime . 
  i 've been single for about four years now so yeah , i 'm dating around and i 'd like to find something more serious . 
  i 've got loads going on in my life and i do n't mind being single at all - i 'm pretty independent so it suits me fine - but it would be nice to have a partner around too . 
  are you me ? 
  i 'm exactly the same . 
  single and sort of not really maybe kind of a little bit looking . 
  to be fair , this is a balance to all of the `` tell me the lovely things your so does ! '', 
  threads . 
  of which there are a lot . 
  so it 's not like we 're all turning into bitter jaded old women - this is just sort of a single and not looking refuge post . 
  eh a friend of mine does this and quite happily admits to it too . 
  it seems a little strange to me , since i 'm used to dating struggling artists , but it works for her and we all have a laugh about it . 
  well i 've done it before , and a third just to see how it went and because he genuinely was a nice bloke , but i broke it off after that . 
  i could n't bear just being ` polite ' anymore , and i doubt i 'll do it again . 
  england here . 
  simple . 
  it 's just - simple . 
  i need to renew my pill prescription ? 
  i phone up the doctor surgery at 8am , get a morning appointment for 9:10 or something , go down the doctors , wait around a bit until 9:20 , go see my gp , talk for five minutes and have my blood pressure taken , get given a repeat prescription , walk out , go down the chemists and hand in the form , do n't pay anything since they get classed under contraception even though i take them for my skin , and get my pills for the next six months . 
  if i feel unwell or have a weird lump turn up that i 'm not sure about i do the exact same thing , except i might have to pay # 7.25 for a prescription fee . 
  i know the nhs can be more difficult when it comes to scheduling operations , and the local hospital can be disorganised enough to cancel appointments without actually * telling * anyone ( as happened to me 84 year old nanna before ) . 
  but in general once you are actually on a ward the care is very good and the nurses are n't trying to get rid of you or kill off the elderly just to get more bedspace . 
  the dentists is a little different just because i do pay for treatments and the hygienist , but in that case i book an appointment ( mostly a couple of months in advance unless it 's urgent ) , go get seen and have whatever work done , pay # 40ish on the way out . 
  i can not imagine living in a country where having treatment can bankrupt you , you 're too nervous to arrange a routine appointment just in case you ca n't afford it , or families need to hold charity fundraisers to pay for an operation for their child . 
  that 's just awful . 
  ** only ** have to pay a few thousand for an appendix removal ?? 
  as a brit , that whole sentence is just horrifying . 
   long story short , my parents never struggled with hospital debt . 
  it 's just another expense that insurance mostly took care of . 
  but surely you should n't have to be in debt because life happened and your family damaged their bodies , whether you struggle with money or not ? 
  i understand being in debt because i bought too many handbags with my credit card . 
  i ca n't understand being in debt because some part of me went wrong , which i have * zero * control over . 
  also , just because america throws some money at companies who make new things does n't mean the rest of us ca n't talk about how appalling we think your system is . 
   personally i dont have a problem with anyone with a medical problem being treated with dignity and respect in a british hospital , you can have my money . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm quite happy for people to use my tax money to get healthy again and go on to live long lives , no matter where in the country they live or how they live . 
  i know full well that when * i * need it , other people will have paid in to support me . 
  a few very short term relationships have happened in between . 
  i 'm now 28 . 
  but surely you do n't have control over your money even when you pay your big expensive insurers . 
  it 's not like that money goes into a little pot on a shelf allocated just for you to claim back . 
  your money goes to paying * other claimers * expenses . 
  their money pays back your insurance claims . 
  you really are just paying for other people under a big name with a logo . 
  because when it comes to you ( or your family ) needing treatment , those other people will also be paying for you . 
  i. . . can not comprehend those amounts of money for one person 's treatment . 
  my nanna had a fall ( possibly a fit but they 're not sure ) , was also in the hospital for a week and a half , and paid absolutely nothing . 
  i 'm english and i have changed career path twice already , ( and i 'm 28 ) including working freelance in backstage theatre work for four years . 
  i have never , not once , considered the impact of my career on how i access my healthcare . 
  it 's just not even part of the equation . 
  i would put it . 
  if it 's good experience and would help your application , then go for it . 
  i 'd probably list it like :, 
  ** sept 2013 onwards ( or ) sept 2013 - present . 
  super cool university job ** - best admin ever, 
  placement confirmed to start with this prestigious university doing fun things in a busy office environment . 
  duties include etc etc etc, 
   have to review imdb parents guide for any movie/tv show and not allowed to watch if any female nudity . 
  i. . . what ? 
  seriously ? 
  a thirty year old woman effectively puts childsafe filtering on your * tv watching * ? 
  and you let her ? 
  seriously dude . 
  saying this as a 28 year old woman , let her break up with you . 
  and then go enjoy the strippers . 
  i do n't like dating younger than me at all . 
  more than a year younger makes me iffy and absolutely no more than two . 
  i 'll go up to ten years older . 
  it takes ages to walk to , but it is * so * worth it . 
  also , the scottish highlands . 
  they 're exquisite and so beautiful .
