  yeah , i definitely think the choice to hide bucky in wakanda gives a great political jumping off point for bp . 
  a new king harbouring a wanted international terrorist is not generally seen as a good thing !, 
  great fights , makeup is amazing , kind of forgettable and not in it long enough . 
  the upvote lines are randomly generated , so no way of choosing them . 
  exactly . 
  they did n't even have to bring him back to wakanda at all - it was n't like there was any dialogue with t'challa about giving them refuge . 
  it could have ended with bucky and steve flying the plane and talking about where they would start a new life or something . 
  i definitely agree that it 's a setup for bp . 
  i was a bit surprised that he would choose to do that , but it makes sense in the ` i 'm too dangerous to exist ' kind of way . 
  i think it 's a definite set up to use bucky as a plot device in black panther , though . 
  t'challa harbouring a wanted international terrorist will ruffle a few feathers !, 
  the final scene of gotg where peter is reading his mum 's last letter . 
  he looked so sad , and like he missed her so much . 
  matt fraction 's * hawkeye * run . 
  it 's genius !, 
  he won an award for using sign language in the comic too , and it just flows so beautifully . 
  i think it 's definitely my favourite version of the character . 
  i 'm loving the latest black widow series as well - totally forgotten the artist , but it 's beautiful !, 
  ed brubaker 's * winter soldier * is perfection . 
  i 'm so glad that the mcu is using brubaker 's bucky so well . 
  i used to love transmetropolitan when i was younger , especially all of the detail that they packed into the background panels . 
  op 's preferences about children or puppies actually have nothing to do with this . 
  it could be a question about playing on sister 's exciting new game console and still have the same impact . 
  op 's sister is overwhelmed with new responsibilities , and now she 's got op just turning up on her doorstep to hype up her puppy and do absolutely nothing in return , when she apparently never used to come around at all . 
  it 's the fact that op said she used to just meet her sister at their parents house , entertain nephew for a bit and then go home . 
  all of a sudden she 's turning up constantly at sister 's house , whenever it 's convenient for her , * just * for the exciting new thing , while sister is over there in the corner , * also * handling two heavy new responsibilities . 
  if my brother found out i had a new bike/console/tv / whatever and kept dropping by to play with it when i 'm running around like a loon with an 8 month old , i 'd be really super pissy too . 
  op could offer to walk the dog , or groom the dog or scoop up poo from the garden , or make them all some lunch as a way to help out . 
  she could do * anything * to help . 
  she 's not . 
  she 's just turning up , making the puppy all excited with playtime , maybe giving nephew a cuddle and then drifting off again . 
  that 's not fair to sister at all . 
  because it affects minds , i think . 
  i 'm not sure of the exact reasoning , but in the comics steve uses the tessaract to restore all of bucky 's memories , good and bad . 
  yes , i am . 
  i forgot the mind stone was the yellow one . 
  i did just that . 
  saw it at half eight friday night , came straight back out and saw it again on saturday evening . 
  it 's so dense ( in a good way ! ), 
  and repeat viewings are a must . 
  the tv spots give you a vague idea of what happens in the first and second act , but not the third act , and the definitely do n't give you the whole picture . 
  i 'd still try not to see them though . 
  it 's a better film for going in completely blank . 
  bucky does n't get all of his memories back . 
  he 's just retelling steve what zemo had asked him , which had only been a couple of hours before . 
  i do agree that you have to be a little bit hand - wavy about bucky recalling exact mission specifics , but it 's not like a huge memory dump . 
  also , sebastian stan had said that the backpack bucky had was full of notebooks with his memories in . 
  so he 's clearly been remembering more and more over the years . 
  haha yeah !, 
  i was thinking ` he looks really familiar ... ', 
  there 's a quick shot of zemo pulling out a box of files in the bunker that has the right date on . 
  i figured the video footage was in there ? 
  one arm and a short metal stump covered with some kind of black cap or cloth . 
  he 's still got the metal connections attached . 
  rdj , chadwick and sebastian all give really great performances . 
  daniel bruhl is outstanding . 
  bucky and falcon are scene stealers for sure , but absolutely everybody gets their little moment , right down to hawkeye . 
  wanda is super cool . 
  i loved zemo , and thought he was a perfect subtle villain . 
  i ca n't decide yet whether i still like ws more ( i think i do ) but imo this is better than avengers assemble and guardians . 
  it 's much more hard hitting , especially the third act . 
  he infiltrated it by finding out who the real psych guy would be , kidnapping him and then ( i 'm assuming ) using his pass to gain access . 
  he uses a delivery company for the emp , and i 'm just hand waving that he picked one that allows you to choose the time of delivery . 
  he stalled the questioning until he got the automated delivery message and then set it off . 
  for them to both be at siberia ? 
  he deliberately asked bucky about the other winter soldiers ( from the decrypted hydra files ) so cap would know what he was after and that there was something dangerous he needed to stop . 
  i 'm guessing he assumed that wherever cap went with bucky , tony would follow to kill or capture bucky . 
  oh yeah , he was great was n't he ?? 
  i love that he did n't even * try * to face the avengers himself , he just set it all up in the background so they would tear each other apart . 
  he knew exactly which buttons to press , and blaming it all on bucky meant that no one would even question what happened at the un . 
  it 's a brilliant plot device . 
  oh you 're right !, 
  yes , so zemo made doubly sure that tony would follow them to siberia , either through pursuing bucky to capture him , or through figuring it out and going after zemo himself . 
  clever boy !, 
  i think steve and bucky ( or even just bucky ) are the only ones staying in wakanda . 
  i have no idea where wanda or natasha would go , but i 'm fairly certain scott and clint would go back to their families and stay low . 
  it 's not as memorable as the ws soundtrack , but i really really like siberian overture , closure and cap 's promise . 
  siberian overture in particular is so * creepy * . 
  i do n't think choosing to kill one of the team would have made any more impact than the way it ended . 
  the team is split up , which is the * one thing * tony was trying to avoid . 
  he ca n't trust vision any more . 
  wanda will have gone back to hating him , even though she was starting to trust him . 
  clint no longer trusts him and is in hiding . 
  rhodey is medically out of the team , and is the one person left in the world that tony can trust to be his friend . 
  there is now no more avengers , and tony knows it . 
  i honestly can not see how killing a character would have added more gravitas . 
  it 's only cap 's team in prison . 
  spidey was on tony 's team , and tony told him to get out of the battle once he 'd been bashed up a bit . 
  scotts there because he was helping to aid and abett two wanted criminals ( cap and bucky ) . 
  you 'll probably want to spoiler tag all of that - this is a no spoiler thread . 
  one of my friends does that . 
  everyone single one of his exes ( apart from when we were flirting ) is tall , blond and blue eyed . 
  i swear he just picks the same girl over and over . 
  it 's actually quite entertaining . 
  word streak . 
  my housemate and i have ongoing tournaments with that game and it 's stupidly addictive . 
  she keeps winning too , which i 'm really annoyed about . 
  it 's just boggle on a mobile , but i ca n't stop playing !, 
  bonsai blast is also stupid and i hate it way too much to put it down . 
  he never bombed the un , it was all zemo .
