  i had the most ridiculously fun time , * and * treated myself to tickets for a brand new cirque du soleil show on my last night in town . 
  best . 
  holiday . 
  ever . 
  i always close the door , no matter whether it 's just me in the house or not . 
  i ca n't help myself . 
  it has to be shut . 
  i usually lock it too , but that 's just automatic muscle memory to close the door and turn the lock . 
  four years ? 
  three or four , i forget . 
  honestly , it was completely underwhelming and pretty average , which sucked . 
  i was hoping for something more fun . 
  waiting for the 15th of february , which is half price chocolate day and the best day of all . 
  i wore a floor length navy blue sequined gown to my cousins wedding on new years eve , so i 'd say wedding receptions , especially winter ones , would suit a dress like that nicely . 
  i convinced my history teacher to show a clip of star trek : voyager in class because the holodeck scenes had them running around fighting alien nazis . 
  still cringing , oh god . 
  i honestly ca n't remember !, 
  possibly ? 
  i 'm sure she ca n't have let it go on for more than ten minutes or something , but i 'm still * so * embarrassed . 
  i 'm on there , but only sporadically . 
  like you said , there are so many more men on sites that when you log on and your profile pops up as active , you get * so many * messages thrown at you . 
  it 's like going out for a walk when you think it 's just drizzling and stepping out into a thunderstorm instead . 
  overwhelming . 
  i can only do it for so long . 
  parents make the rules until you 're old enough to be paying your own way . 
  she pays the mortgage , so she gets to choose who is allowed access to your room . 
  if you want to have sex , find a boyfriend with more easy going parents . 
  turning 16 does n't suddenly mean you get to do everything your way , i 'm afraid . 
  large breasts are , quite literally , a pain in the neck . 
  i 'm a g , and i 've seriously considered reduction surgery plenty of times . 
  i 'll probably end up doing it later on in life when i have more cash spare . 
  how do you honestly know they 're not giving her back problems ? 
  i have constant low grade back aches and shoulder ache , which i do n't even bother mentioning because it 's just * always there * . 
  tops are a total arse to buy , because lots of manufacturers design for smaller chested women , so they never really sit quite right . 
  bra buying is a * nightmare * , especially when you have a smaller ribcage . 
  any jumpers that are even slightly lose drape off of the boobs and make your silhouette look twice as big . 
  have you ever just held her boobs in your hands ? 
  get her to stand up , and hold the weight of her boobs like a bra would . 
  how long can you do it for before your arms start aching ? 
  that is what a bra does all day , and * that 's * the weight pulling on her shoulders and back all day , every day . 
  not fun , is it ? 
  i expect she does want it done for cosmetic reasons , yes , but is that really such a bad thing ? 
  tell her you love her , and you 'll love her regardless of her boob size , but otherwise i 'd recommend you just let her decide what she wants to do with her body . 
  why would i care who a random guy marries ? 
  his choice , not mine . 
  i really could not care less who other people sign legal documentation with . 
  when you say ` rooming ' , do you literally mean sharing a room , or just sharing a flat ? 
  if it 's the former , yeah , that would be weird . 
  if it 's the latter , girls and guys are flatmates together all the time without a problem . 
  have you actually met this guy , or are you just assuming he 's a massive perv ? 
  i think i 've had two dates that have given me flowers ? 
  i think it 's very sweet , and i do go on a lot of dates . 
  one of them definitely gave them to me on the first date after we went back to our cars , and i think the other guy brought them on the second . 
  i 'll freely admit i 'm a bit of a chatterbox and i like the guy to ask me things , but i 'd like conversation levels to be even . 
  i 'm english , so , tea . 
  i 'm a walking stereotype . 
  your ridiculous crazy amounts of pharmaceutical advertising always baffles me . 
  oh , and the five minutes of disclaimer about how this wonder product could kill you or dissolve your insides in new and crazy ways . 
  also , your insistence that your politicians need to be religious , or at least spiritual . 
  it 's so * weird * . 
  our politicans ( uk ) generally steer away from being labeled as bible bashers , and there 's very few of them that you 'll find admitting to be any kind of religion . 
  david cameron is one exception , but even then he never really mentions it . 
  seriously ? 
  i think the suffragettes might have a word or two to say about that . 
  i 'd maybe argue that it 's not so much that we 're not comfortable with religious variations , but * generally * in england ( i 'm deliberately excluding n.i and scotland in this , because i know / u/lizziedane is ni ) we 're just generally apathetic towards all of it . 
  brits just do n't care about religion , whether it 's in baptist , catholic or church of england format , and we generally regard anyone who is vocally christian with a bit of a ` well you 're a strange one ' side-eye . 
  the insistence on the need for * more guns * after each shooting is the thing that truly baffles me . 
  like , okay , someone had a gun for a bad reason ( or no reason ! ), 
  and they shot people . 
  that was bad . 
  we can all agree that . 
  so the solution is to ... give * more * people guns so that * more * people can shoot someone , just in case another bad person decides to shoot not-bad people ? 
  * really * ? 
  i feel bad for americans that electric kettles apparently are n't a thing . 
  even if you do n't drink tea , does pasta not take forever ? 
  like one minute to boil water , then you pour it from the kettle into a heated saucepan , add salt , chuck a handful of pasta into bubbly water and let it soften for 3-5 minutes . 
  drain and you 're done !, 
  super quick . 
  it was * so weird * when we had a holiday in california , and my brother and i ( 18 and 16 ) were not allowed to share a glass of wine with our parents in a restaurant . 
  i just really took it for granted that that was an okay thing to do !, 
  new town accomodation can be quite expensive , but edinburgh 's such a student city that it wo n't be hard for op to find something reasonable for # 350 - # 400 a month in the old town where most other edinburgh uni students are . 
  edinburgh flats are really lovely too , all high ceilings and big bedrooms . 
  i miss my burgh student digs , we really were spoilt with them !, 
  mostly we complain because they 've shot up so quickly . 
  when my parents went , uni was free . 
  when i went in 2004 , it was # 3,250 . 
  now it 's # 9,000 a year . 
  that 's a huge jump in such a short space of time . 
  i did a 3 year ba in edinburgh and the fourth year for an hons was optional . 
  it 's served me well , actually - it means i 'm eligible for student loans for a ba ( hons ) with the ou , which i 'm taking full advantage of now !, 
  it might have been ? 
  i was * pretty * sure it was three grand a year , but i could be wrong . 
  have you mentioned that to him ? 
  i 'm sure he 'd love to have another excuse to do more tinkering to make it yours as well as his , and to make you feel welcome . 
  i can understand feeling more like a hotel guest than an actual resident , but i 'm sure he 'd like to know how you feel . 
  why do guys keep asking us this question ? 
  yes , they probably have at some point , no , i do n't want to know about it . 
  completed . 
  i 'm applying for teacher training courses at the moment and just getting no , no , no . 
  it 's so demoralising , especially as i know i could be really good if someone would just give me a chance .
