  i like guys to have photos up that are n't selfies , are taken in a variety of locations , that show him smiling , and that actually * show * his face rather than those stupid arty ones of the guy in profile or silhouette or in ski goggles or way way off in the distance . 
  not impressed by lots of girls , not impressed by cars . 
  i 'm looking at them for * him * , not what motor he drives . 
  also just to say i write messages first all the time , but i do n't write loads at a time , and yeah , i only write them to guys i find really fit . 
  women do get lots of messages , but as long as you make an effort with your profile you should get a decent reply rate . 
  i 've found a sport i like , gymnastics , and because i enjoy it so much it 's so much easier to get myself changed and go out to class , even when it 's a rainy friday night and i 'm cold . 
  i just think about how good i feel when i come out of the gymnasium , what skills i want to work on , and the friends i 've made going to the class , and that 's really all the motivation i need . 
  if you find something you like to go and do , it is a * hundred * times easier to get yourself going . 
  oh my god that balloon animal smaug is * brilliant * . 
  what a fabulous idea . 
  so what is your actual approach when you ask someone out ? 
  how do you approach them , where/when do you approach them , what do they say and how do you know them in the first place ? 
  when you say that peoples intuition ` kicks in ' , what do you actually mean ? 
  do they run away from you screaming or something ? 
  i have absolutely no idea how people are going to work out that you 're malevolent or evil or whatever . 
  maybe it 's just your approach that you need to work on . 
  uh , yeah . 
  going to a gymnastics night and seeing gorgeous parkour boys throwing double twists or doing ridiculous jumps over equipment , all whilst shirtless and * ripped * ? 
  totally , totally hot . 
  essex , england . 
  i 've never had much of a problem , my dad 's a huge fantasy reader and we have a small but perfectly formed independent fantasy bookshop in my nearest town . 
  i even got to go to a terry pratchett signing there once , years ago . 
  it was a lovely environment - a wooden cabin room in a remote area of tasmania whilst on holiday , and he was very sweet , but i 'd hardly use ` magical ' or ` cherished ' to describe it . 
  it was a bit ... ordinary , really . 
  like most things outside the movies . 
  i trained at university to work backstage in theatre , doing stage management and lighting . 
  i carried on doing it freelance for four years after drama school , so that 's seven years in total . 
  it 's a great job and i love theatre so much , but in the end the sheer numbers of hours , lack of money and uncertainty of where my next job was coming from just burned me out . 
  it took the love out of it for me , and i decided to quit . 
  i was 25 , i think . 
  after that i ended up doing sales at my dads company to recoup and start building money back up again . 
  i also started looking into indulging the other love i had , history , with a new degree and then started thinking about using that to go into teaching , which is something that 's always been at the back of my mind . 
  i had done short term theatre work in deprived london primary schools helping to manage a professional opera that starred a group of about forty kids and loved the whole experience . 
  i decided that working with those kids had really made me happy , and it was something i wanted to pursue further . 
  so that 's where i am now , which is halfway through a new history degree with the plan to apply for teacher training this autumn . 
  i do n't think it was exactly re-igniting a flame so much as nurturing a different little ember that 's always been glowing away . 
  my dad is a huge fantasy fan , so we 've always had shelves and shelves of fantasy books for me to pick up and leaf through , which makes it hard to pick just one . 
  i think it was probably anne mccaffrey 's * pern * books that really got me into dragons and the medieval-type world of the genre . 
  i do n't really remember the experience of reading it , but i do remember always loving it . 
  [ delia smith ] ( http://www.deliaonline.com/ ) is one of our best known cooks , and she has plenty of traditional recipes available . 
  cooking her stuff never fails for me . 
  shortbread . 
  you ca n't go wrong with proper buttery shortbread . 
  it 'll always be my favourite . 
  if i actually sit down and really * think * about it , then it bothers me , because logically it should . 
  but most of the time i just do n't give a crap . 
  i have no interest in men who get into violent mix-ups , even if they insist it was for protection reasons or whatever . 
  squaring up to some swaggering bully by bringing out your fists does not make you the better man - it just puts you on the same level . 
  i like my creature comforts , i like shopping , and i like shopping for pretty things because they look nice . 
  i do n't gel well with the ` living on a commune to connect with the * real * world stuff . ', 
  we 're not in the iron age any more . 
  i like the dude complimenting idea . 
  op , why not do 50/50 girls/guys compliments if you 're going out of your way to make someone feel good ? 
  yup !, 
  i 've met two or three of them . 
  my closest internet friend k i met about seven years ago . 
  we probably knew each other for about two years before we met - i 'm english , she 's from oklahoma . 
  she came through to the uk and germany for a month , came and stayed with me for two weeks , and then i went back with her to the us for a two week roadtrip , so we spent a whole month in each others company . 
  we 'd never met before then and it was the most brilliant time . 
  we actually still talk to each other most days now , and she 's one of my closest friends . 
  i 'm dying to go back over and see her , but it 'll cost me a grand and i do n't have that right now . 
  tips for meeting ? 
  just relax . 
  be open and friendly , pay your way , enjoy the experience and do n't push any expectations on it . 
  sometimes it 'll be weird to see someone properly , sometimes it 'll be completely amazing . 
  you just have to roll with it and see where it goes . 
  i do gymnastics once a week , and i 'm trying to gear that up a bit to twice and maybe even three times a week so i can go back and do adult gymnastic competitions again in april and june . 
  the current schedule makes that a bit hard though !, 
  i 've been doing gym for almost two years now and love it . 
  there 's nothing quite like it , and it 's a sport that i actively want to go and do , which is the best kind of sport by far . 
  hah , well i 'm 28 now so i 'm hardly a super flexible pre-teen or anything !, 
  there are lots of open gyms around now for adults to give it a go . 
  you should try it !, 
   i have heard of a woo girl . 
  in the uk they do n't really have a name but they definitley exist ( they 're the type of girls who take big group shots of them all with their hands on their hips , slightly pouting , and then go to revolution and buy those stupid overpriced shot sticks , which they imbibe after `` wooooo '' - ing and cheering and clapping ), 
  that has a name ? 
  i thought it was just a general students night out . 
  depends on the frequency , really . 
  if it 's the occasional mention of oh we did this/we did that then that would be fine and i would n't really mind . 
  if it was all the time , then i 'd start being annoyed . 
  valentines day ? 
  you mean half price chocolate day , surely !, 
  my mum defended her eating my chocolate santa when i was little by saying `` well every time i opened the fridge , another bit just jumped out into my mouth . '', 
  i think that must have been what happened with you , too . 
  yes . 
  [ this is the list of restricted nhs procedures ] ( http://www.manchester.nhs.uk/document_uploads/commissioning/lnoncommprocedurereferralgateway.pdf ) there 's stuff on there like alternative medicines like acupuncture and reflexology , some dental work , varicose veins , reversals of sterilisation , stuff like that . 
  of course it would . 
  it seems * insane * to me from an nhs perspective than there 's such loud protests against it from the states . 
  your costs of treatment are completely absurd and everyone knows it . 
  surely having to pay a little bit more in tax so * everybody * gets lower costs overall is worthwhile ? 
  if you want character-lead , hit up robin hobb 's * farseer * trilogy , starting with assassins apprentice . 
  she is just exquisitely good at writing characters you really care about , and personally the fool is my favourite ever character in any genre . 
  edit : it 's not new , it 's at least ten years old , but she puts out a book a year ( ish ) and a new series in the farseer world is also due out this august . 
  it varies for me . 
  i love my kindle , i love reading things with it , and i do download a lot onto it , but this weekend i also went out and bought hobb 's * the wilful princess and piebald prince * in hardback to support my cool little local independent bookshop . 
  i 'm not massively attached to one medium over the other and i 'm happy to change between the two for books i really want . 
   we are so far from home and she is quite dependent on me for a place to stay . 
  if she wants to go home , she can hop on a train . 
  i 'm assuming you must be from yorkshire or something if you 're four hours away from london . 
  if she works , she can find a place to stay on gumtree or kip with friends .
