  ah yeah , i 've found [ the part you 're talking about ] ( http://www.manchester.ac.uk/study/international/country-specific-information/usa.htm?page=2 ) . 
  flaws really help me connect . 
  i read a historical fiction once which was great , except that the main character was basically perfect at everything . 
  even the flaw the author gave them later ( alcoholism ) was balanced out by the fact that everyone loved her , she was a great actor , artist , gambler , romantic ... everything . 
  there was no balance . 
  the character was n't * real * . 
  i also think a really really flawed character can be more real by giving us something to hook on to . 
  cersei is a power hungry demon , but she would do * anything * for her children . 
  jal in prince of fools is an arrogant little tosser who does n't care about anyone but himself - but he 's also totally freaked out by that creepy witch woman in the corner over there . 
  even regal ( who was quite flat as a character ) became more real to me when hobb added that he was totally coddled by his mother , and lived half his life in a part of the country whose people really * wanted * him to be king . 
  i love those little details that give me something to empathise with and connect to . 
  that 's what makes a character for me - all the little things . 
  you say this is unacceptable , but you do n't say what you would like to happen instead . 
  you clearly understand this is domestic violence , so the mum can not safely leave her baby at home . 
  does your university have a daycare facility for her ? 
  childcare is expensive - do you think your coworker can realistically afford it ? 
  what would you really like to happen here ? 
  most guys round here drink rum anyway , so i would think approximately nothing of it . 
  except if you 're ordering sambuca . 
  sambuca is the devil . 
  guys ordering sambuca can gtfo . 
  except that she * had * a solution set up ( stay at home dad ) and that clearly collapsed for obvious reasons . 
  i 'm not arguing for this to be a permanent solution , i 'm just saying to the op ` you 're upset , but what do you want to happen now ? ' . 
  i 'd argue that a grace period of a few weeks while she finds alternative arrangements that do n't involve an abusive father being on the scene is not such a big deal in the larger scheme of things . 
  i do n't think there is a probable outcome , because everyone will react in different ways . 
  some girls might dump the boyfriend and go off with the new guy . 
  some might cut off all contact with the new guy and go work on their relationship with the boyfriend . 
  some might dump the boyfriend but not take up the new guy because she wants some time to be single first . 
  it depends on a massive number of things . 
   i fear though , that it can be perceived as pretentious if a woman was ever to ask to wear them and find out that they are fake . 
  yup , that would pretty much be my reaction exactly , especially if you then added that you were wearing contacts * underneath * . 
  it would be one big dose of wtf . 
  edit : also , i 'm the same as you - long sighted in my left eye , reallllllly short sighted in my right and i 've never had an issue with my glasses . 
  i get far fewer headaches by wearing them . 
  try getting a refit of your glasses or a second opinion . 
  cooking . 
  my dad and brother are both so good at cooking and making healthy meals , and i just look at the cupboards , look at the fridge and go ` welp , beans on toast it is again , then ' . 
  how do people make whizzy shiny tasty things out of spare bits of veg ? 
  how ? 
  my old uni flatmate used to be amazing at that . 
  she 'd pull out random stuff from the fridge and make the most brilliant stews . 
  she 's actually gone on to be a private chef now , but it 's always totally done my head in as to how her brain went veg + spice = stew !, 
  and made it work every damn time . 
   i have an appointment to get career advice from a ceo of a media consulting company, 
  that 's so cool !, 
  do n't dread it , just think ' i bet the ceo is just as keen to talk to me about climbing the ladder in their industry as i am to hear about it ' . 
  everyone likes talking about something they love , and i bet they enjoy helping out up and coming people too . 
  i 'm very jealous !, 
  on one hand , if you do n't like that scene any more , just say no . 
  on the other , is one night out really going to kill you ? 
  just put on some jeans , heels and a fancy top and go have a few cocktails with your friend . 
  you do n't have to keep going til 3am , a midnight hometime is fine . 
  and sure , maybe some people think 55 is too old to be out , but who cares ? 
  your friend clearly enjoys it . 
  go have fun for one night , and stop worrying about what everyone else thinks . 
  maybe you 'll have a better time than you expect !, 
  i 'm so proud for you that you both realised your lack of communication , turned it around and came to a mutual decision on what would work for you * both * . 
  you 're right , terminating is a really difficult moral decision for a lot of people , but op , you faced that on , talked it through and took the route that works for you as a couple . 
  well done , and massive best of luck for the future . 
  because they 're cute , hold in your muffin top , and we do n't give a crap what guys think about them . 
  that 's why . 
  film soundtracks !, 
  i love big boombastic classical music playing dramatically intense music in my car . 
  sometimes i even pretend i 'm conducting the orchestra that 's playing it , because i 'm cool like that . 
  right now i 'm listening both to the instrumental soundtrack of guardians of the galaxy ( [ black tears ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbzbkgfb2uu ) is particularly epic and i love the adventure in [ the kyln escape ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dh_tqi7qt9w ) ) . 
  the [ avengers theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vgjgxmuhmc ) also makes me indescribably happy every time it comes on my ipod . 
  for something a little gentler , i also adore this compilation of [ tauriel 's theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxebi3p75qq&amp;list=plq-odljkgf8enk63riiwpzv6zsrdqw98j&amp;index=2 ) from desolation of smaug that someone made . 
  i love audiobooks !, 
  i 'm listening to one called spies of warsaw at the moment , which is a pre ww2 spy thriller , and it 's reallllly good . 
  i 'd be really pissed at my friend for doing that , because then if i do n't want to talk to you for whatever reason ( which could be one of a thousand things ) , i then look like a total cow for turning you down . 
  i 'd also be pissed at her for apparently ditching me to talk to some random guy , and then foisting him off on me . 
  so basically , you 'd get turned down ( because i would turn you down , for sure . 
  i 'm nobody 's back up option ) , and i 'd be cross at my friend , and no one would be happy . 
  atheist , but i guess i was brought up church of england in the vague kind of semi-agnostic way most brits are nowadays . 
  neither of my parents are religious , though my mum likes the bells and smells of it all . 
  i also used to get forced to go to sunday school when i was 11 so i could get in to a good catholic school , and it put me off any kind of church for life . 
  about half and half , i guess . 
  some guys i 've met have been super ambitious , and others have just been like meh , i 'll stick with this . 
  i 've got loads of plans to go and do [ xyz ] so i do tend to feel like there are more of the latter type around than the former . 
  six of one , half a dozen of the other . 
  i 'll often say to people `` we need to get together some time ! '', 
  or say `` we really should do dinner soon '' , but half the time i just say it out of politeness . 
  it 's very much a ' i enjoyed your company , let 's say we want to meet up again , but i 'm not * really * going to put in the effort to make it happen ' scenario . 
  but yes , sometimes i do really mean `` i want to go out for the evening with you , and would really like to make it happen . '', 
  yes , because i was seventeen and ` in love ' and an idiot . 
  he broke up with me six months later . 
  i would n't do it again . 
  i was in a rush to get out of the house one day and threw on the first pair of shoes i found . 
  got into the office and found out not only was i wearing two different black boots , but one was a pointed ankle boot and the other was a calf high zip up . 
  not my finest hour . 
  oh god , i 've done that so many times . 
  you 're not alone !, 
  because agnostic means ' i consider that something may be out there , i just do n't know what ' . 
  i 'm an atheist because i do n't believe anything is out there and there are no higher powers at all . 
  god to me is as real as santa or zeus or hercules . 
  i have zero beliefs in anything supernatural , so i 'm an atheist . 
  you 're a bit snobbish when it comes to opinions about dating , are n't you ? 
  dating sites work for me . 
  i currently live in a rural area with no local group of friends to meet people through . 
  most of my friends are either in london ( an hour away ) or in edinburgh ( 5 hours away ) .
