  i think the only downside for him is that it turns out the tires are so thin that they puncture on * everything * and he 's shelled out around # 800 on tires this year alone . 
  he ca n't change the type or switch his car until december , so he 's sort of stuck with it until then . 
  for an amazing black widow solo film . 
  i 'd love to see cold war double agent assassin natasha , hunting down kgb bad guys , working with the red room and getting into a hand to hand fight with the winter soldier . 
  how cool would that be ? 
  realistically , it probably wo n't , though . 
  as much as you will be working on yourself and improving yourself , she will be changing and growing too , and that 's okay . 
  people do n't stay static . 
  it might well be that when you 've got to a place where you like yourself again , you look for her and realise that you 've both grown up too much to go back . 
  our twenties are like that , and there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  improve for yourself . 
  do n't hope for her to stay still and wait for you to catch up . 
  there will be someone for you out there who perfectly suits your new and healthy self . 
  improve for * that * person , not for the old one . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but car loans are n't bad debt to have on record , as they 're material assets that can be reclaimed . 
  you 'll also have the credit reference search visible by the lease company , so either way you 'll have * something * on there if you 're not just going in as a cash buyer . 
  used cars can also be very reliable if you do your research . 
  i 've never ( touch wood ) had a single issue with mine , and it 's seven years old now with 70,000 on the clock . 
  conditioner , every time . 
  i put globs of it on to get that silky smooth feeling . 
  who needs that ` size of a walnut ' instruction nonsense ? 
  i suspect the ` too open , too honest ' bit might come from our use of language . 
  all of the americans that i 've met are very direct , whereas we english tend to skirt around the subject a bit . 
  we do n't much like giving bad news , or criticising things there and then - oh sure , we 'll grumble and moan about bad service , someone being rude , or something happening that we do n't like , but we 'll * very * rarely confront it on the nose . 
  on the flip side , americans are * incredibly * cheerful and upbeat , and we like to play things a little more close to the chest - never get too excited , or too good at something , and all that . 
  have you seen the [ english-american dictionary ] ( https://tweetoyoung.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/english-american-dictionary.jpg ) ? 
  it 's kind of funny , but it 's also really really true . 
  oh , and with dating i think english men are just more reserved . 
  i see american girls complaining all the time about being asked out , but on okc i have had to invite the guys out on a date * every single time * , even after several messages . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  none . 
  i 've been single pretty much all of my twenties , too . 
  it 's not unusual . 
  no problem . 
   i 'd really recommend picking up kate fox 's * watching the english * too . 
  it 's a great book , and should give you a little more insight into our numerous funny little quirks and foibles . 
  sometimes i do , yeah . 
  i just try to remind myself that i do n't know the details of their relationship , and the way i 've lived my life has given me most experiences that most people have never had . 
  does n't stop that occasional sharp little pang of intense jealousy , though . 
  sex * hurts * when you 're not aroused and wet . 
  it 's like sandpaper . 
  so yes , if shes not wet and you 've not got lube to make things feel better , then i would turn down sex too . 
  technically , loki 's succeeded in his aim in becoming king of asgard . 
  he 's just doing it in disguise . 
  i feel bad , but i always throw my razors in the bin . 
  i just do n't know where else they would go . 
  electrical parts like old laptops are realllllly hard to get rid of , too . 
  everything else that i can sort goes in paper , plastics or the metals box . 
  i feel like cap and falcon are walking in there at the middle of the scene , so the first `` cap '' we hear from sam is just adr . 
  my guess is that they 've maybe just been fighting bucky and have trapped him in there while they figure out how to resolve things and get him to safety ? 
  i do n't think hydra would stick him in that machine just to be found by steve and sam . 
  or his arm could have a bomb or something being triggered by hydra , and they need ant-man to get inside and defuse it ? 
  i agree with the idea that there 's something mechanical about the arm that needs fixing , which is why they thought of tony first , rather than someone like natasha or wanda . 
   mcu characters can show up in spider-man solo movies . 
  i never thought about the reverse of spidey going into mcu films , but that 's pretty cool !, 
  he could have potentially have a two minute conversation with daredevil about the number of bad guys taking up his homework time in nyc or something . 
  i think that as long as you are * genuinely * happy with your life and the choices you are making , then it 's fine to live a life that your parents would want . 
  if you 're deliberately denying yourself experiences or opportunities just because you could feel their judging gaze on you though , that 's when you veer into bad territory . 
  my favourite hobby is doing dog shows with my english setter . 
  it 's sort of a family hobby more than anything else , but it 's great fun . 
  otherwise reading , going on walks , running , going to the cinema . 
  wow , that excuses part feels exactly like me now . 
  i always say i would like a relationship but i never really bother enough about putting the effort in to find one . 
  i hope i 'll meet someone soon who gets me to change my mind too . 
  yeah , i always have ice , and i 'm in the uk . 
  just about everyone asks for ice here , apart from in wine ( unless the white is n't cool enough ), 
  depends if it 's on the greeting or goodbye . 
  i 'll shake hands on the introduction , but give a hug or a kiss on the cheek goodbye . 
  i think i 'd be a little surprised but not offended if an exuberant person gave me a cheek kiss hello . 
  i 'm sure it 's happened before . 
  i always ask after like four/five messages from each side . 
  i ca n't stand waiting around !, 
  that 's quite funny that they asked what class you are !, 
  it 's not a rude question here , but it 's entertaining that they 're trying to peg where you are . 
  if you 're in a white collar profession doing something officey and rent your flat in a nice-ish area , i 'd say `` oh , i 'm not sure , you 'd probably say i 'm middle class/upper middle or something ? '', 
  there 's loooooooads of subtle indicators that you 'll learn that will give someone 's class away . 
  total agreement on the language bit !, 
  two out of my three tattoos are in latin , but i studied it at school and you 'd better believe i got the grammar double and triple checked before i went ahead !, 
  they 're both adults . 
  they can deal with their relationship on their own without a fairy godmother , as romantically elegant as your solution may seem . 
  if you 're meeting him later this week just be a * friend * - offer advice if he seems like he needs it , reassure him of your support if he does n't . 
  that 's really all he needs . 
  money wo n't fix anything - and to be honest , they 'd probably both find it really weird if an anonymous financial angel showered cash down on them anyway . 
  god , no . 
  who would do that ? 
  holding grudges like that just sounds * exhausting * . 
  car boot sales !, 
  do americans have car boot sales ? 
  you can get like a hundred quid just by standing around for a morning selling your old tat . 
  i do one with my mum once a year , and it really helps clear out the old junk that you accumulate . 
  the rest that we do n't sell all goes to charity shops . 
  i know , i know , i 'm a hipster , but i just ca n't stand those old-fashioned necromancers with their tomes and their cobwebs and their droney whiney spells that just go * on * and * on * and * on * . 
  there 's the internet bud , just find yourself a quick zombie chant and sort us both out . 
  if they ca n't be efficient with the corpse raising , i 'm just not interested . 
  personal guns are illegal here ( uk ) and i 'm 100 % happy with that . 
  i do n't know how americans stand the thought that you 're around a bunch of hidden weapons owned by complete strangers whenever you go into a public place . 
  edited to add : anything that could be used as a defensive weapon is banned here , and i 'm also okay with that . 
  no tasers , no pepper spray , no knives . 
  fine with me . 
  yeah , it 's exactly that for me .
