  it 's * exactly * the same . 
  honestly ? 
  it 's not your place to meddle . 
  she 's independent for the first time and meeting brand new people . 
  that freedom of choice is going to show itself in changing her clothes , changing her topics of conversation and , yes , going through boyfriends and not-boyfriends at her own choice of pace . 
  she 's not hurting anyone . 
  she 's not hurting herself . 
  she 's just 19 and away from home for the first time . 
  let her do as she likes . 
  it 's not up to you to tell her what you think she should or should n't be getting up to . 
  but then surely you 're that kind of guy who also has no self respect and gets taken advantage of by girls ? 
  you said you 've slept with 20 in the last year , after all . 
  should n't you be more careful ? 
  you do n't want to be thought of as ` that ' kind of guy . 
  why have you just reposted this ? 
  you 're going to get exactly the same answers as before . 
  her sleeping with 30 guys in a year and you sleeping with 20 girls in a year ( from his previous posts comments ) is * no different * . 
  it 's just your own clouded judgement . 
  i have no idea . 
  some people generally get very angry if they think other people are n't living by their own personal moral/ethical code . 
  it makes me think of cuddling by fires and going for walks together in woolly jumpers . 
  i 've never heard of it either , but i guess the op just means a cosy romantic mood ? 
  35 countries ? 
  at a guess ? 
  maybe a few more than that . 
  i spent some time working onboard a cruise ship , which helped me rack up my country count . 
  my favourite area has always been seeing more of europe , especially when we went round the mediterranean . 
  italy and greece are really , really gorgeous countries to visit . 
  i 'm desperate to get back to the us , too . 
  i 'm 31 . 
  funnily enough , for the most authentic british tea experience , just make yourself some tea in your hotel room . 
  you 'll normally get given a small kettle , some mugs , a couple of teabags and some little pots of milk . 
  that 's what 90 % of people here drink !, 
  go on holiday !, 
  i 've spent the last few years on wages that do n't really give much leeway for savings , so i have n't been able to get back out travelling . 
  i * really * miss jumping on a plane and going somewhere , so putting some cash together and having a proper holiday is one of the top things on my to do list . 
  i call myself a dog owner , or talk about ` my dog - oh , he 's my baby . ', 
  never called myself a parent , though . 
  i 'm not raising something in the same way that you raise and teach a child . 
  yorkshire gold as ordinary tea , earl grey in the evenings and lapsang souchong as a special treat once in a while . 
  darjeeling is a really nice light alternative , too . 
  i usually drink twinings where i can . 
  i 'm not picky about the types of tea , but i 'm * very * picky about how it gets made . 
  my best friend puts the milk in first , and that 's just * wrong * . 
  white british . 
  that 's really about it . 
  the hour . 
  it 's a bbc period drama about a weekly news programme at the bbc in the 1950s , particularly around the fact that the bc were barred from reporting on anything political until it had already gone through parliament . 
  the first series focused on the suez crisis , it starred ben wishaw , romola garai , peter capaldi and anna chancellor and it was * wonderful * . 
  i 'm still bitter that they did n't renew it for series 3 . 
  i really like that they actually went more purple for civil war rather than maroon red . 
  clints colour is purple !, 
  also , love that jacket for thor . 
  oh god , i * really * would not want to stop and take a shower in the middle of a date . 
  you 'd have to redo hair and makeup , and maybe bring a whole different set of clothes if you 're doing something different afterwards . 
  how awkward !, 
  i 'll often carry my normal ( large ) handbag and a laptop case with me , and it would n't be unusual to have a third bag if i need to bring something special along . 
  how is it significant ? 
  how does being black or white affect heimdalls ability to see all of the souls in the universe ? 
  asgardians are aliens , not americans and africans . 
  if they can have a character who is actually born blue skinned but who lives as a white god with black hair , they can have a black god too . 
  it doesnt change the story . 
  definitely not . 
  i want to be in charge of the way i get there and get home . 
  also , can you imagine how dreadfully awkward it would be if you did n't get along / did n't like them and still had to sit in a small vehicle with them to get back home ? 
  no thanks . 
  on the first and second dates i 've been on i 've always driven myself . 
  so they do n't make any effort to date , like online dating like the rest of us ? 
  either they 're lazy or are n't really that interested in a relationship . 
  and by the way , that 's not a bad thing at all . 
  i go through real phases of using online dating because sometimes i just can not be bothered to put in the effort that dating requires . 
  i would really like a relationship , but sorting out dates is hard work !, 
  we 're just generally very alike , but not in the alikeness that can cause friction , like my mum and i sometimes have . 
  i have more hobbies in common with my dad ( dog showing , cooking , eating good food , reading fantasy books , more recently golf , shopping ) and we bond through those . 
  he loves sharing things he knows with me , and that 's really helped us develop a close relationship over the last few years . 
  no , you only get paid for the hours you are physically in the building and working . 
  and of course you had to give up your personal time for work - that 's what work * is * . 
  yes , i do . 
  i also understand as someone who has done plenty of part time zero hour bar and waitressing work that i only get paid for the time i was in the building and working , which is the answer to ops question . 
  i often got asked if i wanted to go home early and i said yes or no accordingly . 
  that 's the way the hospitality industry works when customer levels change all the time . 
  op , you might have more luck looking for bar work in smaller pubs who often do n't have the staff turnover of wetherspoons . 
  the bar/restaurant i work in is very seasonal , crying out for staff and will give plenty of hours to the people who are available . 
  one of my former uni flatmates and close friends who i lived with for three years . 
  we stayed in touch for a good few years after uni , but about four years ago she just cut contact for no reason i could ever figure out . 
  i only ever spoke to her to catch up , maybe once every six months , and then she just stopped ever returning messages or phone calls . 
  this was n't just to me either - she stopped contact with all of our old friends , but i was the one who tried for the longest to stay in touch . 
  when i invited her to my 30th birthday get together she turned it down because she was going to someone elses 30th instead . 
  i was actually quite hurt by that . 
  it 's really sad - i was bridesmaid for our mutual friend in may , but our old friend was n't even invited because she had n't bothered to even try and keep in touch . 
  the bride was really conflicted about that , actually . 
  she wanted to invite her because we 'd all been so close , but couldnt justify it when we both knew she probably would n't turn up . 
  old friend still hasnt even met mutual friends new husband . 
  i still miss her a lot . 
  i wish i knew why she 'd decided to stop talking to me . 
   lots of ~ ~ people ~ ~ seem to believe, 
  lots of * little boys * . 
  ftfy . 
  because seriously , the only people who can possibly claim that makeup is lying about something are insecure little boys who ca n't concieve of the fact that not everything in the goddamn world is about them and their wants . 
  it 's the most ridiculous argument i 've ever heard .
