  i 'm really excited for the russos to do their bit . 
  i remember hearing a rumour that kenneth branagh might come back and do ragnarok - how cool would it be if that was true ? 
  there * is * no typical british accent , that 's why / u/stilldontknow2 is poking you . 
  the ` typical ' rp accent you 're thinking of is only spoken in a small area of the country , and even then only really within certain classes . 
  every single other county has their own diverse dialect , from norfolk to brummie to west country to geordie . 
  the plummy accent you 're thinking of is not typical to the uk at all . 
  she is a * virgin * . 
  she has kissed three boys and interacted sexually with one , which was non penetrative . 
  there is nothing to * be * hung up over , and you have a massive case of grow the fuck up . 
  essex : yes . 
  i think existing members in here know how to make their questions more open to all of our bi and lesbian aws , instead of just ` why do you love your boyfriend ? ', 
  all the time . 
  genuinely never get tired of this bot . 
  just say to him the truth ; `` i 'm sorry dad , i have my own life now with [ partner ] and i 'm really happy and settled where i am . 
  i appreciate the offer , but i do n't want to uproot everything , and i have no plans at all to move back . 
  best of luck to you and [ uncle ] though , the restaurant sounds amazing . '', 
  you 're under no obligation to go into any more detail than that . 
  i 'm sure that in his heart he really does know that he 's missed his chance to be daddy to you , but being one of your support structures while you and he both make your ways in a new life is just as good . 
  `` i feel bad , but it has to be done . 
  maybe i 'll have another look on okcupid sometime soon . '', 
  pretty much . 
  like , i feel kind of guilty that i did n't want to pursue anything more , but i really do n't overthink it too much . 
  i expect any guys who i turn down to take it gracefully ( as we 're both grown adults here ) and not to try to carry on a conversation about it . 
  they never specifically state it , but it 's definitely implied . 
  after all , we see bucky being part of zolas experiments , balancing across that rickety beam in the warehouse while everything else is exploding , making amazing sniper shots , and then surviving the fall from the train with nothing more damaged ( apparently ) than his arm . 
  there 's definitely something supery going on in his veins . 
  same . 
  i could n't be more english . 
  my ancestors on my mums side did n't leave the same fucking village in essex for about four hundred years . 
  i identify more with england as a whole , but i lived for four years in edinburgh and have relatives in fife , so i 've always felt very comfortable with the idea of someday moving to scotland again . 
  as far as history goes , i fully agree we spent several hundred years doing awful things to you lot and the irish , but i do n't exactly feel like i 'm on the same wavelength as my great great grandad . 
  i fail to see why you could n't identify with me as an essex girl as much as you can identify with a weegie or someone from newcastle . 
  we 're not * that * different . 
  watching porn is normal , but watching it so much that he feels the need to watch it at work is absolutely not . 
  plus , it 's incredibly unprofessional - the moment he gets caught ( and he will get caught ) , he 'll be fired . 
  women give birth to * babies * and still have perfectly normal sex afterwards . 
  yes , vaginas contract even after being fisted . 
  you are n't making sense because he 's a very well known shakespearean actor who has done much more than two scenes in a harry potter film or just doctor who . 
  he 's a good choice because he can turn in an amazing performance for the show . 
  of course he 'll be in it , feige said so himself at the phase 3 announcement event . 
  my dog chews his feet , but he does it when his ears hurt . 
  as soon as we put ear drops in , he leaves them alone . 
  it 's his way of expressing that he 's uncomfortable , i think , especially because he ca n't actually reach the bit that hurts . 
  daredevil 's black costume really really grew on me . 
  i was actually quite sad to see it go in ep 12 . 
  hopefully the season 2 red costume gets tinkered with to make it look just as good as the black season 1 suit . 
  star lord and the ravagers all looked perfect and space cowboy ish . 
  the whole guardians costume team was amazing . 
  winter soldier was * amazing * too . 
  definitely my favourite . 
  i still ca n't get past his arm design - it 's so intricate and gorgeous , and the straightjacket - style body armour just said everything you need to know about his character . 
  your mum probably wo n't * get * any sleep , as she 'll be surrounded by teenagers let loose for the first time in their own space . 
  it 's noisy , probably a bit smelly and will be full of very drunk people having a great time . 
  check your hall rules too - my bet is that there is a ` no guests ' rule buried somewhere in there . 
  or if there is n't , just tell her that there is , and you do n't want to get in trouble with security . 
  `` you know , this is the first date i 've been on in several years . '', 
  it was n't just that , but that does pretty much sum up the way the evening went . 
  it 's not about being judgemental about inexperience , it 's just that a statement like that puts a * lot * of pressure on the person you 're out on a date with !, 
  if he 'd said he had n't been out in a while that would be fine - much less pressure . 
  i just felt like the moment he said it , he was expecting this to be some amazing , crazy romance , fall in love kind of thing . 
  i was just out to meet someone new , have dinner , have an evening out kind of thing . 
  a good friend of mine has just moved out to san diego , and she was saying that it was all over your news last week that you may get a millimetre of rain ? 
  black widow and winter soldier are my two hands down favourites . 
  daredevil and gambit are great - i 'm really in to the daredevil comics right now . 
  i love captain america too , but only mcu cap . 
  comic!cap is wayyyy too serious and grumpy . 
  would i be attracted to a literal dickhead ? 
  no , i would not . 
  it just feels really intimate and warm . 
  i like it . 
  i 'm sure three grown ups can talk sensibly to each other about how they want to portray one character and how to manage continuity . 
  it 's not like it 's going to be the quicksilver situation all over again . 
  i just had my second ba degree ceremony on friday !, 
  it was a lovely day . 
  i could have invited up to six people if i wanted , but i only wanted my mum and dad there . 
  dad ended up in hospital for most of last week ( he 's okay ! ), 
  so i invited my best friend to join mum and i instead . 
  yeah , her russian lines in avengers were really , * really * bad . 
  i 'd love for civil war to have a moment where scarlett and sebastian get to do some russian dialogue , but they 'd definitely need to get a speech coach in for her to get it right !, 
  lots of museums and art galleries do special talks about particular artists or exhibitions that are going on . 
  it sounds like you both really like to learn stuff , but just in different ways . 
  maybe going to something like a lecture followed by an hour in the gallery/museum would appeal to both your in - depth learning style and her general curiosity about lots of different things at once . 
  two or three times maybe - once when they first come in , once at lunch and once mid afternoon about 2/3pm . 
  i 'd probably be making myself a cuppa about the same time too . 
  maybe leaving a guestbook with a comments section in the reception or feedback forms in the room would help ? 
  we really really hate confrontation , but do love to have a little whinge about things , and i can easily see how that would be a nightmare for hoteliers !, 
  i 've grown up with large breed dogs who are inclined to chew and can be destructive . 
  you know what we do ? 
  we * exercise * them to wear them out and redirect any chewing onto acceptable items like a tug toy or stag bar . 
  chewing everything is normal , but it can easily be trained out of them . 
  being wild with energy means that the dog is * bored * . 
  walk him more !, 
  teach him tricks to get his brain working , stuff a kong with food so he has to puzzle it out , or hide food under things so he has to sniff it out . 
  `` it 's just the way the breed is ' is never an excuse to let your dog run wild . 
  you are the owner . 
  do something about their behaviour * first * before you add more uncontrolled , chewing , destructive dogs into the mix . 
  i see more people with pens and a4 pads than notebooks in lectures as it 's often faster to annotate lecture notes or scribble something down . 
  bring a bottle of water or change for a cup of tea and either something for lunch or more change to buy on campus . 
  that 's usually all you 'll need . 
  housemates .
