  being social with other people in real world situations . 
  i had a ( very ) short term relationship in a very close working environment several years ago . 
  he had stopped paying attention to me , so i went out on shift that night and whispered to him that i did n't have any knickers on . 
  he was n't the slightest bit interested and i felt like a huge idiot . 
  luckily he got fired soon afterwards and i did n't have to worry about seeing him any more . 
  they do good cream teas , it 's very green , and one of my friends lives there . 
  that 's really all i think about devon . 
  the only real mexican chain we have here is [ chiquitos ] ( http://www.chiquito.co.uk/ ) which is fine , but i imagine it does n't really match up to american mexican food . 
  you 're not wrong and you have n't lead anybody on . 
  you 're just learning what it 's be like to be an adult . 
  you had an idea that you discussed , but when you sat down and crunched the numbers you realised that it was n't possible to do . 
  that is going to happen * all through your life * . 
  take a breath . 
  not taking on a huge loan just to get a flat for two years is a perfectly fine choice to make . 
  you and your girlfriend just have to readjust your expectations . 
  rent should ideally be around 30 % of your income , not 50 % . 
  are there any other flats you could consider ? 
  if not , * do n't worry * . 
  you will get somewhere independent to live in the future . 
  it 's just not happening right now , is all . 
  as far as i 'm aware , you can just keep on keeping on . 
  you do n't need a visa at all , you 're an eu citizen and have freedom of movement and work within the uk . 
  maybe double check / r/iwantout to make sure , but i 'm pretty certain you 're already good to go and can stay as long as you like . 
  as for getting set up to work , you 'll need a national insurance number . 
  i think this page from gov.uk should have what you need : https://www.gov.uk/tax-come-to-uk, 
  you 've chosen to be a sensible adult who chooses to live within his means , has a budget and sticks to it without taking on additional debt . 
  you would think that was the sort of man she wanted to be with , right ? 
  he 's beautiful !!, 
  have fun with your cheeky new bundle < 3, 
  i just love pepper 's `` oh my * god * ! '', 
  and their little exchange at the end . 
  honestly , i really liked im2 for all of the character moments like this . 
  kevin feige ( the chief marvel king ) is a huge star wars fan , so every phase 2 film includes someone losing their arm or hand at some point . 
  examples : loki chops thor 's wrist off in the dark world , bucky barnes has lost an arm , gamora takes groots arms off with her sword in xandar , yellowjacket 's arm is the first thing to shrink when scott de-atomises him , things like that . 
  there 's also lots of callbacks to the number 12 . 
  peter quill has 12 % of a plan , tony stark says he 'll give pepper 12 % of the credit for avengers tower etc etc. 
  there 's no real reason for it , it just keeps cropping up . 
  agent carter , set in the 40s , also has lots of little callbacks to the mcu . 
  one of my favourite is that edwin jarvis is installing a security system for howard stark at one point that uses his voice , and he comments that he would hate to be a disembodied voice for all eternity . 
  of course , tony 's jarvis is based on butler jarvis who looked after him when he was little . 
  just tried it , it 's not available to watch on mobiles that 's the problem . 
  i 'm not sure if it works okay on tablets ? 
  i miss having a good cuddle with someone . 
  in gladiator after the end of the first battle , maximus goes to see his horse . 
  as he strokes the horse and it turns its head , you can clearly see a crew member in dark clothes walk backwards pulling a rope or wire . 
  i totally missed it the first time , but now i know it 's there , it 's the most obvious thing ever . 
  i have no idea , only because this is kind of my default setting too ? 
  i 've only had really terrible short term relationships so far , so i 've just got plenty used to doing my own thing without the need to think of someone else . 
  i focus on myself and where i want to go , what i like to do or who i want to see and go from there . 
  sure , i look at happy couples and think `` aw , i 'd like that '' , but then i just carry on my day and do my thing anyway . 
  set yourself goals , or plan ahead for things you 'd like to do or go and see , and go do them !, 
  do n't worry about having someone else along with you . 
  i 've booked a ticket to see the new captain america on the 29th , but i 've automatically booked to go by myself , because i 've just assumed that it will just be me , and i 'll have a great time anyway . 
  things like that . 
  i always have a soft spot for the hydra reveal in tws where zola is playing all that footage . 
  it goes from grainy sepia period film to sharp , colourised shots of modern weapons , all interspersed with images of news articles and the winter soldier cut in between . 
  it 's just a really neat couple of minutes that ties everything together so well . 
  the guardians infinity stone sequence is great as well , especially with that score underneath . 
  seeing captain america : civil war !, 
  i 've already bought tickets for the 29th and it 's going to be amazing . 
  is he chewing his foot at all ? 
  i have seen it happen where dogs chew their feet , and their saliva ( i 'm assuming ) discolours the hair . 
  our last blue belton had very orange hair from chewing himself , and our orange was discolouring his feet until we took him to the vets and got some medicated skin shampoo . 
  sort of !, 
  he 's more of a ` i 'm looking at you , give me something now ' kind of dog . 
  most of my photos are of him waiting impatiently for me to do something instead of faffing around with the camera . 
  i do have [ this smiley one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lbooigh.jpg ) though !, 
  i 'm a teacher and it 's really normal to see parents with y6 students get tours on ordinary school days . 
  just give them a call , and i 'm sure they 'll be happy to help . 
  you make your own destiny , and soul mates are something that either people in a ) very happy relationships or b ) very bad relationships where they 're clinging on because they 're scared of being alone , tell each other . 
  they do n't exist . 
  pimms and lemonade in the summertime with acres of fruit , or a nice refreshing gin and tonic . 
  i like how you , as an american , are telling us brits how we feel about the monarchy . 
  the vast majority do not , and have never , seen kate middleton as a peasant . 
  we saw her family as * middle class * , which is another thing entirely . 
  kate went to a private secondary school . 
  she went to st andrews , which is one of our best universities . 
  the problem with wallis simpson was that she was an american and a divorcee , not that she was a peasant . 
  and we like our royals because they do a fucklot of work for us around the world , earn huge sums for charity and put a * lot * of money back into the british economy . 
  so what if other countries got rid of their royals ? 
  it 's the queens 90th birthday today , and i can tell you as an actual englishwoman that most people are plenty happy to have her around . 
   iirc winston churchill will go on the # 5 sometime soon . 
  yep !, 
  he replaces elizabeth fry in september of this year . 
  if your sources are the sun , the mail and the express ( as mentioned in your post beforehand ) , then you are * wildly * misguided about our opinions . 
  the sun is a traditionally working class newspaper , the mail is a right wing clickbait paper who loves their wild headlines and columns without any journalistic integrity , and the express is still mourning diana and writing headlines about finding madeline mccann . 
  they are not broadsheets . 
  they are tabloids . 
  you 're repeating facts from * one side * of the press , and by the way , it 's really fucking kind of offensive that you 're acting like you know how we think about our monarchy . 
  also , * also * , that stuff about camilla v kate , whatever , is the * tabloids * repeating mcguffins from an author trying to sell his big flashy new book . 
  it 's no different from some american rag talking shit about the obamas having marriage difficulties . 
  it is not a * source * . 
  it is a * tabloid * . 
  stop acting like you know everything about my country 's opinions , when you really really do n't . 
  i used to be part of a harry potter text roleplay community on livejournal over ten years ago . 
  they were all so sweet !, 
  i think it petered out about 2006/2007 , but we still have a closed group on facebook to occasionally reminisce together about our old characters doing stupid things . 
  my parents still make fun of me for fancying one of the thunderbirds when i was little . 
  they 're like `` threesquares used to like a puppet hahaha '' and i 'm like `` he was * cool * , okay ? '', 
  also , i was about six and it was probably totally adorable .
