  the main points of ww1 is that it 's really the first time war is fought using trench warfare for extended periods of time , and the trenches are miserable places to be . 
  they extend essentially from switzerland all the way through belgium to the british channel and most battles on the western front result in huge casualties for very little land gain . 
  there is so much about ww1 that is fascinating ; look up battle of the somme , passchendaele , vimy ridge , battle of gallipoli , and hill 60 for some good tidbits . 
  the last post is played at the menin gate in belgium at 8pm every night to commemorate the war dead , too . 
  for ww2 , the nature of warfare changes totally . 
  look up operation barbarossa , and the siege of leningrad for some crazy eastern front warfare . 
  in the uk we focus on events like the blitz and the home front , dunkirk , the battle of britain ( air warfare ) and the battle of the atlantic ( naval warfare ) , which are all good things to look up if you want to find out a bit more . 
  of course , that 's not even getting into everything we do in the middle east , or the pacific theatre . 
  it 's never even crossed my mind to do that . 
  we do n't tip us much in the uk though . 
  i cry , but i also find talking about it helps . 
  i still miss my dog beema who died about seven years ago , but i talk about him often with my parents and my friends who knew him . 
  sharing memories really helps . 
  it 's weird to think driving manual is somehow more ` manly ' . 
  i 'm english and pretty much every one here learns to drive manual . 
  i do n't see how being a guy or a girl could add any difference to it . 
  welcome to a working life . 
  look , you 're 20 . 
  this is your first job , and your first full week . 
  no wonder you 're shattered . 
  but you will get used to it , the more you do it . 
  you have 14 full hours between clocking out and clocking back in again . 
  allowing 8 hours for sleep and two hours for meals , that still allows you 4 hours of ` you ' time to see a friend/play games/watch tv . 
  plus , you have weekends . 
  newsflash : everyone wants more ` me ' time . 
  everyone at some point feels like their world revolves around work . 
  but this is how you get money in to pay rent , pay bills and save up for treats . 
  this is adulthood , and that 's probably why most responses you 're going to get are not going to be entirely sympathetic . 
  your bosses suggestion of 3 months probation is not a bad one . 
  just give it more time to settle in and get your body used to those 8 hour days . 
  then ask again when they 're back . 
  it 's not that bad , honestly . 
  the paycheque does often make it worth it , but what you also have to do is learn how to balance your work hours with what you enjoy doing personally . 
  make sure you keep up with hobbies and friends , and do n't * just * work/eat/sleep . 
  getting your body used to full time work will take a few weeks , but it will get easier as you go . 
  welcome to being an adult !, 
  you said it yourself , she at least wants someone who knows where he 's going and has a direction . 
  she does n't * want * you to sweep her off her feet . 
  she 's does n't want you to be mr exciting . 
  she wants you to be mr normal and have a vague plan of what you 'd like to achieve in five years time . 
  and really , you 're 32 and done it all , seen it all ? 
  achieved * everything * ? 
  i 'm the same age and i 've travelled the world too , and changed careers , but i 'd hardly say i 've done everything life has to offer . 
  ` chilling with friends ' is going to get really boring for the next thirty years . 
  is n't there anything you 'd like to work on achieving ? 
  growing your current business maybe ? 
  or starting a new one ? 
  there must be something . 
  do n't try to sneak out again ? 
  if you 're feeling sick , you 're feeling sick . 
  if you 'd had a normal day and asked permission earlier to go out for the night , i bet she 'd have let you . 
  instead you lied , tried to be clever and got caught . 
  can you imagine how she would have felt if she 'd gone in to check on your sick flu-ey self and you 'd vanished ? 
  apologise , and do n't do it again . 
  well yeah , definitely . 
  that 's a life i like too - i prioritise spending time with family , friends and my dogs most of all . 
  but i also have a career that i want to progress in , and the tone of ops post is more ` i 'm doing nothing beyond relaxing and i 'll continue doing nothing because i 've done it all already . ', 
  i can see why any potential gf may have an issue with that . 
  that all sounds fine to me and just what your gf is looking for when she says ' a normal life ' . 
  the original tone of your post just sounded more like you 'd run one company and retired early , rather than come home and found some hobbies . 
  do you dry things off or just leave them to drain after washing ? 
  teacher . 
  it 's hard work and crazy hours but i love it - especially right now during the long summer holidays !, 
  our lessons are 75 minutes , so yeah , sometimes i have 2\u00a01/2 hrs active teaching in a day . 
  sometimes i have 5 hours standing in front of classes . 
  actually teaching is the smallest part of the job . 
  the rest of the time is marking books and assessments , writing reports , planning lessons and schemes of work , making contact with parents , preparing resources for the kids to use in lessons , following up behaviour issues or just reading up on my knowledge so i know what i 'm talking about . 
  right now that 's the crimean war and boer wars . 
  next week it might be brushing up on the norman invasion or stalin 's russia . 
  it 's always changing . 
  it 's never too late !, 
  i started a whole new degree with the ou when i was 27 , and another friend started his at ( i think ) 29 . 
  my mum completely switched careers and retrained at 40 from marketing to social work . 
  i 've just told you . 
  by doing all of the things i 've listed in my last comment ; marking , planning , making resources , behaviour etc etc. 
  when i 'm not teaching i 'm doing any and all of those things , which all need to be done in order to make my lessons effective . 
  my job is n't just standing in front of a class and making thirty eleven year olds recite names and dates for an hour . 
  all tickets for the wb studios for august are almost certainly sold out - i checked about a fortnight ago and could n't get anything until the third weekend in september . 
  it 's crazy busy . 
  for the guards ( in the red uniforms , you mean ? 
  ) , walk up whitehall from the southbank to horseguards parade and you 'll see some on duty . 
  you can also see beefeaters at the tower of london instead . 
  in the evening after a day out i 'd personally just go and get a nice dinner near my hotel and have a few drinks somewhere . 
  you could get cheap tickets to a west end show , maybe ? 
  there wo n't be that much going on on a sunday evening , and most shops/attractions will close early anyway . 
  you catch up by doing those things . 
  i 'm 32 and i love traveling alone . 
  the best part is that i have a little more money to spend on nice hotels sometimes rather than hostels all the time . 
  have a look at / r/solotravel for some ideas of where to go and book a flight !, 
  there is absolutely nothing except your own confidence holding you back . 
  it 's not like air companies cancel your bookings on your 30th birthday or give you the side-eye at check-in . 
  you just have to make it happen and expand your own horizons . 
  well , a good point to start would be working out how to make sure it wo n't happen again . 
  it sounds like your coping method for stress was getting wasted and taking someone home . 
  so , instead of doing that next time things get difficult , work out what * else * you can do that wo n't put you in that situation . 
  you need to work on yourself to fix things instead of trying to get your own self worth from someone else 's opinion . 
  no one can be an island . 
  if you needed to move a massive piece of furniture up three flights of stairs , you would recognise that that is impossible and you need help . 
  emotions and stress are exactly the same . 
  ask for help , because you are a partner , not someone made out of stone .
