  simple answer . 
  gryffindor every time !, 
  i have a gryffindor scarf and gryffindor socks already , so i definitely know where i belong . 
  i 'm an adventurous kinda gal for sure . 
  the funeral scene in thor : tdw is sublimely beautiful , especially when they all release the orbs of light together . 
  really moving . 
  i also love the smithsonian scene in winter soldier , and the way they frame cap 's walk through the museum looking at himself . 
  that entrance shot where he 's walking incognito beside the massive fucking wall mural of his face in uniform just says everything about his life , really . 
  oh , and that very first reveal of the winter soldier where he shifts into focus through fury 's broken windscreens is brilliant , too . 
  the russos say in the commentary that they werent sure about revealing him so early on in the film , but i just love how eery it is . 
  because not everyone views marriage and nicknames in the same way you do ? 
  so what if people call each other ` hubby ' and ` wifey ' ? 
  they 're not you , or your relationship . 
  alison weir is excellent for tudor and elizabethan historical fiction , as she 's a historian first and novelist second . 
  her * innocent traitor * novel about lady jane grey is wonderful . 
  i do also love philippa gregory and her tudor series , particularly * the other boleyn girl * , but i 'm not quite as fond of her wars of the roses series . 
  bernard cornwell is always always brilliant for history . 
  you ca n't go wrong with his books . 
  oh god i love hollow crown so much !, 
  such a fabulous series . 
  pretty comfortable . 
  i 'll change for swimming/the gym in communal changing rooms without a problem . 
  i do n't stare at other women 's bodies so i generally assume that they 're not staring at mine . 
  i sent off a template letter to barclaycard as a ` might as well try it ' kind of effort . 
  i did n't get anything , but filling out a form with basic information is all you really need to do . 
  i love the scale comparisons we got in gotg . 
  james gunn was so good about having things like the massive ravager ship or dark aster against single characters or little single pilot ships in one shot . 
  it just showed how truly enormous those things were . 
  being social means interacting with other people ( i.e your group of friends ) not just flirting with random guys . 
  we go out to have fun . 
  sorry ( not sorry ) that that does n't include you . 
  a really gorgeous georgian house in the countryside with loads of bedrooms . 
  god knows a mortgage is way out of my reach right now , so a handy lottery win would do me fine for pinning down a house somewhere !, 
  probably the fact that you said ` every one was wearing the same goddamn boots [ ... ] when did they get so ubiquitous ' ( i 'm on mobile , so i ca n't quote exactly ) . 
  there just seems to be a really strong beef going on with you and the boots . 
  what does it matter ? 
  anything 's better than crocs , right ? 
  ugh i love downton , but it lost its way after series 2 . 
  dame maggie is amazing and the costumes are beautiful , but it needs to be put out of its misery sooner rather than later . 
  cooking please , especially if they cook for fun . 
  making food is all business for me ( except making cakes ) , so if my hypothetical so enjoyed creating good food , i 'd be more than happy to shove loads through the washing machine in return . 
  i just tend to get a little impatient and a little more lonely than usual , but that 's about it . 
  oh , and for some reason i get really clumsy . 
  pms luckily is n't really a thing for me . 
  okay , well , i can see where you 're getting frustrated with a lack of interaction . 
  on the other hand , everything you 've described seems to be about her interacting with your interests , rather than you digging in yo hers . 
  you said she described her book ` at length ' to you , and then you were both silent until you offered to explain your book to her . 
  was n't there anything you wanted to ask about hers instead ? 
  any of the characters or plot or cliffhangers ? 
  that seems like a far more natural segue to me rather than turning the subject round onto your interests . 
  it 's the same with the head/chest voice thing - you said you were rambling about it , and then wanted her opinion on a piece of music . 
  to me , that 's still about your opinion , not hers . 
  i would have asked more about if she has problems keeping out of her head voice . 
  does that make sense ? 
  for me , it 's not about her lack of curiosity , but more about the fact that you 're asking the wrong type of questions here . 
  a little bit of a left field suggestion , but its crufts next week , and crufts is all about responsible dog ownership . 
  it 's not just about show dogs , it 's got loads and loads of stalls and displays about fun training , ways to train , coll things you can do with your dog and generally loads and loads of amazing advice . 
  it 's a great day out - could you maybe take your girlfriend and have a fun day looking at cute dogs whilst also having a chat to knowledgeable people about training ? 
  what industry are you going into , what level and what area of scotland ? 
  salaries are n't as high here generally as they are in the states , more goes to tax , and houses are much smaller . 
  my mum took me to the four seasons last year for my birthday and it was divine . 
  they do everything for you , you 're not even allowed to touch the teapot before they jump in there and pour it out !, 
  i know mum had to book it quite far in advance , but it was so worth it . 
  golf is weird about women . 
  my dad looooves it , and i love the days when i get to have a go on the driving range with him , but as for actually getting out on the course and playing ? 
  it 's like golf ca n't make up its mind about us , and it 's really off putting . 
  like , on one hand you 've got all of the old boys courses like st andrews opening up , ( better late than never , but okay ) and on the other hand it feels like we 're being catered to rather than included , you know ? 
  everything is small . 
  everything ( * everything * ) is pink , and if it 's not pink , it 's purple . 
  you do n't have mixed rounds of golf , you have ladies days of golf , and even then i feel like women golfers are n't really taken seriously at all . 
  at least with sports like swimming and running , you do n't always feel like you 're being invited along for the sake of it , but you do get that with golf . 
  it still feels like a manly sport for the old boys ( with occasional ladies days ) . 
  maybe when that changes youll get a bigger uptake in membership , who knows ? 
  i vastly prefer dating older guys and generally avoid going more than a year or two younger . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  dating a 20 year old even at 25 would be unthinkable for me . 
  wayyyy too many differences at that stage of life !, 
  the emotional connection between the characters . 
  i am so into my marvel fanfiction at the moment , particularly anything steve rogers/bucky barnes , because holy * shit * the connection that people write between those two just supercharges everything into erotic overdrive . 
  it 's the absolute desire of ninety years of * want * that you get from the characters that really does it for me . 
  the sex is almost incidental sometimes , because the tension just does everything for you already . 
  from a stranger ? 
  creepy . 
  sincerely creepy . 
  please do n't ever do this . 
  could n't give a toss about pecs . 
  broad shoulders and great back though ? 
  yes yes yes every single time . 
  if it 's from a * stranger * then it is creepy . 
  full stop , no exceptions . 
  if i do not know you and you confess romantic feelings to me in several written paragraphs , that shit is going in the bin . 
  if we are friends and know each other and there is genuine sexual tension or casual flirtation between is , that is a different matter . 
  know where your lines are drawn . 
  under your classification , i guess about ten ? 
  i 'm 29 . 
  out of those i have four particularly close female friends who i would be happy to go on a holiday alone with or spend a good few days tromping around with . 
  mostly because he announced it at the same time as he facebooked the aou iron man poster . 
  nah , they 're all from completely separate friendship groups . 
  that was brilliant !, 
  i loved the stop sign pinging up and the brass band .
