  money does n't massively come into it for me . 
  personally ,, 
  ambition is the drive to improve yourself and climb the ladder of life somehow . 
  a guy does n't have to have career ambition for me - if he likes his job as an office worker or nursery assistant or plain old postman , then awesome . 
  that 's great . 
  i 'm not going to push him to go into management or anything . 
  but i would like to see him do something extra to improve his knowledge instead - extra training , evening classes perhaps . 
  i 'd also be happy if he was ambitious in his hobbies , like entering competitions or doing extra-long bike rides just to push himself a bit more , or trying to beat a personal best on weights . 
  whatever . 
  just * trying * something is good enough for me . 
  we must read at the same speed then :d if a book 's really good , i can easily get through two or three in a week as well . 
  do you find you tend to skim read and miss details sometimes ? 
  i 've heard so many good things about that caitlin moran book . 
  another friend recommended it to me at least a year ago . 
  i really should get around to reading it sometime . 
   i was reading along and realized something big had happened and i 'd missed it . 
  it was a subtle event , only a sentence or two , but it changed the course of a characters life . 
  i had to go back and retread that chapter a bit slower to catch it . 
  i 've done the exact same thing before - so frustrating . 
  i 'm really really trying to slow myself down when i read , but when books are that good i just want to devour it as fast as i can . 
  i slogged through affc and raced through adwd , so enjoy it !, 
  it 's got some great plot twists in . 
  i 've never read it or heard of it either !, 
  what 's it about ? 
  i did start reading a history of god but decided i 'm not * that * into theology to finish it . 
  it 's still sitting on my bookshelf , actually . 
  i really should try and read it again some time . 
  yes , same here . 
  it 's been at about 40 % on my kindle for a while now . 
  i 've read it before so i know i love it , but tom bombadil and that stupid forest drives me nuts and puts me off reading it . 
  for some reason i just did n't enjoy the * liveship * series as much . 
  i might go back and try again because kennit is awesome , i love paragon and i love all the series linkage she puts in . 
  i think i 'm still a bit in love with fitz and the fool though , so liveship does n't quite match up to them . 
   when you have to read a bunch of primary sources and are constantly warned not to bring your own preconceived notions into your analysis sometimes it 's just fun to read something and think ` this guy is a complete asshole with no redeeming value ' and not have to equivocate . 
  ahahahaha i love that . 
  i 'm about to go into my second year of a history degree where the module is all about evaluating sources so i 'm pretty sure i 'll be feeling a hefty dose of that quite soon !, 
  see i loved follet 's earlier books , but i tried winter of the world and i hated it . 
  i just do n't think he lets the reader get as emotionally involved with the characters as i normally like . 
  he kept skipping viewpoints too much . 
  oh i quite liked * the kingmaker 's daughter * . 
  i 've struggled a bit with her cousin 's series , but tkd was quite good . 
  she 's so good with characters is n't she ? 
  oh you 're in for a fabulous time if you 've only just started * tawny man * !, 
  such a heartbreaking and wonderful series . 
  i think the fool has to be one of my all time favourite fictional characters . 
  i love the way she links all of the series together , too . 
  read and adore brandon sanderson . 
  i 'm on tenterhooks waiting a ) to be able to download steelheart and b ) for words of radiance to be released . 
  he seems like such a cool dude too !, 
  you know he 's on reddit , right ? 
  / u/mistborn, 
  i know  i do love the way she weaves it all together , and i do know where the fool gets tucked away in liveships . 
  i think after i 've finished rain wilds i might go back and try tawny man and liveships again . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm always looking out for a good new fantasy series to read so i 'll remember that for next time . 
  i love mistborn like a huge loving pile of love and recommend it out to all my friends whenever i can . 
  such a brilliant series . 
  the way of kings is fantastic too !, 
  up , generally . 
  i had on a big austen-esque empire line maxi dress yesterday and had to roll it up to around my boobs to stop the back drooping into the loo . 
  taking it off would have been even more of a hassle . 
  best fruit salad i ever had in greece :, 
  strawberries , oranges , apples , grapes , kiwis , bananas all chopped up in a bowl . 
  dollop on greek yogurt . 
  drizzle honey over the top . 
  take out to a nice spot of sunshine and indulge . 
  sooo good . 
  melon wrapped in parma ham is my particular favourite for that sort of meal . 
  the harry potter series is entirely british . 
  adapted from a scottish author and set , filmed and cast all in gb . 
  that bucks the trend pretty well does n't it ? 
  no , you 're right , i just checked her biography . 
  born in gwent , uni in exeter , then lived in portugal and then edinburgh . 
  not scottish , but still british . 
  i wo n't date single fathers , simply because at this moment i do n't want to be involved in parenting children . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i want my own kids someday , but right now i do n't want to end up being mum to someone elses . 
  i 've had guys tell me i would n't have to worry as their teenagers and i would be seperate entities and they spend such and such time at their mum 's anyway , but imho if i 'm dating the dad i 'll be involved with the kids at some point . 
  they 're fun while they last , but they 're a bit too heart wrenching for me afterwards since my emotions tend to linger after the guy 's upped and gone . 
  i always end up feeling quite disappointed at the end of them . 
  it 's why i 've sworn off them for now . 
   depends on how strong the feelings are . 
  i dated a guy & fell head over heels in a short term relationship & was stuck on him for several years after ( yikes , i know ) . 
  same !, 
  our actual ` relationship ' only lasted about a fortnight but we had such crazy chemistry that we ended up doing the fwb thing for a good three years . 
  it took me longer than that to * really * get over him , and even now if i saw him again i 'm sure it would give me butterflies even though he 's gone and got married . 
  not fun . 
  i 'm 28 and had this happen to me a month or so ago . 
  drop him . 
  if he actually wanted anything with you , * he * would put the effort in to contact * you * . 
  do n't bother with someone who does n't bother about you . 
  it 's not worth the hassle . 
  it does n't sound like you 're pressuring anyone at all . 
  it sounds like you 're expressing your opinions sensibly , at the right time , and people listen to you and take your seriously enough to change their minds about their opinions . 
  be flattered by that !, 
  you were n't dating . 
  you were flirting . 
  at that point she can kiss or sleep with whoever she likes . 
  just because you decided she was your ` dibs ' does n't mean you 're the only one entitled to do anything with her . 
  yeah it was douchey for john to kiss her when he knew you liked her , but he did n't actually do anything wrong .
