  the great british weather is actually the norse god loki in disguise , seeing as it 's always playing tricks on us . 
  it 's hardly ever the the same for two hours in a row . 
  anyway , i would much rather have our mild , whimsical weather than crazy american tornados and super storms swooping down on us . 
  how over dramatic . 
  no thank you . 
  sell them at a car boot sale ? 
  mine went like a treat for 20p each or something . 
  if you do n't want to go , do n't go . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's not like you 're never going to be invited to another party ever again , and if it 's not your scene , that 's cool . 
  or , do option b ) : go , but just for a few hours until midnight or whatever . 
  you do n't have to stay for the entire thing , you can stay for as long as you feel comfortable with . 
  give yourself a chance to meet new people , be in a different atmosphere . 
  i 'm not saying go to the club , down four jaegerbombs in a row and get slaughtered , i 'm just saying go , have a pint or two , talk to new people , have a bit of a laugh and then duck out when you feel like you want to go home . 
  the more your friend sees you want to be involved , the more things you 'll get invites to . 
  i 'd also add that it 's great that you 've picked up your personal appearance and you have more confidence in yourself , but doing your hair and going to the gym is n't going to bring friends and a social life flocking to you . 
  * you * have to go to * them * . 
  you 're in first year of uni - go find a society !, 
  there 's tons of them . 
  being at uni is the ideal place to make friends , and sometimes you need to push your boundaries and be a little bit uncomfortable to really grow . 
  well , he does n't really * know * it is n't his scene . 
  he said he never went to any parties before . 
  i 've been to parties where i did n't know anyone at all , just struck up conversations generally about the host and had a great time . 
  i think it sounds like op just needs to come out of his shell a bit more . 
  i feel exactly the same as you . 
  i 'm 29 and a serial dater , but nothing 's ever clicked for me . 
  i 'll go on a few of them and have a nice time , maybe date for a month and then either one of us will fade out , which will put me off for months . 
  my mum is * so keen * for me to be dating , too . 
  she puts magazine articles about dating apps in front of me and asks constantly whether i 've signed up for them , or asks me about [ x ] guy that things did n't work out with . 
  it drives me nuts , and actually makes me * less * keen to date . 
  it 's just stupidly hard work so much of the time . 
  right now i 'm just going by the method of telling all of my coupled friends to keep an eye out for cool single guys for me , and hoping someone will play matchmaker . 
  i 'll browse okc and match every so often , but organising dates feels like it takes as much effort as having an extra job . 
  funnily enough , being over keen . 
  i went on a date a few months ago with a guy who was super super keen on everything . 
  me , the restaurant , the food , the drinks . 
  everything . 
  we were at a chain pizza place , but it might as well have been a cordeon bleu restaurant for how ` just wonderful ' he said it was . 
  we were on a first date , but he practically declared his love on the spot . 
  i know he was nervous , but god , please calm down . 
  side note : we went on one date . 
  i faded ( yes , i know ) . 
  he still has n't stopped texting me . 
  can you imagine how unbearably smothering that would have been if we had actually dated ? 
  oh i love hugs !, 
  as long as i actually know you , even just as a vague acquaintance , a hug is fine with me . 
  other people have different touch boundaries , though . 
  really ? 
  you 're bitter because she did n't personally tell you that she 's knocked up ? 
  this is how things work now , and you 're massively overreacting about it . 
  every single one of my friends has announced on facebook first . 
  the only one who has n't is my cousin who seems to be keeping this on the down low anyway , and it was my aunt who told us . 
  this is not about you or your friendship or anything . 
  it 's a mass announcement through the widest medium to everyone from auntie joyce to vague i-went-to-school-with-you john . 
  i did two level 2 60 credit modules concurrently last year and will be doing two level 3 60 credit modules together this year to graduate next summer after 3 years study . 
  i also work full time . 
  it * is * possible , but my god it 's a bitch to do . 
  i had zero social life last year and i 'm expecting exactly the same this year , if not more because of all of the reading i 'll be doing . 
  april and may were total write offs because of exams , and i was ready to throw in the towel in march when i reached the point of `` could not give a single fuck . '', 
  i expect you could possible do three courses at the same time , but if you want to keep any semblance of sanity , please do n't . 
  as far as assignments go , you have set dates that each tma ( tutor marked assessment ) has to be in by , and they 're usually a month apart . 
  the courses are structured to guide you through the materials , and each tma normally builds on the study that you 've already done , and you get tutor feedback with each one to help you improve . 
  i have heard of people doing all of the tmas before term even starts , but that seems a bit daft to me . 
  well , i 'm planning to do a pgce next year and retrain as a teacher , so i 'll stick with that . 
  it kind of seems helpful to me . 
  i suspect either / r/relationships / r/mommit or / r/parenting ( or even / r/legaladvice as there 's a court order ) will be better placed to help you , as we tend to mostly skew childfree round here . 
  yeah , but honestly if we were having a debate/argument/whatever , and then one of my friends just whipped out a scientific study to prove their point , i 'd be a bit taken aback . 
  the best way to do it is ask pointed questions , like / u/ladyintheatre suggested , that will get them to think and reconsider * why * they have that opinion . 
  try asking in / r/iwantout as we 're generally all a domesticated bunch around here and do n't know much about the visas or regulations you need . 
  they change all the time , so the iwo lot are quite up to date on what you need to know . 
  sometimes i get aggravated by the way other women act . 
  sometimes i also get aggravated by the way men act . 
  i dislike childish behaviour , stupid drunk people , know-it-alls and ` i 'm so random ' people . 
  none of those behaviours are unique to women in particular . 
  my dad is a huge sci-fi/fantasy fan , with hundreds of books on shelves in our study . 
  i vividly remember just staring at the cover of [ the dragonbone chair ] ( http://d.gr-assets.com/books/1386922279l/91981.jpg ) for ages when i was younger , wondering who the boy on the cover was and what happened . 
  i mean , i still have n't actually read the book , but i know the cover really well !, 
  i 'm sure dad read the hobbit to me when i was little too - or rather , he said he did until i started correcting him a bit too much ... 
  my brother has never been a book reader , so when i saw him devouring harry potter i * had * to read it too . 
  he banned me from reading gof until he 'd finished it - so i stole it while he was out or sleeping and finished it first . 
  he was absolutely furious with me !, 
  i think mine and dad 's tastes are generally quite different , as when we talk about books now we do n't really seem to overlap , but it 's nice to know how much love for the genre we both share . 
  [ ucas ] ( http://www.ucas.com/how-it-all-works/international/searching-uk-courses ) is where you need to look for postgrad courses or [ postgrad search ] ( http://www.postgraduatesearch.com/postgraduate/publicity-and-public-relations/uk/study/postgraduate-browse.htm ) which seems to have a couple . 
  we call them postgraduate rather than just graduate , which might help your search , and it 's courses rather than programmes . 
  * endless baby photos . 
  they all look the same . 
  i 'm sure your new kidlet is very cute and wonderful , but * please * stop posting five identical photos every single day . 
  * vaguebooking, 
  * #hashtageverythinginsight #itallrunstogether #doyouevenknowwhatyou ` resaying #pleasepleasestop, 
  it 's a wonderful bit of schadenfreude when they break up , too . 
  i feel fine about it . 
  i had fun , met some cool guys and had a good time . 
  no big deal . 
  never . 
  maybe i 'll do the occasional spray of deodorant into them , but that 's about it . 
  i 've also never ever noticed the smell of someone 's shoes , seeing as they 're always wearing them - do your friends have super smell senses or something ? 
  men for me . 
  especially when they 're nice and toned . 
  thanks !, 
  i keep hearing it 's a massive slog , but i 'm looking forward to making a go of it .
