  you have to put * some * effort into this whole thing , you know . 
  ` you 're female and want to plan a camping trip ' is a better start . 
  awww that 's really sweet !, 
  best of luck to you both !, 
  no problem , 
  okay , let 's put it bluntly . 
  you 're on a dating site . 
  you are looking to meet new girls , go on dates with them and hopefully start a relationship with them . 
  you do n't do that by cutting out a whole swathe of people who might be interested in you four paragraphs in and then asking advice from lots of internet strangers since you 're not getting any dates . 
  because , surprise surprise , you 're putting deterring political statements on your front page . 
  save it for when you 're actually discussing politics over dinner . 
  100 % better . 
  good work !, 
  you might be looking for something casual , but 90 % of other people on okc are looking for something more serious than just a couple of fucks . 
  they just want to see that the other person is putting the effort in , is all . 
  so , cool joke profile . 
  nice borderline between date-profile satire and actually sort of trying . 
  where 's the real one ? 
  definitely too much . 
  get rid of the lurid green photos for a start . 
  and the one ( s ) of you in your underwear . 
  no one needs to see that before they even know your name . 
  most of its pretty cool ( if a bit offbeat , but hey , different strokes ) , but you could probably expand the ` thinking about ' section a bit more than just two lines . 
  and do n't use the private thing section as a pity party , it wo n't work . 
  you kind of veer from crazy upbeat dude to woe-for-me dude in six sections , which does n't exactly give off the best impression to potential message-ees . 
  yes , this too . 
  an empty house is a drain on the owners resources - repairs still need to be done , pipes checked , garden maintained , occasional cleaning done etc etc while still paying a mortgage on it without a return . 
  this way they get a trustworthy tenant , probably are asking you for the same amount back in rent as they pay in mortgage and get to make sure the house is being looked after . 
  it 's win win on both sides of the conversation . 
  you clearly want to be pissed about this , and that 's fine . 
  be pissed , and get it out your system . 
  what 's done is done , your boyfriend had a moment of absent minded stupidness , picked a date and it happened to be the week of your birthday . 
  i 'm sure he did n't mean it maliciously . 
  go out with your friends ( and ignore him saying he does n't want you to , that 's stupid ) , have a good birthday and then have a second even better celebration when he gets back . 
  out of all of the things to possibly fight about , is this really the hill you want to die on ? 
  you said it yourself he was coming around to your party plans . 
  look , his dad is obviously a huge deal for him too , and as exciting as your 21st birthday plans are they are probably not the centre of his world like his dad is when he announces he 's going to pay for a flight for him . 
  so just do what you were going to do , go out and have fun , and lay off your boyfriend for being more excited about something that 's not to do with you . 
  not to mention if she did fall pregnant and then you 'd found all this out , you 'd spend the rest of the pregnancy agonising over whether the kid was actually yours or not . 
  i 'm not so well-read on the subject of wartime american children , but if your daughter had been british , she would not have had specific wartime jobs to help with , but she most likely would have been evacuated ( without you unless you were pregnant ) to the countryside to be out of danger from german bombing raids . 
  the bbc suggests that around three million people were evacuated out of the cities , but history in focus estimates more like a 1.25 million , in an effort nicknamed ` operation pied piper ' by the government at the time . 
  children were ` billeted ' to rural communities who were n't always equipped to deal with a surge of newcomers being sent , and nothing was arranged on their arrival , mostly because of government over-estimates of available families . 
  hosts were picked by the local evacuation co-ordinater , were fined if refused and would not be allocated children . 
  instead , they would pick their billets out of a line up once the evacuees arrived at the train station . 
  [ history learning site ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/children_and_world_war_two.htm ) has quite a good quote about it :, 
  the children from the cities had been tarred by a reputation that was undeserved -- but many of those in rural england expected children to be riddled with parasites and to engage in anti-social behaviour . 
  such was the perception at the time . 
  `` i noticed a woman looking at evacuees ' hair and opening their mouths , but one of the helpers said , `` they might come from the east end , but they 're children , not animals . '', 
  r baker , evacuee from bethnal green . 
  a good film to watch ( or book to read ) with your daughter about it would be * goodnight mr tom * , which is all about a city boy being evacuated to a grumpy old man in the countryside during the war . 
  the evacuation process actually happened multiple times in small flurries . 
  the original effort was in 1939 , but due to the so called ` phoney war ' where little on the war front actually seemed to happen a lot of the children ( around 60 % ) had returned by christmas and were then evacuated away again when the blitz began in 1940 . 
  children were all given gas masks , tagged with their names and allowed a certain amount of luggage to carry , and there was a heartbreaking exhibit that finished last year at the imperial war museum with some of the suitcases and belongings they took with them . 
  great , thanks . 
  my handstand 's nowhere near a minute yet , so i 'll keep drilling that to get it solid and go from there . 
  i think it might !, 
  the gym has a mat for the floor with a beam outline on that i 've been using to close my grip . 
  guess i 'll just keep up the practice !, 
  sex aside , do you two actually go out on dates ? 
  go anywhere with friends ? 
  just go out somewhere ? 
  i 'm reading her statement as actually telling you `` i 'm worried that all we ever do is sit around doing sexy things and never anything else . '', 
  how often do you leave the house with her or take days out and just talk with her ? 
  or do you have a routine something like ` go to school , go home , watch a film , eat , have sexytimes ? ', 
  because that 's probably half her problem - she wants to do things with you and have good times with you before you both go to university . 
  you need to sit your friend down and pretty much say that you 're very grateful that they care about you so much and they 're concerned for your emotional well-being , but they majorly overstepped the line and you 're dealing with your boyfriend yourself . 
  you can see why he said what he said , but that does n't make it right . 
  you do , however , need to have this conversation when you 're calm and not when you 're worked up about it , because that will only make things worse . 
  duck feathers = down, 
  do you have any photos at all that are n't of you sitting in the same chair staring at a webcam ? 
  you basically have three identical photos ( me in the dark !, 
  me during the day !, 
  me ... during the day again !, 
  ) , and some variety would be nice . 
  * having a really hard time taking okcupid seriously . 
  so ... why would i message you ? 
  i know it 's ridiculous sometimes , but at least either sound like you 're a * little * bit enthusiastic about using the site to find a girl or take this line out altogether . 
  ** what i 'm doing with my life, 
  college **, 
  doing what ? 
  studying what ? 
  aiming to do ... what ? 
  you need lots more explanation here . 
  capitalise more of your sentences . 
  the second half of your profile just starts looking a bit lazy when you do n't bother using proper grammar , and that 'll turn a lot of girls off . 
  ** you should message me if, 
  ~ you did n't just make your okcupid for some online attention . 
  but you just said earlier you 're not serious about it ? 
  so are n't you just looking for some online attention too , really ? 
  apart from that , it 's kind of a douchey thing to say . 
  yes . 
  it 's called the everyone is psychic ticky box . 
  [ fasnacht in basel , switzerland ] ( http://www.basel.ch/en/kultur/jahreshighlights/fasnacht-2.htm ) . 
  i 've been there once and it 's the most amazing time . 
  the festival is dependent on the lent period , so the 2014 dates should be easy enough to find via google . 
  you are so awesome and handled that so incredibly well !, 
  print it out and stick it on your wall to remind yourself what a cool level-headed girl you are . 
  i do n't think anyone here could have done any better :d, 
   the british are a very self-deprecating people , making a big deal about our own individual successes is not something we do . 
  i think this is an important point - it 's very ingrained in us that it 's embarrassing to be the ` top ' of anything , or to be seen to be trying too hard .
