  when i got promoted during my contract , i moved from a small , hot , shared bunked interior cabin on an okay level to a big double bed cabin with actual portholes in on a higher level up . 
  all the actors were incredibly jealous . 
  when i worked onboard i dated a bartender who decided in the middle of his new years passenger party shift that he was going to party upstairs with the crew instead , since it was his birthday . 
  he got collared first thing the next morning by the head of security , disciplined by committee , escorted to his room to pack his shit and had a taxi ordered at the port we were in that day to take him to the airport . 
  all happened within about three hours . 
  to be fair , he kinda deserved it . 
  apply directly to the lines . 
  i applied to disney and their agents got me a job on regent seven seas cruises . 
  after that contract i applied directly to royal caribbean but never took up the job . 
  as the onboard stage manager , my followspot operators in the theatre shows had come directly from their bar and waitressing jobs . 
  the filipino guys just worked stupid hours and had contracts twice or three times as long as any western crew . 
  i was onboard for six months , but loads of them were there for eighteen . 
  oh i worked regent and it was all marketing , dressed up with a lot of passenger blurb and not much substance . 
  they say they 're 6 star lines - we always said they were three stars on each side . 
  we had to pay for cards to access wifi on a kind of credit system , and the speeds were * abysmal * , but we did get it much cheaper than the passengers at least . 
  pretty much anything you buy as crew you buy cheaper than anyone else . 
  i * loved * our crew bar parties . 
  they were insane . 
  after the bar closed we 'd all just buy a few bottles , take it up to crew deck on the top of the ship and carry on going until stupid o'clock in the morning . 
  i 've got pretty big tatas , so it 's sort of a relaxing thing to stroke them . 
  i tend to do it unconsciously when i 'm relaxed . 
  they 're just like stress balls attached to the front of my chest , really . 
  they 're very handy for intimate moments , and normally get quite a positive reaction . 
  you did n't ask it , but i do wish mine were smaller quite often . 
  not having backache all the damn time would be * amazing * . 
  also , finding a button down shirt or a cute dress to actually fit without either stretching over my boobs , or crushing my lungs can be a real bitch . 
  so yeah . 
  smaller boobs would be lovely . 
  ucas is our main university application website , and it 's got a section for international students so you should be able to get a lot of information on there . 
  broken down a little simply , we do n't have the major/minor system of the us . 
  we apply to several different universities at once through ucas , rather than individually , and you apply for one subject that you will study for all three or four years . 
  there are no pre-requisite classes or grading average system , you just study your own degree subject . 
  some universities are campus based like us ones , others are made up of various buildings spread through a city . 
  cambridge and oxford ( and durham ? ), 
  are collegiate universities , so there is no one central university campus at all , and you belong to a certain college ( merton , trinity , kings college , magdalen , st catz etc ) which then also belongs to the overall university of [ ... ], 
  our version of ` ivy league ' are the [ russell group ] ( http://www.russellgroup.ac.uk/our-universities.aspx ) universities , and though it can look better to have gone to one of them , going to a ` lesser ' uni does n't affect you hugely . 
  lots of universities also offer a year 's study abroad , so a good way to do it might be to go to a us uni and then go to their partner uk uni for a year . 
  current student fees for uk and eu students are around # 9,000 a year - just having a quick look at the university of nottingham [ international students fees page ] ( http://www.nottingham.ac.uk/fees/tuitionfees/201314/ugcourses201314.aspx ) which was the first one that came up for me on google looks like it goes between # 13,000 and # 16,500 per year for international students . 
  from what i gather , the atmosphere of british universities are quite different from us ones . 
  we do n't have big sports games or big support for college sport teams ( apart from oxbridge rowing , maybe ) , we do n't have the greek system at all , or names for years other than calling incoming first years freshers . 
  university is always ` university ' or maybe ` college ' depending where you go , not ` school ' . 
  people tend to live in digs for first year and then live out for years two/three/four . 
  going on to postgraduate education is much less expected over here too , and we do n't really have the concept of ` grad school ' . 
  why are you going from liverpool * all the way down * to cornwall and then back up again to oxford ? 
  would n't it be easier to do liverpool  oxford  cornwall  london ? 
  that way you spend a couple of weeks diddling around the midlands before heading down south and then back to london . 
  i think you 're giving yourself an awful lot of driving to do - personally , i 'd skip nottingham . 
  i went to drama school . 
  i was surrounded by gorgeous gay men for three years pretty much constantly , who of course i fancied the pants off of . 
  frustrating , since they were hot , charming actors who were totally unobtainable , but very fun to flirt with . 
  i broke my three year drought last week . 
  so , not often . 
  i could probably fix up one night stands if i wanted them , but i do n't . 
  me too . 
  such a weird concept . 
  where does it put things like folk music and classical music if adele is ` girly ' ? 
  bras , always . 
  knickers and swimwear never , or over my own underwear . 
  you ca n't control her feelings for you . 
  you 've broken up and are moving on . 
  you ca n't * make * her stay in love with you while she 's off having adventures in college , it 's just not going to happen . 
  you also ca n't ` move on and keep feelings ' - how can you possibly do that when the whole point of moving on is to get past those feelings for someone else ? 
  you need to break up with her * properly * , block her facebook , stop torturing yourself by looking at pictures and let her live her new life while you go have yours . 
  i 'm 28 . 
  i 'm so over going out and partying . 
  i 'd just rather stay home with the dog and a good book , or maybe go to the pub for a long chat with good friends every so often . 
  i want quality in my life , not quantity , and i want nicer things rather than just whatever 's cheapest . 
  i 'd like nice long dinners rather than impromptu parties , and the settled life rather than crazy all-nighters . 
  it happens . 
  it 's part of getting older . 
  to be honest , it sounds like she 's grown up and you have n't . 
  it also sounds like you 'd rather break up with her and go find another girl who likes to party , than do some soul searching and be the more mature man i reckon she 'd prefer . 
  hey , i 'm not going to tell you ` do go see her ' or ` do n't go see her ' . 
  you make your own rules . 
  but if it were me , i 'd avoid seeing her until you can handle it in a more platonic manner , otherwise you 'd constantly just be stirring the pot and bringing up fresh feelings every time she came home . 
  it would ( almost certainly ) make it harder to really get over her . 
  right now i have two jobs ( technically three since i 've picked up a day a week volunteering in a local school for experience ) , plus i 'm about to go back to studying for my second degree . 
  so i feel you on the life/work balance . 
  first thing to do is figure out when you have the most energy . 
  is it in the morning or the evening ? 
  schedule your hobbies for then - an early morning gym class or a run , perhaps . 
  personally i have enough energy to keep going for a while when i get in from work , so i do my hobbies , like my gymnastics class or my dog showing class , all about 7/7 .30 in the evening . 
  i do n't stop and watch tv basically - i come in , put the dog out or walk him , get changed , have dinner and go straight out again . 
  once i sit down i 'm done for the night , so i try and make sure i do n't do that . 
  i try and get eight hours sleep ( does n't always work ) , but i do set my alarm so i have an hour and a half get-ready time in the morning . 
  when i wake up i have about twenty minutes dawdling time , twenty minutes for breakfast , half an hour for a shower and dressing ( including makeup and hair stuff , but i have short hair ) and then ten to fifteen minutes to get my shit together and get out the door . 
  if your energy is lacking , have a look at vitamins with iron in , as it * really * helps pick your energy levels back up . 
  a multivitamin a day would probably help you feel more up to speed with the world , actually , so have a look for a cheap bottle you can keep in your desk drawer . 
  i 'd say just try and make time for yourself at work . 
  have a lunch break , have a tea break mid-afternoon , get outside for some sun when you can and try and leave on time as much as possible to give yourself an actual life . 
  work is important , but it * is n't * the be all and end all . 
  figure out your energy patterns and play them to your advantage . 
  schedule yourself some me-time and give yourself space to move - you * will * feel better about yourself once you just give yourself ten minutes for some primer , foundation , eyelash curlers and mascara in the morning , and once you get back into the swing of it you 'll find it just becomes a habit . 
  that 's really the key to it all . 
   i 've considered going to my supervisor , but i 'm worried about being fired if i tell him that i 'm struggling . 
  it 's actually in your supervisors interests to have happy , confident , productive employees rather than ones who feel like they 're drowning under work . 
  the one thing i learned from working in theatres is to ** always ask for help ** . 
  maybe you ca n't carry that massive set piece by yourself , but someone else helping with the other end of it makes it lighter for both of you . 
  if the company like you , they 'll want to keep you . 
  really , do n't be afraid - just sit down with your supervisor , tell them how much you like the job , but you 're finding it a little bit difficult to effectively manage your workload at the moment , and you 'd like some help if possible .
