  i 'm in east anglia . 
  for me :, 
  waitrose, 
  co op, 
  asda, 
  morrisons, 
  lidl, 
  iceland, 
  chocolate , socks , pyjama bottoms . 
  all the cosy things !, 
  i 'm attracted to fit , handsome men whatever their sexual orientation . 
  finding out they 're gay does n't put me off - i can still admire the view after all , and gay men * tend * to look after their appearance , which is attractive . 
  there 's more there than i 'd like there to be , but i 've just started c25k , so i 'm making an effort to change it . 
  bbc , some disneyland/disneyworld channels , marvel uk , british gymnastics , the royal opera house . 
  mostly companies , i guess . 
  the only vloggers i subscribe to are [ fit and fun with coach meggin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucwmigfmkvvcxbvytkeyrziw ) who 's a really chirpy stuntwoman who does loads of gymnastics and workout videos and [ jaaackjack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uclpj321_mfmcx2r1f8q5era ) who does get ready with me and what am i wearing stuff . 
  the one i 'm on most at the moment is [ clevver movies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqmbqh7xju5atapq9y_u7wq ) since they do lots of marvel/comic/superhero type stuff and i like their presenter erin a lot . 
  what sort of friends do you have that they tell you they 've taken sexy photos , let alone share them ?? 
  this has never , ever been an issue , and i hope to god it stays that way . 
   it was just using a term society uses for a guy whos not overwhelmingly confident, 
  no , it 's a term a * certain minority of men on the internet use * to talk about guys who do n't have confidence . 
  i can assure you that general society as a whole does not tell men how ` beta ' they are just because they do n't luck out in a club . 
  most people i know do , yes . 
  it 's normally done through department stores like debenhams or john lewis . 
  in the bigger scheme of things , sometimes - i mean , i 'm never going to be an astronaut or a hollywood celebrity or a nobel prize awardee or anything . 
  i 'm never going to change the whole world . 
  but in the smaller ways , i definitely matter to my friends , to my family and to the people i have or will work with . 
  i 've changed and affected lots of little things along the way , and all that builds up . 
  anyway , to be perfectly honest , the world does n't revolve around * me * . 
  i 'm not really that important . 
  i 'm just another face , you know ? 
  but i have lots of people who love me for all kinds of things , and i 'm really important to them . 
  that 's enough for me . 
  yup !, 
  i love going off and trying new things or exploring somewhere unfamiliar . 
  i definitely like a bit of adventure in my life . 
  i never think people have heard me , so i just keep repeating myself a lot . 
  also , i * always * get the hiccups when i 've had a few drinks . 
  it 's the most irritating thing in the world . 
  we lost our last dog beema three years ago very very suddenly - i was out of town , but my parents told me they came downstairs to find out he had coughed up a lot of blood , and when they took him to the vets , they were told it was a tumor in his throat and there was nothing that could be done . 
  they put him to sleep and then called me . 
  i cried , pretty much all that night and for a lot of the next day , and it took me a good few months to stop tearing up whenever i talked about him . 
  i never tried to stop mentioning him though - god it hurt , but talking about all the silly things he did with my parents and my friends helped a * lot * . 
  it meant i started remembering the happy times with him instead of just the sad part of his death . 
  i still get upset sometimes when i think about him , but allowing myself that space to look at his photos and mention him in conversation really made a big difference for me . 
  i 'm so , so sorry about your cat , and it 's such a horrible thing , but * please * do n't blame yourself . 
  it was an accident , and i know you did n't mean to hurt her . 
  you gave her the easiest way out and did n't try to prolong her suffering . 
  you are a * good * person , and sometimes really awful things happen even with the best of intentions . 
  big hugs . 
  there is never enough goats cheese in my life . 
  or grilled halloumi . 
  omfg grilled halloumi , with a mug of lapsang souchong tea . 
  heaven . 
  i find it interesting how you 're so focused on this whole thing about independence and uniqueness , but in your very first paragraph you told us about all of the things that you 've achieved that any normal person would look to get - house , job , car , pension pot . 
  you 're dumping all of these people for not being ` unique ' , but - mate , you 're not that unique yourself . 
  you 're a six foot guy living in la who wears jeans and a white shirt , likes jazz , drives a motorbike and wants a girlfriend . 
  for me reading this post , you 're just another bloke on the street . 
  i 'd really ask yourself * why * you 're so determined on one hand to be a single special individual who is so totally set apart and special with a set apart , special girlfriend , whilst at the same time you so clearly * do * want to fit in with everyone else . 
  did you get bullied at school at all ? 
  is it some kind of defence ? 
  i 'd also consider that those people you say you do n't like - the ones who stay in the same town with the same friends - they 're sticking with what 's comfortable for * them * . 
  sure , they might not get to do half the cool stuff you end up doing , but why does that make them worse off ? 
  their personal attachment roots are going really deep down , while yours are just hovering at the surface . 
  you can cut and run at any time and go be a brand new person anywhere you like . 
  does that honestly make you a * better * person than a friend who gets to know everyone in their community and spends years nurturing all of their different relationships ? 
  or does it just make you a different type ? 
  i wonder who you 're actually trying to prove all of this to . 
  who are you actually trying to show that you 're so unique ? 
  your old friends from school ? 
  they do n't care . 
  you stopped talking to them - why would they really care about whether you left your home town or not ? 
  your old college friends ? 
  you stopped talking to them , too . 
  the wider world ? 
  why does it care how ` different ' you are ? 
  i 'm a general person who 's part of the wider world , and i can honestly tell you that i really do n't give a toss about whether you 're bucking the system or not . 
  you 're just a guy in la. 
  what you do with your life does n't bother me . 
  go and be a vagabond if you like , but i can guess that 's it not going to be half as cool as you think it might be . 
  the only people who have an honest , active interest in your life are your parents and your best friend , and let 's be truthful here , they are not really truly going to care what you do with your life as long as you are * happy * . 
  i have lots of small goals rather than one big one . 
  become a teacher . 
  buy a house . 
  breed my own litter of my favourite breed of dogs at some arbitrary point in the future when i have time , space and money . 
  travel more . 
  be happy . 
  get a masters in history or classics . 
  get married . 
  have a family . 
  live until the point where i see human travel in space . 
  have enough money to be comfortable . 
  see japan . 
  see my friend in the states . 
  get this degree under my belt . 
  all sorts of stuff !, 
  i want to get along with guys and have a laugh with them , not hold them up to some arbitrary standard of tests . 
  who are we kidding here , i 'm not perfect . 
  why would i ` test ' some guy to see if he is ? 
  as a single girl who is also reeeallllly busy in life but would like to date , i can empathise with her , and with you .
