  [ michael mcintyre - people without kids ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufqfylq2jgg ) . 
  i do n't have children , but this 6 minute piece just has me crying with laughter every time . 
  no , because i 'm monogamous and i would want my partner to be monogamous too . 
  i guess i 'm looking at it from a more selfish pov in that i want all of his attention to be on me and not need to split his time with another partner . 
  casino royale . 
  it 's cool , sexy , has a dry sense of humour and daniel craig is my favourite bond . 
  goldeneye will always have the best game , though . 
  yup , huge disqualifier . 
  i trained and worked in theatre for years , half my friends are gay . 
  if you feel skeevy around gay people or make homophobic comments then we ca n't be friends , let alone romantic partners . 
  chocolate, 
  and warm socks . 
  exactly the same here !, 
  one day i just couldnt get access any more , which i just thought was bizarre . 
  and now it 's stuck on my top bar and i cant get rid of the damn thing . 
  honestly , i 'd find it incredibly weird . 
  we 're overrun with foxes here , and they scavenge through bins , set my dog barking at 4am and destroy rubbish all across the road . 
  if you owned one , i 'd be like wtf are you doing , is a dog not good enough ? 
  but that 's just me . 
  i reserve ` hot ' for celebrity uber gods like tom hiddleston . 
  hot sort of means unobtainable for me , like ... stratospheric good lookingness that normally comes with a makeup team and perfect lighting . 
  most normal on-the-street guys i see who i like are cute , or yes , adorable , because i can approach them or see myself having a conversation with them whilst also appreciating how good looking i find them . 
  if i call a guy adorable it does n't mean i think of him like a puppy . 
  i already have a puppy . 
  it means i find him attractive , sweet and approachable . 
  very different to calling him hot . 
  look . 
  she might be the girl of your dreams , but you are not the guy of her dreams . 
  her * boyfriend * is her guy , and she 's going back home to him . 
  what are you even asking her ? 
  please stick around so every so often you can see a guy who might or might not drive five hours to see you for purely platonic purposes even though you have n't spoken to each other for months at a time , he 's desperately in love with you , pretty much wants you to break up with your boyfriend and does stupid things like quitting his part time job for no reason at all . 
  from what i can see , she does n't get anything out of staying there , other than appeasing you . 
  she 's eight hours away from home . 
  she 's five hours away from you . 
  her boyfriend is there . 
  her family is there . 
  you even say in your letter you think it would be good for her to go . 
  please , just calm yourself down , act the adult here and give her a nice goodbye . 
  and then go find someone else who is actually * obtainable * , and * single * . 
  excessive drinking or any drug use . 
  even weed . 
  not for me . 
  unemployment . 
  i 'm almost thirty and currently working three jobs plus doing a degree . 
  if i have to slave for wages , so do you . 
  more than two years younger than me . 
  honestly , i know this is subjective , but i am not dating a man who is younger than my little brother . 
  it 's just weird . 
  this is the internet age . 
  everyone knows better than being a jerk about who people are attracted to . 
  does n't want kids . 
  i do , so , you know . 
  incompatability . 
  i 'm english and i still leave 10 % after a meal . 
  if he did n't offer a couple of quid or whatever i would n't mind , but if he was out and out rude to waiters we would n't be seeing each other again . 
  oh god yeah , i 'd never bother tipping in a chippy , but even somewhere like frankie & bennies or a pub lunch i 'd leave up to a fiver on the plate . 
  i 've always had acne-prone skin and at one point i was on daily topical lotion/gel to combat it . 
  it made my skin * uber * sensitive , but my eyebrows were getting stupid and i disliked plucking , so i went in for a wax . 
  stupidest idea ever . 
  even with the cooling gel the beautician put on , the wax still burned the skin around my eyebrows , and i had thick red rings of raw skin for at least a week . 
  i also have a close friend who went for a bikini wax . 
  the beautician was completely new at this , and ( * shudder * ) let the wax cool before attempting to strip it off . 
  in the end they had to * cut * the strips , and my poor , poor friend apparently ended up with huge purple bruises all around her nether regions for weeks . 
  needless to say she massively complained and never , ever went back . 
  ahahahaha thank you !!, 
  most of the time i 'm a very tired superwoman with no social life , but i 'm getting shit done . 
  yup yup !, 
  chippies exist all over the uk and there 'll be one in most villages . 
  my dad and i get fish and chips every friday . 
  mostly they 're takeaways rather than sit ins , but you can get battered fish ( or battered sausage/pie/chicken ) with a portion of thick chunky chips . 
  traditionally they 're served wrapped up in paper and slathered with vinegar and salt , but i like to do the european thing of dipping my chips in mayonnaise . 
  if and when you do visit us you definitely have to try some !, 
  black forest gateau, 
  treacle tart, 
  chocolate fudge cake , warmed with a little bit of drizzly cream . 
  omg . 
  or maybe that 's just tom hiddleston in general . 
  and a teeny weeny little crush on disney 's aladdin . 
  they draw their characters to be so cute !, 
  i like really tall , lanky , skinny guys . 
  muscle not required . 
  because her * womb * was at risk of * rupturing * . 
  would you want to be kept in a quiet room when some part of your internal organs were possibly going to split open , or be treated for it ? 
  [ mmmmmmmmm yup ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/497d3d6f6ab9f70b34353c437ceb3f2e/tumblr_mfcnylxggp1qdbp1co1_500.gif ), 
  dear sir or madam is fine , but really i would * always * recommend finding it out . 
  your letter is likely to get chucked if you do n't . 
  just give the company a call and ask whoever answers who it would be best to address job applications to . 
  most : will , matt , sam , tom , dan/danny , oliver , arthur, 
  least : kevin . 
  i 've never met a kevin i liked . 
  billy . 
  martin . 
  oh , and let 's not forget poor old randy . 
  sorry americans , but as a brit , if i meet a guy called randy i am going to be biting my tongue * very * hard . 
  my brother is a phillip and he 's a pretty cool guy . 
  the curse is broken somewhere !, 
  i looove the name christian . 
  it sounds so gentlemanly . 
  all the upvotes for the importance of being ernest !, 
  you 're right , jack is the vastly better name .
