  do you have your own hobbies , friends and interests ? 
  because i suspect that you 're feeling quite hurt over the fact that she makes * her * choices over ' * our * ' choices . 
  maybe she 's more independent than you are ? 
  the difference here is that her body is something that is * entirely * her own . 
  her skin , her mouth , her hair , her eyes . 
  it 's the one thing that is absolutely , entirely , completely hers . 
  and even though she shares it with you , it 's * still * her environment to control as she likes with what ** she ** likes , not with what you both like . 
  she ca n't control your relationship - you might be married for fifty years , you might break up in two . 
  but she can control her skin . 
  also , just because you do n't think it 's ` meaningful ' does n't mean it 's any less important . 
  meanings change . 
  what 's meaningful to someone changes . 
  art is n't always tied to meaning - a lot of the time , artists do sculpture or paint on a canvas just because they like it , or they want to express something . 
  that 's just what she 's doing here . 
  my wiltshire friend says `` off to bedfordshire ! '', 
  quite often , but i 've never heard the ` through the woods ' part before . 
  actually , i was referring to the op 's original post where he asked her to keep the tattoos meaningful , and then says ;, 
   she stuck with this for a while and the tattoos were well done and easy to cover just in case it needed to be, 
  so clearly she considered what he said for a little while and then decided to go her own way . 
  and no . 
  i 'm not daft . 
  i just read the whole story first before commenting . 
  yes , this !, 
  find something that you love , and then it 's totally not hard to leave the house for it at all . 
  i rediscovered how much crazy insane love i have for doing gymnastics , and now even when it 's cold and rainy and miserable i still want to jump in my car and go do it . 
  fitness does n't * have * to be running on the treadmill or doing bodypump for an hour . 
  find what works for you , even if it 's a completely random sport , and then it 's never really hard to go . 
  i tend to self-sabotage with work ; i worry that it 's not good enough or i 'll have got it wrong or i 'll be a bad person for doing it so late so i put off doing it altogether . 
  also , i 'm a big ol' hypocrite when it comes to keeping in touch with my friends . 
  i 'm * so * rubbish about texting back , but i 'm not getting message replies from like three of my friends ( plus one guy i dated who did the vanishing act ) and i am getting incredibly pissy and paranoid about it . 
  so delighted about this !, 
  the fool has to be my all time favourite character out of any fantasy series i 've read , and hearing that it 's a whole new trilogy is brilliant . 
  for me , its her characters . 
  they are so not perfect - actually , fitz is fucked up in all kinds of ways - but she just makes you love them and empathise with them so much . 
  i love the fool in particular because he is one huge huge enigma . 
  you know so much about him and then never really know him at all , and for a character that spans six books it 's frustatingly , maddeningly wonderful that an author can write someone with so much history and so many layers . 
  her worlds are all tied up together , all influence each other - tawny man mentions things that are happening in rain wild chronicles , liveships gets influences from the assassins trilogy , rain wilds couldnt happen without events in tawny man . 
  it 's epic fantasy in small areas to create one huge world . 
  honestly , i love them . 
  you really , really should try them . 
  a dab of vinegar to sort out itchy mosquito and bug bites . 
  works a treat !, 
  that applied to me a few years ago . 
  what i meant by it was that i simply could n't dedicate time to a proper relationship . 
  i was working a job ( in theatre production ) with ridiculous hours that required me to go all round the country at short notice and left me no time for socialising or availability . 
  i hardly even saw my parents - seeing a boyfriend would have been impossible , so i just did n't even try to date at all . 
  the rain wild chronicles did n't . 
  the fool was in aq , lt and tm . 
  during rain wild chronicles he was [ spoiler  ( #s ` off travelling back home with prilkop ' ) . 
  i 'm not sure there was even a reference to amber anywhere in rwc . 
    and for a character that spans ~ ~ six ~ ~ nine books, 
   ftfy, 
  i did know that , but it seems a shame to spoil the surprise for new readers who have n't figured it out yet . 
  i think i was getting confused with your comments . 
  good news is , we 're both right !, 
  liveships do enhance tawny man , but i read it out of order too and was n't at a real disadvantage for it . 
  sure i got a bit confused when jek turned up , but it was n't a massive deal . 
  no problem . 
  if you read fantasy for the characters , read farseer . 
  the fool is my all time favourite character out of any fiction series in any genre , and that really is saying something . 
   i think her liveship trader 's trilogy has some of the most realistic female characters i have ever read in any books . 
  not just liveships !, 
  hobb 's women totally rock - patience , the narcheska , the buckkeep sword master hod , kettricken , starling . 
  they 're all such strong characters , which is so refreshing . 
  oh we 'll be * exotic * and * sexy * will we ? 
  but only if we 're not * too * condescending . 
  damn . 
  and you had me all excited . 
  eh , depends what else goes along with it . 
  people laugh at comedians but i 'm pretty sure the whole audience does n't then fancy the person standing on stage . 
  you 'll need more than just ` she laughs at some of my jokes ' to know if she likes you or not . 
  no logical reason at all , i suppose - when it comes down to it they 're just jewellery , and there 's no expectations of when you should and should n't wear a necklace . 
  putting them on early does feel a bit like opening your christmas presents in november to me but hey , if you like it , go right ahead . 
  possibly . 
  i suppose with our exotic , not too condescending accents it 'll be hard to tell . 
  oh pantos are great !, 
  they 're very very slapstick and family friendly so you 'll have loads of fun . 
  there 's lots and lots of vocal and visual traditions that go along with them too so have a quick google before you go see one to understand what 's going on . 
   but maybe it 's a frivolous reason to break up, 
  you do n't need a massive big-deal reason to break up with anyone . 
  as i 've seen it put elsewhere in this subreddit , you can break up with someone because the sun was n't shining that day . 
  personally , i think your boyfriend sounds like a massive dick who does n't really care about anyone except himself . 
  he 's obnoxiously chasing after a coworker to get her to like him , and then tells you it was `` to make her look stupid because he has a better girlfriend anyway . '', 
  that 's an * awful * way to think about any woman !, 
  it 's to make his coworker look stupid , whilst apparently making himself look better and humiliating you . 
  is that really someone you want to say is the person you 're dating ? 
  go to the loo , wash hands , check eyeliner has n't run ( again ) , refluff hair , check i have n't spilled anything stupid down my outfit , go back to date . 
  robin 's just confirmed a release for august 2014 so you can uncross your fingers on the fitz & fool one !, 
  same here , and i 'm more rp than anything . 
  my american friend had to ` translate ' to the waitress for me instead . 
  you 're american . 
  you ca n't get away with calling us ` blokes ' . 
  it does n't work . 
  i 'm not one anyway . 
  hey , no skin off my back . 
  i 'm not the one getting downvoted here . 
  or the one walking around using the wrong slang , sounding like a tit . 
  small parties , close friends . 
  i like lots of winding , gossipy conversation and feel more like myself when i 'm in a group of my best pals . 
  i am good at meeting unknowns and making friends , but i can only do it in small quantities and tend to excuse myself to go home earlier than when i already know everyone .
