   her self-confidence is in no danger from anything i would say to her . 
  of course . 
  and your refusal to kiss her or have sex with her , and the way you make faces when you look at her breasts or vagina , or the way you ` avert your eyes ' in bed wo n't damage her self confidence at all ? 
  just your words . 
  right . 
  break up with her . 
  please . 
  for her sake . 
  you are just being so selfish about the whole thing . 
  she does n't need someone who is ` kind ' to her - she can get a puppy for that . 
  she needs a man who wants her and desires her and ca n't get enough of her . 
  you are not that man . 
  let her find someone else . 
   there is more than unbridled passion to a relationship, 
  you are * four months in * . 
  how long have you honestly been feeling like this ? 
  since one month in ? 
  two ? 
  this should be the point where you ca n't get enough of each other , not the point where you start feeling queasy about kissing her . 
  and let 's be honest here , the only reason you want her is because you 're jealous of your ex . 
  if your ex was n't engaged would you * really * be suffering this girl ? 
  you need to be ** single ** to get over your issues with womens bodies . 
  how are you going to feel if you stick with this girl for , say , another ten years and she not only adds on more weight but starts getting the usual late twenties cellulite or wrinkles in her thirties ? 
  what if you get her pregnant ? 
  could you deal with the way her body completely changes ? 
  you are not in love with her . 
  apparently all you are is kind to her . 
  newsflash : in a relationship , just kindness is not enough , and in the end she * will * cotton on to the fact that you do n't fancy her . 
  if she 's smart ( and god , i hope she 's a smart girl ) she will dump you and move on to someone who actually wants her and everything she is . 
  you do n't need couples therapy , because this is n't about you two having difficulty communicating or endlessly fighting . 
  this is about * you * thinking your girlfriend is disgusting . 
  these are your problems , and your mental health . 
  not hers . 
  you seem so sure that she 's going to want to stick around for this - why ? 
  gymnastics : # 6.50 once or twice a week . 
  they 're pay as you go sessions so if i skip a week it does n't matter . 
  kit has probably totalled around ... # 75 total for wrist supports and a competition leotard , plus any extras for general workout gear . 
  dog shows are farrrr pricier . 
  let 's see . 
  * # 1.50 a week ringcraft classes, 
  * up to # 50 a month entering shows . 
  smaller shows end up around # 12 an entry , larger ones can be around # 40 entry fees . 
  * # 3 catalogue on the day to see who 's in our classes, 
  * # 20 ish petrol to get there and back, 
  * we do grooming at home so cost is neglible . 
  # 10 every three months maybe on dog shampoo products . 
  * various extras : brushes , combs , benching chain , show lead , grooming bits . 
  sometimes we need to stay a night in a hotel , so that might be an extra # 100 , plus food . 
  of course we do . 
  i 'll freely admit that i 'm one of the heathens that loves peanut butter and jam together , but i 'm certain i 'm in a culinary minority . 
  at the moment while it 's hot :, 
  undress , get in pyjamas , climb into bed and remove my makeup . 
  it 's always a game to aim my grungy cotton wool pads into the bed at the end of my bed . 
  i 'm a rubbish shot . 
  apply moisturiser . 
  snuggle down and do internet crap for an hour or so . 
  when i feel sleepy close the laptop , check my phone is plugged in and go to sleep . 
  two or three pillows . 
  two side by side if i 'm on my front , three like a pyramid if i 'm on the side . 
  about 7 or 8 hours , but i 'll happily laze around for two hours or so once i 've woken up . 
  in the morning , as it wakes me up . 
  showers at night make me restless . 
  i need the room to be cold , so now i 'm just sleeping under a sheet with all three windows open and my door open a crack . 
  normally silence , but if i wake up randomly or ca n't settle i switch on a white noise app on my phone that sends me off again . 
  tv always off . 
  in the winter i layer blankets like the metaphorical bug in a rug and have woolly fluffy socks on to stay warm . 
  it 's mid afternoon and so far i have, 
  * walked the dog, 
  * watched some commonwealth games, 
  * watched some tour de france, 
  * practised golf swings in the garden ( my dad got me a golf club to have a go at a game with him ), 
  * chased the dog around while he stole the golf balls, 
  * hung out some washing, 
  * groomed the dog, 
  now i 'm looking up stuff i need to buy to make a chocolate tart , i 'll probably go for a short cycle later on this afternoon , and might be going out for dinner with mum later on . 
  the rest of the evening will be cheesy tv and sleep . 
  i went on one date ( one ! ), 
  with a doormat . 
  he freely admitted that if i had stood him up that night , he would have understood , and would have just slobbed round at home for the night instead . 
  several weeks later by text ( after i had ` faded ' , i admit ) he also offered to part pay for me to take a holiday up north and see some friends if i wanted to . 
  i had met this guy precisely once . 
  he had no idea who i was , but would have let me walk all over him if i wanted to , all for the sake of being nice . 
  i felt awful for fading out , but i just could n't handle it . 
  mostly i roll my eyes as it 's just so pervasive . 
  you ca n't do anything about it when it 's everywhere . 
  some parts i complain about to the nearest listening person . 
  my parents got the brunt of my irritation about the ridiculous daily mail article about the [ new women mps elected to cabinet ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/07/16/daily-mail-reshuffle-esther-mcvey-_n_5590441.html ) which was astonishingly , ridiculously sexist and like something from the 50s . 
  it still makes me angry now , actually , but it 's a prime example of the male gaze at work . 
  male politicians * never * get examined for fashion the way those female mps were and it just made me so cross i had to say something . 
  newcastle is famous for its inhabitants never ever wearing a coat , jacket or any item of warm clothes on a night out . 
  not even in january . 
  geordies are crazy . 
  when they were a small , fringe political party they probably could have been , yes . 
  there were a lot of factors that lead to hitler gaining as much political power as he did , especially the economic situation at the time , but it 's not unreasonable to think purely diplomatic means could have prevented the nazis from growing into such a strong , powerful party . 
  what does ` bonking ' mean ? 
  is it when you run out of energy partway during a ride ? 
  i loved it !, 
  first year i lived in a self contained flat in a block of other student flats , all filled with people from my campus . 
  i lived with two other girls and had my own room , but we had a dinky bathroom and a shared kitchen living room . 
  it was pretty grotty really , i 'm not going to lie , these were cheap halls , but the camraderie of everyone living there was just brilliant .
