  i 'm struggling a bit to balance everything ( multiple jobs , full time study , social time , family commitments ) but i 'm really enjoying myself . 
  i 'm actually not sure what i 'll do in the summer when my studying takes a break . 
  fill it up with a lot of fun fantasy books , i guess !, 
  very cool !, 
  have you been over here before ? 
  take a day trip out of london if you can , it 's very different to the rest of england and pretty places like brighton and cambridge are only an hour or so away . 
  that is * such * a cute dress !, 
  i 'd love it with tights and a blazer for sure . 
  you 're not going out and you 've never met . 
  she has zero obligations to you . 
  if she wants to sleep with this guy , she 's perfectly entitled to . 
  you 're also perfectly entitled to stop talking to her and go find someone else if this bothers you . 
  i normally finish my office job at 5pm and get home at 5:30 pm . 
  i live with my parents , so mostly they 'll have made dinner , but i 'll cook for myself or for them a couple of times a week . 
  on monday instead of going home i drive 45 minutes to have visit my nanna who has dementia , have a cup of tea , some dinner and a chat with her , do her washing up , things like that . 
  get back about 7:30 pm ish , then study until 10:00 pm . 
  maybe watch half an hour of tv to wind down , then bed . 
  tuesday i 'll come home , walk the dog , have dinner and then study until 10 . 
  tv , internet , bed . 
  wednesday i stay at the office until 6:45 then take the dog to ringcraft ( dog training ) classes . 
  get home about 8:30 , eat something and put the recycling out , then * maybe * do an hours study , but i 'll probably just veg in front of the tv instead . 
  thursday is home , dinner , study , bed . 
  it 's normally an early-ish night as we have a family friend come over to give reflexology treatments so i ca n't use the lounge . 
  friday is home , quick dinner of fishy things like prawns and mussels , then out to gymnastics class until 9:30 , home again and fall into bed !, 
  saturday is a mix of study day , social time , and dog walking . 
  i 'll have dinner by 6ish , then get changed and go out to my second job at a local bar for the night . 
  finishing time there is midnight-ish , maybe 1am ? 
  sunday morning is normally always cleaning the house ad putting washing through , and then the rest of the day i sit in front of my books and study . 
  sunday evening is tv and lovely bbc dramas and then an early night . 
  by then i 'm craving sleep !, 
  * loki * by mike vasich is wonderful . 
  it 's the story of loki seen through his eyes , and it stayed with me for a really long time afterwards . 
  uh , no . 
  if people are giving off ` vibrations ' , it 's just being able to read their body language correctly . 
  it 's not rocket science to figure out whether someone 's pissed off or not . 
  i actually find it 's much easier just to keep going after work . 
  once i sit down and veg out , i 'm probably not going to get back up again , but if i just go work-dinner-walk-hobby then my energy can ride it out . 
  but yeah , my weeks go by pretty quickly !, 
  counting down the hours until i get to head through to london and see one of my best friends for the night . 
  there will be pizza !, 
  and wine !, 
  and massive gossip , which totally wo n't include complaining about one of our mutual friends who constantly lets us down !, 
  it 's going to be a * good * night . 
  i went to an all girls school and loved it . 
  it worked really well for me and for a lot of other girls there , and did n't work so well for others , but that 's fine . 
  the main thing i got out of it , looking back , is our strength in science . 
  there was a much higher proportion of girls taking up science subjects and science careers because the emphasis was always ` well of course you can do this . ', 
  there was never any feeling that certain subjects were manly subjects and others were girls subjects . 
  we could do , and be , whatever we wanted . 
  it also was n't as though we were cut off from boys permanently . 
  sure , you spend 6 hours a day in an environment with other girls , but there were two all boys schools down the road from us and two other co ed schools right next to us . 
  we did absolutely fine for mixed socialisation . 
  i liked my school a lot , and really became very confident there . 
  i 'm looking to do teacher training , and would love to go on and work in an all girls school if i got the chance . 
  i do n't think it 's very fair to want a girlfriend so she can be your emotional crutch , no . 
  that 's a * lot * of responsibility for one person to bear . 
  have you spoken to anyone professionally about how you 're feeling and coping ? 
  i think that might be a better option than looking for a girlfriend to lean on . 
  it sounds like you 're keeping yourself busy and active , but it 's more than okay to speak to someone confidentially about how you 're really doing . 
  i like how you make it sound so accidental . 
  when you have an * incident * ( teehee , i got a phone camera up her skirt without her knowing ) , of course i fucking mind that you 're spying on my knickers . 
  picking your nose . 
  scratching your balls . 
  waving or whistling at the waitress . 
  flicking through your phone when we 're talking . 
  generally looking bored . 
  having your arms crossed the entire time . 
  nope . 
  i thrive on doing stuff and being out the house and interacting with people . 
  even if i was running around after kids all day doing everything that needs doing when you have children , i know i 'd still get cabin fever . 
  dunelm has a good , cheap range of curtains and they 've got stores all over the place . 
  you can have a look for your nearest one here : http://www.dunelm-mill.com/stores/ they also do a made to measure service if they do n't stock the size you need . 
  just wait to catch their eye and raise your hand for a moment . 
  that 's all you need . 
  i 'm a waitress/bartender and i can easily spot when a customer needs assistance without them trying to wave across the room at me . 
  i 'm 28 and i set my dating profile preferences as between 27-38 . 
  i 'll go up to 40 if i really click with the guy , though . 
  i do n't like dating younger at all . 
  i do n't fall for a guy because he keeps trying to win me over , i go on instant chemistry and attraction and always have done . 
  if a girl eventually decides to go out with a man because he pesters her enough i do n't count that as a win for anyone . 
  i do n't like that thought much and i would n't want to know . 
  i mean , if they do , bully for them . 
  just do n't tell me please . 
  well , what specifically about it is bugging you ? 
  is it that he 's not a virgin ? 
  or is it that he had sex with a teacher ? 
  if the first , well , he 's 22 . 
  probability is going to be that your future boyfriends will all have had sex before meeting you . 
  if the second , he probably does n't want to talk about it , because for an adult teacher to sleep with a 15 year old student is a gross abuse of responsibility and should * never * have happened . 
  there would be no romantic relationship attached to it , and i would genuinely be shocked if that teacher had managed to keep it secret and had n't been sacked for it . 
  you do n't have many options here , to be honest . 
  it 's happened , it 's done and it does n't matter whether you ` accept ' it or not , because it 's not going to change . 
  honestly , it 's just a national pastime . 
  have a look at the olympics and the diamond jubilee for examples of big national cheeriness - we do love this country , we just prefer to be unenthusiastic about it most of the time . 
  after all , we really do n't want to start being too american and * cheerful * about things , do we ? 
  okay , so , you need to come to england . 
  specifically , ely . 
  specifically , [ peacocks tearoom ] ( http://www.peacockstearoom.co.uk/teamroom/our-tea-collection.htm ) because they have like 200 blends of leaf tea served in mismatching teapots and teacups and it . 
  ** amazing ** . 
  i am going to make a trip back there for my birthday even though it 's like an hour and a half away .
