  it is not that hard to understand . 
  you sat there and prioritised everything else over spending a few hours going out and meeting this girl . 
  why should she even bother giving you another chance ? 
  you did n't even think about how she felt until she * told * you how you messed it up . 
  take this as a hard lesson learned , and try harder next time to take someone up on a date . 
  it 's only a couple of hours out of your day . 
  who knows - you might even enjoy it * more * than doing work all night !, 
  it sounds like they 're the ones doing the organising , so they 're the ones doing the choosing , and for the most part they are accomodating you when it comes to the big parties . 
  out of curiosity , do you ever throw parties , or invite the whole house out for dinner , or even just a couple of them with your gf or are you always waiting for invites ? 
  maybe if you made an effort and some initiative to invite * them * to little nights out , they would invite * you * . 
  you came in as a last minute addition to a house of girls who were already friends . 
  it 's always going to be harder for you to break those barriers and get to know them all as actual friends rather than just housemates . 
  as another brit , i know it can take a * really * long time for people 's barriers to come down . 
  and lastly , do you not have your own friends to go and hang out with who are n't your girlfriend ? 
  it sounds like when they go out , you 're just left on your tod . 
  maybe if you had another support system this would n't weigh on your mind as much . 
  a degree in tv production wo n't automatically get you a job in the industry . 
  it 's all about networking and gaining contacts , and you 'll do that much more effectively by working as a runner and working for free on various productions for a while . 
  unless the uni has excellent contacts , i 'd really recommend you go the more vocational route for this one . 
  as another uk teacher , i would ** absolutely ** recommend that you report him . 
  you do n't have to go straight to the head , you can just tell another teacher that you trust about what he is saying and doing around you . 
  every teacher is a mandatory reporter , which means we * have * to report disclosures by students to those on the team who are in charge of safeguarding . 
  this is hugely out of line , and it genuinely upsets me that you are having to face this every day . 
  i ca n't stress enough to you how much training we get as teachers about safeguarding and appropriate behaviour around young people . 
  this man knows exactly what he is doing , and he knows how out of line he is being to you . 
  it sounds like he 's increasing his behaviours too , and i can guarantee that you will not be the only teenager he is doing this around . 
  please , please , please tell somebody . 
  he is the one risking his job , not you . 
  you are not to blame about this , or about his wife and children . 
  i ca n't stress that enough . 
  please tell somebody else , op . 
  do n't keep this to yourself . 
  op , this post is so full of abusive relationship warning signs it could be textbook . 
  you 've got no parental support system . 
  you met and moved in together really quickly . 
  he 's quite controlling about sex , and has now started pressuring you into it . 
  he 's started questioning where you go . 
  he times how long you go for . 
  he gets angry if you do n't agree with what he wants . 
  he controls your food , your transport and your clothes . 
  he locks you out of the house . 
  he ` reminds ' you about not drinking . 
  he shuts down what should be open adult conversations about your relationship . 
  his behaviour has been changing , and he has started doing things , that in your words , ` he has never done before ' . 
  this is not going to improve for you . 
  * he * is not going to improve for you . 
  you 're in an abusive relationship , and it is only going to get worse , because * he * is getting worse . 
  and the thing is , you are blaming * yourself * already , and questioning yourself already . 
  listen to your intuition , op . 
  you would n't post here if you did n't think something was seriously wrong . 
  you need to pack a small and secret bag with your most essential items , and make a plan to leave . 
  pro tip : never , ever , ever refer to someone who is irish , scottish or welsh as english . 
  also * generally * steer clear of referring to anyone who is irish as british , as the issue of northern ireland and the southern republic of ireland is still rather delicate . 
  dylan moran is irish . 
  1000 % not english . 
  history is often taken by people who then convert into law , as they both cover lots of the same document analysis skills . 
  historians are good at analysing pieces information and then using it to turn into an argument , or support/dissect another argument . 
  it 's useful for a lot of different careers . 
  i did the ou history degree and graduated last year . 
  i loved it and i 'm now almost finished with my teacher training year to be a history teacher , but 2nd and 3rd year are both really gruelling years , especially for their compulsory history modules . 
  is there anything in particular you 'd like to know about it ? 
  it 's only become a ` tradition ' because it 's something that * you * have repeated a few times . 
  you 've come up with this nice thing , made it happen for a few years and then fallen into the trap of thinking ` well , it 's a family tradition now . 
  how sad would it be to end it ? ', 
  it 's * not * this untouchable , unchangeable event . 
  it is something that you have made up . 
  now its something that you need to change . 
  today i accepted my very first ( paid ! ), 
  official teaching post at a school that i loved . 
  :d i 'm over the moon !, 
  take it . 
  you could even live mon-fri in dublin and commute back to london for the weekend if you wanted to . 
  i expect you 'd actually save money on your usual london rent to boot . 
  this is more than doable . 
  take the job . 
  being british is irrelevant . 
  plenty of other girls i know have n't changed their name , or have blended/hyphenated their names . 
  if she does n't want to change it , she does n't have to change it . 
  why do n't you change yours instead ? 
  my first degree was in theatre production . 
  it was entirely vocational and at a teeny tiny drama school , but i loved it . 
  i worked for about five/six years afterwards doing freelance stage management and lighting tech work until i burned out on it . 
  i moved back home and got work in sales . 
  at the same time i signed up with the open university , which is a distance learning institution , to do another full time ba in history , with the intention of doing a postgraduate teaching qualification afterwards . 
  the ou degree was way harder than my theatre degree and much more mentally taxing . 
  2nd and 3rd year were incredibly demanding with the workload and standard of work that they expected . 
  i absolutely adored it . 
  i worked my socks off to get those three years done but i loved all of it . 
  in the end i got a 2:1 , got onto a great teaching course , and i 've just accepted my first teaching job . 
  if you choose the right uni to do it through , and you really want to do it , a second ba is absolutely worth it . 
  i 'm so proud of mine . 
  i had an interview on thursday that ended up just like this . 
  we were batting around really cool little bits about history , and i really got to show my personality instead of just being a polite interview automaton . 
  i got the job !, 
  being yourself and having a conversation where you can really works . 
  all that wire work looks like so much fun !, 
  no sex changes diddly squat for me . 
  so , bye bye sex !, 
  technology wins again . 
  because cap being bisexual is about promotion of a minority ( visibility of more lgbt people on screen ) .
