  my favourite to drive so far has been a mazda mx-5 , but i also have my dad 's enthusiasm for the bmw 5 series . 
  i got a new seat ibiza fr a few weeks ago and i 'm a bit in love with it . 
  ah yeah , there was someone in my course ( uea ) who was officially accepted as sd but in every other respect was a pgce student the same as the rest of us . 
  the only difference was that he knew what schools he would be placed in beforehand . 
  i think it was a numbers thing that meant he was officially sd . 
  i think if it looks the same then i would take a pgce place . 
  it gives you the option of working in scotland or abroad in the future as it 's an internationally recognised qualification , and sd is n't . 
  yes , just let her go . 
  you made your bed seven months ago . 
  now you get to lie in it . 
  they both get you qts , but the pgce route is the more academic form that gets you the recognised university postgraduate qualification . 
  my pgce also partially counted towards a masters in education . 
  as far as i 'm aware , you do n't get that with sd . 
  someone scottish please correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 'm sure scotland also has a quirk where their general schools council recognises a pgce or pgde from other british teachers but not sd or teach first . 
  you said `` you tell them '' so she did just that . 
  you ca n't be surprised that people do what you tell them to do and are n't psychic enough to figure out what you really mean . 
  if you wanted to keep it quiet , you should have said something like `` i 'm really nervous about it , can we just not tell anyone until it 's over ? '', 
  it really just sounds like your mum is excited for you , which is sweet !, 
  clearly she thinks even getting the interview is an accomplishment in itself . 
  maybe next time just be clearer about how you would or would n't like information to be shared . 
  the cheaper tickets for a train are allocated first , so you 're probably seeing four seats left * at that price * . 
  you 'll still be able to buy a ticket , but the longer you leave it the more expensive it will get . 
  you do n't * have * to ask for permission and you do n't * have * to spend the day with him . 
  like you said , you are an adult . 
  you have plans already and should stick to them . 
  can you physically leave the house to see your friend ? 
  it sounds like your new friends just act more like adults than your old friends . 
  as someone in their thirties , talking with a small group of friends rather than insulting them and dancing at raves sounds much more appealing to me . 
  you 're not more manly or more brutish - you 're just 22 and still quite young with different ideas to your new classmates . 
  you have to decide what is more important to you overall ; the education you 'll get at this college ( in which case suck it up buttercup ) or the lifestyle of nyc , which means leaving this college to go somewhere livelier . 
  or , just try changing your expectations for parties . 
  maybe you might end up liking the quiet group chat after all ? 
  you should absolutely not feel guilty for wanting to see a friend . 
  this is his problem , and he absolutely can not force you to stay . 
  you should n't have to deal with being made to feel that way about a very simple and straightforward day out . 
  your other comments are really concerning op ; he 's trying to control and separate you from your friends and work colleagues , and that 's textbook abusive behaviour . 
  i really think you need to leave this relationship , as it 's only going to get worse . 
  do you have someone else you can go and stay with ? 
  i 'd laugh and turn down the date . 
  that 's such an arrogant request !, 
  cassette tapes . 
  i just love the great clunks they make going in and out of the player . 
  how do you know it 's ` fake friendly ' ? 
  look , different people are friends in different ways . 
  just because these people do n't banter does n't mean they do n't care , and it does n't mean that your friends are somehow more ` authentic ' because you take the piss . 
  either way , you 're in * their * environment , so they 're not going to change to suit you . 
  when in rome and all that . 
  four and a half years of singledom is not early !, 
  let yourself go on a date , good lord . 
  that 's more than enough time . 
  if i had a * two week * safety net i 'd be happy . 
  i have no savings whatsoever , and the only reason i 've started a pension pot is because my employer automatically deducts it each month . 
  * any * savings to fall back on would be a luxury . 
  i mean , i stopped dating a guy once because the way he decorated his flat was deathly boring , so anything beyond that seems pretty acceptable to me . 
  1 : break up with your girlfriend , or ** at least ** tell her and let her decide what to do , because if you do n't tell her , then she definitely absolutely will break up with you when ( not if , when ) she finds out . 
  2 : just because you had a one night stand with a girl does n't mean you get to call her a ` fat slutty cunt ' . 
  you chose to have sex . 
  do n't insult the girl who thinks you 're single because you tell her that . 
  oh no , it 's fine !, 
  it 's actually reassuring to know that i 've finally got a pension started now , so i do n't mind the deductions . 
  it benefits future me , even if today 's me struggles a bit . 
  i 'm just saying that if it was n't taken out from my paycheque , money is so tight that i probably would n't be able to start one separately . 
  indifferent to dislike , but country music is n't really a thing in the uk anyway . 
  i 'm more likely to hear folk being played than country . 
  my two hobbies are competing in dog shows , and playing golf . 
  i guess golf is n't that unusual for guys , but there 's not that many ( younger ) women out on the course and it would be great if that changed . 
  i got into it last summer when my dad started teaching me to play , and then i got some group lessons which were actually really cheap . 
  it 's really fun !, 
  not in the slightest . 
  also in my early thirties and sick of no strings flings . 
  i 'd like a relationship , please . 
  as a teacher , i do n't need your respect . 
  i do my job because i love it , not because i want to be ground down doing endless marking every single evening and weekend . 
  i do group projects for my 11-14 year olds so i can have more time to mark the individual work for my 15-18 year olds - i.e. 
  the ones doing exams whose marks and feedback really make a difference . 
  this job is all about prioritisation , and honestly ? 
  my year 7s are not a priority when it comes to marking . 
  my year 10s and 12s are . 
  i 'm a secondary school history teacher , teaching 11-18 year olds . 
  matt fraction 's * hawkeye * run . 
  he made clint barton such a likeable , dorky , funny character . 
  it also won an award for the way fraction portrays clint as a deaf character and his use of sign language in the comic panels . 
  there 's also a great issue shown just from the perspective of clints dog lucky , which was brilliant . 
  yeah !, 
  and maybe , if they 're * really * lucky , it 'll even be a good film too !, 
  how have you * never thought * that women might not want to send you nude photos ? 
  you are thirty years old !, 
  most of the time i read the guardian . 
  sometimes i 'll also go to bbc or sky news . 
  i really should balance it out more by reading the times or something a little more conservative . 
  chips last about 20 minutes for me . 
  crisps about two minutes . 
  this is a bit of an old one ( made ten months ago ) , but it 's just so fun !, 
  he 's thirty six years old . 
  he should use his own money to make purchases , not use yours . 
  he 's basically stealing from you . 
  you need a really firm conversation with him about this . 
  if he continues to do it then you need to consider where this relationship is going and whether you want to be with someone who goes behind your back like this . 
  your chips . 
  our chips are much bigger versions of your fries - i guess halfway size between fries and potato wedges ?
