  it 's not like this is do or die and you 'll never find another relationship ever ever again . 
  let her go , and go find someone else who wants monogamy like you do . 
  you 'll both be far happier for it . 
  she 's clearly not everything you could have hoped for , because she 's not monogamous . 
  that 's a fundamental part of what you want !, 
  there 's nothing wrong with what she wants , and there 's nothing wrong with what you want either , but the two of them do n't match up . 
  the first thing you can do is to take her off of the pedestal that you 've put her on , see her as a real person and realise that you 're just not compatible . 
  it 's okay . 
  i get how disappointing it is , really i do , but this is how we live and learn . 
  she would n't be cheating , because that 's the whole point of an open relationship , and that 's why you 're really best not to get involved . 
  good work mods !, 
  i 've seen the first two trailers and deliberately stayed away from the tv spots , so it 's infuriating to see people casually drop bits about the spots here and there . 
  ( to be fair , it 's mostly tumblr that i have the issue with , but it 's good to have warning signs up in here too ) . 
  i think a month is a good timeframe for netflix spoilers too . 
  you do n't have to be all ` fuck you ' , but you do have to make it clear that he absolutely can not guilt trip you with bad feelings from four years ago , especially when it relates to such a serious thing like marriage . 
  you were fifteen . 
  you flirted with him . 
  it 's what teenagers * do * . 
  he is twenty two years old , he needs to get over the fact that when he was eighteen , a pretty girl cuddled with him occasionally and did n't go out with him . 
  losing control of yourself emotionally is when you should pay the * most * attention to what the other person is saying . 
  if he had said `` fuck you , you fucking slut ! '', 
  would you forgive him so easily ? 
  so why is ` go and whore around ! ', 
  an acceptable alternative ? 
  it 's the same sentiment but in slightly less blatant language . 
  in this time period where he was an emotional wreck , he called you soulless , accused you of being a whore , accused you of wanting to cheat and accused you of being materialistic . 
  can you really say he did n't mean * any * of those things about you , and they were * all * wild accusations because he was angry ? 
  really ? 
  just to point out , you said in your original post edit that he has also dated other people while having a crush on you . 
  he seriously could not have been * that * scarred about love if he had other crushes and feelings returned by other girls and held down relationships in that time . 
  it 's not fair of him to dump all of this on you . 
  it 's because you 're still only a few days out from what happened , and your emotions are still all over the place . 
  that 's okay . 
  just try and be a little more self-aware going forward , be conscious of what he is saying to you and whether he is actively working on his issues instead of just brushing them under the carpet . 
  do n't just let ` but he loves me ' be the sole reason for forgiveness . 
  he can say things very very easily - it 's if he actually does them that will prove how much he cares for your relationship , and how much he wants to make any future potential marriage work . 
  we 're only trying to make you a little more thoughtful about what is going on beneath the flowers and petals , is all . 
  um , multi-layered answer here . 
  i love kids and want some eventually , so that 's not the issue . 
  i ca n't remember if he had in his okc profile that he had kids or not , but he brought it up pretty early in the actual date . 
  it was also that he had three kids , and that was just too much for me . 
  i 'm okay with * potentially * dating someone with one , as i 've just hit the big 3-0 and i know this is going to be something that crops up more often . 
  realistically however , i 'm going to be changing cities and careers in september , and being involved with someone with multiple children when my own life is so up in the air just would n't be fair to anyone . 
  so , many reasons !, 
  he was brilliant and i loved the date , but life is a thing that got in the way . 
  the alarms are absurd . 
  her friend is aggravating . 
  she is allowed to be mad at you that you got drunk and had to be manhandled home . 
  but this ? 
   i explained that 9 months without sex of any kind ( let alone regular ) is a pretty significant sacrifice for any person to make , so i would appreciate if she could express her appreciation, 
  it is not a * sacrifice * to go without sex . 
  boo hoo , poor you , you did n't get laid for nine months while your virgin girlfriend built up trust and confidence in you . 
  she does n't need to * appreciate * that you would sleep with her . 
  * you * need to appreciate that , because you are not the one who has to worry about accidental pregnancy being inflicted on your body . 
  also , why did n't you just get lots of condoms rather than threaten to break up with her so she would go and get the pill ? 
  so why did n't you just go to the local supermarket and buy shedloads of condoms instead ? 
  it 's perfectly okay to see another person of your own sex and be able to admire them for their looks . 
  i class myself as straight but can easily see how gorgeous other women are - just because i 'm also a woman does n't mean i see everyone other than men as plain janes , but it also does n't mean that i 'm gay or bisexual . 
  sexuality also is n't black and white , and thinking occasionally about other men does n't immediately ping you into the gay camp or mean you want to join your nearest friends of dorothy . 
  it just means that you 've thought about another bloke once or twice . 
  that 's it . 
  relax . 
  brilliant , thank you . 
  i did wonder if it was a lollipop update thing , but i was so sure all of the other gps apps were working okay . 
  i guess i 'll switch back to runkeeper tonight and see how that 's ticking over instead . 
  we just keep churning them out !, 
  honestly , i think part of it is because theatre is such a strong thing over here - everyone goes to the theatre to see pantos and maybe join in choruses when they 're little , so good talent can be nurtured from a really young age . 
  even more so than ` often ' made to learn american accents , i think it 's pretty much compulsory for a brit actor to have a variety of american accents on their cvs . 
  i went to drama school for backstage work and all of my actor friends had to have at least a ` standard ' american dialect down . 
  yeah , there are lots and lots of amateur groups over here for children and teenagers to get involved in . 
  every village has their own amateur group with at least one staged production a year ( normally pantomime , our big christmas theatre tradition ) . 
  i think americans do sports training much better than us , but we do theatre best . 
  is she actually doing anything with the groom or acting inappropriately with him at all ? 
  because okay yeah , it was a weird thing to say , but she 's not actually doing anything or trying to break up the wedding . 
  the bride will have enough on her plate as it is , do n't give her more to deal with . 
  depends entirely on the country and culture , i think . 
  my parents always kissed me on the cheek , but i would n't say it 's abnormal for family to kiss on the lips . 
  not at all !, 
  americans are lovely , and i 've met loads holidaying here in the uk who have really loved talking to all of us . 
  we can separate you as people from the politicians . 
  book a flight over and come explore . 
  their grape flavour is hard to describe . 
  it 's not really blackcurrants and not really anything else . 
  i think maybe ribena is the closest flavour we can get ? 
  starting a secondary history pgce at uea . 
  it covers from year 7 to a - level , so the whole secondary range . 
  i 've heard really good things about uea too , and it 'll be nice to be back at a brick uni again !, 
  i 've been an ou student for the last three years , and distance learning takes a lot out of you . 
  also just to add that all uk students apply to university through an automated service called ucas . 
  once all of your chosen five universities have either made an offer or rejected you , the student has to pick two of them , one firm and one insurance offer , and automatically decline the rest . 
  if you meet your conditions with your a-levels , you automatically get into your firm , if you miss your firm offer but meet your insurance then you get into there . 
  if you miss both , you go into clearing where you can apply to any remaining places at any university , and that 's done over the phone on the day that results come out . 
  kiss kiss bang bang , oddly enough , especially as it 's about a petty criminal turned detective on an accidental murder case . 
  its so black humoured , it never fails to make me laugh . 
  as soon as i saw the opening credits on guardians , i knew it was going to be a great film . 
  a knights tale is brilliant !, 
  aw , that 's a shame !, 
  it 's one of my favourites . 
  different strokes etc etc and all that . 
  to be honest , i had a really heavy flow and was changing tampons/pads constantly .
