  loki as the only good villain : zemo and fisk are both great . 
  i 'd like to add killgrave in there but he still felt a bit flat to me . 
  not serious enough : i think marvel has become much better at finding that sweet spot between humour and serious moments and plays both well . 
  first avenger was quite a fluffy film , but civil war and tws both definitely were not , even though they both had plenty of funny beats . 
  that is * beautiful * and so absolutely perfect . 
  * amazing * work !, 
  i love the fool too ; he 's just such a wonderful character . 
  oh my god - that must be something like fifteen years ago now !, 
  it was most like a harry potter sirius/remus one , thinking back . 
  i think the first fanfic i really * followed * was the * shoebox project * , an amazing and reasonably famous marauders-era harry potter fic that included its own fanart and handwritten ` comments ' from each of the marauders . 
  it 's not dying here in the uk !, 
  pretty much everyone learns to drive a manual ( a manual license qualifies you for manual and automatic whereas an automatic license only qualifies you for that ) , and most cars sold are manuals . 
  i do n't think it has . 
  i think me being a sociable person and a hard working person has affected it plenty , but i do n't really think the way i look has changed much of anything . 
  but he 's making it everyone else 's business ? 
  no , things do n't get to work that way . 
  either he gives a genuine , legitimate reason why these two should n't date ( and then backs off ) , or he shuts up and backs off . 
  demanding your parents ground your brother for * no reason at all * is completely ridiculous . 
  my second year history 1400-1900 module . 
  it was all about getting to grips with historiography , sources and constructing sound arguments . 
  history is n't just knowing what happened when , it 's also about the * arguments * constructed around it , and how historians have argued about that period of time . 
  i think its a much harder subject than people give it credit for . 
  the module was also about the european reformation , with the * dullest * anthology of sources ever . 
  it was just a really , really hard course to get through and i struggled lots with developing my essays into good historical arguments . 
  i know lots of people found it incredibly tough , actually . 
  uh , what ? 
  are his parents * insane * ? 
  it 's rude for you to turn it down ? 
  it 's rude for them to enter you in a race you have no interest in in the first place !, 
  not to mention , this is clearly something they make a habit of , which is completely unbelievable . 
  cade needs to be the one to tell them no - and make no mistake , he * has * to tell them no . 
  he 's twenty five years old , he has to stop just laying down and letting his parents put him in for various stupid events like this . 
  just because his ex girlfriend played the ` cool girl ' and did this stupid race means absolutely nothing . 
  you are on * holiday !, 
  he does n't think it 's a big deal because apparently he 's used to his parents putting him in for these competitions , and used to just giving in and saying yes . 
  just keep telling him `` i am here for a holiday , not for a race . 
  i do n't want to race . '', 
  also , he does realise most people build up to 10ks over two-three months , right ? 
  and even that 's assuming they go running regularly anyway . 
  this is n't like nipping out to do a couple of laps around the lake in the morning !, 
  did you even * bring * running gear ? 
  well , just say that to them . 
  `` oh , i 'm so sorry , i have tendonitis , and i could really injure myself if i did something like a 10k . 
  it 's just not possible . 
  i 'll come along and cheer you on , though ! '', 
  ( and then optionally rub it in about dancing for years , oh did cade not tell you etc etc etc ), 
  named houses are pretty common . 
  my neighbour 's house is brierley hall , my nanna 's old house was orchard cottage , a friends parents lives in daisybanks , another friends parents are in a tiny thatched cottage in the middle of nowhere called guineawiggs . 
  ours technically is called sea acres , but we just use the number instead . 
  all of those houses are at least 50 years old - ours is probably the newest as a 1960s house and all are detached . 
  i ca n't ever remember seeing a flat with a name instead of a number , but i imagine one probably exists somewhere . 
  well , you 're still at school so that 's the easiest place to start !, 
  you 've got a ready made network there instead of worrying about finding new places in different towns . 
  also , plenty of people find that the best relationships come from people who started out as friends . 
  what hobbies do you have ? 
  if you do much prefer going to new towns , then use those . 
  are there cycling/climbing/running / book club groups to join ? 
  do n't worry too much about not having experience in relationships . 
  you 're only 16 - most people your age have no idea what the hell they 're doing either . 
  you really are just like everyone else !, 
  the fitz books ( farseer , tawny man and fitz & fool ) are all first person , but liveships and rain wilds are all third person . 
  oh , i * totally * agree with you about the prose . 
  i think aa and maybe ra felt a bit formal to me , but the flow of the language really developed and caught up in aq , and everything just clicked into place . 
  you just wait until you get to liveships and tawny man !, 
  sleeping with someone else so that your girlfriend does n't find out is n't a ` hall pass ' , it 's flat out cheating . 
  let me be quite clear ; if and when she does find out ( and she will , this stuff never stays secret ) , she 's not going to say `` oh well / u/awaythrow23145 i gave you an okay for it , la de da , i totally understand '' . 
  she 's going to say `` what the fuck you lying cheat , you 're dumped '' . 
  if you 're questioning whether this is the girl for you and thinking that you want to sleep with other people , then you need to break up with her . 
  then you 'll have all the freedom you like to find out exactly what it 's like to sleep with other people . 
  newsflash : yes , different people make sex different . 
  shock and horror . 
  how is he a third wheel when there are * seventeen * people in this group ? 
  you 're not all attached to your partners like siamese twins are you ? 
  you are not all going to be dating each other forever . 
  there are most likely going to be quite a few very messy break ups in your near future - and i 'm sure that if i was nick , i would be quite glad about that . 
  i 'm guessing he 's probably sick to death of all of you being coupley anyway . 
  learn to be okay with having other people be a part of your friendship group . 
  learn to be okay about doing stuff without your partners around . 
  learn to be less judgemental of other people being single for a change instead of wanting to exclude them because some of you happen to be a couple . 
  out of curiosity , what happens when one of your eight couples breaks up ? 
  will they both be excluded too ? 
  just to keep the group as couples , like you want ? 
  op , you 're getting such harsh responses because you 're really all being incredibly unreasonable about this . 
  if you can all happily be friends with each other while in different relationships , why ca n't you be friends with the * one * guy who happens to be single ? 
  does he have leprosy ? 
  scurvy ? 
  infectious single-itis ? 
  you are 16 and 17 . 
  your relationships are not going to last forever - in fact , i would be shocked if you were all in the same relationships by the time we get to christmas . 
  also , have you not considered how uncomfortable he probably feels by * all * of you being partnered up anyway ? 
  i imagine he would actually really like to spend some time just with one or two of you without your partners around anyway . 
  op , i know your update has you freaked out , but take some deep breaths . 
  your mum and dad are coming home . 
  i 'm sure that in time they will explain everything . 
  your aunt and uncle do not sound like nice people in the way they have persistently tried to contact you and your sister , but that also does n't mean they are about to turn up and try to break into your house . 
  get yourself a drink , put a favourite show on the tv and just try to keep yourself and your sister calm . 
  it 's going to be okay . 
  100 % of the time . 
  i use the pill for my skin . 
  and you know you have to have consistent use with all forms of bc , right ?
