  same !, 
  i doubt op would be too interested in that , though . 
  well , why is it doomed first of all ? 
  what 's so unsolvable about it ? 
  and my preference is always to end sooner rather than later . 
  the staying for memories idea sounds nice , but you 'll both end up resenting each other in the end . 
  it depends . 
  i 'm a brit and never been to a wedding with an open bar - i 'm not sure people would be able to cope with that availability of alcohol !, 
  it 's always been a few pre-bought bottles of wine on the tables , bubbly given out for speeches and then pay your own way for the rest of the evening . 
  i 've been to an irish catholic wedding and a couple of scottish weddings as well as your usual english country weddings . 
  the bar would genuinely run out of stock before people would stop drinking if we did open bars . 
  we do n't mess around when it comes to a booze up !, 
  british museum , national portrait gallery , national gallery , v&a , science museum , natural history museum , museum of london ... 
  all zone 1 , all free . 
  i 'm a teacher and i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the handwriting of the boys i teach is just as mixed as the girls . 
  well , everyone regardless of gender does have to pay for loo roll . 
  i do n't think it should be free , but there definitely should n't be taxes applied to sanitary products . 
  schools ca n't search phones - or at least my school ca n't . 
  we had training on this just last week , actually . 
  we can confiscate phones for inappropriate use , but then they are just kept safe until the student comes to collect them . 
  teachers should not attempt to look at the contents . 
  students always panic that we will search their phones , and seem to think we have some kind of master key to get past the lock screen . 
  we ca n't . 
  pregnancy is n't exactly a walk in the park . 
  women still die from childbirth all the time , and it wreaks havoc on the body . 
  i do n't think it 's the more moral option to force a pregnant woman into nine full months of turmoil on the body just to put another child into the stretched adoption system . 
  when there are drunk people around . 
  i 'm very confident socially , but i really hate really drunk people . 
  parties , but specifically the loud sort - i 'm perfectly happy with dinner parties and smaller , more intimate parties . 
  not even a little bit . 
  i was sent to sunday school when i was younger , mostly to get into a good secondary school , and that put me off it for life . 
  i 'm currently addicted to * great british menu * , and i 'm in advance mourning that bake off wo n't be half as good this year since it 's moving to channel 4 . 
  i 'm a secondary school history teacher !, 
  i 'm in my first proper year after qualification , and it 's a real relief that i like the job as much as i do . 
  i could never be a nurse . 
  all that blood and pain and bodily fluids , ugh . 
  no thank you . 
  ace of cakes was great !, 
  do you watch cake boss at all ? 
  they come up with some brilliant stuff . 
  i always wondered why they changed the name for us-ians . 
  it 's * great british bake off * for us . 
  does a bake off have some different connotations for you lot or something ? 
  i know , same !, 
  i have no doubt the corny jokes and sexy subtext will stay , but - sandi and noel fielding ? 
  really ? 
  heaven forbid that * someone else * who knows your girlfriend leaves a comment on a photo . 
  or that she likes it !, 
  i mean , what is the world coming to these days ? 
  bf , back off . 
  the very fact that you typed this post for * your girlfriend * to submit just screams insecurity . 
  she has done nothing wrong , and if you carry on down this line you 're just going to drive her away . 
  the sun is extreme right wing material now ? 
  i mean , i know liverpool hates them , but i did n't think they were quite that bad . 
  are you the same guy who posted to legaladvice saying that he was a german father and his daughter was viewing nazi websites ? 
  because if so , 2/10 for not realising that possibly people may read different subreddits and remember recent posts called out for being trolls . 
   it 's also possible he 's worried about the appearance of being with someone younger , or someone giving him shit for it . 
  so he could be hypersensitive to things that could be perceived as childish . 
  then that is * his * issue to deal with , not hers , and it makes him look even worse to start with !, 
  what , a grown man really ca n't deal with other people 's potential opinions of his partner so * she 's * the one that needs to stop what she 's doing ? 
  really ? 
  i did my second degree in history through the ou and worked full time as well . 
  it was three years of slogging my overworked guts out , but it was so worth it . 
  got me into a great teacher training programme , and i 'm almost at the end of my first fully qualified year at a wonderful school . 
  best thing i ever did . 
  tissues . 
  no one wants to sit next to the sniffle-snotty person . 
  earphones . 
  there are a variety of contributing factors to the fall , and the answer really tends to depend on your own personal interpretation of how much you think each factor mattered overall . 
  in fact , my a-level students have to answer a very similar question in their exams . 
  for this , i 'll be using extracts from orlando figes book ` revolutionary russia 1891-1991 ' , and he 's nicely put a good selection of extracts [ on his website ] ( http://orlandofiges.info/index.php ) . 
  figes is a very reputable russian historian and his books are very readable , but david service and j.n westwood are also good alternatives . 
  the first thing to know is that up until 1956 , the ussr is largely kept under control by stalin through a mixture of state controlled propaganda , and state organised terror and purges . 
  from there , it gets rather less purge-y and execution-ey under khrushchev and then brezhnev , but the state police is still a very noticeable presence , particularly under head of police andropov . 
  it moves into surveillance and monitoring , but information is still restricted , and dissenters would still be arrested and jailed , or exiled . 
  this means that although the economy is stagnating , housing is generally rubbish and life is n't exactly * good * , the soviet system is still stable . 
  it also holds its satellite communist states together through what 's called the brezhnev doctrine , where the ussr announces it will enforce any threat to communism in other warsaw pact countries . 
  so , when gorbachev comes to power in 1985 , things seem pretty all right . 
  they 're not exactly perfect , but they 're ticking along . 
  in fact , figes says :, 
   `` nobody expected the soviet regime to end so suddenly . 
  most revolutions die with a whimper rather than a bang . 
  some people say that the events of 1985-91 were a revolution in themselves . 
  this is not quite right . 
  but the speed with which the system fell apart took everybody by surprise , and this seemed to earn the name . 
  in 1985 the soviet union seemed as permanent as any state . '', 
  gorbachev inherits lots of problems from his predecessors . 
  it 's an accumulation of decisions that have been made since 1956 , and essentially gorbachev decides that things need to change - but he * does * want to improve it to save the communist system . 
  he does n't want to dismantle the ussr . 
  he introduces two policies ; * glasnost * ( openness ) and * perestroika * ( restructuring ) . 
  these * sound * good in concept , but what it really means is that gorbachev starts to tinker with the system , and it goes wrong . 
  * glasnost * is largely fuelled by the chernobyl disaster , in which soviet authorities try to cover up the huge disaster that is the meltdown at the nuclear power station in chernobyl , which gorbachev recognises was a huge misstep . 
  his * perestroika * drive is a response to the economic stagnation gorbachev inherited , where a command economy can not respond quickly to the changing needs of the country , and living standards are quite low with an abundance of alcoholics thanks to brezhnev 's push to keep vodka prices low . 
  gorbachev wants change , but he has often also been blamed for approaching things in a trial-and-error fashion without any real understanding of the consequences of his reforms . 
  and when it goes wrong , people can now complain about the failure of the system without fear of arrest like in the bad old days . 
  you start to get protesters , and these protesters are encouraged by other high level officials like boris yeltsin who spends his whole life antagonizing gorbachev ( and also getting drunk ) , but drives the support for a total change in the system . 
  gorbachev tells the satellite states that they 're on their own , and * perestroika * means that the brezhnev doctrine is no more , which leads to mass strikes that do n't get crushed like they did in the 1950s . 
  this lead to an loss of communist power in countries like poland and hungary , which then leads to the fall of the berlin wall in east germany and then protests and elections in czechoslovakia . 
  gorbachev also pushes through reforms for multi-party elections in the ussr , and figes argues that by this point he now fully believes in the need for democracy in the ussr .
