  take care . '', 
  `` cheers . '', 
  `` cheers . '', 
  as you can see , no patronyms necessary . 
  it 's all pleases and thankyous , and there 's generally a lot of them !, 
  how funny . 
  i do n't change it around at all , i use cheers indiscriminately . 
  my brother 's much more likely to use ` ta ' though , which i never use . 
  it 's a really stupid word for a totally average pints-on-the-weekend body . 
  her character the fool in her * realm of the elderlings * series is genderqueer/genderfluid and absolutely wonderfully written . 
  the depth she gives to her characters is completely wonderful , and fitz and the fool will stay with you for a long , long time . 
  start with * assassin 's apprentice * and go from there . 
  my dog does a fakeout of wanting to go outside , and then when you go to the door he doubles back and sits by the cupboard with his food in instead . 
  no henry , i am not going to feed you just because you got me to walk into the room where the biscuits are . 
  he 's also becoming a spoilt brat about jumping out of my car when we get to the office . 
  he 'll jump out at any other time ( home , ringcraft classes , dog shows , somewhere for a walk ) but getting him out and in to the office is starting to do my head in . 
  if it was october i would just leave him in there to sleep , but it 's july and one of the hottest days on record !, 
  i just meant the term for ` sir/miss/ma ` am/whatever ' i just guessed that patronym might be the right one !, 
  `` onwards and upwards '' is my own little motto . 
  it helps me feel better about progressing in life . 
  massages and haircuts . 
  especially haircuts - i always feel so pretty when i walk out of a salon after a new haircut , and i looooove the little scalp massages that hairdressers give you when they 're washing your hair . 
  it 's divine . 
  your mum is not you . 
  you are not your mum . 
  she is a different person , with different likes , dislikes and personality . 
  who says that philosophy and science are the only ` intellectual ' parts in life ? 
  who decided that , and who * cares * if she does n't like them ? 
  only you , apparently . 
  your mum might not like the same things that you do , but she raised you and * gave * you a love of science and philosophy . 
  that was her upbringing , and she did it all by herself . 
  appreciate the good things about her !, 
  if you find yourself thinking that she 's stupid , remind yourself about an act of kindess she did , or how social she is , or how she singlehandedly raised an assertive , clever son . 
  i 'd also remind you that being mentally active does n't always protect against degenerative disease - my nanna was the busiest , cleverest , most well-read person i know and she now has severe dementia and ca n't feed or dress herself properly . 
  terry pratchett died of alzheimers . 
  billy connolly has parkinsons . 
  doing crosswords and reading marx is n't going to stop dementia if it 's in your genes . 
  you do n't know what happened in their marriage . 
  you do n't know the ins and outs of their relationship , what happened behind closed doors , what made her have an affair or what made him leave . 
  nothing happens in isolation , and your mum is n't a bad person just because she cheated . 
  she still raised you . 
  your father did n't . 
  he 's not a saint and she 's not a failure . 
  i never really marathon them , but i 'm always watching one mcu movie or another . 
  it was iron man last night , and i 'll probably stick gotg on at some point this weekend . 
  well this may be * entirely * unconnected , but chris pratt is one of my favourite favourite celebrities and he knows how to french braid hair . 
  it 's supremely attractive . 
  i 'm about as stereotypically upper class british as you can get today . 
  i even bought a straw boater hat . 
  i do n't think i could pass for american in any way , shape or form . 
  i have no idea how my cousin and his girlfriend ever got together , as they never seem to say more than five words to anyone at any time . 
  so i would say yes , some women go for strong and silent . 
  dry shampoo is great !, 
  you just spray it into your roots , rub it in and you 're good to go . 
  i 'll often shower and get my body clean , but not wash my hair , as over washing can make it look more greasy . 
  dry shampoo is a good way to get one more day out of it . 
  we know buckys memories are messed up anyway , so i would n't assume that his flashbacks are at all sequential or linear . 
  he could easily have had his time with the russians and before zola erased . 
  i think it 's helpful to have zola in his memories so we the viewer can link it all together , but he 's not at all a reliable narrator , especially about his own experiences . 
  [ wassily kandinsky ] ( http://www.ibiblio.org/wm/paint/auth/kandinsky/kandinsky.comp-8.jpg ) was the first artist whose paintings i really really fell in love with . 
  i just love his use of line and colour and the way you can * see * music in his art . 
  there are two or three other impressionist artists that i love . 
  [ whistlejacket by george stubbs ] ( http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3828/9694096589_edc1e9b71d_b.jpg ) does n't feel like it translates well to screen , but standing in front of it at the national gallery in london is the most divine experience . 
  the texture , the shades , the sheer * size * of it - i could just stand there all day . 
  how on earth is your mum the one making poor choices ?? 
  your brother sounds like an awful , awful person !, 
  op , you need to side with the person who is n't making cruel comments and withholding contact because of a medical requirement . 
  netflix do n't hang around , do they ?? 
  brilliant news !, 
  kayak.com will give you a graph that shows when flight prices are going up and down . 
  a friend of mine swears by holidays through travelzoo , and lastminute always has good deals . 
  the travel section in any sunday paper lists loads of good flight deals too - the mail on sunday had some amazing ones in this week . 
  they 're odd . 
  it 's like a mix between a t-shirt and a formal button shirt . 
  i do n't quite get it . 
  yes , as brits we do genuinely make fun of each other all the time . 
  however , your boyfriend is also old enough to be able to recognise the line between pulling someone 's leg and being genuinely hurtful , and it sounds like he 's being * incredibly * hurtful . 
  there 's no need to insult someone else 's mum , for one thing !, 
  i would sit him down and tell him that you 're not finding these comments funny , and you do n't appreciate being the butt of all of his jokes . 
  if he does n't change his * hilarious * sense of humour or take you seriously , i 'd then look again at whether you should really be dating such a hurtful person . 
  i turned 30 in march and i 've just finished my ou degree ( results out this week , i hope ! ) . 
  i 've got a place on a pgce teacher training course to start in september , and had no problems getting there . 
  if you 're persistent , presentable and confident in yourself and your skills , your age wo n't matter a jot . 
  the ou shows that you have great time management skills , and that you 're dedicated to your subject and profession ( i.e. , it 's not just something that you 've picked because your secondary school told you that you should go to uni ) . 
  you 've got transferable skills from your work in the police , and your age shows that you 'll be more stable as a job candidate rather than a wide eyed fresh out of uni newbie . 
  do n't compare yourself to 21 and 22 year olds on linkedin , because you 'll drive yourself nuts and never get anywhere . 
  you 'll be * fine * . 
  i copy all of the sounds my dog makes . 
  he * hates * it , especially last night when i was panting back at him . 
  blowing on his nose drives him absolutely nuts too , but it 's hilarious . 
  i knew that one from legacies of brussel sprout buying at christmas . 
  they are bizarre little creations , are n't they ? 
  i 'm a good girl and i try one every year just to check whether my tastebuds have changed , but no luck . 
  no matter how they get cooked , i just ca n't enjoy them . 
  to be fair , i do respect australia for not putting up with the whole ` using a k as a c ' shit , though replacing an entire word is a * bit * much . 
  do you want to work in the media industry ? 
  if so , yes that degree is worth it , especially if it has good employment links and a high graduate employment rate . 
  the salaried year in industry is also very worth it . 
  if you do n't want to work in entertainment or are n't passionate enough about the industry to do the graft that 's needed to break in , then maybe look at something else . 
  however , portsmouth does have a good reputation , it seems to have an emphasis on business management which is always useful , and it seems like it would be a really interesting three years .
