  i 'm not aiming to be a headteacher , but eventual head of history or head of classics would be my ultimate aim . 
  i 'd guess that it seems impossible for you now because , well , you 've never done it before !, 
  you 've got no frame of reference for single living , so it just seems like the end of the world to you . 
  i promise , it 's not . 
  single life means you get to do whatever * you * want to do whenever * you * want to do it . 
  solo travel means planning your own itinerary , and totally throwing away the itinerary when you get there if you feel like it . 
  it means finding out what makes * you * tick rather than what you-and-so like doing together , and it means finding yourself as a person . 
  a whole unit rather than just the other half of ` my other half ' . 
  it 's a big world , but you 'll be fine . 
  start by picking up a hobby that you 've always thought that you 'd like to do and go from there . 
  give yourself time just to be a single you . 
  spend time with your kids and just kicking around with them being dad . 
  i 'm sure they 'll appreciate the one on one time as much as you will . 
  yup , in essex . 
  what a cool contest !, 
  that 's a great idea . 
  white peasant skirts with all the frilly layers . 
  they really do n't look good on anyone , and they 're always borderline transparent . 
  especially when you see someone in a white peasant skirt who has * also * chosen to wear black underwear that day . 
  why would you * do * that ? 
  i wash usually every third day , and right now i 'm using herbal essences but i 'd like to splash out on some redken and get all luxuried up . 
  i like l'oreals stuff for heat protection , which always goes on when i 've towelled it off . 
  it 's a shoulder-length bob right now with blunt ends , so i blow dry upside down for loooads of volume , then straighten it all to make it nice and neat and sleek and tame any wild bits with a bit of serum . 
  cut is every six/eight weeks ( looooooove getting my hair cut ) , dye from a box every six months or so . 
  i need to do it again sometime soon , my roots are getting ridiculous . 
  i only deep condition when i remember , which is basically never , and i really should do that more . 
  there 's not much about my appearance that i fuss over , but my hair is definitely something i put a lot of effort in to . 
  i 'm not sure it was cut , just hidden under a cap . 
  between the [ hat and the collar ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140507070941/marvelcinematicuniverse/images/3/32/bucky_smithsonian.png ) , you really ca n't see what length he 's meant to have at all ,, 
  oh god , so many to choose from !, 
  rdj is the original and best , and he clearly just loves playing tony and getting involved with us fans . 
  he 's so passionate about all of it , and i love seeing him enjoy his character so much . 
  chris evans just seems like the * best * person to go and hang out with , and i like that he 's just laughing constantly in all of his interviews . 
  he really , really made me like cap too - he could so easily be a big jingoistic character , but chris gives cap a real heart and soul . 
  i love that . 
  charlie cox , zoe saldana , and tom hiddleston just look like they are having the best time getting to play in the big marvel sandbox , and i love how enthusiastic they are about their characters . 
  i mean , come on , loki in hall h ? 
  who else would do that ? 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , sebastian stan is an * amazing * actor . 
  he has about fifteen lines in winter soldier , he spends most of it in a mask and muzzle , and you know every thought going through his character 's head . 
  even the little shots in first avenger , where the camera pans out from `` three cheers for captain america ! '', 
  and you see bucky 's expression change as he claps along - really subtle , but brilliant . 
  also , hayley atwell is my favourite favourite favourite . 
  her twitter feed is fabulous . 
  i do n't know specifically what that entails , so i guess so ? 
  i guess with romantic attraction it involves the desire to be in their company all of the time - to share things with them , have different experiences with them and be around them long term . 
  with sheer sexual desire it 's a short term thing - i do n't really have a desire to hang around for aaages afterwards , i 'd like to go back to doing my own thing and then see them again at some point in the future for another small amount of time . 
  quality over quantity , i guess you 'd say . 
  oh , well that seems fair enough . 
  sure , it 's like anything . 
  i 'd date them if they were moderate about it , and not in-your-face `` well this is n't * equal * ! '', 
  oh , plenty long enough . 
  i had a three ( or four ? ), 
  year drought , and now it 's been maybe a year or two since i last got laid . 
  it does n't bother me . 
  i 'd much rather wait a while and find a good relationship first . 
  it 's the companionship i miss more than the actual act of sex . 
  he just killed it as klaue , too . 
  such a great scene . 
  i do n't think it 's the unpopular opinion , just that it has n't really been talked about yet . 
  i * loved * daredevil and have watched the series a couple of times already and often repeat my favourite episodes like world on fire or nelson v murdock . 
  i really love it , but i do n't think it 's surpassed or overtaken the general mcu , just that it 's doing its own great thing in its own way . 
  the netflix shows are all about a specific part of the mcu and the world its in , which is new york ( or just one neighbourhood ! ), 
  the films are about the much bigger world and the bigger events , and i think the two work well together . 
  the avengers bash up new york , daredevil talks about how the economy and normal people pick up after that . 
  theres gods and captain america in the world all of a sudden , what 's one guy in a mask against that ? 
  civil war is going to be about moral dilemmas , and i 'm * really * looking forward to seeing how matt ( or jessica jones , or luke cage ) deal with the fallout from that , but i 'm also really looking forward to that bigger picture that cw is going to give us . 
  i do n't think i 'd be content just with gritty netflix series when you get to have big fun events like guardians , or questions like `` this is n't freedom , this is fear '' that winter soldier gets us all thinking about . 
  also , hey , big cgi budgets are * really * fun to watch . 
  aw , see i think one red carpet video is a harsh thing to judge an actors approach to their role on . 
  it 's such a busy , crazy environment , they do n't really get to relax and talk about it properly . 
  i like the [ google panel interview ] ( https://youtu.be/yfqjed8pslu?t=22m40s ) she did with chris pratt and vin diesel . 
  the whole thing is great , but she 's really enthusiastic and chatty in the bit from 22:40 when they 're talking about the guardians v avengers . 
  i do n't care . 
  seriously , i do not care about such an irrelevant detail . 
  they 're having sex , so what ? 
  big deal . 
  i do n't actually want to know whether my friends are having acres of sex or not . 
   what 's your take on them being in a relationship , do you think they cheat more ? 
  a ) i do n't care b ) of course they do n't cheat more , that 's bullshit c ) surely if they were in a relationship that makes them generally less promiscuous seeing as they 're not racking up the numbers ? 
  d ) i really do n't care . 
  it 's hard . 
  it 's * really * hard , and the only way i 've got through my degree is that i work for my dad and he 's a really lenient boss who allows me to bring in uni work to the office on quiet days . 
  you need to make time for yourself , and you need to be able to recognise when your brain is tired and you just can not take in any more information , rather than grinding away until midnight every night . 
  learn to pace yourself , to let some things go rather than aim for a perfect mark every time , and you 'll be fine . 
  oh , and give yourself time off , too . 
  i always gave myself one day a week as a relaxation , no-work day to give my brain a rest . 
  i 'm less picky now ( i 'm 30 ) , but i know other people who are older than me and have entire lists of what they * need * ( not just want ) in a partner . 
  my list boils down to older than me , taller than me , stable job , likes reading , likes/loves dogs . 
  that 's not that picky , i do n't think . 
  i have no idea . 
  i 've never met a marine biologist before . 
  i do n't think any of my friends have ever shown the inclination . 
  i have one biologist friend , but her speciality was plants . 
  maybe you just live in an area that has a uni with a really really good course reputation nearby ? 
  yup . 
  i shop at sainsburys , i read the guardian , i drive a kia , i speak with the right south east accent and buy my clothes from next . 
  all pretty standard middle class stuff . 
  i 'm open to it , but i would n't prefer it . 
  my life is really unpredictable and up in the air right now , and i do n't think it 's fair to the guy or the child if i ca n't be around to put the proper effort needed into the relationship .
