  lean on your wife . 
  lean on your male friends . 
  lean on your family . 
  do n't face all of this alone . 
  i 'm sure she wants to lean on you too , and by facing this together , not alone , you 'll become a stronger unit together . 
  at my school we teach dunkirk to year 9 rather than the gcse students , so it might have been covered in any generic ww2 topic you did ? 
  very well known and often seen as a triumph of british heroism . 
  the interpretation is up for debate , of course . 
  during the queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations there was a naval parade down the thames , and some of the remaining dunkirk ` little ships ' were part of it . 
  how do you currently split your bills and what is she proposing ? 
  is it 50/50 right now ? 
  in that case , if she 's got # 17k in savings , i agree with you and think she should use that rather than lean on you . 
  # 100 a month to offset some high travelling costs works out as # 2400 for the two years before her pay goes up . 
  it 's what savings are there for , after all - these are the rainy days and she 's put a pot aside to deal with it . 
  i loved that jessica 's colours were in the bar of the restaurant too !, 
  you did have the interview conversation between misty and jessica that was about a case though ? 
  or alexandra and mdm gao , or alexandra and elektra ? 
  the claire/colleen talks * were * annoying but there are others that pass the test . 
  i remember looking in the bathroom mirror afterwards and thinking `` well , i do n't * feel * any different . '', 
  it was fine . 
  my boyfriend at the time made it pretty comfortable , and i generally remember enjoying it but not being overwhelmed . 
  american humour is more obvious and in your face . 
  british humour is more dry and subtle , and tends to be at the expense of someone . 
  someone in here a couple of days ago linked a good clip of stephen fry talking about the difference in comic characters for brits and americans . 
  that 's the ticket . 
  i 'm a teacher in a uk comprehensive school and had a homeschooled student join us for a-levels . 
  on the plus side , he 's * very * bright , and very hard-working . 
  he 'll really get his head down and do the work and is clearly really driven to get what he wants . 
  parents are very involved and have taken him on loads of trips to supplement school work , so he 's got amazing knowledge of the subject . 
  that 's great and really impressive . 
  for the negatives , being homeschooled means he has no idea how to write an essay that will score well on those essential exams . 
  we had to undo and reteach all those basics ( essay structure , analysing as well as knowledge ) our students learn in first year just so he could start getting reasonable marks . 
  he had also never sat an exam in a formal environment before , which would obviously be an issue for those intimidating end of year exams . 
  his social skills are also pretty weak and he really struggles to get on with the other students , even when they do try to reach out . 
  and finally , it 's * really * noticeable that he 's under parents thumb much much more than the other students . 
  they 're very much their own individuals , but i think our homeschooler has n't grown beyond his parents ideas yet . 
  that comes out in lots of different ways , but it 'll be interesting to see how he goes on in the future . 
  i 'm not sold on homeschooling and think kids get a better experience socially in public education . 
  but i can see why some do it . 
  i did some gardening !, 
  i 'm not a gardening type person , but our hedges at the front of the house are getting toooooo overgrown . 
  i borrowed some clippers , hauled out the recycling bin and got to work !, 
  it was really nice to do some physical work outside rather than stare at my laptop for the afternoon . 
  i filled up the whole bin with hedge trimmings too . 
  really pleased with myself . 
  i think you did something that you * knows * requires consent first because she is uncomfortable with it , and you did it anyway . 
  i think you were putting * your * needs and desires ahead of hers . 
  you 're making it sound like a nice thing ` maybe i was giving her pleasure in her dream ' , but it was n't . 
  clearly she thinks it was creepy as you 're saying she was upset , and you would n't post here if she was okay with it . 
  i also think you need to back off and consider why you did something that has always needed verbal consent in a situation where she could n't give consent , and why you continued to push her boundaries . 
  you were really , really out of line here . 
  not found anyone i want to be married to yet . 
  fractions hawkeye is the best . 
  i do wish mcu clint was more like that . 
  it 's attractive because it looks good . 
  just because * you * do n't think it 's attractive does n't mean anything . 
  if you liked winter soldier and civil war even a little bit , i think you 'll enjoy tfa . 
  for me it adds an even greater depth to caps relationships with peggy and bucky . 
  it really explores just how much he loves them , how much they affect his life , and why he 's prepared to risk so much for bucky . 
  yeah , red skull is cheesy as all get out , but tfa is still really fun . 
  aldi or asda with occasional extras from tesco . 
  aldi is my favourite though - so much cheaper !, 
  the cousin was the rude one , not your daughter . 
  you 've had these people over for three days straight , and you say your daughter was well behaved on the first two times . 
  she was out of the way and sleeping in another room . 
  the cousin deliberately provoked her to get her own way , and your daughter enforced her boundaries . 
  it 's just the same way that a dog will snap at you if you keep provoking it . 
  your daughter was right and the cousin was the rude one . 
  yes , telling people to ` fuck off ' is something you can address , because there 's plenty of other expressions she could have used , but her actions were correct . 
  there 's nothing she needs to apologise for . 
  balenciaga paris is my favourite . 
  hug on meeting , usually a kiss on the cheek at the end . 
  your boyfriend is an ass who has no idea how to compliment you , and actually spends more time insulting you than anything else . 
  i particularly love that he blames it as his ` kink ' . 
  you can do so much better . 
  going to one family dinner and going to one game with your dad is n't selfish , it 's normal and a nice thing to do . 
  she needs to learn that she can not have sole possession of you for as long as she wants . 
  do n't let her isolate you from your family . 
  you 'll probably get odd looks if you ask for hot tea and a glass of ice , but they 'll make it for you . 
  i had to make it a couple of times when i was a waitress and had americans come in . 
  asking for tap water will be fine , and we tip about 10 % if service was good . 
  there are usually one or two bbq items on menus like ribs , but not that many , and mexican food is getting more common here but still not that easy to find . 
  i have to ask though , why come over here and expect to eat like you normally do ? 
  surely branching out and trying some british dishes instead of looking for american ones would be a better thing to try ? 
  genuinely ca n't believe it all properly starts again tomorrow . 
  i 've got so much to do !, 
  i seriously doubt many will a ) be aware of what he did or b ) be a copycat about it . 
  most teenagers do n't need a reason to make rude hand gestures , anyway . 
  as far as sanctions go , i would tend to have a stern word with them about how it was inappropriate and leave it at that . 
  i 'm a woman who loves history so much that i teach it for a living !, 
  most of my department are women too and loads of my friends love history . 
  all of my female friends love reading too , so i really do n't know where you formed your opinions . 
  you need help , op - real therapeutic help that can give you structure for getting past your extreme insecurity . 
  cutting off every part of yourself , physically and metaphorically , is not the way to go . 
  i do n't think so . 
  my mum was very disappointed , but i do n't think her opinion of me changed . 
  no one at uni or work treated me any differently , and most people are generally curious about them when they figure out i have them ( my most visible ones are on the inside of my wrists ) . 
  i 'm from england , and it 's quite common for younger people to be inked now . 
  i do n't expect or want to look like a supermodel , so why should i try to be something i 'm not ? 
  i 'd rather just take care of my body and dress it so it looks good rather than contorting myself to be someone everyone else apparently wants me to be .
