  :( i miss my baby . 
  only two weeks until i see him again though !, 
  i love my ou degree - i 'm so proud of what it represents , and i 've only had good feedback so far about it . 
  i did mine full time whilst also working full time , which was pretty masochistic , especially when it got to third year , but i managed somehow . 
  i 'm on a teacher training course now , and i honestly would not have been able to deal properly with the workload if i had n't done my ou degree first . 
  i * think * practical subjects do have organised lab time or virtual labs , but i 'm not certain . 
  for costs , ou degrees are a bit cheaper than brick unis - it 's about # 2600 per module , so # 5200 to do a full level . 
  take note , the second page of this article is practically a script run down for part of a scene . 
  avoid if you want to stay away from any degree of spoiler . 
  not me , i 'm afraid . 
  would love to take the credit !, 
  well the first picture is also from the trailer and he has a patch , so i 'm assuming he takes it off at some point during the film , or is made to take it off . 
  same here . 
  i want it to happen , but i 'm not quite fussed enough about it to put in the effort of finding a partner . 
  not at all bad . 
  i went to copenhagen by myself for five days in february and had a blast . 
  sort out your travel arrangements , make sure the hotel/hostel/airbnb you 're staying in is well reviewed , and do the usual safety precautions . 
  you 'll have a great time . 
  what about visiting a canadian city ? 
  you 're outside the us , but it 'll still be familiar . 
  baby steps . 
  tell the landlord and agency - alternatively , see if you can find details for the breeder he 's buying from and tell them that you will be in a flat and not in a house . 
  if they 're a responsible breeder , they should stop , or at least postpone the sale . 
  i just went on a date with a guy who had ` who wants to see the new hunger games ? ', 
  in his tinder profile . 
  i messaged saying i would , we fixed up a time and i 've just got home from the date . 
  it was fine . 
  glad i did n't drag out my first impressions with more messages , though . 
  i just felt more attached to the supporting characters in dd than jj . 
  i cared what happened to foggy and karen , but i was n't really fussed about trish or malcolm . 
  they never really connected for me , so i never got as attached to the show as i did with daredevil . 
  honestly , do n't even think about driving in london . 
  the tube and buses will get you everywhere you possibly need to go , and london traffic is insane . 
  south ken is expensive like most of london - a quick look on spareroom is saying # 200 a week is the average rent . 
  are you sure you can afford it there on a postgrad budget ? 
  try / r/london for suggestions on different areas . 
  as far as schools go , there really is n't any variation from the official explanations you 'll find . 
  most things are very standard , apart from when you start getting into the scottish or norn irish systems . 
  that 's why you 've had a few narky responses - what we 'll tell you is the same as what wikipedia or the bbc will tell you . 
  getting changed from office clothes into something messy and comfy really changes gears for me . 
  it 's very much a ` okay , time to chill ' sign to my brain . 
  i usually just spend an hour having a cup of tea , making dinner , redditing on my phone and chatting with housemates when i get in too , and that helps me wind down from a difficult day . 
  you 've explained his actions . 
  he 's made you a promise . 
  now see if he 's adult enough to put his words into actions . 
  if he stops the rough housing with you , stops the biting and heavy handling , then you 'll know he was sincere . 
  if he does it again to you , even one more time , then you 'll know he is deliberately hurting you , despite clear warnings , and you 'll know to walk away . 
  the only talk you can have with her , really , is `` i will support you , whatever you choose . '', 
  if she gets in to nyu then you really should not attempt to stop her going . 
  this is * her * life , and you 're both still young . 
  it is be a hard choice to sacrifice your relationship to growing up and moving away . 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  however , as a grizzled thirty year old who has managed the rigamarole of uni life and working life so far , let me assure you that it will be the right one . 
  you 'll be okay . 
  winter soldier / bucky barnes . 
  i just love all of the layers you get with bucky . 
  he 's not a traditional hero like batman or superman - half the time he calls himself a villain - but he always * tries * to do good . 
  i love the idea of a flawed , reformed , amputee veteran who does n't know who he is , or should be , but is trying hard to make that add up anyway . 
  add in his enduring friendship with steve rogers , the fact that he ends up becoming cap , his brilliant history with black widow , and my geeky historical love of the cold war that i get to dig around in because of his origin story , and it all adds up to my favourite favourite character . 
  he 's just brilliant . 
  career goals : becoming a history teacher . 
  i 've just finished my first term of teacher training and really love it . 
  i 'm getting good reports from my mentors too , so fingers crossed !, 
  life goals : buying a house and a dog of my own . 
  will be achieved once i 'm a qualified teacher . 
  relationship goals : having a relationship to start with would be good !, 
  i 'm on okc and tinder , but i only date sporadically and i 've not had much luck so far . 
  bucky , obvs . 
  as sebastian stan himself said , it 's pretty `` i wo n't quit you '' brokeback . 
  stucky is the normal one i see on tumblr , but starbucks is awfully cute . 
  kiss kiss bang bang sort of does , in a very generalised kind of way . 
  here we go !, 
  illustrated fandom ship names :, 
  [ part one ] ( http://tonysvandyke.tumblr.com/post/129177149731/people-get-very-creative-with-shipping-names-but ) ( with stucky ), 
  [ part two ] ( http://tonysvandyke.tumblr.com/post/130552118746/back-by-popular-demand-and-despite-several ), 
  [ part three ] ( http://tonysvandyke.tumblr.com/post/132884368456/yet-another-shipping-names-illustrated-heres ), 
  winter soldier definitely got the serum , yeah . 
  bucky would n't have been able to survive the fall otherwise , and they give little hints towards it all the way through first avenger . 
  i mostly find that there is a fine line between assertive and aggravatingly arrogant . 
  i like confidence , and i do n't like arrogance . 
  ooooh , this is hard . 
  going by the sheer number of times that i have rewatched them , winter soldier first , then daredevil , then gotg . 
  i will fully admit that i also love all of the iron mans equally and will happily sit down and watch any of them , just because rdj is so brilliant . 
  i really dislike the ` sending light and energy your way ' stuff . 
  tell someone you love them and you 're thinking about them , sure , but i 'm just imagining people standing in a line and sending laser beams out of their chests at a random persons house . 
  it 's incredibly cheesy . 
  also , homeopathy is total bollocks . 
  benefits lemon aid eyeshadow primer is the one thing i will never ever be without in my makeup box . 
  it lasts for * ages * . 
  umm , lets see . 
  it 's mostly during the hydra warehouse scene . 
  steve finds bucky prone and hallucinating on the operation table , but within five or ten minutes of being up , he 's running on his own up several flights of stairs without any assistance . 
  not only that , but he has excellent balance on that steel beam across to the other side of the warehouse while everything is exploding and falling apart - and he stays on it even when it breaks . 
  no normal person would realistically be able to manage that , even with movie magic at work . 
  you could argue that his sniping skills are enhanced with the serum too . 
  i do think that scene of him shooting the hydra soldier in the head was in there for a reason . 
  well , his arm was probably more than broken as they did amputate it . 
  but it explained how he survived a fall down a whole mountainside off of a speeding train , yes . 
  you are twenty four years old . 
  you are absolutely allowed to have a drink after a long day without someone smashing your glass , smashing your bottle and then locking you in your room like a naughty puppy !,
