  i 've worn both of them to death and they 're super ridiculously comfortable . 
  i love all the memories that i associate with them . 
  the fringe was crazy hours but it was incredibly fun . 
  fancy dogs . 
  haha not really !, 
  i do dog shows . 
  the kind where dogs are paraded around a ring and judged rather than the jumping through hoops kind . 
  uh , i 'm a woman and i research the car i want plenty thoroughly . 
  do n't tar the rest of us with you not making an effort . 
  captain america : winter soldier . 
  i loooove the action sequences , cap becomes a much more well rounded character , natasha romanoff is badass , and i 'm truthfully a little bit in love with bucky barnes . 
  i 've always loved [ this one of henry . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqdtttq.jpg ) it perfectly sums up how cheeky he is , and how much he always wants to play . 
  but i also love [ this one too . 
  it 's physically impossible for the vagina to stretch out purely from sex . 
  sure , giving birth may alter it , but not sex . 
  otherwise , all those times you slept with her would have made way more difference than these two guys . 
  tv shows - coronation street , antiques roadshow and countryfile . 
  a neat summary of our older middle classes , and generally bumbling attitude to life , i think . 
  for our humour : blackadder ( personally i think series 3 or 4 are the best ones ) , fawlty towers and the brilliant radio show [ i 'm sorry i have n't a clue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xkqxg7udjc ) . 
  the first guy i 'd just assume he was from london . 
  the second is n't overdressed at all . 
  it just looks like he takes care of himself and knows how to look good . 
  you are never going to get what you want from this girl . 
  you want monogamous sex , she does n't . 
  she does n't want kids , you do . 
  you commit emotionally before sleeping with someone , she does n't connect sex with emotions . 
  you honestly would be much better off breaking up with her than getting yourself hurt any further . 
  if you keep going and get more attached to her , you are just going to resent this entire situation more and more , and that 's not fair on her . 
  realistically , she 's been clear with you from the beginning what she wants , and how she goes about it . 
  if you left uni , what would you do instead ? 
  what is your eventual goal ? 
  that 's one of the most vague statements i 've ever heard . 
  do you have a portfolio ? 
  any outside work ? 
  what area of art and design do you want to look at ? 
  look , i get disliking your subject , i do , but right now you 're at least studying towards something productive . 
  the other option you 're suggesting means dropping out to do bugger all instead . 
  you do n't have anything lined up , you do n't have any concrete plans , you just might look at something arty instead . 
  you 're almost an adult . 
  you need more of a plan . 
  what do you want to do , and what do you need to do to get there ? 
  either it 's going to be art , in which case you need to focus on developing art skills , or you need to channel your focus into your current degree and at least pull together some better marks . 
  talk to uni staff too - they are there to help you and suggest other options . 
  but your choices are either to improve where you are right now , or put together a viable plan for switching to art and what that will mean . 
  glaswegian and aberdonian accents can be incredibly thick and difficult to understand , and some irish as well . 
  geordie can be pretty much unintelligible at times !, 
  lived there last year and loved it . 
  i 'd happily move back . 
  it 's a great city with some really good shopping and places to go out . 
  it 's the areas a bit further out that you start to get the oddballs . 
  english setters !, 
  i 've grown up with them and they 're the most wonderful , gentle natured dogs . 
  i 'd signed up for priority booking , but realistically do n't have enough money left to buy tickets and eat for the next two weeks . 
  have to wait for payday to book now . 
  boo hiss first world problems etc etc. 
  oh he looks so like our last blue belton , beema !, 
  what a gorgeous face . 
  that 's so beautiful . 
  just gorgeous . 
  i 'm a teacher , so i maybe end up with an hour a day total of downtime , and the rest of it i 'm actively working . 
  i 'm currently in the early stages of dating someone who i fit very well with personality wise , but the sex so far has been awful . 
  it 's making me really conflicted , because i really like spending time with him , but i 'm becoming incredibly reluctant to be intimate with him because i just do n't look forward to it . 
  i 'm aware that i 'm avoiding it because i do n't want another round of the same . 
  i do n't think i 'll stay with him , realistically , because i just do n't enjoy the sex , and that 's a real shame . 
  i could stay with him and teach him , but let 's be honest . 
  we 're both in our thirties and he is older than me . 
  he should know his shit by now and i should n't have to guide him through effective use of the clitoris . 
  also , could n't give a toss about penis size . 
  it 's whatever . 
  just watched it , and they actually say `` he looks like noddy ! '', 
  easily confused with her accent - is it brummy maybe ? 
  noddy is a childrens [ book character ] ( http://www.brownbagfilms.com/images/blog/legacy-files/2009/08/david_noddy.jpg ) from the author enid blyton , and then redone as a childrens cartoon character in the 90s . 
  it 's the red jacket and hat that does it . 
  cricket was one of the things britain brought to our parts of the empire . 
  it was a game that has to be taught , and has very set rules , so it essentially helped to ` civilise ' the countries that we took over . 
  the 2012 olympics opening ceremony . 
  i still watch the industrial revolution part occasionally - it was just so well put together . 
  according to imdb he lived in romania until he was eight , then vienna until he was 12 , and then ny . 
  so , he 's been an american teenager , i guess ? 
  farage is n't actually a uk mp , though . 
  in fact , he 's not even a member of ukip , the party he was leader of . 
  he 's totally stepped aside . 
  theresa may is the new leader of our conservative ( centre right ) party , but we do n't have anyone left in power on the scale of le pen , wilders ( netherlands ) or trump . 
  poland recently had enormous strikes when an anti-abortion law was almost imposed by the government . 
  they backtracked pretty hard on that , from what i recall . 
  secondary history teacher . 
  love it as the people in my department are great , the kids are funny , each day is different and the days go so fast . 
  it 's hard work and exhausting but very satisfying . 
  and tesco ?? 
  as an english setter owner , that sounds about right !, 
  they 're very cheeky dogs with their own mind , but they 're also incredibly soft couch potatoes who just love a good cuddle and fuss . 
  as a teacher myself , your teacher is in the wrong . 
  she should have caught her mistake and got you to change the topic on the day it was set , not the hand in date . 
  asking you to redo a whole project is just not fair . 
  i think you 've got a couple of choices here : ask to submit it without needing to present it , talk to the other kids you think the teacher might be referring to and ask if it would actually bother them , or go to the head of department and explain to them what has happened . 
  hopefully they should see sense and allow you to submit it without any more fuss . 
  sometimes white lies are better than telling the truth . 
  your dad did a nice thing by thinking of you and going out of his way to get you something , even if it was wrong . 
  do the nice thing for him and say thank you .
