  i could n't give a teeny tiny shit what other people think of me . 
  i know people will like me more if i like myself more , because self confidence shows itself on the outside too . 
  * i * like my appearance , sexuality , and self worth , and that 's all that matters . 
  latin phrase at the top of my back , two word latin phrase on the inside of my wrists and a madonna lyric on my ribs . 
  the only one i regret are the ribs because that was one i got on impulse in mexico , but i have seen my wrists every day for ten years and still love them . 
  i 'd like to get them renewed and refreshed , actually . 
  my back still looks amazing , and i have ideas for a final one i would maybe like around my ankle to complete the set . 
  i 'll message a guy pretty often , and i 'm usually always the person to suggest actually meeting up . 
  british guys are somehow really reluctant to get past the safety of hiding behind a screen , which is frustrating . 
  op , i know you 're in a different country , but why are you even with this girl ? 
  she sounds * awful * and you sound completely miserable . 
  relationships are meant to be better than this . 
  i 'm glad you 've moved out - now you just need to take the next step , break up with her and move on . 
  this relationship is a disaster , and you will be so much better off without her . 
  bear in mind as well that for uni uk students apply for one specific course . 
  so you might apply to study history at durham or manchester for example , and you 'll study that solely for three years , whereas the american system stays broad for uni as well . 
  i like our a-level structure and think it 's good to promote that depth learning of a subject . 
  who do you go around calling squeaky ? 
  i 'm 32 and definitely do not have my life together . 
  i have no idea when that might happen . 
  yes , popped it on last weekend to come on if it 's below about 16 degrees between 6 and 7:30 am , and 6pm - 9:00 pm . 
  my heater got warm for about an hour this evening , so it 's at least a little chilly . 
  my mum and i religiously read her column every week and then talk about how awful she is . 
  i ca n't stand her and i ca n't stand the mos , but i also * ca n't stop reading * . 
  they 've hit that perfect ` buy our paper ' terror spot . 
  my parents never went to uni either , it 's really no big deal . 
  go to open days for as many as your shortlist as you can . 
  visiting a uni is the best way to decide whether you want to be there for three years or more . 
  have a look at their graduate employment rate for your course or how many business contacts they have to help you get a job when you 're done . 
  why have you reposted someone elses post with a weird vocabulary ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  this is n't normal , you 're not a baby and he 's a really , * really * shitty boyfriend . 
  run fat boy run, 
  hot fuzz, 
  blackadder ( but skip season 1 ), 
  fawlty towers, 
  dads army, 
  they did have that great making-a-new-element scene in im2 where he was all ripped in a tank top with massive biceps , though . 
  that 's just as good . 
  cabin pressure is amazing . 
  i love the episode where they 're flying over russia and arthur is playing twenty questions trying to guess what they have in the box . 
  the american doctor ran out the clock stalling . 
  he never visited charlie . 
  he said later he never even read the paperwork about his specific case , and he was only offering it because he had money to gain from charlie being treated . 
  the hospital were open to treatment if it was effective , but the doctor * never even tried * . 
  stop blaming ` the government ' . 
  they had nothing to do with it . 
  it was the doctor with this potential treatment who delayed and delayed until the child 's condition got so bad that he had no chance left for it to work . 
  our english setters get a one hour walk either every day , or more usually every other day and they are more than happy with that . 
  it 's what they 've been brought up to expect , so the rest of the time they are dozy snoozehounds . 
  walking a dog three times a day sounds like complete overkill to me !, 
  what about days when you 're ill and ca n't take them anywhere ? 
  mine really are n't that sensitive at all . 
  i feel pressure as well , but nothing much more than that . 
  i lectured my year 11s who were late to class last week because more than half the class sauntered in after the start of the session and i wasnt going to stand for it . 
  most of the time i let it go if one or two kids arrive late . 
  i was a bartender in the uk in country pubs on and off for about eight years . 
  it was a fun job , but i was happy to move on from it . 
  it 's physically tiring , as you 're on your feet all day/night , and my pubs always veered between wildly busy and pretty dead . 
  i liked the regulars well enough but got really sick of drunk people . 
  now i find i 've got very little patience for people who 've had too much to drink . 
  it 's a really sociable job , and i got chatted up occasionally but it was n't a constant thing . 
  you 're mostly just background noise for people who want to order . 
  i find the job depends on how good your boss is too . 
  a good boss will rotate you on a variety of shifts so you do n't always get stuck with the shit on saturday night , or the busiest tourist festival of the year . 
  i would n't give up a salaried desk job to go bartend on minimum wage , but it depends entirely on your motivation . 
  first degree : theatre production, 
  second degree : history, 
  career now : teaching history at secondary school . 
  i worked freelance for a good few years in theatre after my first degree but did the second one specifically to move into teaching . 
  yeah , i 've got a pgce too which qualifies me to teach . 
  uk schools are a little odd in that there 's now a whole variety of schools permitted and some insist on qualified teachers , but some can hire unqualified if they want . 
  hi all . 
  i currently do an adults gymnastics class twice a week and my current goal is to progress my ( quite good ) freestanding handstands to be able to hold them on the beam . 
  this involve narrowing my hand positioning so that my thumbs are aligned and fingers spread to either side rather than having them shoulder width apart . 
  naturally , i 'm struggling a bit with the balance aspect of it !, 
  other than just practicing this over and over on beam mats , which i already do at gym sessions , what other drills or exercises would help ? 
  i have looked through / r/gymnastics but hoped to get a few more answers here as this is a busier sub . 
  for reference , i 'm 28 f , 5 ' 8 '' and 71kg . 
  following on from the beards question the other day , i know that in my favourite period ( tudor and elizabethan england ) there were particular laws passed dictating the fabrics , colours and styles worn by each level of society . 
  i also know that to some extent there were appearance laws for the romans as well ( i.e. 
  only allowed to wear the colour purple depending on your status ) . 
  do these same kind of laws appear in other cultures and historical periods ? 
  specifically , what appearance laws applied to the public domain ( so , not uniform regulations ) and to what extent were they actually enforced ? 
  i know that in my favourite period ( tudor and elizabethan england ) there were particular laws passed dictating the fabrics , colours and styles worn by each level of society . 
  i also know that to some extent there were appearance laws for the romans as well ( i.e. 
  only allowed to wear the colour purple depending on your status ) . 
  do these same kind of laws appear in other cultures and historical periods ? 
  specifically , what appearance laws applied to the public domain ( so , not uniform regulations ) and to what extent were they actually enforced ? 
  i figured this fitted more in here than / r/datingadvice as it 's more about sartorial choices than the actual date . 
  i 've got a second date with a lovely bloke in a couple of days , which is dinner then cinema , then drinks , all directly after work . 
  i was thinking smart jeans , heeled boots and a loose jumper with a nice necklace . 
  it 's also apparently likely to rain , so a dress and tights is pretty much out . 
  i was more dressed up for the first date but finding it hard to pin down this one on the dressiness scale . 
  do you tend to opt more for the ` keep making a good impression ! ', 
  side or the ` lets be more casual ' side ? 
  it 's been about two weeks since the first date . 
  i show dogs competitively in the uk , and this weekend have just gained qualification for the first time with our english setter for crufts 2014 , which is the largest dog show in the world . 
  dog showing can cost a lot of money and take up a lot of time , but it 's a lot of fun !, 
  ask me anything about my dog , how to show , what you need to do or what the show world is like .
