  it automatically changes the temperature of my laptop screen in the evening so that i 'm not taking in so much blue light . 
  blue light keeps you awake , so a warmer screen helps my brain regulate when i 'm naturally tired . 
  it 's * really * good . 
  i guess 80 % comfort and sympathy , 20 % solutions or a gentle suggestion ? 
  normally when i 'm frustrated it 's because i know what 's gone wrong and i 'm irritated at myself , not because i 'm in a helpless situation . 
  `` hi , sorry but i do n't think this is going to work out and i wo n't be able to meet up any more . 
  hope you had a good holiday , take care . '', 
  you do n't need to tell him why you do n't want to meet , just that you 're not able to any more . 
  do n't feel guilty at all - as women we 're socialised to always be nice to people , but we have to also be able to stand up for ourselves and put the foot down when we 're not feeling comfortable about a situation . 
  i totally agree with you about how inappropriate he 's been by the way - the viking princess comment was fine , but the sex life discussion is wayyy too much . 
  i think there are definitely apps or some kind of phone malware that affect battery life . 
  i have a samsung galaxy tab 2 which was * dire * for battery , pretty much the same as yours is , and i got it as part of the contract deal for my s5 which is fine for battery . 
  i did a factory reset on the tab two weeks ago and it 's suddenly a thousand times better . 
  the battery lasts two or three days again , which seems crazy . 
  i have no idea what was affecting it , but there was definitely something going on in there . 
  bonus points for the person who posted a question about dealing with being ugly the other day who also had the * most * vile , bullying comments in his posting history . 
  beauty on the inside and all that jazz ? 
  i would be more than happy to see a buckynat moment or two , especially with their comic history and natashas red room flashbacks , but i feel like all of those moments are more of an open door than a breadcrumb trail , you know ? 
  if the russos , markus and mcfeely felt like the script could go that way then they have set things up to do that , but it does n't mean that they definitely * can * and * will * . 
  i did my second degree through the ou where there are lots of mature students . 
  at 28 i was often one of the youngest in my tutorial group !, 
  undergrad 1 : theatre production, 
  postgrad : teacher training, 
  current job : newly qualified teacher of history . 
  yay !, 
  you picture domestic life with her , but she does n't picture it with you . 
  she does n't want you back , and does n't want to make it work with you . 
  she 's made that very clear . 
  now you need to * listen * to her and back off , op . 
  all right , think of it this way . 
  your relationship is a house . 
  thanks to you , that house is now on fire . 
  what you want to do is the equivalent of looking at the fire , throwing a bundle of twigs on it and saying `` well it might put it out - but if it does n't , what 's the harm , it 's already on fire anyway ! '', 
  you want to do something to make * yourself * feel better , not something that will help your ex feel better . 
  you 've been doing what you want the entire way through this thing , and it 's blown up in your face . 
  it really is time to learn your lesson now and just walk away . 
  books : robin hobb 's * tawny man * trilogy had me sobbing several times . 
  my god that lady knows how to break her reader 's hearts . 
  films : saving mr banks , lilo and stitch , wall-e , up . 
  basically , screw you disney and pixar . 
  singing in the car . 
  honestly , if i 'm going to something that makes me nervous , i 'll stick on my happy playlist and sing along really loudly . 
  it always works !, 
  the superman/wonder woman hand on hips pose is great . 
  basically , the key is to make yourself bigger in some form - think of how ` manspreading ' looks and do that !, 
  i expect it was more of a shock to hear that anything else . 
  you definitely made the right decision - how were you to know that you might a ) meet him again or b ) get back together after your ons ? 
  he was just a face in the wind to you . 
  i 'd say that maybe you could have sat him down after you got together and told him , but it 's also not something that you should * have * to disclose . 
  it was a private medical procedure , and like you said , you 're in a new relationship . 
  you might well have got the same reaction from him either way . 
  this is the internet . 
  there are thousands and thousands of international members on here too . 
  america is n't the only country in the world or on reddit . 
  i do n't personalise my questions just for brits to answer . 
  americans are as perfectly capable as i am to think outside their nation box every so often . 
  a ) i said * sometimes * irritated . 
  not all the time irritated , not even mostly irritated , just * sometimes * annoyed by * other peoples * lack of consideration of the outside world, 
  b ) just because the servers are in america does n't mean the only ones who go on here are american . 
  the reddit population is international . 
  * that means * that there are * gasp * people from other countries on here and not just americans !, 
  i know it 's hard to believe , but really , it 's true . 
  c ) questions usually stay up here for at least a couple days , so they cycle through various timezones , which means not just americans are around to answer it . 
  i would like to see more questions ( especially the shopping ones ) to be just a little more open ended so us aw users from other countries also get a chance to answer it . 
  what is the big deal about asking for that ? 
  d ) even on international subs like askuk or askeurope or unitedkingdom where international redditors hang out , there will always be americans asking american-centric questions , like what our opinions are of america . 
  it just gets really , really , * really * dull . 
  logical fallacies ? 
  where ? 
  you said this was an american owned site , i agreed . 
  i also said there were plenty of other international members on here who read and answer questions throughout the day . 
  that 's all perfectly true . 
  i also added that americans often ask american-centric questions on international subreddits , which is the reverse of my request . 
  that 's also true . 
  plain old english on both sides , at least back until the 17th century and probably further still . 
  my mum 's paternal line did n't do anything or go anywhere but farms in two essex villages for around four hundred years , so i 've got nothing spicy in my ancestry . 
  just as bog standard english as they come . 
  volunteering for the national trust might be a good place to start ? 
  they often have gardening teams who you can help with and learn from , and they 'll have internal vacancies coming up all the time for paid gardeners . 
  never force yourself to have sex with anyone . 
  look , i 'm really really sorry that he 's got cancer , and that 's incredibly awful , but it does n't mean that you need to give him everything that he asks for . 
  having sex just for the sake of having sex is n't going to be fun for you , and probably not as fun for him as he 's hoping . 
  it 's also going to leave your friendship in a very weird , uncomfortable position for the last few weeks of his life , and that 's not nice for either of you . 
  i think that sounds like the most appallingly sexist , unappealing thing i have ever heard of . 
  mandy.com is a good way to find people who are looking for runners and get in touch . 
  i used it a fair bit when i initially looked at doing film and tv work . 
  qts is n't a separate piece of paperwork . 
  it 's all about demonstrating that you can meet the teaching standards through being assessed while teaching . 
  a pgce would be your best route if that 's what you want to get . 
  that would make me happiest ? 
  buy plane tickets for a cheap holiday somewhere . 
  i think it 's cute !, 
  lots of london girls wear dresses with flats or wedges , and a friend of mine prefers wearing flowery vintage dresses with doc martins , so it 's all good . 
  i actually prefer wearing my summer dresses with ballet flats anyway . 
  kevin feige is also producing and he has a personal interest in strange being well received as he 's his favourite character . 
  it 'll be fine , do n't worry . 
  definitely !, 
  the civil war final act was anything but flat . 
  lots of complaints about lack of diversity in the mcu , which has really been stepped up with luke cage , black panther , captain marvel and homecoming . 
  i think strange still has that issue with casting asian actors , but we 'll see how it goes .
