   but she still wants to keep trying to make it work, 
  that 's fine , but * you * do n't want it to work . 
  she ca n't fix both sides . 
  you need to stand up for yourself , tell her you 're breaking up with her and then * leave * . 
  you ca n't do this gently gently , it just does n't work . 
  i was helping out in a uk history classroom last year where the teacher loved her visual aids . 
  she had a lot of costumes , like a monks habit which got dressed up , stuffed with hay and posed to be the corpse of [ thomas becket ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/becket_thomas.shtml ) ( complete with little fake feet and a piece of sword ) so the kids could ` investigate ' his death . 
  she had all kinds of hats , historic army uniforms , rosaries , costume swords and armour for things like the civil war which the kids re-enacted out on one of the playing fields , wigs and some other bits like hats or jewellery . 
  anything they could touch or work with went down a storm . 
  yes . 
  maybe . 
  who knows ? 
  maybe they 're just doing it to screw with you . 
  just you . 
  no one else . 
  my stomach goes all wibbly and i have to go to the loo much more often . 
  i get all jittery too , and panic that i 've forgotten something really really important or some minor tiny crucial detail . 
  when i thought i 'd like pr i just wrote to various london pr companies asking to do a few weeks as an intern . 
  ca n't you do that ? 
  it 'll cost you less than a whole new degree , and you 'll find out whether you actually like that kind of work first . 
  i 've just finished reading robin hobb 's newest book * fools assassin * and i would definitely recommend it , but with the caveat that you really need to have read the * farseer * and * tawny man * trilogies first to really understand what 's going on . 
  i think it can stand on its own , but it 's better when you know the series history . 
  both the becket lesson and civil war lessons were for year 8s , who are mostly 12 year olds , and they had a rollicking good time . 
  10:00 am here , gmt . 
  * always * time for a cup of tea . 
  we 've converted to yorkshire tea here at the office and it 's sooooo much better than pg tips . 
  to try and get a first overall , mostly because that means i qualify for a # 9,000 teacher training bursary . 
  i 'm on track for a 2:1 , but i would like that cheeky first if i can . 
   nobody seems to want to actually say they like the look of male bodies , or i 'm imagining myself with them, 
  i like the look of male bodies , but i do n't imagine myself with them . 
  i imagine the guys having fun and enjoying themselves together , without me involved . 
  i guess there 's an element of voyeurism involved in the enjoyment of it . 
  it normally takes two or three days before i start feeling like part of the crowd . 
  it 's when i know where the teabags are , what the lunch routine is , things like that . 
  i would n't worry about being the centre of attention at all - conversely i almost feel like being the ` new kid ' means i generally get ignored more , as no one knows how to involve me in anything . 
  interns and new starters usually fade into the background for me , at least until they make themselves known . 
  i 'm 29 and still figuring it out . 
  it only clicked for me the other day that i 'm more extrovert than introvert , for example , when i realised that meeting up with my friends and spending the day talking honestly made me happier than being by myself all day long . 
  nothing in particular . 
  why would i wish a man i 'd never met would do anything at all ? 
  that it 's actually ben whishaw [ aka q ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/7d8dfadd03009f4006b433b2f8877d51/tumblr_inline_mi4s6ngp5i1qz4rgp.jpg ) playing sidney in [ layer cake ] ( http://www.hotflick.net/flicks/2004_layer_cake/fhd004lyc_ben_whishaw_001.jpg ) . 
  the east end sleaziness is just too good !, 
  several years ago i was at a birthday party on a small island where the birthday girl got raucously drunk . 
  we convinced her she 'd stripped off and run around the island naked . 
  that done , she was so drunk and got so panicked that she 'd done this that she also refused to be reassured that no , she * had n't * really stripped off and run around naked . 
  it was very meta . 
  needing comfort is occasional and situational ; family crisis , bad day at work , feeling ill , fight with a friend . 
  being clingy is seeking reassurance on all of those things constantly ; constant reassurance , constant affection all day long . 
  i just googled her as i 've never heard of her before . 
  i still do n't understand the fuss . 
  so she 's a political loudmouth and she slept with someone she should n't have - big deal . 
  loads of people do that all the time . 
  how does her cheating on her boyfriend impact on a general movement like feminism ? 
  especially , let me add , when hardly anyone seems to have heard of her anyway . 
  it 's like the most minimal of minimal impact ever . 
  surely if you were a feminist guy you would take a step back for a minute to wonder why a single woman in gaming is having her name raked through the mud by an ex boyfriend , when undoubtedly plenty of game devs/film directors/media creators/actors have slept with pr people/reviewers in the past . 
  what makes zoe quinn so special that this is such a newsworthy deal ? 
  if it was a zachary quinn who was a mens rights activist and had cheated on his girlfriend with a reviewer , would that be a big thing too ? 
  or just another day at the park ? 
  look . 
  feminism and egalitarianism are n't cults . 
  we 're not even that much of a group . 
  most of us in here are feminists to some extent , and most of the responses you 're getting in here are also something along the lines of `` who ? 
  i do n't care . '', 
  her actions do n't impact us . 
  her cheating on her boyfriend does n't have any impact on wanting equal pay , or looking for legal changes on domestic violence , or even getting nigeria to pay attention to the two hundred missing girls rather than just sweeping it under the carpet because they 're just girls , who really cares ? 
  we 're not criticising her in here because what she did * does n't matter * . 
  so she called herself a feminist . 
  big deal . 
  i can call myself a teapot . 
  it does n't mean i act like one . 
  it 's not that we 're defending her . 
  it 's just that we * do n't care * . 
  zoe quinn cheating on her boyfriend is not a big deal . 
  look . 
  you keep using things like ` doxxing ' ` streisand effect ' ` donglegate ' and all of these internet savvy terms that obviously shows you 're far more invested in hyped up internet news than most of us , so clearly you think things like this has a bigger impact . 
  i had to google all of those , and i do n't think this impacts anything or anyone . 
  i also fully believe you 're a male feminist , because you said you are . 
  yay for you . 
  self described feminists defending a self described feminist from some accusations does n't impact absolutely everything in feminism . 
  i 'm also a feminist and as far as i 'm concerned this does n't change anything . 
  it does n't affect me or my views . 
  zoe quinn is american , yeah ? 
  i 'm assuming the people defending her were generally also american . 
  does that affect the world view of america at all ? 
  she 's a gamer . 
  other gamers were defending her . 
  does that impact the gaming industry as a whole ? 
  i 'd bet probably not . 
  so why does the fact that she says she 's a feminist , and some other people talking about her are feminists affect all of the movement ? 
  as a side note , i also found the [ data on your survey ] ( http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/rdzpcqt1z8/20130428econtoplines.pdf ) and they only asked a thousand people those questions . 
  a thousand is the * minimum * amount a survey needs . 
  do you really honestly think a thousand people from the usa gives an accurate view of the state of affairs , particularly concerning a global movement like feminism ? 
  i do n't . 
  i have sub zero interest in classifying men as ` alpha ' or ` beta ' . 
  they 're meaningless terms . 
  i do n't want a guy who 's some binary aspect of ` cocky aggressive dominant man 's man ' or ` weak little spineless pansy ' . 
  i just want to date a nice person : someone who has their financial shit together , who has their own hobbies , who likes themselves as a person , likes to go out sometimes and have a laugh and is generally a nice person to be around . 
  you know , like an ordinary bloke . 
  i also do n't think it 's the case that there is a ` new woman emerging ' into anything .
