  oh god , mine is the same !, 
  when my dog henry was a puppy he used to dig up half-grown , rotting raw potatoes from the vegetable patch and eat them whole . 
  of course he would eventually throw them up somewhere on the lawn , and his breath * stank * of rotten potato for ages afterwards . 
  we ended up with about five different methods of trying to block off the vegetable patch until we either found one that worked or b ) he grew out of doing such a stupid thing . 
  he does still eat ripe tomatoes out of the greenhouse occasionally , if he thinks he can get away with it . 
  ( note : the tomato vines leave bright green marks all over his white head . 
  he can never get away with it ) . 
  i think baby showers are weird in general and not really done in my country - but i have to say , the idea of having a surprise blue or pink cake is actually really adorable !, 
  marvel is never going to go full hog on steve/bucky relationship , as much as many people would love them to , so i would just really like to see more close moments with them in future films that we can enjoy/swoon over/analyse/dissect to little bitty bits and pieces please . 
  likewise , we need more matt and foggy good bro times . 
  they 're avocados at law !, 
  you ca n't just leave them hanging - they need to be reconciled , especially as matt was getting pretty selfish in the last series , let 's be honest . 
  for friendship moments , more sam/bucky and sam/steve and sam/bucky/steve please . 
  a road trip movie in a beetle would be great . 
  i like seeing natasha trusting steve more too , and i 'm really curious to see how the friendship between bruce and thor plays out . 
  i really like [ skagen watches ] ( http://www.skagen.com/us/en/women/watches.html ) and actually got one for my last birthday . 
  they 're nice and light and very minimalist , so might well be up your girlfriends street . 
  the character development is super key for me . 
  i love how attached people are to these characters and how attached the actors are to the roles they 're playing . 
  rdj * is * iron man . 
  sebastian stan has thought extensively about what was in buckys backpack and how he feels about knowing he was the winter soldier . 
  james gunn had an alternative script for vin diesel that extensively explained every single one of groots lines . 
  scarlett johanssons favourite character to play is black widow . 
  the studios and the actors just * get * who they 're playing and it translates right through the screen for us . 
  for me , all of that makes these films just so endearing and watchable , and easy to enthuse about . 
  because it 's not necessary to shave every single day . 
  why do men grow their armpit hair out ? 
  the wifi soldier, 
  browsers assemble !, 
  the bt infinity stones ( more of a uk joke that one ), 
  `` cool ! '', 
  it seems like a good thing to me that potentially in a few months time we might have theresa may , angela merkel and hillary clinton all around those international conference tables . 
  and sure , women getting high political office still is a special occurance , but now it 's becoming much less special , in a way . 
  theresa may was confirmed as our new prime minister a few weeks ago and no one even blinked . 
  she 's the best person for the job , and a week before that nicola sturgeon was starting to look like the only competent party leader in the country . 
  i think it 's a good sign of things to come . 
  oh definitely !, 
  i love dogs . 
  any doggy date would be great for me !, 
  i googled earlier this week actually . 
  i guess i do it every couple of months , just to check that everything stays looking professional and my fb is all locked down . 
  i 've been accepted to my first teaching job , so i really need to be careful about it now !, 
  i 've never googled any of my online pennames . 
  guess i 've never really considered it !, 
  are you staying at one of your parents houses ? 
  renting accommodation in the summer holidays is quite probably going to be difficult for a group of 17 year olds . 
  i imagine most places will want you all to be at least 18 - and do n't forget , everything gets super pricey to go away in august !, 
  early booking might help you luck out , though . 
  a cottage somewhere is always good ? 
  the best thing to do for food is to do a big shop at a tescos on the first day , so you 've got lots of fruit and veggies already sitting in the fridge to raid when you 're peckish . 
  pre-buying stuff as much as possible always helps keeps costs down . 
  i 'd get together and sort out a bucket list between you for all the stuff that everyone wants to do , then figure out a rough day to day schedule . 
  spend one day shopping at bluewater/westfield , one day maybe somewhere like brighton for suntanning , one or two days doing nothing in the house , one or two days in central london ? 
  you could also look if there are any good day spas nearby that will do group deals and spend a day at a spa ? 
  for budget you 're going to need to allow for travel , lunch/dinner when you 're out , individual shopping allowances , food/drink at home . 
  you also need to work out how long this holiday is going to be - obviously if it 's for two weeks , you ca n't splurge as much as if it were five days together . 
  that 's okay !, 
  i 've got a few hen party weekends away this summer so i know a reasonable amount about group holidays and budgeting . 
  pooling money for food and buying in stuff for at least a couple of dinners/lunches is always cheaper than going out . 
  i think for my best friend 's hen it worked out as # 30 each for all of us for food and drink for a long weekend , and that was a mix of ready made pizzas , wine , vegetables and stackloads of salad stuff , crisps and dips and fruit juices , as well as covering a pub lunch out for eight . 
  i reckon staying at your friends house for a few days might be your best bet for accomodation , as even hotels usually require at least one 18 year old to be responsible for room costs . 
  give yourself a couple of nights to just sit around at home in onesies with some bottles of wine/cocktails mixers and a film on tv . 
  those are always my favourite nights when i 'm getting together with friends , and it costs zip . 
  there 's really no need to be rude . 
  op is just asking for holiday advice , and i think it 's a good thing that she 's planning so far ahead !, 
  it 's much more responsible than most 17 year olds i know . 
  god , my car is so full of rubbish right now i do n't know where to start !, 
  i * really * need to get round to giving it a clear out and a hoover sometime soon . 
  mostly i usually have the following stashed away : winter de-icer , windscreen washer fluid , microfibre cloths , a handy multi-way usb charger , my sat-nav , some t-cut ( for rubbing out scratches ) , fresh air fragrancers to swap out , my various mot/service documents . 
  combine all that with lots of wrappers and receipts , shopping bags , some paperwork i have n't removed yet , and a dog blanket in the back and that 's my car . 
  okay , there is definitely a huge chunk of the story missing here . 
  absolutely nobody bans someone from videogames the moment they lose their job , and two weeks is an incredibly short time to go from ` loving relationship ' to ` out on the street ' . 
  also , the fact that you casually say ` but i went behind her back and played anyway ' means these games were probably a bigger deal to you than you 're letting in . 
  is this your first time being unemployed , and how did you lose your job ? 
  were you two fighting already about gaming before she kicked you out ? 
  the tax is already added , so what you see is what you pay , no matter where in the country you are . 
  if something is on the shelf for 99p it 's not going to cost me # 1.18 or whatever when i get to the till . 
  mine is probably the ` so i 'm english and this is why we do things better old chaps wot wot ' spiel ( especially on the gun rights threads ) . 
  either that or pictures of my fluffy puppy for that sweet sweet karma . 
  the series does get better as the story develops and there are a couple of `` oh ! '', 
  moments that i really enjoyed where you see some of robin 's really clever links between series . 
  you also get a payoff from understanding rwc in fitz & fool . 
  i never got * that * attached to the characters though , not in the same way that i got attached to fitz or the fool . 
  how is wearing makeup asserting femininity ? 
  makeup is not inherently feminine . 
  guys wear makeup . 
  actors wear makeup . 
  tv presenters wear makeup . 
  foundation and concealer have no gender identity . 
  they just make people look good . 
  bucky barnes / the winter soldier . 
  i think bucky is such a great role model , because he just * tries * so damn hard . 
  he tries to be good and to do the right thing , even when he 's got a head full of bad shit and memories full of holes . 
  he 's incredibly loyal , and very devoted to the people he cares about . 
  i just really like seeing him try to succeed , even when everything is set against him . 
  he 's such a great character , and it absolutely does n't hurt that sebastian stan is so good at bringing bucky to life . 
  no , i do n't agree . 
  why is mac foundation feminine for women but suddenly devolves to just part of the role for men ? 
  it 's still foundation , it 's still there to cover blemishes , and saying ` makeup enhances the plot ' is total rubbish . 
  women wear minimal no-makeup makeup just like men do .
