  it 's the emotional hook of steve and bucky 's friendship in winter soldier that makes it for me , especially when you do a recap of first avenger first and * then * watch ws . 
  the way sebastian stan conveys everything that 's going through his ( rather damaged ) head after his capture by zola all the way through the helicarrier fight in ws makes the whole movie for me . 
  ws made cap my favourite character too , just because of the way their history and friendship came through on screen . 
  as long as you 're happy with that decision and the hook up was totally consensual , sure !, 
  first time sex does n't have to be hollywood candles , slow music and forever love . 
  i think half the time all of the pressure to make it end up that way just makes losing your virginity weird and unrealistic . 
   plus , the action scenes were incredible and emotionally resonant ,, 
  i 've never thought of it that way , but it 's such a good point . 
  the only one that does n't fit that mould is fury 's car chase and that 's just sheer metal brutality anyway . 
  the elevator scene was all about steve 's betrayal by rumlow and shield , the highway was all smash em up until you get to bucky 's reveal at which point everything gets so much * worse * for steve , and then the helicarriers are basically him trying not to kill his best friend whilst also getting killed by his best friend . 
  talk about emotion !, 
  they 're all so personal and raw . 
  and i will fully admit i have watched all of those scenes many multiples of times , too . 
  just because someone hash tags #truestory does not mean that it is , in fact , a true story . 
  also , if the guy willingly agreed ( and he did !, 
  to every part of that oh-so-true story ) to suck someone off to get a girlfriend back ( that he dumped ! ), 
  then he 's a bigger idiot than anyone gave him credit for . 
  i 've just come home from a bar shift where i knocked a bottle of bud over into a customer 's lap . 
  even worse , he was drunk and with a group of his rowdy mates . 
  i laughed it off , but really i just wanted the ground to swallow me whole . 
  i listen to a lot of film and tv scores , so my favourites are all that genre . 
  top of my list are, 
  * the [ kingsman soundtrack ] ( https://youtu.be/apzqwkue5jg ) . 
  god i ca n't wait until it 's out on dvd . 
  * [ winter soldier ] ( https://youtu.be/hvjgh51wr7k ) from captain america : winter soldier . 
  it 's all industrial and electronic and grinding , which is a great change from most film scores . 
  * [ awesome mix vol 2 ] ( https://youtu.be/u2rdveogmao ) , a fan compilation soundtrack for the next guardians of the galaxy . 
  there 's loads of these around , but i think this particular mix hits it spot on . 
  i do n't remember seeing the black suit daredevil snoo at all . 
  it 's adorable !, 
  robin hobb is amazing and she writes female characters who are just naturally strong and cool and capable . 
  like , oh this lady is the sword master and teaches everyone how to fight for generations , no big deal . 
  it 's so refreshing . 
  british bulldog , red letter , 40 40 ( i loved that one !, 
  ) , stuck in the mud , sardines , tag , grandmas footsteps , red rover . 
  i was at primary school until 96 . 
  aw , good times . 
  / u/neuromorph is just referring to a joke by chris pratt and james gunn during the [ guardians european press conference ] ( https://youtu.be/fkavax_gqra ) . 
  it 's actually a great clip . 
  i 'll be hiding while they play our shambolic uk entry . 
  i think the bbc just gave up caring this year . 
  well , i think this rather brilliant [ guardian article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2015/mar/07/uks-eurovision-2015-entry-we-know-we-wont-win-so-we-havent-really-bothered ) sums it up perfectly . 
   `` it 's a bad song , but the announcement was always going to be laden with anticlimax . 
  we ca n't win eurovision with promising newcomers . 
  we ca n't win with beloved heritage acts . 
  we ca n't even win by reuniting a borderline-contemporary boyband with a huge continental fanbase . 
  the message this year seems to be `` we 've tried everything and we 've failed , so here 's something that sounds like a million ragtime-era dentist drills going off in unison . 
  hope you choke on it . '', 
  oooh is it worse than [ twin twin ?? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vjkqciwp034 ) i actually quite liked that one !, 
  i 'm 30 , and though i 've been on loads and loads of dates and had plenty of high-emotion short-lived relationships , i 've only ever had one long term relationship and that was when i was 16 . 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm missing out , but mostly i feel like my twenties were just too unstable to hold any kind of relationship down , and i was always in the wrong environment to find the right guy . 
  i 'm optimistic that i 'll have better luck in my thirties for something longer lasting . 
  getting worked up about my academic essay that 's due about the same time as my final exam , and yet * still * procrastinating like crazy by going on tumblr and reddit . 
  i 'll be so glad when uni is all done . 
  i never use it , i do n't think it 's accurate or helpful , and i do n't know a single person irl who references it or even agrees with it . 
  basically it 's total tosh , and completely outdated tosh at that . 
  i just ca n't bring myself to read abo fic . 
  i just * ca n't * . 
  it 's the knotting that gets me . 
  all the spermy , spermy knotting . 
  yeugh . 
  i do n't browse / r/all . 
  i have my own front page with my favourite subs and that suits me just fine . 
  you can have a really intense crush on them , or lust for them , but i do n't think you can actually genuinely be * in love * with them , no . 
  i suppose you could be in all consuming i 'd - die-for-you love with your * idea * of that person , but not the actual human being that they are . 
  it 's not the naked photos that bother me , it 's just the hoard of incredibly unfunny jokes that slather themselves all over / r/all . 
  porn is blockable . 
  stupid puns and sexist memes are n't . 
  she should n't have hit you . 
  that 's absolutely not acceptable , and if the documentary was upsetting her she should have used her words , said `` i do n't like this '' and left the room until it was finished . 
  however , op you 're not blameless in this . 
  you knew full well it was a programme that would upset her , and you knew that bit in particular would upset her , but you deliberately aggravated the situation . 
  next time , choose your programmes with a bit more empathy for the person sitting beside you . 
  you were n't helping one little bit . 
  i 'd argue that we 'll get a lot of development of bucky , too . 
  he 's the emotional core of caps arc , and their friendship affects a lot of what cap is about . 
  i suppose it depends if he 'd picked the username because he thinks of himself as an alpha male , or as a funny , silly thing to use . 
  if it 's the former , i 'd not bother , but if it 's the latter and we got along i 'd probably give a date a go . 
  i dunno - i 'll admit i 'm picky on okc about stupid usernames like luvverboy or essexlad or whatever . 
  oh nah , once the negging comes out of the box i 'd leave him to it . 
  it 's not worth the hassle to deal with all that trp crap . 
  uh , no . 
  i have never touched another lady while in the changing rooms and i 've never ever seen it happen . 
  oh i saw it earlier on tumblr !, 
  it 's definitely doing the rounds . 
  they 're all going bankrupt by the sound of it , so i reckon they 'd actually appreciate the distraction . 
  confirm with aye that she * absolutely definitely * wants the room first and the date that she wants to move in before you say anything to bee . 
  it 's okay to say to her that you 've got bee hanging on and you need to know her answer asap . 
  you need to tie one person down to moving in before you reject the other , and aye saying she still really wants it is n't the same as her saying `` yes , i will definitely take it . '', 
  i never tip , but tipping 's not really a thing here either . 
  maybe 10 % if it was a super amazing cut ? 
  salt and vinegar , especially when it burns your tastebuds off . 
  yummm . 
  i do n't think i ever have done , no . 
  my cuts normally cost about 35 quid and i 'm pretty certain i 've never topped that up before . 
  i 'd like a bigger and more involved faq about the mcu ( one that rhymes too ? 
  with an ant-man snoo ? ), 
  we could do weekly contribution threads for it - obvious and not so obvious links between films , the best way to watch , the best comic runs that link in , easter eggs , stuff like that . 
  never say never , but i 'm generally really reluctant to buy clothes online , especially when i can easily take ten things that i love into the dressing room of a shop and have all of them look hideous the instant i put them on .
