  screw anyone else who says that 's nerdy or uncool - i 'm going to watch them/listen to them anyway , because * i * like it . 
  35-40 minutes drive . 
  i always try to leave the house by 7.30 , because if i leave it to even 7.40 the a14 traffic starts to get silly . 
  lock screen : my mum cuddling my dog on the sofa, 
  home screen : my dog with a big yellow football in his mouth looking adorable . 
  oh i 'm future you !, 
  hello !, 
  i started a whole new degree at 27 , l have just done my years teacher training and now i 'm 31 and have a full time paid teaching job at a really lovely school . 
  you 're going to be so proud of yourself when you get here . 
  massive good luck !, 
  i click much better with outgoing people . 
  such a great rec , thank you !!, 
  i wish there was more of it . 
  it 's also not acceptable here in england to treat restaurant staff like that . 
  your date was a dick and you were right to walk out on him . 
  what awful things to say !, 
  i would massively disagree with you . 
  i 'm 30s , english and middle class , and would never ever use the words retard or spastic . 
  i hate hearing anyone else say them , too . 
  they 're just so unnecessary . 
  mate , we have a full blown , fully functioning class system in place . 
  not only is everyone fully aware of it , we are constantly reinforcing it to each other . 
  the easy availability of chocolate at the end of a long day . 
  other than that , nothing . 
  there 's one lady i used to work a pub job with who only ever posts statuses moaning about her kids . 
  and not in a funny unmummy blogger kind of way either , just like a `` my kids have no sense of gratefulness '' kind of way . 
  it 's like shit , who might we possibly look at for raising them that way , then ? 
  i have one who posts gory animal slaughterhouse videos to try and sway people to the vegan lifestyle or someshit . 
  it just a ) puts me off my dinner and b ) puts me off her altogether . 
  but she 's not making a genuine mistake . 
  she 's repeatedly stealing items with deliberate intent behind it . 
  so yes , if she gets caught she could be in real trouble about it . 
  why is dabbing ( a stupid dance move ) still a thing ? 
  i 'm a teacher , and my kids are * obsessed * with throwing secret dabs at each other when they think i 'm not looking . 
  it 's driving me nuts !, 
  i know !, 
  also , it 's not a massive room . 
  them swinging their arms about like a deranged salsa artist is * not subtle * . 
  i can * see * them doing it !, 
   i would tell him to stop but this is n't some random guy , we 're close friends . 
  so be a * friend * and respect his boundaries . 
   i do jokingly grab eachothers asses and stuff like that and noone cares, 
  * he * cares . 
  he really really cares that you are doing these things to him and not stopping when he asks you to !, 
   i 'm not going to touch him again which is why i asked what other way i should do that is n't creepy, 
  nothing . 
  because everything you do towards him is creepy . 
  back off and be his * friend * and nothing else . 
  secondary school history teacher . 
  still loads of paperwork , but at least i 'm balancing it with lots of social contact and time on my feet . 
  you would have thought that after 5 years he would have thought of * some * kind of starting sentence . 
  others have written entire novels in that time !, 
  you 're 25 , it 's a long term relationship and you 're bored with vancouver . 
  i would say go . 
  london living costs are stupid , but you could always move further out and commute in , and this does n't have to be a permanent forever and ever move . 
  also , i highly doubt finance companies are going to quit the city . 
  give it a year and go home if you 're really struggling . 
  i think you may be pleasantly surprised , though . 
  also with brexit , absolutely no one knows what negotiations are going to look like , so do n't even bother trying to factor that in . 
  it 's a totally unknown quantity . 
  take the opportunity , and go to london . 
  when i had my first period ? 
  12 or 13 , i think . 
  i was on a random scout band trip to belgium of all places . 
  robin hobb does this a lot , which i really like . 
  her chief military/weapons master characters are often older women , and there 's no question about it , they just * are * . 
  it 's really refreshing !, 
  to me , without seeing further writing , that immediately feels like `` strength = strong / homemaker = weak '' . 
  maybe the sister has gained more authority in the house while big sis has been away . 
  maybe she 's the one making all the decisions for the kids and big sis has no influence at all when she gets back . 
  maybe little sis resents big sis for being pushy about being different . 
  maybe she now has more sway in their village , who all also resent big sis for going away and breaking traditions . 
  that feels much more interesting to me . 
  where does the power really lie in this place ? 
  in being trained for military strength , or by wielding soft power in a traditional scenario ? 
  just got back from work , so laying on my bed in a tailored fit teal v-neck officey dress and black tights . 
  time to unwind . 
  well , my mother has chosen to set me up with a plumber before because `` they always have money ! '', 
  we ended up having * very * different ideas over money , as it happens , and he wanted to pick me up for the date in his van . 
  mum is now no longer allowed to choose my dates . 
  most weekdays and i 'm 5 ' 8 '' . 
  it helps me feel in control when in front of those pesky secondary school teenagers with their ideas and opinions and stuff . 
  also a gryffindor pukwudgie and also not too sure about it . 
  yoghurts , and not because of the calories , because of the sugar content . 
  when one brand has 8g of sugar in the 100g pot and another has * 20g * , it makes it really hard to keep buying them . 
  they were fine when i was insured with them , but i never actually had to claim from them either . 
  for the most part , with big insurance companies it does n't matter too much whether they 're excellent at customer service , as hopefully you wo n't have to end up dealing with them beyond the basics . 
  uea offers a part time masters in education , and i was very happy doing my pgce with them . 
  the ou are also great . 
  ones without holes in work fine for me . 
  it 's a date !, 
  you 're not her personal trainer . 
  please do n't ` push her limits ' - she 's clearly already worried about looking like a sweaty , unfit mess next to you . 
  why not make it an orienteering walk instead so she can keep some of her cool and her dignity , and you can actually have a chance to spend some time with her ? 
  look op , is the bigger deal that a ) she has had different reactions in sex with someone or b ) that her ex boyfriend is sending revenge porn photos to you without her permission or consent ? 
  because i really think you 're focusing on the wrong issue here . 
  we are proud of who we are . 
  i love being english . 
  i just do n't feel the need to proclaim it through tacky tokens pinned to my wall . 
  my tag for you says you 're a londoner !,
