  the fact that you pick your ex-girlfriend to live with would be massively weird and off putting to me . 
  big no thank you . 
  i think i 'm either most drawn to blond men ( think josh holloway ) or really dark men like henry cavill . 
  uhhh if i 'm washing my hair and shaving i guess it takes me about 15 minutes . 
  i have short hair , though . 
  shower routine ( every other day ) is rinse off , shampoo , rinse off , condition , clean body , shave whatever needs shaving , exfoliate and then rinse everything off including conditioner . 
  jump out shower , wrap myself in a big fluffy towel , and go apply heat protection gel and a dab of leave in conditioner before blow drying and straightening . 
  i 've always been taught it as a celebration of a man failing to blow up parliament , and for me the fireworks are almost the most poignant bit , as i always think of them being there to mimic parliament going up in smoke . 
  in some areas of the country it 's a celebration against popery and all that good old sectarian stuff . 
  i do n't know anyone who sees guy fawkes as a good guy - i think for little kids he 's practically a panto villain with lots of booing and hissing . 
  did you know they even have a traditional inspection of the westminster cellars at midnight on november 5th ? 
  v for vendetta actually quite irritated me with the slant it took on the fifth . 
  it 's not about a tirade against capitalism - it 's reminding us how lucky we are that we even have a westminster at all . 
  i 'm on the pill to improve my acne-prone skin , and i 've been single for a while now ( other than a few dates here and there ) . 
  definitely does n't feel like a waste . 
  wellll a guy that i liked and had been on a few dates with did the quite lovely fade out on me about a month ago . 
  so i told all my friends ( who told me i was fabulous and he was a dick ) , ate chocolate , bought a new pair of jeans and got on with things . 
  jesus to me is on the same level as king arthur - nice morals , good stories but pretty much entirely mythical . 
  i was brought up vaguely church of england in the loosest term possible like most brits ; hymns in primary school and the notion that ` something ' was out there . 
  my parents sent me to sunday school for two years , but that was only to a ) get me into a good local school that required confirmation of a years church attendance and b ) get me out the house for a few hours , not for a religious education at all . 
  a few years ago i decided that since i was an adult it did n't make sense to be iffy about whether i actually believed in god or not and i should make up my mind . 
  so i read dawkins ` the god delusion ' , decided i actually was an atheist after all and got on with things . 
  i have a few friends who are quietly devoted christians and , you know , good for them , but belief in a god makes zero sense to me . 
  i do n't believe in hell or satan ( an eternal bad guy creeping around trying to invade your thoughts to do bad things ? 
  really ? 
  ) , so i also do n't believe in heaven as a counterpart , so there 's no point believing in god or jesus . 
  i would n't . 
  i 'm an atheist and if i met a deity i would assume i 'm sick and possibly hallucinating . 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't believe in ghosts or anything supernatural either . 
  i did camp america a few years ago to be a camp counsellor and my bunk was all 13 year olds . 
  i was talking to another english counsellor about where she lived in london , and one of the campers , c , piped up . 
  c : london ... that 's in france , right ? 
  me : uh ... not really . 
  the other counsellor , at this point , looked like she was going to have a fit , so i decided to try again . 
  me : c -- out of curiosity , what 's the capital of germany ? 
  so you put off asking her out , thought she 'd ` wait ' for you , and then another guy did what you were too chicken to do and asked her out . 
  and newsflash , maybe she actually * fancies * the guy who asked her out , and now she does n't want to flirt with someone else while she now has a boyfriend . 
  look , test the waters while you 're hanging out and see what 's going on , but be prepared to step back while she 's involved with someone else . 
  and for gods sake , next time you fancy someone ** ask them out before someone else does ** . 
  puppies . 
  i could spend a whole day just watching puppies run around and play . 
  they really are the biggest , most wonderful time waster in the world . 
  my favourite favourite kind of light is the soft golden glow you get some evenings while really dark clouds roll in . 
  i love that idea . 
  `` baby , can you just walk around naked for me for an hour or two while i stare at you ? 
  it 's -- for science . '', 
  the closest i 've come to telling a guy i was seeing that i wanted to have sex asap was saying `` you know , i really do n't mind coming back to yours to spend the night . '', 
  and , you know , he turned me down because he needed to be up at 5am for some fun run the next morning . 
  lame . 
  but if i had come right out and said `` look , a , i want to go back to yours and have sex right now '' and he had * still * turned me down , i would have felt * far * more rejected . 
  i 'm going to give massive blatant hints without actually coming out and asking a guy for sex , because if i vocalise it and he does n't want to go do it , i 'm going to feel like crap . 
  i do n't mind making the moves , i really do n't . 
  in fact , i do it most of the time . 
  but to me , just saying ` lets have sex ' out of the blue loses a lot of the tension and build up that something like ` come back to mine ' implies . 
  warmed , gooey chocolate fudge cake drenched in pouring cream . 
  that , and medium rare steak with thick cut chips . 
  omfg . 
  and hot pizza express dough balls with garlic butter . 
  because we were standing in a ( lit , cctved , busy ) car park saying our goodbyes after a date , and i was telling him that i wanted to drive the twenty minutes back to his house to have sex without sticking my hand down his trousers . 
  late twenties , one long term relationship in my teens ( 16-18 ) and just short term intense things and ons since then . 
  would love something long term , but apparently the men i 'm going on dates with right now do n't feel the same . 
  lots !, 
  pantomimes at christmas , which are a form of family entertainment with a grown man in drag as a dame , a girl in tights and tunic as lead boy , a comedy duo , running gags ( `` he 's behind you !, 
  '' ) , a villain lit in a green light from stage left , a good fairy character lit in pink from stage right , and a singalong with the whole audience at the end . 
  christmas also means mince pies ( sweet sugary mincemeat , not savoury ) , pulling crackers at the dinner table , turkey for dinner , iced christmas cake made from a thick fruit cake , marzipan and icing , christmas pudding with brandy butter and holly on top , the queen 's speech and three days holiday . 
  at easter everyone eats easter eggs - i gather in the states it 's just a childrens hunt for little eggs , but over here everyone eats big hollow chocolate eggs , sometimes with packets of sweets inside . 
  bonfire night on november 5th . 
  my home town also has a day of nautical events called regatta , where we have sailing races , rowing races , a greasy pole walk to get a flag without falling in the estuary , mud races , a fair and fireworks in the evening . 
  we also have country fairs , which i think are smaller versions of your state fairs . 
  and st andrews day and hogmanay in scotland !, 
  i 'm almost thirty . 
  the idea of a potential date trying a pick up line on me is hilariously sad . 
  just come and make general conversation with me , jeez . 
  it 's not that hard . 
   tl : dr : so , askwomen , do you think of male sexuality/male sexual desires as degrading or predatory ? 
  is it objectifying and immoral for men to want sex from women ? 
  is male lust evil/impure ? 
  of course not . 
  male sexuality and male desire whether heterosexual , homosexual , bixsexual , lustful or romantic is perfectly natural and more than fine . 
  sex is n't nasty or bad or an ` impure ' thing , and a man desiring someone just for being attractive is totally human . 
  however . 
  some men take it too far . 
  so do some women . 
  they go past the usual natural desires of ` attractive person ' and in to ' i must have them at all costs , no matter what they think about it ' . 
  that 's where the disrespect comes in . 
  i feel like the only time words like ` sinister ' , ` predatory ' and ` savage ' come into sexuality is where one person is pursuing someone else who ca n't or wo n't consent . 
  normal looking at someone and thinking `` they 're pretty '' is more than fine . 
  i think it 's sad that your upbringing has made you feel like a natural desire for romance and intimacy is something disrespectful and abusive . 
  you 're not a priest , you 're a man . 
  of course you 're going to find others attractive - there 's nothing wrong with that at all . 
  when was the last time you had a holiday ? 
  a real , relaxing , time for yourself holiday that 's not just a weekend trip somewhere . 
  to me , it sounds like you 've had a lot of drastic life changes in a short time ( new town , new place , new job , new learning skills ) and more than anything you just need some down time to get some real sleep and get back to yourself . 
  i 'd say maybe rather than doing another drastic change and breaking up with both your partners ( thereby perhaps losing more support when it sounds like you really need it ) , book two weeks off and just go somewhere . 
  anywhere that 's not where you are at the moment . 
  take time off work , take time off of study , just go * relax * and give yourself some breathing space . 
  then if you 're still overwhelmed by responsibilities when you get back , have another look at your relationships . 
  but personally , i 'd suggest it 's more work and less play that 's really eating away at you , and not the desire to be footless and fancy free . 
  he 's trying to blame you for the bad things he did and make himself feel less guilty . 
  look at his actual actions rather than his words ; he tells you he wants to be with you , and loves you , but then leaves with another guy .
