  i 'm a sceptical atheist ( i do n't believe in ghosts , psychics , mediums or anything ` otherwordly ' of any sort ) , pro-lgbt , pro - europe ( kind of an important opinion right now in the uk ) and anti - gun . 
  i use swear words as fillers occasionally too , but constant swearing is unattractive in general . 
  just be more aware of what you 're saying and who you 're saying it to , and try to self correct at least some of it . 
  * kiss kiss bang bang * . 
  it never fails to make me laugh . 
  i grabbed * guardians of the galaxy * yesterday when it came out on dvd , and i love that movie to death too . 
  smaller portions , and eat more slowly . 
  you 'll feel fuller faster , so you wo n't eat as much . 
  i used to hate heels ( i 'm 5 ' 8 '' ) but now i 've got some well made shoes i really like them . 
  i 'm wearing black heeled boots at the moment and they 're the comfiest things . 
  i still prefer flats most of the time , but when i 'm going on a night out or wearing particular dresses then i stick on heels . 
  they give me confidence , and i admit i love the sound of them when you 're walking along . 
  i think ` polite ' is very different from ` stuffy ' , and we 're not a particularly stuffy nation . 
  actually , we like taking the mick out of each other and never being too serious about anything , more than standing on formality . 
  i suspect our use of language also makes the difference as we do n't have formal words or grammar , like the french have ` vous ' and ` tu ' , so there 's less need to be particular about the terms we use with each other . 
  knocked about # 500 off my credit card balance when discussing it with my mum . 
  it 's just easier that way . 
  i do n't . 
  i swoon in front of my mirror every morning . 
  i 've taken to strategically placing a pillow on the side i statistically swoon onto most , so i have a better chance of a soft landing . 
  do n't want to damage the face , you know . 
  i go on muscle memory , so if i take your order near the heineken pump ( or whatever ) , i 'll bring the drink back to the heineken pump automatically . 
  it 's thrown me off several times before when i 've done that and the customer has moved somewhere else , so i 've given a fresh drink to someone totally different . 
  as far as tills go , i log in on one , type the order in and then leave that till live until i cash it off , so switching tills is actually twice as awkward . 
  just stay put !, 
  lilo and stitch makes me cry like a little girl every single time it gets to the duckling scene , but goddamn i love that film so much . 
  yeah , when i went to uni . 
  it was just ... the ability to go out , find someone i liked and bring them back to mine was fun . 
  it was pretty much just in my second and third year of uni when i was in an actual flat with flatmates living like an adult , the first year out of uni and then again when i was working abroad . 
  there was n't any real event that ended it . 
  i just got tired of casual stuff and decided to save sex for an actual relationship with emotions and feelings and attachments and stuff . 
  it makes for some long gaps between action , but i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm also totally fine with my number and the guys i hooked up with . 
  it was just a thing i did , no big deal . 
  i blow on my dog 's nose . 
  it drives him * nuts * , but it 's hilarious . 
  go down to the pharmacist and grab yourself two packs of sanitary towels ; one for day , one for night . 
  you can figure out tampons/cups later . 
  get used to the fact that one week a month is probably going to be significantly messier for a while . 
  you * can not * apply your standards to everyone else in the world in the same way that other people should not expect you to act exactly as they think you should . 
  how would you feel if your fiancee said she was repulsed by the fact that you 'd never had no strings sex ? 
  that she hated it about you , and that she could n't stop thinking about it ? 
  how would it honestly make you feel about * her * , too ? 
  if you 're engaged to this person , you should be * supportive * of them , not admitting that you feel repulsed by their actions before they even met you . 
  she had a bad relationship , she went looking for a rebound . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's no big deal , and you are damaging this relationship by making it something huge . 
  you need to grow up and get over this , because at some point your ` repulsive , disgusting , cheap ' fiancee is going to get sick of it , too . 
  i work in telecom sales , so i encourage businesses to buy telephone systems , lines , calls and broadband from my company . 
  i 'm also going through applications to become a secondary school history teacher right now , so that 's what i hope to end up doing eventually . 
  i do n't . 
  i like little texts saying `` hello , how 's your thursday ? 
  '' , or maybe a picture of cute puppies every now and again . 
  anyone who sends me stuff for shock value will be politely told to stop doing that , and then not so nicely told to fuck off if they carry on . 
  nice bright chilly days , where you need to wear a jumper and scarf , and a mug of hot chocolate / cup of tea is the first thing you think of when you get home . 
  the sky always looks so blue on those days , too . 
  she was 18 , was depressed , felt worthless , had just come out of an abusive relationship and wanted some validation ( all op 's words ) . 
  give the girl some slack . 
  it 's not the classiest act in the world , but it 's at least a little bit understandable . 
  she also did n't * have * to tell op all the details of when , where and why . 
  if op was saying `` my fiancee had given one guy a blowjob one time before we got together '' and left it at that , we would * all * be saying ` get over yourself ' instead of saying ` well , that was pretty skanky of her , was n't it ? ', 
  when you say ` always ' , do you mean ` all the fucking time throughout the whole day ' or ` likes getting cuddles at some point every day during relaxation time ' ? 
  the latter is fine by me , the former would drive me up the wall . 
  depends if the girlfriend thinks it 's cheating . 
  different people have different boundaries . 
  personally i go by the rule of ` it does n't matter where you get your appetite as long as you eat at home ' , but plenty of other people might think flirting is not cool in any form . 
  never be afraid to ask for help . 
  if an object is too heavy to pick up , you 'd ask for an extra hand . 
  treat life the same way . 
  i mean , all those are pretty america-centric , but i 'd agree with most of it . 
  i think technology is much more important to our generation than any before us for obvious reasons , and i think that 's only going to increase with future generations who are building their whole lives around portable , accessible technological information . 
  the fact that the government here in the uk wants to bring courses in coding into the national curriculum is quite exciting , even though i can see a time when a future child wants me to help them with their coding homework and i 'll have to be like `` i have no idea what you 're even talking about here '' , just like my mum is now . 
  i also find it interesting how our generation places less emphasis on having one stable job with one company , and climbing the ladder by getting a wide variety of experience across different places . 
  people are much more open about switching careers and less attached to just one employer , which is a big shift from my parent 's generation . 
  my dad went into an apprenticeship at age 16 in telecoms and is still in that industry now at age 59 . 
  my mum jumped from marketing to social work at about age 45 , but that was a huge life changing leap for her , whereas going from theatre into pr , to sales , to teaching is really not a big deal for me . 
  my passion is history , and it 's always been there . 
  it was probably encouraged by my parents and nanna taking me to museums so much , but i 've always loved anything historical . 
  apparently i refused to do a detention in my first year of secondary school because history club was on at lunchtime and that was far more interesting . 
  uh , no , you 're not rude . 
  this guy is a selfish dick . 
  who actually has the nerve to ask someone elses wife to be their taxi service for shopping and someone elses medication ?!, 
  i 'm offended on your behalf , op . 
  ousba is the ou financial branch and they handle all of the payments and direct debits . 
  you can find their website [ here ] ( https://www.ousba.co.uk/ousbastudentnb/faq.action?parent=3#a ) . 
  from their faq 's :, 
   ** can payments be made by someone else ? 
   we can accept payment from another person as long as they know the amount and the personal identification number is included . 
   we can not discuss the agreement or the amounts due with another person without your written permission . 
   ** can i set up a direct debit from a third party account ? 
   we are able to set up a direct debit from someone else 's account . 
   please contact the ousba office for further information . 
  i 'd give them a call on monday , but it sounds like it 's perfectly doable . 
  not really . 
  i 've always done my own thing in my own style , especially where career and romantic relationships are concerned , but i 've never done it in an active ` i 'm doing it for this important reason ' way , just in more of a ` this feels right for me ' kind of way . 
  i 've not got enough energy to be radically dissenting at anything lately . 
  i do , because i absolutely can not stand my hair looking frizzy or with little sticky out bits that i always get if it dries naturally . 
  it bugs me * constantly * . 
  i want sleek hair , and the only way i get sleek hair is by drying it in sections after i wash it . 
  i feel vastly happier taking that time to do it properly rather than rush it .
