  there are n't any written regulations for handler dress codes , but you 're right that it 's something that 's just become standardised across the board . 
  open shows , which are the starting rung on the ladder , are much more casual with jeans being pretty common , but as you go up into the championship shows it 's expected that you 'll be a bit smarter with more officey-wear . 
  i think it 's just a psychological `` i 'll look smart so my dog looks smart '' thing , but it 's not necessary . 
  there were a few handlers at the bath show in jeans and big worn fleeces . 
  the only real advice i get about my clothes is to wear something that contrasts with the dog , and to keep wearing the same thing until my face gets more known in the show scene . 
  for instance , as henry 's a white dog i need to wear black or navy so he stands out against me . 
  if i wore white trousers , it might look like he has six legs . 
  ( and thank you !, 
  he is quite a handsome boy is n't he ? ), 
  find a local ringcraft class near to you , which teaches you the basics of showing the dog - how to stand or stack them , how to move them , what you 're expected to do in the ring . 
  my class is only # 1.50 for 45 minutes once a week , but it 's taught me so much . 
  the most important thing is to stay calm and confident . 
  if you 're nervous , the dog will know and potentially play you up more , which will make you even * more * nervous . 
  i 've had henry refuse to stand for me and jump up at me before , but just have to keep your cool , take a deep breath and do what you need to do . 
  the judge is n't in a rush and those few extra seconds you take to calm your nerves and settle the dog are so crucial . 
  best of luck !, 
  the politics are one of the most frustrating parts , definitely . 
  i 've got a spreadsheet of judges who have placed us and likely ones to place us so i know who 's worth entering under and who is n't . 
  other judges in my breed also only place setters with certain colouring ( blues not oranges , dark dogs not light ones ) which is really annoying when you show well on the day and then get overlooked because of that . 
   what do you think of the practice of bulldog owners tickling their dogs ' balls to make them look thoughtful ? 
  that 's a thing . 
  is it really ?? 
  probably one reason why i do n't own a bulldog to be honest . 
  mostly the stereotypes i know of are just that toy breed owners tend to be prissy , and everything i 've seen at shows just reinforces it - i 've seen owners pushing pomeranians around in covered pink pushchairs !, 
  i 've also been surprised at the number of snappy labradors that i 've met or seen at the shows - some of them have been quite aggressive which really shocked me . 
  i actually did see one lab owner kick his dog * in the ring * because it was misbehaving . 
  i do n't like them . 
  i use positive reinforcement when i train henry and he is incredibly quick to pick things up when there 's a treat in the balance . 
  all of the footage i 've seen of cesar milan shows me a man who frightens and intimidates dogs into getting what he wants , and then he acts all shocked and surprised when he gets bitten . 
  we 're not afraid to discipline henry when he 's playing up , but whenever he does something right ( i.e. 
  he 's stolen something but then given it back to us ) he gets praised for it . 
  i did n't , but if it 's a us story that would be why - i 'm uk based . 
  i believe the us does far more surgical procedures and alterations on dogs than we do , but i do n't have any statistics to back that up . 
  you work out if you 're potentially attracted to them by their photos and profile , then message a bit to see if you 're on the same wavelength , then progress to meeting in person on a date and go from there . 
  mostly i date men i 've met online though i 've met one or two through friends . 
  i quite like them being one step removed from my social circle , to be honest . 
  just to clarify , are you saying that the breeder abducted or killed bertie 's littermates for some reason ? 
  just because the dogs looked similar does n't mean they would also be crufts winning dogs - they might have different skeleton development , different coats , different teeth , different movement . 
  we compete henry against his litter brother in a lot of classes and they 're two quite different dogs . 
  i think it 's a bit of a leap to say the breeder somehow eliminated her dog 's family competition , especially * after * bertie won crufts . 
  i know that dog theft is a huge problem , especially for show-winning dogs . 
  there was a show champion german pointer called angel who was stolen early last year and just a few weeks ago i was talking to another exhibitor who said she saw people attempt to abduct their gordon setter right out of their garden . 
  show winning dogs are valuable breeding dogs , and valuable breeding dogs mean money . 
  that is awful . 
  :( i have n't personally heard any stories like that from the show world , but i 'm not surprised that other breeders became resentful of one 's success . 
  when i got my mattress i shopped around loads and went and laid on about a hundred different mattresses in all sorts of different shops to see what i liked best . 
  i ended up getting a pocket spring small double mattress with ( i think ) a lambswool top for # 350 from a local independent bed shop and absolutely love it . 
  do n't be afraid to test , test , test , and do a full spreadeagle lie-down when you try them , it does n't much help to be all british and embarrassed and sort of sit on it for two seconds each time . 
  fully lie down on it , in the position you normally sleep in and see how comfortable it really is . 
  i like sweet roses like zinfandel best , but my number one favourite wine when i ever find it is a white rioja . 
  delicious . 
  10 and i 'm fine with it . 
  it could be higher if i wanted , seeing as i 'm being deliberately celibate until i find a new relationship , but i 'm not much fussed what number i 'm on . 
  a lot of the time women default to clothes like big sweatshirts and baggy t-shirts because they do n't know * how * to dress and where to even start . 
  they think covering up things helps to hide them , when in fact the best way to draw attention away from something you want to hide ( big boobs ) is by dressing it in a flattering way , like v-necks and emphasising other areas like loooooong legs . 
  i love love love watching [ gok wan ] ( http://www.gokwan.com/ ) episodes like fashion fix and how to look good naked , which are all on youtube and [ 4od ] ( http://www.channel4.com/programmes/goks-fashion-fix/4od ) , and he gives such good women-friendly advice on how to dress and helping ladies get their confidence back through their clothes . 
  he 's a uk presenter who does wardrobe makeovers while also giving great general advice on dressing for your shape . 
  hopefully a few of those episodes might help give her good ideas on what to look for when she shops ? 
  it varies . 
  i 'm 28 and still at home , but i have two jobs , i 'm working on a second degree and have multiple hobbies that keep me out the house . 
  i 'm probably only home two nights a week . 
  i pay rent and do household chores , and me living at home enabled us all to get another dog which would n't have been possible otherwise . 
  i 've cleared my credit card debt , my credit rating has gone from ` poor ' to ` good ' in one year and i have a little bit to spend after paying my bills . 
  i physically would n't able to do any of that if i had n't come home . 
  i 'm definitely a typical ` boomerang ' generation child , since i 've lived away from home multiple times and had to come back when i changed career . 
  i know lots of people who 've done that ; gone away for uni and then needed to go back . 
  of course i 'm desperate to be out on my own and independent again , but this works right now . 
  it works really , really well and my parents are happy for me to be around until i 'm stable to move out and be out permanently . 
  i also do n't think it helps to have a set definite ` cut off ' age of no return , especially right now when there 's so little money about . 
  some people can move straight out and be comfortable from day dot and that 's brilliant . 
  others move out and struggle every single day for money just to be independent . 
  others need to take longer to get set up . 
  as long as you 've always got the * intention * of being out some day and are working towards it by whatever method , i think that 's fine . 
  ambiguous society deadlines do n't really help anyone . 
  i do n't like to date guys more than a year younger than me and i 'll probably go up to 9 or 10 years older . 
  the younger side is more of a dealbreaker for me , as my brother is two years younger than me and it just feels excessively skeevey to date guys younger than he is . 
  it 's also the honorific we use to address the queen , so it just does n't really work for general conversation . 
  i 've never ever used it . 
  i think the only address i do use is sir , otherwise they 're always sorry . 
  `` excuse me , sorry , do you know where the nearest atm is ? '', 
  ( this is britain . 
  i ordered myself a leotard for an adults gymnastics competition i have on sunday , and it 's reallllly pretty . 
  i got paid !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm practising as much as i can , so fingers crossed . 
  i 'm only an hour out from london ( colchester area ) so i think our weather pain is the same !, 
  and thank you !, 
  i 'm sure it will be a fun thing to do , no matter what happens . 
  i never use wipes and it never hurts to take off my makeup . 
  i use cleansing cream on cotton wool pads and it 's a lovely soothing sensation that feels really cool and nice on my skin . 
  basically , make up is fun to put on and feels good to wear , and is nice to take off again . 
  i would argue that in a professional setting if you 're dressing in smart clothes , good shoes and wearing your hair nicely to impress , you also need some makeup to complete the look . 
  you do n't * need * it , but it 's all about the impression you 're giving off . 
  makeup smooths your face , hides variance in colour , fills in dips like pores and raised bumps like acne scars . 
  you do n't need foundation to be visible - in fact most women try very hard to blend it in as much as possible so it looks like your natural skin , just * better * . 
  for a sense of professionalism , it 's exactly like putting on a smart suit to meet an important client . 
  it gives you confidence and makes you feel the part . 
  make up is exactly the same , it just happens to go on your face . 
  also , like people keep saying , it 's fun to put on !, 
  i like brushing my foundation on and making my eyes pop with eyeliner .
