  you 're growing and changing , whereas she is staying static . 
  it 's okay to realise that this relationship does n't give you what you need anymore , and it 's okay to be selfish about that . 
  do n't keep her as an albatross around your neck because you 're frightened she ca n't stand on her own two feet . 
  she 's twenty years old now - standing up for yourself and not relying on a boyfriend to carry you through life is * exactly * what she needs to do . 
  they would , but that 's how we grow as people . 
  you 'll both have lots of strife as you grow up and it 's not all going to be plain sailing . 
  sometimes we do n't always get what we want , and sometimes we have to make what we want happen . 
  she 's not going to crumple into a heap and die , op . 
  do your grandparents know * why * you fought and what your parents have been doing ? 
  show a united front and go and talk to them . 
  keep them in the loop . 
  hopefully they will see what an awful thing your parents have been doing and will back you up in the future . 
  keep your united front , go to your parents and explain to them that you will no longer be competing for anything , and everything is going to be split fairly . 
  keep calm . 
  be adults about it . 
  if they 're still dicks about the whole thing , it 's their loss , not yours . 
  i would n't apologise to them , because i think you 're totally in the right . 
  they did an awful thing to the both of you - why they want you to be competitors rather than allies , i have no idea . 
  you 're much better off working together . 
  my dad 's started teaching me golf , and i went to the driving range by myself for the first time !, 
  and i hit the balls properly !, 
  it was quite satisfying , really . 
  i really have no idea why you 're holding your breath !, 
  take today as a rest day and practice breathing . 
  walk around your house or up and down your street doing breathing in for a count of three and out for a count of three . 
  once you can do that at a slow walk , make it a fast walk and * keep breathing * . 
  you just need to make breathing a habit , and you absolutely definitely should not be holding your breath !, 
  i love the ou !, 
  i did my history degree with them and graduated last year . 
  it 's a tough , tough time but it 's all going to be worth it when you walk across that stage . 
  make sure you go to your tutorials and any day schools !, 
  are you doing it full time or part time ? 
  full time and i worked full time too . 
  it 's totally doable in year 1 , you might well struggle with workload in year 2 and * really * difficult in year 3 , especially doing two modules at once , but it * is * doable . 
  i joined fb groups for each of the modules i was doing , and it really kept me sane . 
  i 'd steer clear of the ou forums though - some people in there can be a bit hoity toity , whereas the fb groups felt more normal , you know ? 
  most other ou students thought i was totally insane when i told them i was full time !, 
  i worked for my dad , so i had a very understanding boss when i needed to bring assignments in to the office or revise for exams . 
  massive good luck !, 
  have you also done research into just how expensive london is ? 
  you might be rather surprised by the size of house you 'll be looking at if you choose to move to hounslow or barnet . 
  out of curiosity , are there any other uk cities you 've looked at or considered ? 
  what makes london your first choice over anywhere else ? 
  as a not-american , i think she looks like a very capable politician with the networking know-how to get things done if she gets into office . 
  i think you 'd end up having a good spokesperson on the international stage , and someone who can work and negotiate effectively at home . 
  and i 'm sure if you 'd whipped a dildo out in the middle of sex and put it into his ass , he 'd be totally cool with that too ? 
  he consented to sex after all , right ? 
  get rid of this idiot . 
  he has * no * idea about consent , and you 're never going to feel completely safe having sex with him again . 
  its also the busiest , most crowded and most expensive city in britain by a country mile . 
  not to mention , life in london is really not very typical of britain at all . 
  mostly people move there in their early twenties and move out again in their thirties to get a better family life . 
  you 're kind of doing this backwards . 
  for family life you 'd be better off looking a bit further north . 
  you do n't even have to go far from the capital !, 
  norwich , cambridge , oxford , york and bristol are all lovely , and you 'll get just as much culture in birmingham , manchester , newcastle and edinburgh as you will in london for half the price tag . 
  honestly , if you 're serious about this move i would recommend that you book a holiday for a week or two , come back over here and visit some different cities . 
  really get to know us as a country and decide what works for you . 
  i think just picking london because it 's ` the best ' is doing you all a massive disservice . 
  a large earl grey tea and a cinnamon iced bun . 
  the tea may be hot chocolate in the winter . 
  i find what really helps is working out where in the day i 've got the most energy . 
  i 'm terrible about getting up early , but i normally still have a lot of energy after work to burn off , so i arrange to do my workouts when i get home , or fix up social time straight after work rather than just on weekends , or even just plough away with chores as soon as i 'm home . 
  others work best in the morning and can get a bunch of stuff done before they even head out to the office , or some people cram it into their lunch hour . 
  figure out your natural energy reserves during the day and work around that . 
  i was either 12 or 13 for my first kiss . 
  it was at a friends birthday party , i was wearing a purple crushed velvet dress , he was a friend of the birthday girl and our mutual friends encouraged us to dance together . 
  we had a bit of a smooch on the dance floor , and i remember being completely over the moon when my dad drove me home afterwards . 
  very sweet , if i do say so myself . 
  some can be , but it 's not exactly a universal magnet . 
  his family issues are not your problem . 
  repeat ad nauseum if you like , because that is the key thing that he needs to get through his skull . 
  you have got a flat . 
  it 's a nice place , your landlords are absent people who you pay rent to and occasionally fix stuff , and that is * it * . 
  it sucks that his family is dealing with legal stuff , but that is * not * your problem . 
  what if the dispute was settled tomorrow ? 
  would the flat somehow then become permissible for you to live in ? 
  he 's being ridiculous , and i ca n't believe he 's thirty five years old . 
  tell him that he needs to get over himself and deal with it , rather than stressing himself out so much that he goes to hospital . 
  you are not being unreasonable . 
  he is . 
  right now ? 
  probably daredevil . 
  i could rewatch sooo many episodes and not get bored . 
  also love only connect , masterchef , mastermind and university challenge . 
  and the great british bakeoff , of course !, 
  sunday night viewing is also antiques roadshow for me , and i love gogglebox . 
  you would n't think that watching a show about other people watching tv is great , but it 's brilliant !, 
  she 's saying one thing and doing another , and to be honest i would trust her actions more than her words . 
  refusing to go on birth control , insisting you do n't have a vasectomy , saying you may change your mind about having a child - these are not the usual actions of a childfree person . 
  overly specific questions, 
  repeat questions that have been asked in the last day or two . 
  just scroll back a few pages or do a quick search first !, 
  [ serious ] / serious answers only pls, 
  heteronormative questions . 
  i 'm straight and it massively irritates me to see questions asking about ` what do you think guys / what does your bf do / how do you like guys who ' , so it must * seriously * piss off our various lgbt posters . 
  america-focused questions * sort * of irritate me , but i 'll normally reply with my international pov anyway . 
  for me it 's all about the environment i create to sleep in . 
  my bedroom has to be kept cool and inviting , and i do n't tend to use it for just hanging around in during the daytime , because then i 'm associating it with not-sleeping activities . 
  i 've also found that [ f.lux ] ( https://justgetflux.com/ ) is a godsend .
