   i do n't even like sports or videogames , what kind of male am i ? 
  the kind that does n't like sports or videogames ? 
  so what ? 
  you 're do n't have to be cookie cutter ` male ' for someone to like you . 
  go find a hobby you * do * like and people will love that part about you . 
  one date two years ago ? 
  mate , seriously , get yourself out there a bit more !, 
  one funny picnic every 24 months is n't going to cut the mustard if you want to find someone . 
  i 'm not saying arrange five a week or anything , but even just one a month or one every other month will help you meet so many cool people . 
   i 'm actually making an ok cupid thingie majigger , i just hate trying to market myself , i feel kinda cheesy doing it . 
  i know , it * is * weird , but everyone else on there feels the same , trust me . 
  have a gander at / r/okcupid - they 're really nice over there and can give you some good pointers . 
  best of luck !, 
  sort of . 
  you do n't swipe the card , you hold it in the machine while it reads the little chip that looks like the one you get on a sim card . 
  i think hobb has said fa is set after rwc , so i 'm hazarding a guess that there 's stuff in there you probably * do * need to have a vague awareness of . 
  i 'm sure there will be some kind of catch-up post somewhere about the events prior to fa , though . 
  how far through rwc are you ? 
  my mum reads the daily mail , which infuriates me because it 's so * awful * and constantly demonises her profession ( social worker ) . 
  i guess she reads it more out of habit than anything , but still !, 
  it 's such an awful paper . 
  also , i love my dad , but when he 's moving somewhere you need to get out of his way , otherwise he will physically barge you aside to get what he wants . 
  it drives me round the bend . 
  also also , my mums nagging about my love life . 
  i 'm aware i 'm 29 and single , mother , but did you really need to get on my back about texting a date back * one hour * after you got back from a two week trip to florida ? 
  seriously ? 
  during the week and before the summer holidays start . 
  if it 's a dreary or even drizzly day , even better . 
  alton towers do have an app you can use to see queue length , and we asked the staff as we went around about the best order to hit up rides in . 
  they gave us great advice about the smiler , so do use their knowledge as you go . 
  if you love good characters , you ca n't get better than robin hobbs * farseer * trilogy , starting with * assassins apprentice * . 
  by the end of the books , hobb makes you feel like fitz and the fool are old friends who you 've known for years and years . 
  for architecture , history and food try edinburgh . 
  it 's a city of two halves , with the old town and new town in very different styles , is full of history and has some amazing restaurants to sample . 
  sunday roast with all the trimmings ( roasties , yorkshire puddings , cauliflower cheese , breaded parsnips , carrots ) and apple crumble with cream . 
  yum !, 
  not in the slightest . 
  16 was the right age for me . 
  do n't regret a thing . 
  oh sure . 
  my first proper boyfriend was just the biggest idiot you ever met . 
  he was into all of this matrixy pretentious anarchist crap - the big black coat , the boots , everything , and me being 16 i just swooned all over it . 
  sooooo embarrassing . 
  i cringe now when i think about it . 
  tony . 
  sure he can be a narcissistic twit , but at least he knows how to have fun . 
  oh god it 's coming back to me now . 
  he did n't dye his hair but he totally did the ripped shirt-safety pin thing !, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  no and never . 
  why on earth would an image of a disembodied penis incite me to go on an actual * date * with someone ? 
  it 's a bit greedy on petrol , but it had a great mileage when i bought it , it 's comfortable and easy to drive . 
  i bought it because it was big enough to fit my dog comfortably as i drive him to a lot of places . 
  i 'm in the uk so it 's a manual rather than an automatic . 
  my dream car would be a mazda mx-5 . 
  they 're so beautiful and so fun to drive !, 
  i love zipping down windy country roads in a mazda , roof down and radio blaring . 
  so much fun . 
  if you 're short of time for re-reads then you definitely need to read tawny man ahead of this , a ) because it 's fantastic and b ) because a * lot * happens , character-wise , to develop on from farseer . 
  there are major character changes and introductions in tm that you 'll need to know about to know where fitz is at this point . 
  if you 've got a bit more time , then liveships is good to read before tawny man as there are a few important wider world things that link in to the series and a few easter eggs that get developed in tm . 
  rain wild chronicles is fun too and makes the world bigger again , but i suspect tawny man is the real ` must read ' before fa . 
  probably not . 
  amount of partners does n't particularly matter to me , and i do n't really ask the ` number ' question anyway . 
  if it turns out he 's had a hundred partners or so i might get a bit wary , but i ca n't see why i 'd be put off by it . 
  i would be put off if he had paid for sex , though . 
  i do n't like the idea of sex being viewed as a purely commercial transaction without any mutual attraction behind it . 
   so you fucked a lot of people when you were 19-22 . 
  big fucking deal , you 're 30 now and that was 10 years ago . 
  exactly !, 
  people always talk about ` having fun ' in your twenties and seeing different people , but why does this then translate into ` big numbers are bad ' ? 
  i had my fun with all sorts of different partners in my early twenties , but now i 'm almost thirty and i 'm * far * more selective in who i want to sleep with , and i 've had far bigger gaps of celibacy . 
  should my early twenties then count against me as a potential girlfriend ? 
  it 's so stupid . 
  to be perfectly honest , you 'd offend someone * more * by letting them think you want something more than sex and then further down the line clarifying what 's going on . 
  it 's really better to be straight up from the word go . 
  if we could make the link more obvious to / r/iwantout for those hopeful immigrants too , that would be great . 
  look . 
  you are not so super special and amazing that she will descend into a total pit of despair after three weeks . 
  her problems have been around * far * longer than you have . 
  she has problems but she is also a grown woman who can cope with the ending of a three week old relationship . 
  extract yourself from her kindly , but be straightforward . 
  you 've loved spending time with her , but the relationship is n't working out and you think you 'd both be better off meeting other people . 
  good luck , all the best , etc etc. 
  delete number , take off facebook , do n't look back . 
  as someone who did exactly that at uni and in my first few years of adult work - i just got bored having unfulfilling sexual relationships . 
  i did it for fun , and because i could , and because i was single , and then i got bored of it so i stopped . 
  now i only have sex with people i think a potential relationship could come out of , and i had something like a four year gap of celibacy . 
  it 's no big deal - i just grew up , is all . 
  if anyone asks a favour or invitation of you , do you feel awkward and compelled to accept no matter what else you might possibly be doing ? 
  do you * always * say yes , or are you okay saying no to things you do n't always want to do ? 
  i have confidence in the fact that my friends and potential dates are grown adults and have the ability to say `` no '' at any time . 
  i also pick appropriate times where possible , and if i 'm inviting a friend out i give them a casual out of the situation . 
  my invitation is normally phrased something like `` just wondered if you were free to hang out this evening , i 'm doing xyz at abc . 
  let me know ! '', 
  then if they 're not free , no big deal , they can use that as an excuse . 
  or if they are free and do n't want to do my offer for whatever reason , right down to being lazy in their pjs for the whole night , they can just say `` sorry darling , i 'm not going anywhere tonight '' and that is totally fine . 
  so , basically , chill . 
  stop worrying . 
  i 'm sure your friends are adults and do n't feel compelled to say yes to every single invite you offer .
