  go talk to your manager and tell them what you 've just told us . 
  a mixture of following my heart ( cheesy , i know ) and doing what i really liked , and trying jobs that i * thought * i would like , but which just emphasised what was important to me . 
  for instance , a few years ago i tried interning in pr because i 've got experience in the entertainment industry , i 'm good at sales , and i love talking to people , so i thought i would be good at pr , which combined all of that . 
  it turned out that i * was * good at it , but i * hated * the way my work did n't make any difference to anyone . 
  like , who really gave a shit whether this dvd review appeared in the sun on friday ? 
  it did n't affect anyone 's life in any way at all . 
  the point is , doing that not only helped me figure out what i wanted to do , but the fact that i needed a job that makes a difference . 
  sometimes you have to do stuff that 's really wrong for you to figure out what is really right . 
  out of school i went to uni and trained as a theatre lighting technician and did that freelance for about five years until i burnt out on it from the stupid hours and lack of money . 
  now i 'm doing a new degree in history and applying to go and be a teacher . 
  i 'm almost thirty and poor as fuck , but i 've got zero regrets . 
  followed my instincts , did some amazing stuff , travelled the world to work and loved it . 
  tomato and basil . 
  i 'm a girl with simple tastes . 
  ugh , the boob-hanging is so annoying !, 
  i went on a day trip for my best friend 's birthday and in all of the facebook photos of me i look * huge * just because i wore a thick , loose jumper . 
  i 've just started c25k as my brother and cousins have challenged me to join them for a 10k charity run in london in february , and i 've never properly run before in my life . 
  / r/c25k is my new friend !, 
  i use an app that just sets out a really simple running routine for half an hour three times a week , and i get to play my own music through it too . 
  i 'm going to have to join in with dionysius on that wine and theatre shiznit . 
  i 'll also be godly making tom hiddleston to be orestes in some of my drunken theatre shenanigans , please and thank you . 
  i think i 'm actually getting more relaxed as i get older ( and i was pretty laid back to start ) . 
  it 's easier to just let stuff roll off my back . 
  i deal with what matters to me , i sort shit out when it goes wrong , and i do n't worry too much about things that do n't really affect me . 
  i do . 
  i feel some media ( the guardian , the independent , the bbc to * some * extent ) portrays female role models well , but others ( the daily mail , the sun ) does a shocking job . 
  the daily mail recently did a double page spread on new female mps promoted into cabinet jobs - except it was all about how they were dressed and how sexy or frumpy they were . 
  it was so patronising , i could have screamed . 
  get some dry shampoo !, 
  the number of times that stuff has saved my proverbial bacon . 
  i love batiste in particular . 
  also , if you really * really * ca n't be bothered to wash your hair or you 're in a rush to get out the door , just having a clean fringe is all you need to get away with it for another day . 
  either give it a really quick wash , or spray some dry shampoo on , shove the rest of it into a bun/ponytail/clip it back and you 're good to go . 
  [ black heart by stooshe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgbkkzwzuqo ) , especially as the lyrics include `` daddy i fallen for a monster /, 
  somehow he 's scaring me to death /, 
  he 's big and he 's bad /, 
  i love him like mad / mumma he 's the best i ever had . '', 
  i know . 
  aggravating is n't the word . 
  you 're lucky . 
  it got to the top 3 in the chart here in the uk . 
  it was on the radio * endlessly * . 
  i do n't think americans are more or less mature than twenty-somethings in any other country . 
  i 've worked with several americans who are exactly the same as my friends and i on the mature stakes . 
  you lot have also got more pressure to be out of the family nest at 18 than most other countries , and obviously living independently makes a lot of difference in people . 
  you do notice some big culture differences as far as stuff like sex and drinking goes , though . 
  like everything , i think it 's fine in moderation . 
  i coveted a brown leather jacket for about a month which i went out and bought on the weekend ( and it 's * beautiful * ) , but now i recognise i ca n't buy anything else for several weeks as all my bills have just come out too . 
  as long as i do n't go crazy on the credit card to get the heeled ankle boots i really really want ( need ) or the perfect dress for the family wedding i have on new years eve , i do n't think daydreaming about cute stuff really hurt anyone . 
  i passed an academic test at 11 and went to one of the best schools in the country here in the uk . 
  i totally did n't take advantage of the amazing education i was given - i did well , but i really did n't push myself as much as i was able . 
  i wish i had done now . 
  you 're way overthinking this . 
  much like reddit is n't a general example of humanity , we 're not a general example of all women . 
  how dull would our answers be if we * were * all a borg collective , anyway ? 
  doubtful . 
  i 'll date a year younger than me , but no more than two , because otherwise i 'll be going out with guys who are younger than my little brother and that 's just * weird * . 
  with my oldest best friend , it 's effortless to be around her . 
  i do n't have to worry about what i do or say or look like , because she loves me no matter what . 
  actually , she complained to me once that she wished i was at work with her , because no one understood her sense of humour like i did !, 
  i loved that . 
  we just send each other little `` happy wednesday ! '', 
  or `` oooh it 's raining '' messages every so often to keep in touch . 
  nothing serious , just silly little stuff just to say hi . 
  she 's super , super ridiculously smart but she 's * so * down to earth and daft too . 
  with my other best friend , she 's just the sweetest , kindest person in the world . 
  she 's always thinking of other people , and would never hurt a fly . 
  it 's my best friend 's birthday dinner on friday !, 
  we live two hours apart , so i 'm really excited about getting to see her again . 
  you do n't get to claim the whole year 's worth of attention * just * because you 're getting married . 
  she wants to do august , you want to do november , there 's no overlap , and you want to elope anyway !, 
  stop being so petty . 
  argh , thank you . 
  i knew mediation was n't quite right !, 
  around half of the songs in my itunes come under the genre ` soundtrack ' , so pretty much anything from a film score . 
  right now it 's ` living death ' from harry potter and the half blood prince , i had chitty chitty bang bang a moment ago , and stuff from the thor : the dark world ost . 
  lots of random orchestral stuff . 
  i used to work backstage in theatres . 
  now i do sales for the family telecoms company , and i 'm also applying to go into history teaching next year . 
  only if they keep bugging me once i 've said no . 
  lemon drizzle cake . 
  i make a * fabulous * lemon drizzle cake , with gooey icing and everything . 
  i even won a prize with it at a baking contest with it during the summer !, 
  oh god , i ca n't imagine ever listening to my little brother having sex , especially not over repeated nights . 
  that 's just * so * skeevy . 
  and then n has to see c in the morning and know her little brother fucked her !, 
  just - ugh . 
  go to your flat , op . 
  seriously . 
  spare your poor sister some sanity here . 
   i really feel like what i 'm getting out of it totally worth it to me , and it 's not something i 'm going to let go of any time soon . 
  learn to get some fucking empathy here , jesus . 
  it 's not all about what works for you . 
  crackers are n't really branded . 
  you might go `` oooh , m&s crackers , are n't you the posh one ? '', 
  but most people are just as likely to pick up a box from sainsburys or tesco when they do their weekly shop . 
  if you pay a little bit more you get a slightly better present inside , but like almost everything else in life , us brits like our crackers just a little bit rubbish . 
  theatre 's the sort of profession that you really have to * love * if you want to make it work , just because it 's so unreliable and such hard work . 
  it 's really really physical , and the hours can be ridiculous - i did lots of 10.30 pm starts and 3am finishes to do get outs ( taking sets and lighting rigs apart after shows end ) , which kind of cuts into your social life just a little bit !, 
  the people are amazing , but i found it was very much the sort of thing i could do while i was young and fancy free , but not when i needed more stability , unless i tried to get a production manager or technical manager position .
