  like you said , brian knows every single fucked up thing fred did to you . 
  he 's not your therapist , but you offloaded on him anyway , he now knows what a piece of shit this guy is and he loved and cared about you regardless . 
  and then you go away for , what , a week ? 
  and in that week , every single thing you told brian ceased to exist . 
  fred is no longer the horrible , awful person you needed to avoid and wanted to recover from ; he 's now someone who you have a special bond with and want to become close to all over again . 
  i do n't blame brian for leaving , because that is some grade a manipulation tactics from fred , and he 's reeled you right back in . 
  brian ca n't tell you who you should spend time with , but he * is * right about you choosing fred over your relationship . 
  it was the wrong choice , and he * was * right about walking away . 
  why , and how is fred your friend ? 
  a friend * cares * about you . 
  fred proved over and over again that he does n't care ; that he will happily manipulate you , force you into situations that you do n't want , and cut you off from family and friends . 
  a friend is not just someone that you share films and music interests with - i have hundreds of friends on reddit alone if we 're using that criteria !, 
  you were with fred for * five years * . 
  you jumped back into a new relationship after one month . 
  if you can look at fred after nine months , when he manipulated you for five years and say `` oh , he 's actually a good guy !, 
  '' , then you are * not * over it . 
  and if you 're looking at fred and saying `` well , he 's not a * good * guy '' , then why should he be your friend ? 
  edit : r/relationships , can we * not * downvote the op ( the abuse victim ! ), 
  when she 's asking genuine questions that she needs a genuine answer to ? 
  an english setter puppy . 
  they are so naughty and so cute !, 
  i think if you brought it up to him again , he 'd be likely to say `` what do you know about drinking , you 're only 17 blah blah blah '' , and i do n't honestly think you 'd have much luck or leverage to change his mind . 
  in this case , bringing it up to your parents is really going to be the only option where anything is going to change , and he is going to have a chance at staying the good kid you believe he is . 
  he needs that scare that they 're going to give him in order to stop him risking anyone else 's life . 
  i usually have english breakfast teas in the morning , earl grey or darjeeling in the afternoon , and then lapsang souchong is my extra special tea treat . 
  i love that smoky goodness , especially when its leaf tea and not just a bag . 
  i tend not to stray far from twinings tea - maybe the occasional teapig pack if i 'm feeling flash with cash . 
  morning tea is your bog standard yorkshire tea or typhoo . 
  pg tips does weird things to my stomach - i think they must have too much tannin in or something . 
  mine are all text . 
  it 's the locations i got them in that mean more to me than the actual writing actually - i got my first tattoo in oklahoma , my second in edinburgh and my third in mexico . 
  the marvel fandom is a bit hit or miss when it comes sexism . 
  on one hand , natasha romanoff ( black widow ) and wanda maximoff ( scarlet witch ) are huge fan favourites and there are a lot of calls for a solo black widow movie , more female leads , and more time for maria hill who is generally seen as cool and capable . 
  fandom * loves * peggy carter , daisy johnson/skye and melinda may , too . 
  on the other hand , most fans as a whole seem to either ignore or outright despise all of the other existing female characters . 
  pepper potts is one of my favourite people , but mostly she gets ignored because gwyneth paltrow . 
  the less said about the treatment of jane foster and darcy lewis the better . 
  jane is a theoretical physicist with a canonical nomination for a nobel prize , but most fans just do n't seem to like her at all . 
  darcy lewis is mostly treated like the fandom bicycle and exists to be paired up with a bunch of male superheros and not do much of her own accord . 
  i think i 've seen maybe two fic writers actually do darcy justice , and she * could * be really cool and capable in the right hands . 
  it 's like fandom cant make up its mind what it wants . 
  drives me nuts . 
  totally agree with you !, 
  i 'm not a massive darcy or ian or selvig fan either , but there 's abig difference between going `` they have n't written these characters well at all , they 're not very likeable '' and `` this one is so annoying and blank , i 'm going to ship her with everything because she 's basically the kooky manic pixie dream girl of fandom . '', 
  and ugh , i wish i could read good loki fic , but i 've generally hated every characterisation of him so far . 
  the only darcy fic i ever seem to enjoy are ones where she 's friends with bucky barnes and is the comedy foil to his brainwashed-assassin-staring-into-space gig . 
  i think that 's definitely it , except i would actually imagine darcy as being * hard * to write because she 's acted in the films with lots of fast paced comedy chatter going on . 
  it 's very odd . 
  you ca n't have it both ways op . 
  you ca n't say `` i want my life to change and to get out '' on one hand , and then say `` i want the way i 'm living to stay exactly the same '' on the other hand . 
  change your expectations a bit - no , you ca n't live in a full serve hotel room , but you could live in a good apartment in a city that has cheap travel connections so you can keep up the travelling part of your lifestyle . 
  if you want things to change , you 're going to have to make some hard choices . 
  no one is going to come and drag you out of there - * you * have to do it yourself . 
  dorothy perkins nude court shoes . 
  they 're so comfortable , and go with pretty much everything in my wardrobe . 
  no , both of those are illegal here ( uk ) and it seems a bit over the top to mace someone who might just be coming up to me to ask the time . 
  you ca n't carry anything to deliberately use as a defensive measure - not knives , no mace , no can of deodorant specifically meant to be used to spray someone . 
  i guess i do n't protect myself really - i do n't feel the need . 
  bourne supremacy , mission impossible : ghost protocol , layer cake , casino royale , captain america : winter soldier . 
  i * love * action films . 
  the more explosions the better !, 
  i can never really remember my dreams , but i did wake up from one last night and thought `` oh , i know exactly where that dream came from . '', 
  it 's a bit weird , being able to pinpoint exactly where you know your subconscious had collected stuff from to show you later on . 
  you 've got nothing to apologise for . 
  you offered to make plans with them while you were in the same area , and your dad did n't plan ahead . 
  it 's not your fault that he demanded that you meet them half an hour before when you already had plans . 
  you were perfectly adult about the situation , and he 's the one throwing the tantrum . 
  plus , you 're living with them right now - it 's not like they never get to see you !, 
  i 'd let him cool off for a day , then go and speak to your mum about it rather than try to resolve anything directly with your dad . 
  just chat to her about the weekend , share stories , and ask her how things went . 
  by the sounds of it , your mum is being as rational as you are , and hopefully she 'll talk to your dad and calm him down . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i 'm that friend , and i think i 'm fucking awesome . 
  i 'm also smart , kind , hard working , laid-back and a long term singleton who does n't give a shit whether men pay attention to my cup size or not , because i ca n't do anything about them . 
  i also think your question is incredibly rude , but i 'll give you slack , seeing as it 's the school holidays and you 're probably bored silly . 
  i 'm not certain about physical film footage , but in the last few years there have been several thousand period newsreels and cuts of unedited film footage released onto youtube for the general public to watch . 
  the biggest two that i 'm aware of are british movietone , which has a playlist about hiroshima and nagasaki [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plyuzufl6ugr9e8dmfmrdzbs1ftkqd-6o8 ) and british pathe , which has a playlist called [ the things that go boom !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/britishpathe/playlists?shelf_id=33&amp;sort=dd&amp;view=50 ) and is , predictably , about bomb deployment . 
  at my last check , british movietone have 500,000 videos and reels , spanning from 1895 - 1986 , and british pathe have around 85,000 videos , so there 's a fair amount to choose from !, 
  the unis are normally pretty good about putting their requirements for international students on their websites , so have a hunt around . 
  [ here 's the birmingham page ] ( http://www.birmingham.ac.uk/international/students/country/usa/index.aspx ) for us students . 
  [ newcastle 's us students page ] ( http://www.ncl.ac.uk/international/country/northamerica/usa/ ), 
  [ swansea 's us students page ] ( http://www.swansea.ac.uk/international/students/your-country/north-america/america/ ) ( but their website seems to have gone a bit tits up ? ), 
  [ sussex 's us students page ] ( http://www.sussex.ac.uk/international/prospective/yourcountry/us/admissions ), 
  i 'm not sure if you mean you 're already finishing one degree and want to do another , or if you 're just finishing high school and want to do a degree - here college means 16-18 education , and i 'm not sure what the equivalent of an associates degree is . 
  postgrad requirements might be a bit different for international students than undergrad , but admissions are always helpful people , so just give the unis a call . 
  and just remember that university is * always * university over here , never school . 
  school is where we go until we 're 16 , then sixth form ( or college ) and then university . 
  first of all , it was n't the dogs fault , and it does n't mean that they 're violent , or cruel or wrong - it 's in the nature of many breeds to hunt prey , and that 's a really deep impulse in their genes . 
  it 's not something that you can control , in the same way that loads of cats bring back birds/mice/voles for their owners . 
  secondly , you 'd already fixed a known gap in your fence and thought it was secure . 
  this was something that you had tried to avoid , and it 's not really something that you could have predicted . 
  * maybe * you could have kept a better eye on them to see what they were doing while they were digging all evening , but dogs are sneaky animals - god knows we could n't stop our english setter from digging holes and escaping to our neighbours twice when he was a puppy until we put a whole new concrete base under the fence !, 
  i would do the best you can for your neighbours - go over and apologise in person . 
  write a sincere card to say how sorry you are . 
  you do n't need to do grand gestures , but you * do * need to face them in person . 
  always stay with your dogs in your garden now and make sure they do n't try to dig out again , or put them on a long lead if they 're going outside so they can wander but they ca n't physically escape . 
  this was n't malicious , or deliberate or planned . 
  it was an accident , and it was animal nature . 
  apologise , be sincere , make sure it ca n't happen again .
