  i think it 's kind of a circular reasoning loop thing ? 
  i have lots of different friends in seperate social networks across the country ( and internationally ) , so for me it 's not that one person likes me , it 's that multiple unconnected people all like me , so there must be things to like , you know ? 
  i think about that , and then i think `` well yeah , i guess that 's because i can make them laugh and we have really good conversations . '', 
  so i reflect their thoughts about me back on myself , which makes me feel good about who i am in a self-loving kind of way . 
  does that make sense ? 
  i do n't doubt that her nose is feeling a bit put of of joint by having her tasks given to a new coworker , but you do n't exactly make yourself sound like the easiest person to get along with , either . 
  you ` declared war ' on her ? 
  you ` are way more experienced with and better at this job than her ' ? 
  you ` made some time to help her with stuff ? ', 
  you are * new * here , not her . 
  maybe you know the job , but i bet she knows the company book better than you do . 
  it kind of sounds like you 're trying to pull rank over her as much as she 's wrangling with you . 
  who 's the boss of who here ? 
  are you colleagues working the same job , or is one of you in a superior job role ? 
  i 'm sure that in real life her comments are cattier than a reddit post can make them sound and there 's a lot we 're not hearing . 
  however , from here it * really * sounds like you need to take a step back and look at how you 're responding to people that you have to work with every single day . 
  if it is that bad , go to hr or a senior boss to clarify or discuss your job roles and whether you 're stepping on each others toes . 
  right now it just sounds like you 're stomping all over each other . 
  you need to do what * you * want with your life , not what she wants you to do . 
  if you 've got a way to get sound experience and get paid for it , great !, 
  take full advantage of it . 
  i think by the sound of it , the only way you can reassure her is by proving to her that you 've got a plan in place and you 're making money from it , but you 're at the age when you 're both going to be changing a lot and making all of your future plans . 
  she should be supporting you in your choices , not trying to bring you down . 
  as someone who used to work in theatre , i can also tell you that the whole industry is all about who you know , not what you know . 
  you need to get as much experience as possible and network , network , network . 
  offer to help out as a runner or assistant with the people you work with at church or at local concert venues , and pitch in as much as you can . 
  ask questions . 
  be proactive . 
  lift the heavy equipment around and help take it all down again . 
  more work * will * start coming in once people know who you are and how keen you are to learn on the job . 
  best of luck !, 
  it can be , depending on what you 're doing . 
  i used to work in an industry with a * lot * of manual labour during unsociable hours . 
  i always pitched in to the best of my ability every time that i worked , but on days that i was tired or sore i did n't have to worry so much about hauling that big piece of scenery in or out of the back of the van , because one of the other male get in/get out crew would say `` oh , you get that other bit , i 've got this . '', 
  fine by me . 
  and a line of dialogue from either rocket or quill when he 's in the dark aster saying something like `` the city 's been evacuated but we 're getting our asses kicked . '', 
  it can be . 
  i was reaaaallly stressed in november and december , so my period just did n't turn up at all until a few days ago , even though it 's normally clockwork . 
  i 'd get it checked out if it vanished for more than a month or two , though . 
  i repeat outfits all the time , though i try not to wear something exactly the same twice in one week . 
  dresses are so easy to change around , too - get yourself a couple of different cardigans and blazers , a few scarfs of different colours , and some different types of shoes . 
  one particular dress looks completely different on me depending on whether i wear a simple necklace and heels with it , or flat equestrian boots , a scarf and gilet . 
  just mix things up , get some few key pieces and you 'll be fine . 
  oh , definitely daniel craig . 
  i know they all look good in suits , but he looks gooooooood . 
   people will judge another person based on hygiene almost immediately . 
  yeah , they judge them if they get up close and there 's a wafting lingering scent of bo hanging around . 
  they do n't judge based on whether you 've got a french manicure this week or not . 
  edit : well , maybe * you * might ... 
  because i just do n't care . 
  i care about my hair , my skin , my makeup , my clothes and my shoes . 
  i do not have time in my life to give a crap about how tidy my nails are looking . 
  they are just one more thing that i 'll get around to occasionally , and that 's about it . 
  oh my god , i * love * agent carter . 
  she 's so cool . 
  also , hayley atwell is amazing . 
  well yeah , i 'm going to notice the big obvious stuff like visible dandruff because it 's * obvious * . 
  i do n't notice whether shirts are properly ironed , unless the creases are blatant - like , a big fold in the middle of the chest blatant . 
  i have never , ever ever ever noticed frayed cuffs on * anyone * , and i would have no * idea * how a rolex is supposed to tick . 
  i have elasticated skirt waists , and fuck anyone who sneers at me for them , because it 's a hobbs skirt and that is not a bargain basement shop . 
  can you , in all honesty , say that you really notice all of that little stuff every single time you meet someone ? 
  ticking hands on watches ? 
  really ? 
  you genuinely monitor that ? 
  what sort of books are we talking about here ? 
  harry potter , or spot the dog ? 
  i have no problems with ya fiction at all - a lot of it can be very insightful and well written . 
  if you 're 25 and reading the hungry caterpillar , well ... i think we may not have much to talk about . 
  they 're a sociable couple , and they like hosting dinner parties for friends - there 's two other neighbour couples that they rotate dinner nights with , and my mum has a couple of other separate friends that she goes to see on her own every so often . 
  my dad is treasurer to a local golf society , and plays golf most weekends or does society events a couple of times a year with them . 
  most weekends they spend together at home , but they 've always got something booked in the diary that they 're attending or hosting . 
  tooooootally cheesy , but i followed my heart . 
  i went to an academically selective school , and ended up helping loads on school theatre productions . 
  i even painted the front of the whole stage , by myself , in my lunchtimes . 
  i was a total theatre geek , but i * loved * it . 
  i ca n't even tell you how much i loved it . 
  so when everyone else was writing their personal statements for cambridge or oxford to do english and science , i just thought `` i want to carry on with theatre . '', 
  so i did . 
  i went to a dinky little drama school to do theatre production as a degree , and ended up freelancing in it for five years afterwards until i fell out of love with it . 
  now i 'm retraining to follow my other passion , history teaching . 
  i 've got sod all money to my name , but i 've never regretted it . 
  listen - art and the arts industry will never make you rich , but it is * so * much easier to get up in the morning ( or afternoon , depending on the job ... ) and go to the studio , or the theatre , or the shoot for the industry you love than to drag yourself into an office for a well-paid job that you hate . 
  you have to have a back up plan , because you * will * get to a point where you think `` i 'd quite like some money for holidays and a mortgage now '' , but that can be later on . 
  you do n't have to pick one thing now and stick with it forever and ever , amen . 
  so just , you know , follow your heart . 
  look into what you can do with your skills , what industry is connected to it , and find out how to get into it . 
  art teacher might be difficult , but what about prop maker ? 
  scenic artist ? 
  cinematographer ? 
  gallery curator ? 
  think * bigger * than just ` i 'd like to put paint on a canvas ' . 
  you 'll find something , you just need to look . 
  massive good luck !, 
  i never have black tea , only milky tea , and yes , i 'll have a mug quite often about 10pm or sometimes take one up to bed with me . 
  it 's more about having a hot drink for comfort than about getting a caffeine hit . 
  i 'm pretty sure mel and sue are only average at cooking , but by the looks of it they 're * great * at eating . 
  we never really take ourselves too seriously with presenters , except when you 're looking at more ` professional ' things like masterchef , and even then greg wallace is in there to lighten the tension sometimes with a comment about chocolate or alcohol . 
  having two comics in there just keeps the tone light , which appeals to a lot of british audiences . 
  i know our sense of humour is pretty famous , but it 's really true that a lot of british conversation is about gentle mocking , and mel and sue are great at poking fun at things . 
  with the paddock , i think gbbo riffs a lot off of the wi , or women 's institute , which is an organisation for rural middle aged/elderly women who do a lot of cake baking and floral arranging , and have baking sales with lots of amazing cakes .
