  it 's sad , really . 
  she sounds exactly the same as me , and i have really high self esteem . 
  we 're about the same age , give a year or two and have the same number of partners , the same-ish history , and i love gushing over pictures of hot shirtless actors . 
  i just know what i like , is all , and i really reject the idea that sex is only rewarding when you 've had a low partner count or have ` waited ' for someone . 
  i do n't regret a single one of the partners i have had or any of the choices that i have made , because they were all consensual , fun and safe . 
  your parents were conservative about sex . 
  so are you . 
  that 's fine . 
  that does n't mean that you are any more correct about sex than she is , or that your view is somehow more ` right ' . 
  she 's taking things slowly with you to build trust and intimacy . 
  she does n't push boundaries with other people or cheat . 
  she 's an adult and is making her own adult choices about her sexual partners . 
  if you ca n't deal with that , or can only deal with that by pushing your own ideas about insecurities and self esteem onto her , then it 's time for you to go . 
  i hope this trilogy ( can we think of it as a trilogy ? ), 
  is more lotr than the hobbit . 
   and then when we did , our dogs were surprisingly way more aggressive with it than they 've ever been with another dog . 
  my vet mentioned he sees it somewhat frequently in littermates , almost as the opposite of littermate syndrome . 
  my dog henry is exactly the same way with his litterbrother ben . 
  they do n't see each other very often , maybe once every six months at dog shows but they * hate * each other . 
  henry 's normally a pretty mild , well socialised dog , but when he meets ben there 's always growling and a * lot * of posturing going on from both of them . 
  sorry , mate . 
  did n't mean to wind you up so much . 
  i would put it inbetween those pairs , just because guardians and cap 2 are my very favourite two films . 
  aou is a lot of fun , it 's really well made and very comicbooky , it had a couple of scenes i 'm not so sold on , but i 'm looking forward to rewatching it . 
  i 've never had a problem , but i went to an all-girls school , so i was all about relating to other girls and women . 
  i think we 're generally really easy to talk to !, 
  # 49 is ridiculously expensive !, 
  i got my s5 last year when it was only just released and got a # 35/m contract with ee with a free tablet thrown in . 
  when did you sign up for it ? 
  have you got a cooling down period on your contract ? 
  i enjoy tumblr and my blog over there is mostly a marvel one ( [ red-room-romanoff ] ( http://red-room-romanoff.tumblr.com ) for anyone who 's curious ) , but i have to tune out a lot of the protest vote kind of stuff . 
  tumblr people are generally lovely , but there are a lot of very delicate sensibilities who rant about stuff that you just do n't * care * about once you hit thirty . 
  i also find the endless popularity stuff really draining - like , i really do n't care that you hit 10,000 followers today and that you 're doing a competition to find more followers . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  i just like looking at photos of scarlett johansson and chris evans . 
  being on tumblr also kind of makes me miss livejournal , as tumblr can feel a lot like an echo room sometimes . 
  at least with lj you always felt like there was someone to talk to , but tumblr feels much more like a solo enterprise . 
  i do really love it though , and i love getting to see all the funny gifsets of these cool promo interview snippets that i would never have noticed unless i watched every single aou promo video . 
  it 's fun !, 
  try adding tumblr saviour as an extension and then blocking ` nsfw ' tags to try and avoid some of the porn . 
  it does n't copy through to other devices , so i can browse those posts at home , but have less of a worry at work . 
  uh , no . 
  i cross my legs because it 's comfortable , not to get my rocks off while i 'm drinking my starbucks signature hot chocolate . 
  the article was written because a * couple * of women can do that , not because all of us do it . 
  i think it 's a stupid advert anyway , but the worst thing is the company response to the criticism . 
  instead of putting their hands up and saying `` you know , we can see why it 's got that kind of reponse , it was n't our intention '' , they 've tweeted stuff like ( [ in this bbc report ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-ouch-32497580 ) ) `` we are a nation of sympathisers for fatties '' . 
  which , seriously ? 
  you 're going to go down that pr route ? 
  it just really got my back up that they 're so holier-than-thou about the whole thing . 
  in what way did they handle the controversy ? 
  all i can see is protein world saying `` well we think everyone criticising it is fat anyway . '', 
  that 's not handling it . 
  that 's making things worse . 
  oh yes , definitely . 
  i love episode 10 for all of those reasons , but i especially love the lines where matt says `` this city needs me '' and foggy tells him `` maybe , but all i ever needed was my friend . '', 
  i do n't think twenty of matt 's talks with the priest could have affected him just as much as that one talk did . 
  you really saw it hit him how much foggy cared , and how much * he * cared that foggy cared . 
  i think ` universally ' is an incredibly hard concept to apply when you 're talking about a world population of 7 billion . 
  it ca n't be possible that someone is found repulsive by three and a half billion women and even if you narrow it down into separate countries you 're still talking massive numbers . 
  maybe i 'm an optimist , but i think ( unless you have massive deformities or something ) everyone is attractive to someone somewhere . 
   not literally . 
  go watch maury and you 'll see people who are maybe a 2/10 on the hotness scale , with numerous other 2/10 people fighting over them . 
  hah , i know right ?? 
  a few weeks ago i saw jeremy kyle ( it was n't on purpose , i swear ) who had this ugly as fuck geezer on there . 
  he was crowing about having twenty babies with twenty different women , and i was like fuck me , how did twenty or more women actively want to sleep with this guy ? 
  he was revolting !, 
  because i wished and wished and wished * really * hard , and then poof !, 
  i was a real bo ... no , wait . 
  it does tell that that post is tagged nsfw and has been blocked though , and also tells you the other tags that are attached , so you can just click on it and open it up if you think it 's okay . 
  it 's useful that it does n't vanish completely . 
  not at the moment , but i 'll be doing teacher training this autumn , so i 'll probably change it to first name/middle name instead of first name/surname to avoid any potential issues . 
  yes , i wear it every day . 
  i would probably only really stop if i became a hermit or moved to the wilderness or something . 
  i like putting it on . 
  oooooh tricky question . 
  yellow !, 
   but how does she not feel like she is deceiving someone ?? 
  because she 's not decieving anyone . 
  do dresses cut with a v-neck or with a high collar disguise when someone has a bust or a flat chest ? 
  do spanx decieve you as to whether a girl has a tummy or not ? 
  are tailored suits deceptive because they make your shoulders look broader/waist look smaller ? 
  there 's no * deception * involved at all . 
  also , calling her makeup shallow is n't helping your case . 
  i wear makeup because my skin is n't very good and it helps me look better . 
  it clearly helps your girlfriend feel more confident when she 's out in the world , too . 
  if she 's starting to run up massive credit card bills and get herself into debt over makeup , sure . 
  then it 's a problem . 
  if she can afford it without putting the rent or weekly shop in trouble , drop it and stop being so holier-than-thou over it all . 
  it 's just makeup . 
  it helps her look good . 
  she enjoys it . 
  who 's she really hurting here ? 
  yeah , i 'm one of those girls , and do you know why ? 
  because my skin is * shit * . 
  i 'm thirty years old and i still have spots , redness and massive pores . 
  i 'm on medication for it , but concealer and foundation helps me look awake , professional and put together when i 'm in public . 
  there is * nothing wrong * with that , and acting like makeup is some big james bond scale plot is just stupid . 
   you can make someone very unattractive look attractive, 
  and ? 
  is that a problem ?
