  the man has the audience eating out the palm of his hand . 
  it 's fabulous . 
  i do . 
  i think women should be as treated equally with men , therefore i am a feminist . 
  yup . 
  i worked out once , about three years ago , exactly how to hold my face in photos so i looked good , but i 've forgotten it again and now i mostly look like a munter . 
  thick woolly pyjama socks and a pair of ugg-style boots that are just for indoor use . 
  passions : english setters . 
  gorgeous , wonderful dogs that everyone should know about . 
  history , specifically the tudor and roman periods . 
  books : the harry potter series , the assassins quest and tawny man trilogies by robin hobb , watching the english by kate fox , the other boleyn girl by philippa gregory . 
  movies : inception . 
  the 2005 pride and prejudice with keira knightly and matthew mcfayden . 
  gladiator . 
  pirates of the caribbean . 
  music : not entirely sure . 
  maybe barbarian horde from the gladiator soundtrack and something classical . 
  meals : an enormous sunday dinner with roast lamb , yorkshire puddings , and all the trimmings . 
  and apple crumble to finish . 
  discussions would include countries everyone has visited and where they 'd like to go , and how it 's totally cool to love disneyworld even in your mid-twenties . 
  getting a regular hair cut so that i have a tidy shape does wonders for my a ) face b ) hair condition and c ) self esteem . 
  i just had a little trim of my fringe and the back of my bob on saturday to tidy everything up and define the shape of my hair again and it 's made so much difference to the way i look . 
  i use benefit 's lemon aid . 
  it 's a miracle worker for eyelids and under eyes and lasts . 
  for . 
  years . 
  love that stuff . 
  same here . 
  i can dip in , read a few blog articles about 22 hour shut ins to stop some crazy law , roll my eyes and switch it off again . 
  i mean , the tories are pretty bad , but at least they 're not batshit insane . 
  because they go well with that cute skirt and boots ? 
  well surely you 're just disproving his point straight away . 
  you 're wearing red lipstick because you like it , and you 're not trying to attract him . 
  the [ swedish film board ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/nov/06/swedish-cinemas-bechdel-test-films-gender-bias ) ? 
  to add to this , if they even suspect on entry that you might try and apply for work ( cvs/id documents in your suitcase etc ) then the uk border agency can refuse you entry and put you on the next flight home . 
  you 'd be better off posting this over at / r/iwantout . 
  most people on this sub are born brits , so we do n't know huge amounts about visas . 
  swishy skirts . 
  i love twirling in a poodle skirt , it makes me feel so girly . 
  bonus points for cute heels , bonus bonus points for petticoats underneath . 
  for christmas and birthdays i tend to ask for things i would really like , but i would n't normally treat myself to . 
  so i know that for my main presents i 'm getting, 
  a [ smart new coat like this ] ( http://www.cousinsofcheltenham.co.uk/products/627/windsor-dk-mintchoc.html ) to wear for important dog shows, 
  vouchers for a massage/treatment at a nearby spa . 
  everything else will just be a pleasant surprise !, 
  queen margaret university , edinburgh, 
  pros - amazing city , campus right in the city centre , knowledgeable tutors , all vocational so could make great contacts for work , able to get amazing accommodation for years 2 & 3 , the fringe . 
  cons - my course no longer exists , my campus no longer exists , higher departments of the university did n't give a toss about us , student union was crap , winter + lack of money for gas meter in the flat + single glazed windows meant we were collllddddd for three months of the year . 
  on occasions , yeah . 
  i mostly took a truckle bed or a sofa if i was staying over someones , but sometimes there just was n't one and i would kip with them in the same bed . 
  harry potter is always a good call - you get really into it , but generally it 's light reading . 
  or brandon sanderson 's * mistborn * trilogy is a great time devourer . 
   you 've got a boyfriend who you 've effectively trained via crying wolf . 
  i think this sums it up perfectly . 
  op , if you 're going to scream and cry at little things like spiders on a tree or a tv movie , then of course he 's going to ignore you . 
  you 're making huge big deals about things * all the time * and then acting surprised that he 's ignoring the fact that you make huge big deals about things . 
  maybe take a leaf out of his book and calm down about things , and * then * he 'll notice when you 're actually really upset about something and react appropriately . 
  baths are a treat for me as i have them so rarely - probably one every three or four months . 
  showers i have daily . 
  so i guess generally i prefer the shower as it 's quick and i 'm instantly clean , and baths i prefer if i want to indulge myself . 
   attraction can sustain a relationship for a few months , but unless you develop an actual friendship on top , it 's not going to be enough . 
  that 's true , but it 's * hard * to build a proper friendship that can underpin a true relationship within the space of time that the op is talking about . 
  i 'm in exactly the same situation as her , a lot of short term things and no real long term relationship , but it 's not through anyone 's fault . 
  i 've either not clicked with a guy enough or they 've not clicked with me , and around date 4/5 is really when you figure that out . 
  you ca n't force a friendship or a relationship - sometimes you just get lucky with who you meet up with , and sometimes you do n't . 
  op , do n't stress too much about it . 
  the stress of `` oh god i want this to be long term , please be the guy ! '', 
  can really show through on dates , and it 's the last thing you want . 
  it sounds like you 've figured out that so far you 've been picking the wrong guys and getting bored early , and those are both good things to work on . 
  relax on the date with this guy , do n't think about it too much , and do n't pin all your hopes on him being the long term boyfriend . 
  take it easy . 
  you 'll get there . 
  there 's more rental houses than you 'd think , even in little villages . 
  just look in the property section of a local newspaper . 
  i live in a reasonably rural location ( in that we have fibre broadband on the way and a tescos but still plenty of fields to walk the dog on ) , and most people either work in the nearest towns up to an hours drive away , or do the commute in to london every day . 
  it 's hardly impossible , you just have to work the logistics out . 
  my pub gives double time for christmas day and new years eve . 
  i 'll happily work boxing day and new years day without much fuss - they 're just lazy days to sit around with new presents anyway . 
  regarding edit 2 , just ask them if they 've got a shift rotation for the christmas period already arranged and say you 'd be happy to work new years , if possible . 
  my pub asks us to volunteer first for what shifts we want to do and then if they 've not got the numbers they need , they schedule other staff in working from the basis of who 's volunteered for the least number of shifts upwards to make it more fair . 
  do bear in mind that as you 're coming into things late , the staff who have been there longest will probably get the pick of christmas shifts over you . 
  so ask early . 
  edit : also , if it comes to it and you have to work christmas , just suck it up . 
  it 's one year and you 're getting money in . 
  there are loads of other people still working ; healthcare staff , emergency services , tv/news producers and presenters , etc. 
  losing a few hours of one christmas ( let 's face it , you wo n't be there 8am - 10pm ) will be annoying , but not the worst thing in the world . 
  chores , study for my distance learning degree courses , playing with the dog , and otherwise sleeping and drinking copious mugs of lemsip to get rid of the cold that will not go away . 
  i 'm full of cold and feeling sorry for myself , so tonight it 's just two slices of hot buttered toast with peanut butter and several cups of tea . 
  you could call it a functional dinner , i suppose !, 
  if being an adult means buying in and/or cooking your own food , i 'm the crappest adult alive . 
  once in a blue moon , i can possibly be bothered to do something more than tinned soup , baked beans on toast or something involving pasta . 
  if not , it 's takeaway . 
  yes , exactly . 
  i enjoy my big boobs , but buying tops is a nightmare . 
  i 've given up on ever buying button down shirts from the high street , my back is permanently sore and my boobs seem intent on destroying every sports bra i own . 
  plus , sleeping on my front is only fun for a partial amount of time . 
  i 've considered a reduction every now and again , but i do actually * like * my boobs , so i 've never given it a huge amount of serious thought . 
  see , i 'd rather wear a v-neck ( maybe with a scarf if i 'm feeling cold/self conscious ) that day than go for a high neck and try and hide them . 
  it just makes it worse . 
  i have , and i do wear the right bra size and measure myself regularly .
