  personally i always find i overbalance mine more if i have something on my feet , so try them with just bare toes . 
  i 'd also suggest trying to pull more tension in your legs - squeeze your buttocks , point your toes , make everything taunt to get that really nice line going on . 
  you ca n't really * make * her have contact with you just because you want to be friends . 
  she does n't want to talk to you - just leave it at that . 
  it 's not really a case of ` giving up ' on being friends when she 's already shut the whole thing off . 
  maybe in a year or so when things have calmed down you could try again , but for now just do as she 's asked and leave her alone . 
  this is the same as your boyfriend ` accidentally ' coming across your diary and reading your most private thoughts , and then him repeatedly pulling it out of your drawer every day to read the latest dirty thoughts you 've had . 
  it 's also a bit like you sticking a fork into the back of your hand and then doing it over and over again . 
  admit to him that you think you found it , and you would like for him to keep his privacy , so could he change his username please . 
  then stop stalking him on reddit and go do something else to distract yourself . 
  this is n't healthy for either of you . 
   i have n't ruled out a future with her , it is just that i am uncertain, 
  this is n't fair on your girlfriend in any sense of the word . 
  you 're dithering about even moving in with her when you are * thirty five years old * whereas she is thinking kids , home , family . 
  if you do n't know and you ca n't commit , then break it off with her so that she can go find a man who does want all of those things . 
  stop being selfish and hanging on to her because you ca n't make up your mind . 
  gumtree ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm from the uk , i far prefer the uk mistborn covers to the us ones and i 'm none of those things . 
  they 're simpler and cleaner , for one thing . 
  the [ us covers have so much going on ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-nki5t0cnmze/t-vddnp1uvi/aaaaaaaacnw/rhov4u9vp2m/s1600/mistborn+series.jpg ) !, 
  i never like how us covers have such massive titles , too . 
  the title and author name always overwhelm everything , even when it 's really pretty artwork . 
  look at the us hero of ages paperback cover - the text easily takes up two thirds of the space on there , and then you 've just got vin and elend crammed in there like a dramatic romance cover with all of this other crazy stuff going on in the background . 
  it 's overwhelming , and for me it 's really off putting . 
  also , okay , the us hardcovers are pretty , but why are there random feet hanging down from the top of the cover ? 
  you do n't need feet there . 
  it 's very odd . 
  chocolate , chocolate and chocolate . 
  sometimes biscuits . 
  mostly chocolate . 
  awww , i bet it looks adorable . 
  some day my hair will be long enough to wear in pigtails again !, 
  how fun !, 
  what made you want to pick up the bongos ? 
  well done !!, 
  mine was completely last minute too , though not quite as close to the wire as yours !, 
   even though we spend every day/night together , is anything unknown about him/me going to pop up unexpectedly that can cause incompatiblility ? 
  off the top of my head ; the way you both deal with grief , the way you deal with family , finances , illness , stress , childhood trauma , and the actual physical compatability of living together day in , day out , every single day in your own little space . 
  two weeks with family around and one week travelling does n't cut it . 
  you 've only been together seven months . 
  that 's , what , 3 % of your life so far ? 
  ( someone else do the maths , please ! ), 
  i know he 's absolutely your best friend so far and it 's great that you want to grow together , but if you 're so sure you 'll be together for the rest of your life what 's the rush right now ? 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll be brilliant !, 
  what 's it for ? 
  yeah healthy lungs !, 
  go you !, 
  omggg i have two exams coming up back to back in june tooo . 
  they are the worst !, 
  you 're dating a girl who is emotionally cheating on her boyfriend , and wanted to hide it from you to boot . 
  congrats , you 've picked a winner . 
  you can tell yourself all you like that she 's different , that your relationship is somehow different to her other one , but it 's probably not . 
  she probably felt everything she 's feeling with you for this other guy too . 
  how would you feel if you were her boyfriend and saw all the messages she 's been sending ? 
  now imagine if you were her boyfriend - how would you honestly trust her not to do that to you too ? 
  the good news is that now she 's outside your borders so you do n't have to see her , talk to her or hear from her . 
  if she does come back , keep your distance until you 've guaranteed whether she is now single or not . 
  that 's just * amazing * , well done you !!, 
  are we allowed to know what field you work in ? 
  unconditional is brilliant !, 
  well done you !!, 
  it 's so nice not to have to worry about ucas results is n't it ? 
  aw look at you saving the world . 
  go you !, 
  you can do 3,000 words easily . 
  just get them out there !, 
  i would be so chuffed about that too !, 
  best of luck for your move !, 
  one year younger is okay , i 'd try a date with him . 
  two years younger is pushing it , that 's the same age as my brother and i 'm squicky about dating blokes his age or younger . 
  three years and below is an automatic no , i 'm afraid . 
  he can fancy me all he likes , but i wo n't be going out with him . 
  yup . 
  i like reading and writing it , too . 
  it 's incredibly hot . 
  hello , random floating head . 
  he seriously could n't have dipped his webcam just a little bit ? 
  he looks about ... 22/23 , i guess . 
  ` muscle groin strain ' , but i guess it 's not that weird - i pulled a muscle in my groin at gymnastics on monday . 
  ` aragorn procrastinate ' , because i was looking for [ this . 
  and uh ` essex murder trials ' because i was having an oddly good tempered debate with friends on facebook about whether people agreed with the death penalty . 
  when my mum asks `` have you messaged that guy back ? '', 
  for the fifty thousandth time , i just say `` yes '' to get her off my neck . 
  mostly it 's just about how much clothes i bought have cost , and i 'm not above knocking a tenner off the price i really paid . 
  you 're only twenty years old . 
  you could n't wait just a * bit * longer to see how you develop and mature as a person and how women respond to that instead ? 
  i 'd feel very sorry for you that at twenty years old you felt like you had to go pay someone to sleep with you . 
  and no , i would n't be interested in a guy who did that . 
  i 'm not doing it now , but i 'll answer about the job i initially trained for out of secondary school as it 's something a little bit different . 
  for what it 's worth , i loved it and was good at it , but i burned out on it . 
  i 'm 28 and now doing a second degree in history to go and be a teacher . 
  my mum switched from a masters in marketing to being a social worker at age 50 . 
  it 's totally cool to change your mind . 
  1 ) ** what is your job ? 
  ** theatre lighting technician and assistant stage manager . 
  2 ) ** what is your education ? 
  where did you go to school , did you get a degree , and if so , what it ? 
  what was it like in this major in college ?
