  i went on to a pill ( dianette ) that had the combined effects of fixing my acne whilst also being a contraceptive . 
  it works great for me . 
  i have a reminder on my phone to take it every day , i do n't really have any side effects ( maybe i 've put on weight ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i eat too much chocolate anyway ) and it 's cleared my face up incredibly well . 
  i * can * stack it if i want , but i find i tend to become particularly emotional and unhappy at the end of my stacked month , so i try not to do it that often . 
  i 'm also positive that the combination of dianette and the fact i switched on to a menstrual cup a couple of years ago is why my periods have become so much shorter and lighter . 
  they 're a breeze now . 
  i 'm only mildly attached to my home village/town - it 's pretty but i 'm not desperately in love with it . 
  the longer i 'm here living at home , the more i become attached to east anglia in general ( south east england ) . 
  i love the counties around me , suffolk , norfolk and cambridgeshire , and i now have two of my best friends living near cambridge , which does keep me very attached . 
  i like that i 'm from here , but ` pride ' is a bit of an odd concept for us english . 
  we 're not particularly patriotic like americans are . 
  i 'm actually a bit torn , because i want to train to be a history teacher , and because of family i 'd like to stay around this general area . 
  the thing is , i also desperately miss my university city , edinburgh , and would love a chance to live there again . 
  so i do n't know what i 'm going to end up doing , really !, 
  when i was little , i used to want to live in america . 
  actually , if my parents had died i would have been sent to live with my aunt and uncle who lived in ohio , so , for the grace of god etc etc. 
  but now i 'm an adult and i see everything about americas insane healthcare and * insane * gun issues and shouty man religious issues and crazy politicians making womb fiddling laws , i 'm just like ... i will never , ever do more than holiday over there . 
  because americans are cool as shit , but america itself is * crazy * . 
  it 's fine , it 's fun , i like it . 
  i 've done it enough now and wo n't look to intentionally sleep with anyone casually again , but if anyone else enjoys it kudos to them . 
  wrap it up , keep yourself safe and have at it . 
   i can tell you that any guy who complains that his girlfriend doesnt shave or wear makeup would get incredulous looks, 
  tell that to the guy who was posting a question in here a week ago , about whether it was a problem that he required all of his girlfriends to be consistently hairless all the time , then . 
  because he not only wanted his girlfriends to shave , he wanted them to have no body hair whatsoever . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 'd say his was a common opinion , too . 
  i 've always thought that [ this shot of calamy ] ( http://screencaps.us/200/3-master-commander/full/master-commander-movie-screencaps.com-3711.jpg ? ), 
  from master and commander looks just like an oil painting . 
  it 's lovely . 
  what ?!, 
  yes !, 
  i have dogs , i show dogs , i would * never * be with anyone who kicks a dog in that way . 
  i have very little dating life unless i actually put in the effort to find one ( okc , etc ) . 
  i 'm average looking . 
  i do n't get randomly asked out . 
  i sincerely doubt anything would be different if i was born a man . 
  population of where ? 
  you 've got ladies here from everywhere - america , the uk , germany , south africa , australia , new zealand , canada , france , which is going to influence all of our opinions . 
  i think we tend to fill reddits demographics of * generally * liberal , generally agnostic/atheist and generally educated but i 'd hesitate to apply many other labels to us . 
  i 'm going to say amazing looks . 
  even if his skills do n't improve we can have fun doing lessons together . 
  not a bit . 
  i might get the odd ` hot librarian ' comment when i 'm wearing them , but that 's about the extent of it . 
  i love the fool from robin hobb 's * farseer * series . 
  he ( or she ? ), 
  is such an enigmatic character - we never really find out * that * much about him . 
  we do know that fitz and nighteyes both love him deeply and trust him , which of course means that we , the reader , do the same . 
  we know that he loves very deeply , that he 's very creative , very empathetic and hobb gives him some great , witty lines which shows just how sharp he is . 
  i think i like him best for the fact that he 's just so stubborn though - fitz tries to prevent him doing quite a lot of things , and that never stops the fool from getting what he wants . 
  i think i like him most for the mystery hobb creates around him ; we know him , but we really do n't all at the same . 
  it makes me crave finding out more - the fact that * fools assassin * is getting closer to release does n't help at all !, 
  option c : a dog . 
  dogs are nicer than cats and will welcome me home . 
  but as i already have a soppy dog and i 'm single , i guess i 'll go for wanting a boyfriend . 
  i 'm pretty okay with it . 
  i 'm actually more concerned with having my own place by the time i 'm 30 ( i turned 29 in march ) than having a boyfriend by the time i 'm 30 . 
  i mean , i 'll fit a relationship in * somewhere * , but it 's just not a priority right now . 
  in the meantime , i 'm limiting facebook time ( wayyyy too many engagements and babies lately ) and getting on with my studies . 
  my parents are more preoccupied with me being in a couple than i am . 
  tawny man you mean ? 
  it * does * ... but at the same time it introduces a whole shedload of new questions . 
  tawny man is actually my favourite trilogy , so if you like the fool already you are going to love it so much !, 
  has to be the [ introduction of aragorn in fellowship of the ring ] ( http://youtu.be/r1j9lvvuifg?t=1m33s ) . 
  the long shot of aragorn through the crowd , viggo in a hooded cloak with a pipe , the shot of his face where the tobacco flares and then dies again , howard shore 's music with the influence of the ring on frodo ... it 's all just so atmospheric and beautifully done . 
  that 's a hard one , actually . 
  at the moment probably my dads , because my nanna has dementia and we 're dealing with her about to go to a care home , so i 'm speaking to them much more often . 
  i feel like i get along better with my cousins on my mum 's side though . 
  it varies a lot . 
  sometimes i see it and just get really annoyed that their pdas are just unnecessarily showing off for the sake of showing off ` love ' . 
  sometimes i see it and get jealous in an `` aw , i want that '' kind of way . 
  sometimes i see it and i 'm happy for them . 
  totally depends . 
  it makes up most of my collection and one of my favourite subs is / r/fantasy, 
  my favourite series hands down is robin hobb 's * farseer * books , ** especially ** * tawny man * . 
  i am soooo excited for the new fitz and fool trilogy this summer !, 
  her characters are so fleshed out and so wonderful . 
  i adore her . 
  close behind is brandon sanderson . 
  i finished * words of radiance * a month or two ago and it just swept me away . 
  it 's turning out to be a fabulous series , and i ca n't wait for the next one to come out . 
  professor minerva mcgonagall the totally bad ass ( with biscuits ) . 
  i actually really like bellatrix lestrange as a character too - even though she 's a baddie , rowling gives her lots of layers and motivation for the way she is , which can be unusual when reading evil characters . 
  i quite like katniss from the hunger games as a character , but she did end up going quite ptsd and wackadoo , so . 
  ooooh umbridge was * so fun * to hate . 
  `` i must not tell lies . '', 
  creepy !, 
  that 's actually such a mature , scary plotline for books nominally aimed at young teenagers . 
  i 'd say read liveships before reading tawny man if you can . 
  there are reveals in tm that you do n't * need * to have read liveships for ( i did n't ) , but it makes things so much clearer and so much more intriguing all at the same time . 
  if you loved mistborn , definitely read * alloy of law * , * warbreaker * and brandon 's new * stormlight archive * series if you get time !, 
  his writing is just getting better and better with every book , and * words of radiance * left me totally gobsmacked . 
  oh you must !, 
  it 's an amazing series of books !, 
  you can find the [ reading order guide here ] ( http://www.lspace.org/books/reading-order-guides/the-discworld-reading-order-guide-20.jpg ) . 
  warbreaker has relevance to words of radiance , but it 'll only become clear how after you 've finished it . 
   but yes , definitely read it at some point , either before way of kings or in between wok and wor . 
  i took a punt on the new fantasy book [ * traitors blade * by sebastian de castell ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18947303-traitor-s-blade ) a few weeks ago and really really enjoyed it . 
  it was well paced , had fun characters in and a good plot that kept me guessing . 
  if you like locke lamora , i 'd say give it a go .
