  that means it 'll take me three years to complete , and most students take 6 . 
  the sign up process is incredibly simple - you just pick a module , pay your fees or apply for student finance and then that 's you registered to start . 
  there 's no applications , which is why it 's called the open university . 
  anyone can do it . 
  i find the age range of students is generally higher , from late twenties through to retired people looking to keep the grey matter moving . 
  there are a few different ways to go about qualifications . 
  you can either do the odd module as and when you like , do enough modules in whatever subjects you feel like to qualify for an open degree ( i.e. 
  you 've made up a certain number of credits ) , or follow a pathway to recieve a particular degree - history in my case , english literature in yours . 
  you get the flexibility of choosing a wider range of modules in the open degree , whereas with pathway ones there are certain compulsory modules at each level that you need to take . 
  i 've done one compulsory module at level 1 ( aa100 , the arts past and present , which you would also have to take , and which i loved ) , working through one at level 2 ( a200 , history medieval to modern ) , and i 'm doing an optional one at l2 as well ( a219 , classical greece and rome ) . 
  i have ( roughly ) monthly assessments for each course called tmas ( tutor marked assignments ) , which the ou gradually builds from 500 words up to 2500 + words . 
  some courses have an exam at the end , some have emas ( end of module assignments ) which are externally marked . 
  one thing that i do particularly like about the ou is that they gradually build your confidence and academic ability . 
  you start with easy , short assignments and through the course it increases , so by the end you 're doing full academic essays with bibliographies and essay plans and they seem as straightforward as the first tma did . 
  they really , really do support you , especially as most people are coming into the modules with a huge gap between the last time they wrote an academic essay for school and now !, 
  as / u/buried _ treasure said , you do get plenty of contact with other students . 
  there are monthly tutorials in your local area , plus one or two days schools during each course , and online forums both through the ou and facebook . 
  i find my fb course forum more active and interesting , but it does vary . 
  your tutor will also get in contact with their email and phone numbers , so you can get in touch at any time to ask them questions . 
  i 've actually had friends from brick unis tell me that ou students get more tutor support than they do !, 
  as far as employers go , i think ou degrees are regarded quite highly . 
  even though anyone can do one , they are academically rigorous and most people do their degree whilst also having other full time commitments like employment and families to work around . 
  it shows you can multi-task , but you * have * to be dedicated to get through it . 
  i do n't have any kind of social life at all right now , but i am handing in all my assignments on time and getting quite good marks for them . 
  i also love the courses , and i 'm so pleased i signed up to them . 
  definitely give it a go !, 
  honestly , on your 30th or 40th or 50th birthdays you 're not going to be thinking about this guy . 
  your life , in however many years , is not going to revolve solely around him . 
  it just is n't . 
  what you 're saying , when you say `` i do n't know how to live my life without this guy '' is actually `` i do n't know what to do right now . '', 
  so what you do , is you fill the gap . 
  do n't worry about hooking up with new people if you 're just doing it for company . 
  getting under someone to get over someone sometimes works , but not always , especially because half the time you end up thinking ` god , where was the romance [ ex ] gave me ? ' . 
  you 're better off using platonic things to help . 
  meet up with girl friends . 
  take up that hobby you 've always thought looks cool but never had time for before . 
  indulgence yourself in new activities . 
  throw yourself into college work . 
  make yourself so busy that you do n't have * time * to think about him . 
  i know it seems right now like he 's your entire world and your whole world has just gone down the drain , but i promise it 's not the case . 
  there is so much out there that 's not to do with your ex . 
  you 've just got to go and find it . 
  right . 
  do you often just whip that story out to new friends/new dates ? 
  because it 's a bit odd ... 
  i 'm doing a shitload of work now , both employed and study work , so i talk about that or the dog show hobby i have , which most people like to ask questions about . 
  i skim as neatly as i can over the inevitable romance question , because this year has been dull as dishwater as far as love interests are concerned , and i 'm sick of talking about it . 
  just started two books , * blood song * by anthony ryan which is a self-published fantasy novel , and * the beau monde : fashionable society in georgian london * which is a slightly more academic history non-fiction book that i 've had my eye on for a couple of months . 
  i do agree with your boyfriend that bringing relationship problems up at 12:30 am when you 're both in bed is not a good idea . 
  bed is for sleep and sex and nothing else . 
  however , that really is the only part of this that i * do * agree with him on . 
  op , you can do so much better . 
  he 's a functioning meth addict who has previously cheated on you with not one , but multiple other women , lied to you about it , and now apparently expects you to trust every word of his about his addiction without evidence to back himself up . 
  because that 's worked so well in the past , of course . 
  op , your instincts are right , and they always were . 
  you should leave , and not look back . 
  hooray !, 
  well done you !, 
  have a great time enjoying your single self !, 
  of course !, 
  buy yourself whatever you like gal , you deserve it !, 
  going out to some kind of venue to have a shared activity with a person i am romantically interested in . 
  dress code is semi formal , more usually categorised as ` cute ' in primary phases and reverts to more casual wear in later occasions . 
  normally planned in advance . 
  not shared with other persons or couples . 
  two hours drive at the very most , but he 's got ta be pretty damn special for that . 
  i 'd prefer to meet a guy who lives within an hour of me . 
  it takes me about 45 minutes to get to the next town over , which is about 30 miles away . 
  i 'm 5 ' 8 '' and massively prefer flats . 
  the only heels i wear regularly are my fucking gorgeous black calf-high boots because i feel like superwoman in them and the heels make the most amazing clicking sound when i walk , and they are sooooooo comfy . 
  other than that , flats for the win . 
  confidence, 
  dress sense, 
  wit, 
  you know , i 've never seen it before but he reminds me * so much * of hugh laurie in that photo . 
  i used to work on a cruise ship a few years ago , and while i was on there i had a short , intense fling with a handsome french bartender ( i 'm english ) . 
  i really wish i had n't - he was a selfish jerk , and i only really realised that once he 'd been fired and kicked off the ship . 
  in the meantime while i was dating him , i missed out on a potentially great relationship with a gorgeous canadian guy , which i still regret now . 
  the frenchman was n't worth any of it , not even the sex . 
  it was just that it was such an * intense * environment that i got swept away by having a really attractive man come on to me in a rather delicious french accent . 
  in the meantime i know the canadian is single again after a couple of heavy-duty relationships and i 'm debating about confessing in a message how much i still fancy him . 
  so yeah , i guess it does still affect my current life in a few ways . 
  i sign up for okcupid , go on dates and generally act like the totally cool , gorgeous gal that i am . 
  so no different , really . 
  bit difficult to do that as he lives in canada and i 'm in england !, 
  it 's very much a one-that-got-away scenario . 
  as someone who wants to train as a history teacher in the next two years , seriously fuck michael gove . 
  what a massive prick . 
  me neither :d i 'm seeing the nt live broadcast - hiddles closeups ahoy !, 
  everyone knows everyone . 
  really , edinburgh can get a bit incestuous at times and feel a bit closed in , especially when you start working your way through the dating pool as a single person . 
  it 's my favourite city in the world and i love it dearly , but the smallness of it can drive you nuts . 
  master and commander . 
  there 's one scene around a dinner table where the officers are discussing nelson , and one particular shot looks just like an oil painting . 
  it 's gorgeous . 
  the soundtrack is wonderful too . 
  not to be mean or anything , but * what the fuck are you doing * ? 
  you are nineteen years old . 
  she is in debt by ** seven thousand dollars ** and is apparently stealing your credit card to buy more things with which is , you know , * fraud * . 
  she 's not cooking , not cleaning , i 'm guessing she 's also not looking after the dogs properly ( is anyone actually training these puppies before they hit their own teenage phase ?
