  actually , speaking as a 32 year old , i think if you were 30 , you 'd be * less * inclined to go for it . 
  i look at my peers and where they are in life , and a lackadaisical weed-smoking non-communicating 38 year old bartender sounds like a total shambles of a partner . 
  you 're comparing him to where the rest of your peers are now , not where everyone * his * age is . 
  he 's not a good fit for where you want to go . 
  i would cut your losses and keep looking for someone who 's bound to be a much better fit than this guy . 
  that sounds like a really convenient diagnosis for you , op . 
  `` but she has ptsd . 
  she physically * needs * me around . '', 
  no , she does n't . 
  she tells you to fuck off . 
  her ` episodes ' happen when you 're not totally available to coddle her whims . 
  she pulls the suicide card and then says she 'll ` hate ' you if you try to help . 
  your girlfriend is not a nice person . 
  in fact , she seems downright manipulative . 
  do n't set yourself on fire to keep her warm . 
  it 's fine ? 
  i do n't watch it much , other than having seen spirited away and knowing a friend obsesses over sailor moon . 
  i do n't like the sort where everyone 's faces get really massive and round and angry . 
   i had a psychotic outbreak that caused her a lot of suffering, 
  welp , that 's a pretty good reason all by itself . 
  also , she 's broken up with you . 
  she * does n't want * to work through issues . 
  she just wants to be single again . 
  leave her alone . 
  i throw myself into my work , keep busy and keep plugging away on tinder and okc to try to line up dates . 
  i much prefer easyjet over ryanair , even when ryanair is cheaper . 
  their flights feel like they have a little more legroom ( i 'm surprised that they do n't ? 
  ) , their customer service is good , and i 've always hated the way ryanair try to cut pretty much everything just to be the cheapest . 
  you get what you pay for , and i 'd rather pay the extra few quid for easyjet over ryanair . 
   i know i should probably break up with my [ 21m ] girlfriend [ 23f ] , but it 's not that simple . 
  sure it is . 
  you 're not sharing a mortgage . 
  you do n't have kids . 
  you do n't like her very much . 
  you do n't want to share a life with her . 
  you think she 's cheating . 
  breaking things off is n't going to be * easy * , but it definitely is that simple . 
  radio 2 , radio 4 , the local heart fm or classic fm . 
  unless you 're in london , a good wage to earn for a decent living standard is around # 25-30k . 
  so yes , it may seem low to you , but it 's reasonable for us . 
  our prime minister only gets ( i think ) # 68k . 
  personally , i tend to imagine wealthier earners being on at least # 60k + and the top end from # 100-120k upwards . 
  i did a postgrad last year at uea and loved it . 
  the uni is very good at listening to its students , and if one of your priorities is money , then norwich is much cheaper than brighton . 
  both the uni and town offer lots to do to manage your work/life balance as well , and the campus is realllllly pretty - even the concrete grows on you !, 
  ( p.s. 
  ` school ' here only refers to education up to age 16-18 . 
  you 're applying to universities , not schools ) . 
  identity for us tends to be tied to who we * are * , not who our family * were * . 
  my surname is scottish and my ancestors were probably scottish , but the only identity * i * feel with scotland is that i personally lived in edinburgh for 4 and a bit years and have aunts , cousins , and some friends there . 
  otherwise , i 'm english through and through . 
  i totally get feeling a connection with somewhere , and i 'm glad you 're visiting our great little island . 
  it 's just that americans tend to take things a bit far . 
  your thing about ` evolving ' in western europe seems a bit odd to me . 
  you do n't * really * know anything about our culture . 
  your culture is american . 
  your direct relatives/parents/grandparents / great-grandparents are american , right ? 
  why do you need to be british and basque too ? 
  pros : availability of choice . 
  i can name ten different brands of cereal without even trying , i could buy loads of different fruit and vegetables from all sorts of exotic destinations , and it 's only a matter of time before they run out of kitchen gadgets to invent . 
  cons : just because we have free elections and free choice does n't mean that the choices that get made are good ones . 
  there 's dipping and bumping , so i figure it 's some kind of dance move you do ten times ? 
  british men * never * ask women out . 
  * ever * . 
  every single online date i 've been on ( and i 've been on plenty ) i 've been the one to suggest it . 
  they 'd rather let the conversation * die * than suggest a drink . 
  i 'm really getting pissed off with it lately , actually . 
  seriously ... by the bbc . 
  it 's a documentary podcast , and the topics they choose are incredibly interesting . 
  this american life is always good , though they are doing lots of repeats lately . 
  the bowery boys is a fun nyc history podcast . 
  witness by the bbc has great 10 minute snapshots of historical events . 
  it 's a nice easy one to whizz through . 
  hardcore history by dan carlin - so in depth but super interesting . 
  that 's right . 
  you ca n't carry any weapons or items that could be used as weapons ( i.e pepper spray ) . 
  you can , however , apply for a gun license if you want to own a gun for sport or work . 
  there 's no concept of open or concealed carry here at all , but it does n't mean all guns are outright banned . 
  i think the ` looking and feeling irish ' part is a bit weird , since you and your dad are both american , but there 's nothing wrong with enjoying your family history . 
  i would just roll my eyes if you turned up here and claimed you were as irish as anyone else walking down the street . 
  also , you 're second generation , surely . 
  your grandfather having an orgasm in ireland does n't count as your dad being irish . 
  if he was born in america , has an american passport and lived his whole life there , then he 's irish-american . 
  that 's the way i 'd see it , anyway . 
  i nipped across to france and belgium for a school day trip from the uk yesterday , but i know not all of us have such close borders !, 
  we did n't actually get time to go into ypres itself unfortunately . 
  we did bayernwald restored trenches , tyne cot and the passchendale museum in zonnebeke . 
  it was really fun . 
  why would a random one of davids friends contact you , another random one of davids friends , if david is n't even conscious to give instructions ? 
  i get contacting family , but internet friends ? 
  this just seems really fishy , and perfectly timed if you have n't been talking for a while . 
  why is one of his * exes * contacting * you ? 
  * are they going through his fb contact list and judging how many messages he 's sent each person and then notifying them ? 
  this just feels really off . 
  they 're obsessed with knowing what we think of them . 
  have a look at all the other questions we get asked constantly about americans . 
  all of those answers are also perfectly honest opinions . 
  i prefer to say that i 'm proud to be british , rather than saying i 'm patriotic . 
  i think we have a great culture and history and i love sharing it with visitors . 
  i 'd also love to take part in a more patriotic event like last night of the proms , but that 's really where patriotism ends for me .
