  assuming that they can get better service from a man at a computer shop/garage/car sales place/whatever . 
  knowing about a car/pc is n't dependent on your chromosome combination . 
  that is so cool . 
  that 's now on my to-do list if i ever have a reason to go to hereford . 
  right now right now ? 
  making a fuss of my dog while he 's sleeping . 
  he comes into the office every day with me and just snoozes it away . 
  oh my god yes, 
  exhibit number 1 : [ joseph gordon levitt ] ( http://madame.lefigaro.fr/sites/default/files/imagecache/photo_horizontale_articles/2013/12/1p-joseph-gordon-lewitt.jpg ) . 
  now that is a man who knows how to * dress * . 
  good god . 
  sure . 
  americans do n't have a bad reputation over here . 
  you 're just -- americans . 
  nothing special . 
  i 'd date an american or canadian guy if a good one came along . 
  seriously . 
  i got to halfway down and gave up . 
  op , go calm down and redo this when you 're more lucid because i ca n't work out what on earth is going on . 
  # 3.50 for a pint of fosters , # 1.60 for a regular size coke/lemonade . 
  a large glass of wine is usually around a fiver . 
  i live in a particularly tourist trap area just outside colchester , essex . 
  probably gymnastics . 
  i mean , it 's a popular sport for girls and teenagers , but other women my age ( 25 + ) are really really nervy about trying it and joining open classes with me . 
  it 's a shame because it 's loads of fun , but i guess they think they 'll be competing with super bendy fourteen years olds and everyone will be backflipping everywhere and sneering at their attempts at a forward roll . 
  i guess lighter colours , but they 're your nails - paint them however you want !, 
  i have peppermint green on mine at the moment . 
  uh , right . 
  so , you 're a total mess . 
  and they 're a mess . 
  just block their calls , do n't send or answer any more emails and go back to being estranged . 
  and for gods sake , stop sending emails when you 're on medication and have n't slept for however long . 
  and if you 're having trouble sleeping , go see a sodding doctor . 
  also , if you 're serious about that ` nigerian kidnappers video ' thing in your post history , you 're also really quite screwed up and i can see why they do n't want to deal with you . 
  call it out when you see it or hear it - even a `` knock it off , that 's not funny '' or `` that 's not cool '' to your friends makes the point that sexist attitudes are n't welcome . 
  every little helps !, 
  of course not . 
  why would it be a problem ? 
  it 's a place you 're renting . 
  as long as it 's not dripping with mould or you 're an incurable slob/hoarder , i ca n't see the position of your flat within a building could possibly be an issue . 
  why did you think we 'd all hate the idea of a basement so much ? 
  state of affairs ? 
  has the universal image of mass murderers changed lately ? 
  the man had problems . 
  the majority of men , even shy men , do n't . 
  yeah , but nix the parents bit and you 're good to go . 
  as long as you 're sure it is n't damp and you 're okay with less light coming in , then basements are fine by me . 
  i used to live in edinburgh and those tenements had loads and loads of basement flats to rent . 
  it 's not a new concept by any means . 
  i would hate to be a housewife . 
  i suck at cooking , get cabin fever from being indoors for more than two days at a time and like having my own income . 
  kudos to women who like it and are good at it , but i 'd never be a housewife . 
  yeah , i like a guy i date to have at least a vague idea of how he wants his life to progress . 
  having a good life now is great , but if you do n't go anywhere then you stagnate , and that 's not attractive . 
  goals can be anything from wanting to travel to x country , to wanting a promotion at work , to getting a new degree or whatever . 
  just as long as you 're aiming for something at some indeterminate point in the future . 
  nope . 
  i love museums !, 
  wandering around a museum chatting about stuff sounds like a great date to me . 
  ridiculously tacky . 
  i grew out of them when i was fourteen . 
  hickies do n't impress anyone . 
  online generally , and if i attend the occasional friends party i keep my fingers crossed . 
  england , but everyone knows we 'll just get to the quarter finals and then get knocked out on penalties . 
  it 's practically formula at this point . 
  well , it 's just started and so far has a distinct lack of tea . 
  it has n't , because i laugh at stereotypes and stomp all over them . 
  i 'll ask out whoever i want , and frequently have done , because apparently men are * rubbish * at asking me out , even over online dating . 
  if i like the guy , i 'll invite him for a drink . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i love love love this little short [ the windmill farmer ] ( http://youtu.be/0nd9oux7bd4 ) but i honestly ca n't watch it again because it makes me cry . 
  whereabouts are you ? 
  what are you doing there ? 
  take advantage of it !, 
  believe me , you are going to be * kicking * yourself in five years time for not making the most of being abroad and soaking up the culture . 
  it 's only ten weeks - please do n't waste it by sitting around in your room on skype all the time . 
  you can do that at home !, 
  go out , go find something exciting and different and * enjoy * it . 
  realistically you 'll never get this chance again !, 
  i doubt this is particularly odd , but i always want to watch disney films . 
  heart warming animated features are compulsory when i 'm feeling under the weather . 
  i went to an all girls grammar school - no fees , but you have to pass an exam at age 11 for entry . 
  i see zero problems with single sex schools . 
  in fact , i think it was the best choice my parents could have made for my education , and its hardly like we never ever got to socialise with boys for a whole seven years . 
  anyway , i sincerely doubt either eton or harrow will ever fully admit girls . 
  too much alumni pressure to keep to tradition ( very important ) and really , what reason would there be ? 
  they 're vastly oversubscribed for new students anyway . 
  this girl does n't owe you a single thing . 
  i know you 're hurt and angry and upset , but demanding that she meets you ( which she 's * clearly * uncomfortable with ) just so you can accuse her of 'em otional cheating ' is going to achieve what , exactly ? 
  it 's certainly not going to help you become friends . 
  if i were her , i would n't even * want * to be friends with you with the way you 're acting right now . 
  the thing that you ` have on her ' about breaking some feelings rule ? 
  really ? 
  you 're being immature , op . 
  leave her alone . 
  cut contact . 
  do n't meet up with her , do n't play the martyr and accuse her of cheating just to help you get over your heartbreak . 
  she fell out of love with you ( ldrs do that ) , met someone else , developed feelings for him and broke it off with you . 
  that was the mature thing to do . 
  she 's moved on .
