  a friend of mine chose to do a placement at a known tough school , and gets sworn at and chairs thrown at her pretty constantly . 
  however , 95 % of kids i 've been working with in ordinary schools have been incredibly sweet , enthusiastic and kind . 
  the worst i 've faced is overhearing some swearing , and having a couple of lazy yr 9 boys who ca n't be bothered to be in the room . 
  that 's really not that terrible . 
  i did it because i love the subject and want to talk about it every day . 
  getting to talk to other history teachers about history stuff is genuinely my favourite part of the day , because we all love it and geek out about it . 
  i went back and did a second degree in history with the ou , with the intention of using it to get onto a pgce course . 
  i 'm training at the university of east anglia , and they have a stellar reputation for their pgce trainees , particularly in history . 
  all 14 of us on the history course ( bar one , who has other interviews lined up ) have nqt positions secure for september , and a few people got theirs way back in february or march . 
  if you 're trained well , i 'd say it 's fairly straightforward to get a job . 
  it 'll be even easier for you as a maths trainee !, 
  it is * not * an easy year , though . 
  you will be tired , and stressed , and a hermit for a year while you 're trying to slog through it all . 
  there 's been drop outs in every other subject except mine . 
  personally , i think it 's worth it . 
  not at all . 
  my pgce placements have both been in lovely schools , because my mentor wants us to develop as good * history * teachers , not just behaviour managers . 
  i 've also got my new september job in a lovely , high achieving school . 
  all schools like nqts because we have new ideas , new approaches to the subject and we 're the cheapest to hire . 
  plus , op wants to teach maths . 
  he 'll have his pick of schools to go to . 
  we had this lecture last week . 
  once you 've completed your pgce and got qts you can teach any age and any subject . 
  i could apply for primary if i really wanted , but obviously it would make it more difficult to get hired . 
  how much of my life it would take over . 
  i always knew it would be a heavy workload , but now i am positively jealous of those people who can just finish work , go home and switch off . 
  i 'm very conscious of making time for myself and keeping at least one evening and sunday free from work , but i have to actively carve that time out of my schedule . 
  my first uni was queen margaret . 
  you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  and no , its not a ` girly ' university , whatever that 's supposed to mean . 
  god , that gaming the system is so true !, 
  i 'm almost at the end of my pgce year , and when we were entering progress grades for a yr 7 class , my mentor was just like `` put them up one or two levels more than the last assessment point . '', 
  and half of them i was still randomly guessing at !, 
  did daniel get a 5a this time ? 
  nah , he could n't be bothered , stick him in at a 5c . 
  what does that even * mean * ? 
  i hardly ever upvote or downvote posts , but i 'll normally have an opinion on comments . 
  for any posts that i do downvote , it might be because it feels like they have an agenda , or i 've already seen a variation of that question twelve billion times this week . 
  for downvoting comments , i 'll fully admit that i often downvote when i disagree . 
  sucks , but everyone does it . 
  however , if i disagree but the post is well written , i 'll upvote . 
  when it gets smelly . 
  i try not to wash my bras too often , as i ca n't afford to buy new ones regularly , and washing can ruin them pretty quickly . 
  i have no opinion on men or women who underestimate themselves . 
  sorry you have low self esteem , i guess ? 
  it 's not my problem , and i 'm not the one who should be fixing it , so i do n't think about it either way . 
   what about guys who refrain from asking women out because they feel that they are not accomplished enough to be desirable to anyone ? 
  i think they should find things to boost their self confidence ? 
  but seriously , why should i worry about other people who are too shy to ask people out ? 
  i really do n't care about their lives . 
  they do n't worry about me having an overabundance of confidence , after all . 
   i want to be able to share any and every feeling with them , even ones that are fucked up or extremely painful . 
  this seems like a lot . 
  i love my friends , and i would do anything to support them ( my best friend told me today she 's finally looking for help for her anxiety , and i am * all over * support for that ) , but hearing about their every single fault and put down sounds * exhausting * . 
  for me and for them !, 
  is n't that tiring for you ? 
  constantly belittling yourself ? 
  i had this one listed in my favourites , but had forgotten why i bookmarked it until i started re-reading this morning . 
  it 's really good !, 
  heavy on the action adventure , which i love , but it 's also a really nice exploration of how bucky is projecting his mixed up bucky/winter soldier state , and how steve is dealing with that . 
  it also has a * perfect * natasha , too . 
  linkao3 ( 2171703 ), 
  thank you !, 
  i generally do n't enjoy sex pollen stuff , but the rest look great !, 
  and i love * a face built for getting punched * - i wish she 'd update it again !, 
  she sounds like a * nightmare * to live with . 
  does having big rooms and a park nearby really provide enough value to offset her crazy ? 
  because the thing is , she is n't going to change . 
  it 's her house . 
  she 's got no need to change !, 
  i would really start looking for a new rental place to live , because nothing you say is going to fix the way she takes care of her own home . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  i 'm honestly amazed that you picked gotg to compare as a ` muted ' feeling . 
  yeah , that scene with quill trying to sell the orb feels a bit dull , but what about once they get to knowhere ? 
  all that amazing space colour ? 
  the colours of the prisoner uniforms ? 
  gunn uses the most lurid yellows and pinks , way more than any other marvel film . 
  i definitely would not say that gotg looks dull . 
  oh , i definitely agree that cinematography could be more experimental . 
  i do n't know much about filmmaking other than watching every scene a painting , but i do know that the marvel films are n't very adventurous with their shots . 
  i 'm a history teacher , and it 's not really taught at all . 
  schools have more choice now in what they teach at key stage 3 , but mostly it goes normans , medieval life , tudors and reformation , english civil war and cromwell , then industrial revolution with focus on britain 's developments through the 18th and 19th century . 
  i 've just sped through the british empire with focus on roanoke , india , and benin , and i 'm teaching slavery to yr 8 now . 
  as you can see , it 's a smattering of us history , but certainly nothing about the american revolution or civil war . 
  then on to ww1 , ww2 and holocaust for year 9 . 
  we might have time to touch on pearl harbour for ww2 ( and the kids are always interested in it ) but it 's very britain/germany centric . 
  gcses and a-levels have changed ( again ) and schools can choose 20th century american history topics like the cold war and vietnam if they want to , but quite a few syllabi have now gone back to earlier british history like the normans and elizabethans for in-depth focus . 
  again , no early america focus at all . 
  there 's a shortage of geography teachers right now , so that may be more useful than history ? 
  alternatively , plenty of schools want to take on a humanities teacher who can teach both . 
  our main hiring websites are www.tes.co.uk and www.eteach.co.uk with other counties doing their own recruitment websites . 
  academies , free schools and private schools do n't need qts to hire , by the way . 
  maintained schools do . 
  you can see how much more streamlined the final cut is . 
  it has so much more pace and suspense to it . 
  i was getting bored of that extended steve/zola conversation already !, 
  baby groot holding a ravager badge perhaps ? 
  maybe drax conked out beside him ? 
  or a dead ravager ? 
  i 'm firmly a remain supporter .
