  it 's far too busy for me , and i do n't like the way londoners seem to feel like everything outside of zone 5 is the backwater boonies . 
  i much prefer rolling fields and country lanes to having to deal with the tube every day . 
  unlikely . 
  three hours is just too far to nurture a fledgling relationship , even if there was a promising spark . 
  i 'll travel about an hour for a new guy if i really like him , but not three . 
  not at all . 
  i think some days there are lots of questions and some days there are n't many , but i hardly think it 's dying . 
  seems pretty busy to me !, 
  not particularly , no . 
  he 's * okay * , i suppose , but i 'd hardly go gaga over him . 
  my favourite three hot actors right now are [ tom hiddleston ] ( http://handson.provocateuse.com/images/photos/tom_hiddleston_05.jpg ) , [ chris pratt ] ( http://www.esquire.com/cm/esquire/images/8p/esq-chris-pratt-cover-soc-medium.jpg ) and [ chris hemsworth ] ( http://media.melty.fr/article-2004405-ajust_930/chris-hemsworth-va-etre-comble.jpg ) . 
  as for clooney/pitt , i 'd say clooney now but pitt in oceans eleven era . 
  rusty was * hot * . 
  you know what you need to do op , you 're just scared to do it . 
  he 's already told you the answer to your question , and it 's not what you want . 
  you just have to be brave enough to rip the bandage off instead of dragging it out bit by bit . 
  allowing for lunch , you 're only giving yourself an hour in the british museum which is nowhere * near * enough time . 
  you honestly need at least two or three hours in there to see a couple of the galleries , and even then you probably wo n't see much of it . 
  i understand wanting to see everything , but you 're packing in way way too much . 
  try slowing down and taking just a couple of things out of your agenda . 
  it 's a holiday , not a race !, 
  sort of . 
  i dated an actor who temporarily stayed in my flat during the edinburgh fringe festival , and who was already friends with my new housemates . 
  it was n't a good idea , and it got weird once he broke up with me , but at least he moved out to stay with somewhere else and i did n't have to worry about seeing him again . 
  a good friend of mine had the same thing , but much much worse . 
  she moved into a house in london with a few new people , and within a month was dating one of the guys . 
  he 'd never had a girlfriend before , she was still fresh ( ish ) out of a breakup , and she ended up moving into his room within a few weeks . 
  they broke up pretty spectacularly about three months later , she had to go and find a new house and i got lots of phone calls complaining about why the guy was acting so childishly about the breakup and how heartbroken she was . 
  it was a rather ugly finish by all accounts . 
   i sometimes wonder if this sub realizes what a laughing stock it is to a lot of the other gender-based subs on reddit ;, 
  i honestly , honestly do n't care what other subs think of aw . 
  i come here to get a break from the rest of reddit and their idea of ` funny things ' . 
  they can laugh away if they like , i doubt the majority of us in here are particularly fussed . 
  have a rousing game of [ yellow car ] ( http://youtu.be/nq8krax26mm ) !, 
  disclaimer : this is from a bbc radio 4 comedy show called ` cabin pressure ' which you should also listen to if you can , because it 's brilliant . 
  i think thor had bigger themes than just science and phenomena . 
  it 's more about family relationships and where loyalties should go ; thor and loki , thor being torn between asgard and midgard , a good king vs a good man , loki 's relationship with odin , friga and thor . 
  the science is just the plot device , really . 
  with ca : tws in the dvd commentary , the russos brought up an interesting point that cap spends a lot of the film without any friends , and he 's learning who to trust . 
  he thinks he can trust rumlow who then betrays him , he knows fury is keeping things from him , he does n't know who natasha really is , and the only person he can go to is some guy he met out on a jog one day . 
  so i 'd say friendship and trust is a pretty big theme in that one , too . 
  tablets . 
  they 're just this weird medium between a smart phone and a laptop , and as i 'm permanently tied to my smartphone or need a laptop keyboard for uni essay writing , i just do n't ever use my tablet . 
  i would absolutely consider you to be a creep because you were asking to pinch me for no reason whatsoever . 
  and no , i would not let you . 
  that 's really weird . 
  yeah , all the time . 
  i live at home right now , so it 's an oddly sociable thing to do as we all pass commentary on what we 're watching , especially when it 's political stuff or silly things like top gear . 
  there 's actually a really funny british programme running at the moment called gogglebox , which is filming people watching tv and their reactions to what 's being shown . 
  it sounds bizarre but it 's honestly brilliant , and it shows just how social tv can be . 
  a * minor * flaw ?? 
  i would seriously love to hear what you consider a major flaw - actual convictions for raping and murdering someone , maybe ? 
  this guy has told you he 's not safe to be around . 
  listen to him and to everyone else in here and get away . 
  going to a family wedding . 
  it 's actually quite fun being at a cheesy reception disco during the new year 's bells . 
  the marvel cinematic universe , particularly captain america : winter soldier at the moment . 
  all my bucky barnes feels are bubbling away !, 
  ` testing ' is the most ridiculous idea i 've ever heard of and i 've never done it with anyone . 
  you 've been dating some very odd girls , i reckon . 
  i work full time for the family company and i 'm in my third year of a full time ou degree . 
  it is * hard * , and half the time i only really make it work because dad lets me bring ou work into the office during quiet periods or i can negotiate my working hours down to four days a week in order to have a day to keep up with study . 
  i have very little social life , and the amount of perseverance you need in order to get shit done can be seriously overwhelming at times . 
  time management is * essential * , especially as you head towards exam time in june . 
  most ou students seem to think i 'm an insane masochist when i tell them i 'm doing it full time , and i fully admit it does feel quite like that when i lose another saturday to my books and assessments . 
  i 'm almost thirty and well past the weekend bar hopping point however , so missing out on nights out with friends does n't hugely bother me . 
  i also have a set goal in mind ( teaching ) that i am using this degree for , so i am determined to put in all the work it needs to get it done . 
  honestly , as you 're 21 , i would say take advantage of your lack of scottish tuition fees and go to uni properly , or move out and work full time to sustain yourself and do an ou degree part time over six years to get the academic credentials you want . 
  i do n't think the mix i 'm doing now would work all that well for you . 
  when would you write assessments , do background reading , study for exams , or even socialise with friends ? 
  lectures do n't make up everything about getting a degree . 
  i think you need to work out your likely schedule more carefully , because i 'm not convinced you 're really considering what both work and degrees require to get everything done . 
  29 years young . 
  big 3-0 in march , baby . 
  everyone keeps asking me what i 'm going to do for it , and i have no idea . 
  me too !, 
  when 's your birthday ? 
  captain america : the winter soldier . 
  it nailed that chilling spy thriller vibe perfectly , and the theme for the winter soldier was * so * eerie . 
  i listen to it far more than the interstellar score . 
  she 's not your friend . 
  she 's a bitter , angry , jealous person who was only ever nice to you when she thought she could get something from you . 
  you 're only 18 , and unfortunately it 's just a life lesson you have to learn that there are a lot of nasty people in this world who try and bring everyone else down to their level . 
  she 's doing it out of spite , and nothing more . 
  you deal with this by doing exactly what you 've been doing so far ; ignore her , hold your head up high , carry on with your career and do n't give her the satisfaction of letting her get to you . 
  if you come across the people who * do * believe her , just casually discuss the work you do and the brands you 've represented - not to show off , but just to give them the other side of the story from the one they 've already heard . 
  they 'll soon realise that bree is talking a bunch of crap , and if they do n't then they 're not worth your time . 
  she 'll dig herself into a hole soon enough , and people will stop putting up with all of her nasty digs . 
  i can absolutely guarantee that you are not the only person she 's slagging off , and in the end all of her bitterness will drive everyone else away . 
  i like the idea mentioned upthread about using instagram or facebook for posting photos about your modelling career . 
  it 's what social media is made for , after all !, 
  maybe use it like a brand , and publicise yourself so that anyone who does get curious about what you 're doing can easily find your own viewpoint . 
  post photos of backstage and your makeup , or branding that you 're modelling under ; legitimise it and talk it up as much as you can . 
  talk to other models and see what they do , but i think it could be a good option for getting the ` real story ' out without actually criticising bree head on . 
  you know if you called her out on fb she 'd only turn it against you , after all . 
  i always cleanse and moisturise first . 
  i 'm a bit obsessive about moisturising , actually . 
  primer first and let it settle for a moment or two , then concealer and mac mineral powder foundation , eyelid primer , blusher , curl my lashes , then pencil eyeliner and mascara . 
  it takes me about ... ten minutes , i guess ? 
  not long at all .
