  i 'll have to remember to try that sort of top next time i go shopping . 
  could i pull that off ? 
  i bet it 's expensive . 
  do you think she 's noticed i 'm staring ... ? '', 
  i think ? 
  bob russell is the other local one , and a rare specimen of the lib dem persuasion . 
  one more year to go on my second ba . 
  my first was in theatre production , and this one is in history . 
  i 'll be looking at getting a postgraduate certificate of education ( pgce ) next year to go be a teacher . 
  i 'd quite like to do a masters in classical civilisation at some point in the future , but that 's a long way off yet . 
  i 'm doing sales now , but the plan is to qualify as a secondary school teacher in the next two years . 
  chemistry , mostly . 
  i went on a couple of dates with the nicest , sweetest guy ever , who would make a perfect boyfriend for someone , and i * could * have dated him if i 'd really made the effort . 
  i just really , really did not fancy him . 
  we tried a kiss and there was absolutely nothing there . 
  i 'm not too inclined to make a real effort to go out with someone if i do n't have real chemistry with them . 
  disappointed , mostly . 
  let down . 
  frustrated . 
  i 'll probably have a mini `` ugh , i hate all men , they 're all * rubbish * '' rant to my best friends , and then i 'll probably go eat a shitload of chocolate for a while until i cheer up again . 
  i have a few items of clothing from a theatre venue that i worked at during multiple edinburgh fringes which are probably six or eight years old now . 
  they 're really cool - the venue is cow themed ( one is a giant inflatable upside down purple cow ) , so the crew uniforms were cow themed too , and had ` cow crew ' written on the back with a big cartoon silhouette thing of a cow face . 
  i 'm still masssively loyal to them , even though i have n't worked there for two or three years now , and the hoodies are ridiculously warm and comfortable . 
  perfect snuggly winter weather clothes . 
  i drag them out every year and never get bored . 
  i think i have a few from fat face , a couple from next , and one from a clothing line called apricot that sells in debenhams and new look . 
  the fat face ones are the nicest - i 'm wearing one today with tights and flats . 
  i love tesco clothes !, 
  sainsburys and asda are rubbish ( seriously sainsburys , why are all of your clothes cut to fit square people ? 
  ) , but tesco somehow gets it really right . 
  i get a stupid amount of messages . 
  a quarter are from eighteen and twenty one year olds . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  no thanks . 
  a quarter are just ` hi ' or ` hi sexy ' . 
  a quarter make some effort but i do n't like their profile . 
  a quarter make some effort and i like their profile , but out of half of those i just do n't feel like replying to that day because i 'm feeling lazy , or just not inspired . 
  so yeah . 
  i do n't send many messages back . 
  i probably have a nasty little red dot on my profile for how much i do n't reply . 
  you kind of have to remember that you could be the nicest guy in the world ( as long as you 're not a nice guy ) , but if your profile does n't get that across , then you 're pretty out of luck . 
  i messaged the last guy i went on a date with because he had silly two line jokes in his profile and they made me laugh . 
  sometimes it 's really hard to convey a cool personality in text and you end up just getting lost in the crowd . 
  if you 're using okc , hit up / r/okcupid for some advice . 
  they 're good people over there . 
  have you tried brandon sanderson ? 
  his * way of kings * series is only a few books in , but it 's soooo wonderful . 
  also , go talk to the lovely people at / r/fantasy if you like rothfuss and erikson . 
  they 'll get you sorted for series coming out of your ears . 
  i love twelfth night !, 
  i wo n't hear a word against it . 
  hobb is my favourite author ever ever ever , and * tawny man * is my absolute favourite series of all time . 
  i love the fool . 
  tm breaks your heart into the tiniest crumbliest pieces , too . 
  have you read * fools assassin * yet ? 
  if you love characters in particular , give robin hobb a try , starting with * assassins apprentice * . 
  she is wonderful at getting beneath character 's skins and really fleshing them out . 
  well , i do n't have to worry about hiding if i 'm aroused , for one . 
  boobs are pretty good . 
  they 're nice handwarmers in the winter , too . 
  ca n't do that with a penis . 
  well , you * could * , but it 's not generally socially acceptable on a cold day . 
  oh no , you definitely need to know the tawny man events before going on to fools assassin . 
  golden fool is good , but it gets much better once they land on aslejval . 
  your girlfriend is n't in the wrong , and you 're ruining things for both of you by being so suspicious and snoopy . 
  she replied with the equivalent of `` go home brian , you 're drunk . '', 
  that is not a conversation . 
  that is a brush off of an irritating human being . 
  if you 're not the one who asked her to stop talking to her exes , then * stop worrying about whether she 's talking to her exes * . 
  good god man , it 's like you 're ** looking ** for reasons to have an argument with her . 
  she has done nothing wrong . 
  you , on the other hand , are rooting through her private property and blaming something on her that she has n't done . 
  grow up . 
  what cheese does n't belong to you ? 
  nacho cheese !, 
  what cheese do you use to hide a horse ? 
  mascarpone !, 
  what cheese do you use to tempt yogi ? 
  camembert !, 
  i do n't know what it is about cheese jokes , but i just love them . 
  i 'd love to see a move towards an english parliament as well as a union westminster one . 
  if wales and scotland have devolved , why ca n't we ? 
  i think we need to stop worrying about being ` those racist english ' displayed by the bnp and start looking at ways to manage our matters as well as the scots do . 
  no , never . 
  it might be cliched , but i go with my heart . 
  i also like to go with the scarier option , because who knows what you 'll end up finding ? 
  i know everyone waxes on about the economy and everything , but i still think in your twenties you should take the more adventurous route in life rather than the more stable one . 
  but hey , i was the person who went into theatre work , freelanced for six years , did cruise ship work , packed it in and is now retraining ( pennilessly ) for a new career . 
  i do n't have a mortgage , pension or a partner while all my other friends have houses and babies . 
  i do n't regret a moment of it though - i have the best stories to tell . 
  if it were me , i 'd go with the option you would be most disappointed to lose out on . 
  would you be really sad if you turned down the stable job ? 
  go for that one . 
  would you always regret it if you did n't wing it on a jobless adventure ? 
  then take that route . 
  do what your heart says , rather than your head . 
  there is a graphic novel version of the farseer trilogy , but as far as i know it 's just in french . 
  i 'm writing a personal statement for a training application that does n't even need to be in until november . 
  except , i know by november i 'm going to be totally crammed with all my other uni stuff , so i 'm doing it now . 
  on a friday night , whilst listening to classic fm .
