  what was even the point of asking our advice if you are going to ignore every single person here ? 
  why is it so hard to just do the * nice * thing for your dad , even if you do n't like it ? 
  you are too good for them . 
  you grew up , they did n't . 
  now you 've moved on . 
  simple . 
  also , do n't let them guilt trip you over being friends at school , because it was * high school * . 
  it was a decade ago . 
  you do n't need to be their grateful friend for the rest of your life . 
  you can also be an adult with your own interests and friends . 
  that 's what being an adult * means * . 
  i 'm a teacher . 
  i arrive at school just after 8am , and normally leave about 5:30 , sometimes later . 
  so i guess that 's about 48 hours a week , plus a 40 minute commute either way on top . 
  i like it , and i 'm happy to do those hours . 
  i normally end up taking work home with me for the weekend or one evening a week as well . 
  i know other teachers do more , but my commute means i get to decompress at the end of the day , and it 's much harder to switch back into work mode to do some marking when i get home . 
  and yeah , the holidays are pretty sweet too . 
  not complaining one little bit about those . 
  in fact it 's half term week after next , yayyy . 
  i like the characters much more . 
  sleep . 
  either that or go into denial over the work i took home and meant to do , but did n't even look at . 
  i became a teacher last september at the ripe old age of 31 , and it was definitely the right fit . 
  getting older means you gain more patience , and you need patience in spades when dealing with kids all day . 
  i could n't have done this job straight out of uni at all . 
  bugger all happens on st george 's day . 
  most of us forget it 's even a thing , to be perfectly honest . 
  then he is never going to stop , because he never gets any consequences . 
  when the only thing he apparently cares about is you , and you reinforce to him that you 'll just accept his bad behaviour and let it slide , what possible reason does he have for change ? 
  firstly , you 've had sex so you 're not a virgin . 
  orgasm makes zero difference . 
  you did the act , and have popped the cherry . 
  anyway , * you 've had sex * , so clearly women * do * like you . 
  why not bear in mind as well that piv is not the be all and end all for sex . 
  most women orgasm through clitoral stimulation , not piv , and if you 're solely focused on what the penis provides for sex , then you 're massively missing out on everything else that sleeping with someone provides . 
  i really think you need to go back to therapy for this . 
  it 's not something that we can fix for you just by telling you how your penis size does n't matter . 
  this is all about your self esteem , and apparently right now it 's at rock bottom . 
  only therapy can solve that . 
  we * do n't * brag about penis size . 
  i have never , not once , talked about penis size with any of my friends . 
  i have no idea about the size of the men they sleep with , and honestly i would n't want to know . 
  you 're getting your impressions and information from the wrong place . 
  by becoming too insecure to talk to women because of your low self esteem , that also means you 're never ever going to learn any different , and you 're going to go around and around in decreasing circles . 
  you ca n't get her to change her attitude . 
  it 's only missing out on a good college that 's going to get her to change , which means allowing her to fail . 
  i 'm sorry her parents are going to be unhappy , but that 's not your fault . 
  that 's * her * fault , and missing out on something that she wants is going to be the only thing to fix it . 
  also , do n't feel responsible for her because her parents send her money . 
  you 're not forcing them to do that , they are * choosing * to do that . 
  you 're not even a little bit responsible at all . 
  for shared housing i would look at spareroom , for properties to yourself i would use rightmove or zoopla or just look up letting agents in those cities . 
  craigslist is n't really a thing here , gumtree is more popular , but i do n't trust it for rentals either . 
  you need to get out of this relationship asap . 
  this girl deliberately provoked you into an argument , then assaulted you with an object that caused serious harm . 
  it does n't matter * how * much time or money you spent on her , you * can not * and should not let this relationship continue . 
  you are being physically abused . 
  get out , right now . 
  definitely wear a shirt and tie , or at least something dressy and smart . 
  think about why you want to be a teacher , any educational articles you 've read , any issues you had , or things you liked during your observation period . 
  reflect on how the teachers you observed acted in the classroom , and about how maths is taught . 
  they will probably get you to do some marking or a written activity , and some kind of groupwork activity as well as the one on one interview . 
  you 'll be fine though . 
  maths is massively in demand . 
  where have you applied ? 
  i 'm procrastinating massive over the piles of marking i 've got to do , but i 'm looking forward to heading back to my parents for the week and seeing my puppy dog . 
  first day of half term , so i 'm enjoying being back at my parents house , spending some time with the dogs and recovering from a really annoying cold . 
  sniffly noses are rubbish !, 
  it 's a sweet thought , but it would put your teacher in a very awkward position , and that 's not fair on her . 
  you could invite her to join in with a large group dance instead ( less pressure for her ) , or if you 'd really like to go with a more personal option , write her a thank you card . 
  my dogs . 
  i love them silly amounts . 
  rice and peshwari naan . 
  the best !, 
  so you knew that your wife had planned an amazing and thoughtful gift in advance , and yet you still waited until 11pm at the last moment to grab a couple of things and call it a gift ? 
  no wonder she 's mad . 
  listen . 
  all your wife wanted was to get some of your time and something that shows you put some thought in . 
  like , she got you the cologne you wore at your * wedding * . 
  she really thought this out . 
  you got the last bunch of flowers left , and a candle to try and match hers . 
  newsflash : you ca n't match a holiday and wedding cologne with last minute flowers . 
  you could have matched it with a handwritten letter , or taking her out for a meal , or a romantic walk somewhere . 
  your wife just wants * time * with you - not only that , but also to know that you actively want to spend time with her . 
  she wants you to take time off work for her and not bitch about it . 
  she wants you to actively be part of this relationship and show her that you care . 
  take time off . 
  spend it with your wife . 
  talk through what is going on , and apologise sincerely to her . 
  it wo n't destroy work to be without you for a couple of days , but it will show your wife that you want to fix your marriage . 
  morally and ethically yes , it is really wrong ( and unchristian ) to fire someone because you do n't approve of the relationship they are in . 
  who they are sleeping with is none of your business . 
  whether they are a good manager and are helping your company grow should be your only concern . 
  if you 're happy to send her off with a good reference , that implies she is completing her job to your satisfaction . 
  how does her love life impact that ? 
  are you also going to fire the divorced employees who are in a relationship too ? 
  or the unmarried ones who live with their partners ? 
  because they 're all sinning . 
  sinning all the time , every day .
