  you might want a jokey phrasebook to get around some of the scots dialects ( anecdote : my dad had to employ my scots uncle as ` translator ' when he sent some english phone engineers up north to work with scottish phone engineers ) but actual language wise you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  edit : actually i just realised you 're going to be in edinburgh smack bang in the middle of the fringe festival . 
  has anyone told you about that yet ? 
  it 's something you definitely do n't want to miss out on !, 
  the edinburgh fringe festival is officially part of the edinburgh international festival and is the [ largest arts festival in the world ] ( https://www.edfringe.com/ ) . 
  during august every year , edinburgh becomes one enormous hub of art , theatre , comedy and music in which anyone from anywhere in the world can come to edinburgh and perform any show they like for the month . 
  the city goes absolutely * mental * , but the great thing is that there are * hundreds * of shows going on at any one time ranging from one man stand up comedy to shakespeare to circus stunt troupes . 
  there will absolutely be shows that your boys will love !, 
  all sorts of venues spring up - the one i used to work at is called underbelly , which is now mostly know for the [ enormous upside down purple cow ] ( http://www.true-london.com/wp-content/uploads/udderbelly_pasture_full_size.jpg ) that turns up in bristo square and has all sorts of shows performed in . 
  the big four venues with the biggest acts are assembly , the pleasance , underbelly , and gilded balloon , but other good names to look out for are zoo venues , sweet and c venues . 
  as well as the paying shows you also have the free festival running alongside which is growing more and more and gives you free shows to see if you prefer . 
  the population somewhere around doubles in edinburgh for august , and you have to take a wander up the royal mile just for the experience of more street performers than you can shake a stick at . 
  it 's an intense , amazingly fun experience , and a core fringe tradition is just to grab a hold of the festival programme from any of the main fringe hubs ( there 's one on the mile ) , pick a show and go see it . 
  or go into the box office of any venue and go see the next show that 's about to be on that you like the sound of . 
  the best time to see shows is in the first week before the reviews start coming out , because you might just run across a goldmine that ends up selling out in week 2 and stays that way for the rest of the month . 
  really , you 're going to love it !, 
  ugggghhhhghghh that sounds * horrible * . 
  wow , way to assume you know absolutely everything about someone else 's relationship . 
  also , assuming someone elses boyfriend is a consummate liar without a single shred of evidence except for your over-generalised assumptions is supremely , stunningly classy . 
  really . 
  i have you tagged as ` clever person ' and this answer is why . 
  nailed it . 
  basically all of them . 
  i 've got one very good friend who i spoke to two weeks ago for the first time in almost a year , and she lives across the country from me . 
  we picked up exactly where we 'd left off and talked for a good hour pretty much without stopping . 
  another one is an actor and has been out on tour for a few months , so i do n't think i 've seen or spoken to her since march . 
  another one i last talked to about a month ago . 
  i ca n't imagine being worried about hurt feelings with any of them . 
  if any of them argue , just * stay out of it * . 
  really . 
  you 'll potentially have all three ladies complaining about each other at the same time , but just nod , smile , and let them get on with it . 
  when i lived with two other girls at uni , our very wise male friend just kept well out of the way during our inevitable arguments . 
  on that note , we 'll quite happily moan about each other and the stupid things the other person has done until the cows come home . 
  does n't mean we 're any less of a friend to each other . 
  again , do n't get mixed up in it - just listen , commiserate and then leave well alone . 
  paracetamol , cadburys chocolate , sleep . 
  ( i.e. 
  ; 1600-1700 in england ) there was just so much going on , and the fashions were amazing . 
  alternatively i just adore the regency period and have been steadily becoming more and more interested in the georgians for the last few years . 
  not had one . 
  if i became pregnant now i 'd certainly keep it , but i 'm 100 % pro-choice . 
  it 's a woman 's right to choose what happens to her body . 
  i 'm also pro safe sex education for every age , especially pre-teens . 
  knowing how to have sex responsibly is so important when it comes to discussing abortion and unwanted pregnancies . 
  for me , pro-choice simply means i think the option should be available to have an abortion , no matter the circumstances . 
  being pro-choice does n't mean that i would pick an abortion every time , and being pro-choice and child free are two very different things . 
  personally i wo n't date anyone who smokes . 
  i do n't smoke myself , either tobacco or weed , and thoroughly dislike the smell and weed culture . 
  comparisons with drinking also do n't work for me , because i 'm british so i 'm quite used to pub culture and having a swift pint to relax after a working day . 
  weed is a dealbreaker for me . 
  sort of . 
  i 've been quite productively single the last few years and i 'm a happily independent woman , but relationships still evade me . 
  you can see where the line of logic comes from ( not moping about relationships means you 're more confident , confidence is attractive to confidence etc etc ) but it 's not really true at all in my case . 
  i like sci fi or action best , so my favourites are inception , casino royale , bourne supremacy , gladiator , iron man 3 , star trek ( reboot ) . 
  yes to kiss kiss bang bang . 
  i just loved the humour in it - it 's a great series for not taking itself too seriously . 
  i thought the script was sharpest in this one , and the twist with the mandarin was perfect . 
  im1 was great , but im3 feels like one i 'll watch a lot more when it 's on dvd . 
  i think men care far too much about whether people think the things they do , wear or like are ` girly ' . 
  like what you like , seriously . 
  if you prefer glee to gold rush diggers or whatever non history programme the history channel is peddling lately , then by all means stick it on . 
  i could not care less . 
  no , no and no . 
  i used to be , and now it just pisses me off . 
  lately i went on three pretty good dates with a lovely guy , but he 's not answered a text of mine or invited me anywhere in over a week . 
  screw him and the ` slow fade out ' - i 'll find someone who * does * want to put some effort in instead . 
  oh the whole ` manly ' argument is so stupid , anyway . 
  if a woman likes a big beefy muscly man , then props to her , but telling him he 's somehow less manly for liking the colour pink or whatever is just ridiculous . 
  i 'd stick with the girls who love that you like ` girly ' stuff and keep walking by the ones that do n't . 
  the endless adverts for medicines and drugs , especially all of the disclaimers at the end about how they 're potentially going to kill you . 
  it 's just bizarre . 
  also , grape juice . 
  wtf . 
  grapes are for wine , blackcurrant is for juice . 
  get it right , america . 
  it definitely does . 
  there is one particular dog in my breed who has won the most best of breeds and best in shows for the last couple of years , and he 's not only a gorgeous example of the breed , but he absolutely shows off in the ring at the same time . 
  dogs are judged and placed based on how well they match their ` breed standard ' , which defines everything from the colour of their coat to how the skull should be shaped to how they move . 
  adding to that if you have a dog with a big personality who loves to show themselves off to the judge , then you 're in for a much better chance of getting the winning ticket . 
  i have n't actually heard any discussion about them around the ring at all - all of the different areas of dog work like heelwork to music , agility and obedience are so seperate that they never seem to overlap . 
  for my personal opinion i 've seen videos of ashleigh doing agility with other dogs and working with various groups , so i quite like her . 
  i think she 's trying to do a lot to promote healthy dogs and good ownership , which can only be a good thing . 
  in her breed ? 
  we have n't had any majorly bad experiences yet - for the most part henry ( my dog ) has been quite well behaved !, 
  i think the first few shows were the worst for me , just because i was so nervous and he played me up a lot in the ring ( wriggling when he was supposed to be staying still , things like that ) . 
  show experience wise , the worst was the first championship show we went to where henry behaved perfectly and showed really well , but the judge only placed examples of other colours you get in the breed . 
  that was disappointing . 
  you have to pay to enter shows , and it just adds up , basically . 
  different levels of shows cost different amounts . 
  for example , to enter the bath show we had to pay # 25 to enter in the first class , # 8 for every other subsequent class , # 5 for a catalogue which gives you the listings of entrants in each class and then i think it was # 3 car parking . 
  we also had to stay in a hotel overnight because bath is across the country from me , which was # 60 plus a pet deposit of # 20 , then the cost of petrol to drive there . 
  we groomed henry ourselves this time , but the professional groomer we otherwise use charges # 25 . 
  we 'll do one , maybe two shows a month . 
  the show world is incredibly sociable and chatty , and everyone else in my breed has been nothing but lovely the whole time . 
  you get to spend the whole day around gorgeous examples of your favourite breed of dog and make a fuss of them as much as you like . 
  i also quite like the travelling aspect of it and seeing different parts of the country all the time . 
  i think like everything in the world there are certain people that can take things much too far . 
  i do n't like the slanted backs either - i think the back legs look awful , and i do kind of agree with the campaign that 's now started to seperately classify the gsps from alsatians who have straight backs . 
  like everything though , people are breeding for the buyers - if people want snug-nosed pugs , then unscrupulous breeders will breed snug-nosed pugs who ca n't breathe . 
  i think it 's so so important to buy your dog through the proper channels and the right breeders who are hopefully trying to keep to a healthy breed standard .
