  so who knows what and when it will happen ? 
  i would think so , yes . 
  nothing is changing straight away . 
  the official part of eu legislation that starts the exit procedure for a member state . 
  the referendums has n't officially triggered anything . 
  it 's just a big opinion poll . 
  the official negotiation paperwork has n't started yet . 
  why do you think we 're the ones writing the trade deals ? 
  the eu is not going to agree to the terms that we want . 
  they 're holding us up as an example to others for a reason * not * to leave . 
  the deals we want are not the deals we are going to get . 
  the big supermarkets ( sainsburys , asda , tesco ) are normally pretty good for bedding and house goods . 
  i find dun elm and the range are both cheaper than argos for most things , especially when you rummage in dun elm 's reduced aisle . 
  i actually got my double duvet and pillows pretty cheaply at next too , and they 're usually pricier . 
  their sales mean you get some nice stuff at much more decent prices . 
  wildly possessive and insecure . 
  i hate pda as it is , but doing it deliberately in front of certain people is just immature and * incredibly * awkward . 
  it 's * incredibly * sweet of you to want to step in , but man op . 
  you 're only 16 . 
  you have * no idea * how hard ( and expensive ! ), 
  a baby will be for allie , and how life changing this is going to be . 
  i 'm going to be callous , but you need to think of your own life and where you want to end up . 
  please do n't tie yourself into fatherhood because of a friend 's bad mistake . 
  she had one pregnancy scare already . 
  surely you saw this writing on the wall if she was n't having protected sex ? 
  be a support . 
  be a friend . 
  do n't be a father when you do n't need to be . 
  you 're * way * too young for all of this . 
  you * would * shave your legs ( once ? ), 
  if she nagged you , right ? 
  or you 'd shave every day ? 
  i mean , it 's only fair right ? 
  if she has to get rid of her body hair every single day for your whole relationship , so do you . 
  alternatively , back off . 
  it 's her body and she can do what she likes with it . 
  she 's under no obligation to shave every day , and you 're under no obligation to stay with someone who prefers not to be plucked and preened every day of their lives . 
  why do you already have a pet together ?? 
  ninety days is not a pet-owning timeframe !, 
  there seems to be more and more evidence turning up that there was zero government planning in case of a leave result . 
  so sure , let 's have a second one with actual information for the public on the direction for the country if it 's a definite leave , because right now we 're in limbo and no-one knows what the hell is going on . 
  he lied to protect * you * ? 
  what utter bullcrap . 
  you had to ask him * eight times * if he had sent private pictures without your permission to another woman . 
  he lied to protect himself . 
  it does n't matter whether it would have been cool with you or not , he totally overstepped his boundaries and then refused to tell you the truth . 
  delete * all * photos of you from his stuff op , and then break up with him . 
  this guy is not worth your time . 
  they 'll most likely be led bands that are radio controlled by the lighting technicians with pre-programmed sequences . 
  coldplay like to use them a lot - the last superbowl halftime show was another great example . 
  they might well do . 
  there are several examples of referendums being re-run or outright ignored in europe ( inc ireland ) over the last twenty years , so i 'm not convinced by the riots-in-the-streets arguments . 
  anyway , if it is october by the time the new tory successor steps up it 'll be raining and we tend not to riot in the rain . 
  a large chunk of the country also wants to stay . 
  it was a 52/48 split , do n't forget . 
  that 's absolutely a win , but its not an overwhelming majority . 
  and the government do n't * have * to do anything . 
  honestly , no one knows how this is all going to turn out , but our main political parties are all having major internal ruptures right now . 
  nothings going to be decided until parliament calms down . 
  bucky barnes/winter soldier . 
  apart from sebastian being an amazing actor , i love how bucky is constantly trying to redeem himself as a good man . 
  he * tries * , and it 's so sad . 
  also , peter quill is great fun to watch . 
  he 's the perfect super-charming , dashing rogue thief character . 
  * the causeway * and the end credits music for tws ( i forget the title of the track ) , * black tears * from gotg , the * ant-man * theme and * caps promise * from civil war . 
  i 'm like a 30g right now and it winds me up something chronic . 
  i 'd like to save up and get a reduction in a few years . 
  do n't beat yourself up , op . 
  you definitely did the right thing , in all cases . 
  i * totally * understand steve prioritising his daughter , but he also prioritised work over developing something with you . 
  you were bottom of his list , and you should n't make someone a priority who makes you an option . 
  follow up those four missing responses with a phone call , just in case . 
  i 'm assuming you addressed all those emails/letters to a person in the company rather than just sir/madam ? 
  keep contacting companies a little further out , but phone them first , get a name and * then * send a letter/email . 
  a name goes much further . 
  unpaid work is surprisingly difficult to get , but just keep plugging away . 
  someone will offer it to you eventually !, 
  do you have any family/friends you can hit up for networking contacts at all ? 
  well , if and when you get divorced you will have the pick of single ladies to cop off with if you so choose . 
  right now , you 're married , and that means you should n't cheat on your wife . 
  the track for this scene is called the causeway on the ws soundtrack . 
  i 'm not sure about the lift sequence one . 
  he is abusing you * right now * . 
  just because he does n't hit you does not make everything else a-okay . 
  he is controlling , possessive and * abusive * . 
  you should n't have to put up with this op . 
  what would you tell your best friend who told you that they had to get their outfit pre-approved by their boyfriend every single day ? 
  if i talk about problems with my friends i do n't want a solution . 
  i just want to get it off my chest and complain about something , or have someone agree with me . 
  i 'm not looking for a solution , just an open ear . 
  just try * listening * to her and ask more questions , or agree with her sometimes . 
  it does help !, 
  first of all , you * accept responsibility * instead of saying ` oh , they 're being typical overprotective mothers ' . 
  no shit they 're being overprotective , he ended up with two broken fingers !, 
  you prioritised * having sex * over babysitting your nephew like you were supposed to !, 
  you clearly * do n't * realise that it was a stupid thing to do , because you show absolutely zero remorse over any of this . 
  grovel to your sister . 
  say sorry and * keep * saying sorry . 
  but , to be perfectly honest i think you deserve all of this and more . 
  you acted like an irresponsible little boy , and a child ended up seriously hurt .
