  it 's not mean , honest , it 's just the whole ` not taking yourself seriously ' thing . 
  you 'll have an amazing time , though . 
  whereabouts are you going to be studying ? 
  * constant * cold and overcast , though ? 
  as in five months of cold with one month of mild warmth ( absolute max 25-30c in scotland ) followed by five months of cold and rain again ? 
  i think you 'll be a bit surprised how much you might miss some of those warmer temperatures after a few months in 12c scotland . 
  i 'm only from essex and i still missed being warm when i lived up there . 
  i 'm 5 ' 8 '' , and i used to hate it when i was younger too . 
  i always wanted to hide more instead of loft over everyone . 
  now i like it well enough - i wear heels without thinking about it and i like how long my legs are . 
  crazies have always been crazy . 
  the internet just means they can shout a little louder now , is all . 
   honestly i 'm thinking about proposing to amy . 
  now that i realized how much she means to me . 
  no , you 're panicking and have decided to propose to her to make you feel less guilty , and to try and hide anything tracy may say under the imminent jubilant celebrations . 
  and do you honestly , * honestly * think you sticking a ring on amy 's finger will stop tracy from talking to her ? 
  seriously ? 
  you 're a total fool . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  grow the fuck up and stop thinking you can just sweep things under the carpet . 
  amy will find out some day , that is guaranteed , and what do you think she 'll do if it 's two , five , ten years down the line ? 
  just say ` oh , okay then , it was ages ago ? ' . 
  this has nothing to do with you protecting amy and everything to do with you trying to save your own skin . 
  you need to * tell her * , because that 's the only way you 're going to have even a shred of forgiveness here . 
   i have every right to tell her who she can and ca n't tell . 
  you do n't . 
  you can * ask * her to keep it a secret , but you ca n't * make * her stay silent . 
  it is not your ` right ' to stop bad things coming out about you , especially when they are the truth . 
  it 's always hard because you want to be nice , but he 's obviously not getting the message that you 're not that interested . 
  i had the same situation a couple of weeks ago , and in the end i just sent a message back saying `` really sorry , but do you think we could just keep things as friends ? 
  i just do n't think the spark is there for me to take things further . '', 
  be polite , but straightforward . 
  he 's a grown up too , he 'll be okay . 
  if your girlfriend is adult enough to pull her knickers down to have sex , she is adult enough to pull them up and get herself a pregnancy test without sticking her head in the sand and waiting for her boyfriend to get it for her . 
  the earlier she knows for definite , the earlier she can deal with it properly , whether that 's abortion or pre-natal doctors appointments . 
  she * needs * to be adult about this , because if she is pregnant then she ca n't be the scared little girl any more . 
  what birth control have you been using ? 
  so use a random password generator ( [ oh look , i found one ] ( https://www.random.org/passwords/ ) ) which she ca n't guess . 
  stop being so damn difficult about something so easy . 
  well , i 'd argue that one person ca n't possibly know everything there is to know about sex , and ca n't possibly know everything there is to know about you . 
  surely , by rejecting these other guys purely on the basis of experience , you 're closing yourself off to discovering new things about sex , about them and about yourself ? 
  experience is n't the be all and end all of sex , and knowing the kama sutra back to front does n't make you good at sex either . 
  * communication * is the key to a good sex life , and the willingness to explore . 
  honestly , you do n't have to sleep with anyone if you do n't want to , but putting yourself up on a lofty horse just because one guy showed you some good times and staring everyone else down is just closing yourself off to what could be a really good , really educational experience with someone who 's just that little bit different . 
  mostly my books are history textbooks right now , but when i let myself read for fun it 's almost always fantasy fiction , with historical fiction and non fiction thrown in occasionally . 
  my favourite authors are robin hobb ( new fitz & fool trilogy in august omggg ) , brandon sanderson , jk rowling , terry pratchett , tolkien , and karen miller . 
  right now i 've got a pile of six ( ! ), 
  books on my bedside table and another two or three on the go on my kindle . 
  i read ... quite a lot . 
  oooh ooh then read warbreaker before you go on to the stormlight archive !, 
  sanderson is soooo gooooood and you can really see how his writing develops on from mistborn . 
  well , it does n't hugely matter what order you read them in , and they 're all good !, 
  alloy of law is a great follow on to mistborn , and i 'd say either read warbreaker before you start stormlight archive or in between way of kings and words of radiance . 
  definitely read it before wor though . 
  i love sanderson , especially since he writes books as a break from writing novels , so there is new material * constantly * being released . 
  such a breath of fresh air from grrm dragging out asoiaf !, 
  stop :, 
  * coveting everyone elses life on facebook . 
  they 're just making it up anyway . 
  * eating because you * think * you 're hungry . 
  * being afraid to put yourself out there . 
  start :, 
  * drinking more water . 
  * moisturising every evening and morning, 
  * making an effort to see your grandparents . 
  one of mine has dementia , and i 'm really grateful that i 'm getting to see her every week while she 's still aware of stuff . 
  i re-read an in depth overview rather than the actual book and it really helped . 
  i have a feeling i may have missed out on a few crucial details but i 'm sure it will all come together in the end . 
  also , it might be good to read warbreaker if you have n't already done so before you dig into words of radiance . 
  not your business . 
  seriously , keep your nose out . 
  you snooped on what she 's been posting , and if you found something you do n't like then that 's your problem . 
  your friend already knows you do n't like her and ( rightly or wrongly ) is ignoring your advice . 
  he 'll do what he wants and you just have to live with that until things change . 
  but honestly , how does this really change things ? 
  he already knows she 's cheated on him and i assume he 's fully aware that she 's a nag and irresponsible . 
  i reckon if you * did * tell him she was thinking of breaking up , he 'd try even * harder * to keep her interested in the relationship , instead of what you want , which would be for him either to let her just do it or dump her first . 
  if he 's that uninterested in breaking up now , he 's going to be even less likely to if he thinks he 'll get dumped soon and can somehow avoid it . 
  just keep quiet , let her come to her own conclusions about the relationship , and be a support for your friend if and when she decides to move on . 
  if you want to talk about other authors , post about them . 
  do n't just wait for other people to start the conversation , do it yourself !, 
  you ca n't complain that no one ever talks about them when you do n't make an effort to talk about them yourself . 
  and yes , sanderson et al gets a lot of recommendations , but i always see loads of unfamiliar names in the rec threads too . 
  and then tawny man was even more heartbreaking !, 
  just when you think things get sad enough , hobb does a needlepoint stab at your heart . 
  i always thought i could get easter eggs for like # 1.50 in the run up to easter , but they 're all # 3.50 at the co op and i do n't want to pay that much for yummy hollow chocolate . 
  get her to try powder mineral foundation - it 's what i use on my super sensitive acne-prone skin and it 's * wonderful * . 
  does n't clog the skin and covers like a charm . 
  i care about some sports . 
  i love watching gymnastics , synchronised swimming and equestrian sports mostly and i like going to local horse trial days to watch the jumping and cross country . 
  football bores me to tears and i have no idea what is even happening in american football . 
  rugby is much better to watch . 
  my dad has golf on a lot of the time , and sometimes i appreciate it and sometimes i do n't . 
  wimbledon tennis is quite fun but i never watch any other matches . 
  i do n't believe in soulmates as to me it 's a ridiculous concept . 
  there are six billion people on the planet right now , how can only one of them be the right person for you ? 
  what if that person lives in australia while you live in america ? 
  or china if you live in france ? 
  what if your one true soulmate actually lived a hundred years ago ? 
  what if they lived a hundred years in the future ?
