  if emily was being cruel about nick , you should have gone to her and told her to stop spreading rumours . 
  you should n't have blown up a stupid facebook argument ( which no one ever wins on , by the way ) , you should n't have prodded the hornets nest that was a stupid tinder message , and you should have come clean with emily . 
  all of this could have been avoided . 
  play the martyr ? 
  * you * were the one who told him to send the ` white supremacist ' message in the first place !, 
  becky was playing the child with the first tinder message , but you could have just left it alone . 
  you knew what she was trying to do , you knew she would n't find it funny , and you could n't just be the adult in the situation and ignore it . 
  learn your lesson for next time op , and find some better friends while you 're at it . 
  about two years before i feel like i need/want to upgrade . 
  i 'll fully admit i 'm picky about my phone , but that 's because i use it constantly . 
  so you never put your elbows or arms on a table then ... ? 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  keep busy !, 
  it 's the times when you 're sat around thinking too much that you get homesick , but if you find a good group of friends and give yourself lots to do in your new location then it 's much easier . 
  go exploring , take advantage of being in a new country and make yourself push your own boundaries . 
  have an amazing time !, 
  oh my god , your * ego * . 
  she probably could not have cared less that you existed . 
  she knew you were creeping on her boobs . 
  she interacted with her boyfriend . 
  they were writing notes because they were in a * library * where you need to be * quiet * . 
  there is seriously no need to make this insignificant encounter all about you . 
  why do you * care * ? 
  this was twenty four hours ago . 
  you saw a cute girl and stared at her boobs . 
  that was it . 
  nothing else happened . 
  let it * go * . 
  i ca n't believe you 've gone so far as to make a whole reddit post about an insignificant encounter with a girl younger than you who probably spared no more than two seconds thought about you . 
  cockiness . 
  i love confident , self assured guys but it 's a * very * fine line between witty , cocky confidence and someone being a total tool . 
  i guess it depends on what context it 's in . 
  if i said `` oh he 's such a charmer '' it would be negative . 
  if we were on a date and i said `` you 're really charming , you know ? '', 
  it would be a positive . 
  getting out of a car with a skirt on . 
  i always do my best kate middleton princess ankles-together lift and turn maneuvre . 
  also lifting my ( bloody lazy ) dog up into the car with a skirt on is oddly complex . 
  oh , and if i 'm wearing a scarf to eat a meal i always take it off , otherwise i turn into a five year old with a deep desire to dribble every bit of food down myself . 
  because there was n't another chair and she was wearing heels ? 
  the boyfriend was standing . 
  the brother was sitting . 
  that is n't hard to understand . 
   he says that in general i should act less slutty with my brother . 
  tell him to cut that shit out right there . 
  calling you slutty is not acceptable in the first place . 
  calling you slutty because you sat for * two minutes * on your brother is totally deranged . 
  i love good table manners . 
  i was out at a birthday brunch with a group of friends at the weekend , and we all automatically waited to eat until the last person had been brought their food . 
  i just thought it was really nice to see !, 
  i think you can miss out on a lot through inactivity , sure . 
  life does n't just happen - you have to go out there and find out . 
  life is n't going to book plane tickets for you , or chuck theatre tickets into your lap or have a great new friend just turn up on your doorstep . 
  i really love how my life has turned out so far and i 've done a shitload of stuff , but only about 10 % of that was through invitations extended to me . 
  the rest of it i 've had to achieve myself . 
  i 've travelled loads , but that was because i booked it myself . 
  i got to work on a cruise ship but that was because i applied to agencies for jobs . 
  i 've done the edinburgh fringe for six years and got some amazing stories out of it , but that was because i was cheeky and asked for a job at the right time . 
  in the end , being laid back is one thing . 
  being inactive rather than proactive is totally another . 
  i think if you just let it slide by then yeah , you 'll regret missing out on so much more . 
  i think we get an awful lot of messages shoved at us about what we should be doing and how we should be living , but i figure i 'm just skewing the norm . 
  i do my own thing and do what feels right for me rather than what other people might think * should * be right . 
  as far as feminism goes , i think that if you believe women should be able to access everything men can , then you 're a feminist . 
  you can be a feminist who prefers working , or a feminist who prefers staying at home to raise a family , and either one is totally cool . 
  i 'd possibly guess that if you do n't care about kids or marriage , then you 're not a traditional roles type of person , but that 's just a guess !, 
  i also think making friends gets harder as you get older , but as long as you 're sociable with some people and have someone to go and hang out with on occasions , then you 've got that box ticked . 
  hahaha no . 
  it 's not my fault if their masculinity is so delicate that me paying for something can destroy all of their male security . 
  i wo n't stomp all over people 's feelings , but i wo n't play the delicate flower just to make either people feel better , either . 
  totally fair enough !, 
  values change and alter through our whole lives too , so it 's good that you 're reconsidering your opinions for what you really do believe rather than what you think you believe . 
  the only one i might query is your household breadwinner/homemaker one . 
  it 's really hard for households now just to live on one wage , and although i definitely think that the person who works less should take up more chores , i would n't go so far as to say one should do the money and one should do the house . 
  does that make sense ? 
  green & blacks , especially their butterscotch flavour . 
  hnnggghhh . 
  it 's understandable , but why not look at other options like a copper iud or even rediscussing your pill with your gp ? 
  you might well be able to find a pill with less side effects , or one that you can stack so that you do n't have to worry about managing your period . 
   then why would wearing makeup if you are already pretty make yourself feel better ? 
  you 're assuming people always feel pretty with a bare face . 
  i do n't . 
  my skin has flared up pretty consistently with spots ever since i was 13 , and i 'm thirty now . 
  makeup covers that up , gives me an even skin tone without red spots peeking out and makes me look more awake . 
  it 's actually makes me feel like i draw * less * attention to myself by having makeup on , because my bad skin is n't catching peoples eyes . 
  no matter * how * pretty other people think a person is , i bet you they 've got insecurities . 
  thank the modern media for that one . 
  it might be on visible pores , it might be on redness , it might be on a spot peeking out , or it might just be that they did n't sleep well the night before and have some bags under the eyes going on . 
  makeup helps conceal all of those , or enhance the nice stuff , and it 's just a nice little confidence boost to manage the day . 
  i do n't tend to like sharing lifts on the first couple of lifts . 
  if we do ( if i drive him back round to the car park he 's in or to the train station or something ) then i want to be the one driving , and it would be weird for a guy to open my own driver door . 
  so , no , i do n't like it at all . 
  when people on the internet were ** wrong ** in / r/relationships . 
  righteous anger is great for racking up the karma . 
  what , surprise tooliness ? 
  yes , it 's a pain in the neck is n't it ? 
  i think if you 're self-regulating to wonder about being a tool then you 're probably not . 
  what , like a fun myers-briggs test to see what we both are ? 
  sure , sounds like a laugh . 
  if , however , he 's being at all serious about this test , then i 'd be really weirded out .
