  you ca n't honestly do it all in one book . 
  simon schama has a 3 part series called * history of britain * which is worth a look at to give a general overview . 
  his first volume is 3000bc - 1603 ad , volume 2 is 1603 - 1770 and volume 3 is 1776 - 2000 . 
  david starkey also has a book called * crown and country * which should give you a nice understanding of our wonderfully backstabbing monarchy . 
  for fun things , watch some horrible histories videos - they are made for kids , but they 're great , and get into the muckier side of history . 
  in porn videos , maybe . 
  in real life ? 
  doubtful . 
  do you have any idea how * sore * she would get ? 
  it 's making me cringe just thinking about it . 
  i was working at the edinburgh fringe festival and needed a book to read between teching shows . 
  i picked up aa on a whim , and within a week had read all three farseer books . 
  never looked back . 
  our local ones turn off at midnight . 
  it 's so stupid , we 're a small village and there are always people walking back from the three local pubs after 12 . 
  someone is going to end up hit by a car one night , it 's so black . 
  i 've done first and second year study for a history degree with them , and i 've just got everything through for my 3rd year courses . 
  they 're very good and very supportive , but you have to be proactive about making time to study . 
  definitely go for it , though !, 
  lots of different things . 
  caring , kindness and support are the first words that come to me , but love covers so many spectrums . 
  family love , sexual love , platonic love , love for pets , the initial passionate rush of love for a new relationship and the steady , nurturing love of long time partners . 
  it 's all sorts of things . 
  have you looked at the open university ? 
  they 're very good , the tuition fees are a little lower than brick unis ( around # 2500 a module ) and you do n't need any prior requirements to get it . 
  you can also use the ou ousba system to pay the fees in small amounts throughout your module , rather than in a chunk all at once . 
  one helpful bonus might be that you can credit transfer from your previous leeds study towards your ou study , so it * might * be that you could use the credit from your leeds course to skip first year ou study , and then get student loans for your second and third year . 
  it 's worth a look anyway , and it 's what i did . 
  it cost me # 40 for them to analyse my student transcript from my first degree , but it 's saved me # 2500 in module fees , so it 's definitely worth it . 
  we 've had a few questions about the ou in here , so there might be some more replies popping up in search to help you out , but the general summary is that ou degrees are well regarded by employers . 
  it shows you can work independently , have good time management and determination to do the study off your own back . 
  i 'm doing my ou degree full time whilst also working full time , and you 'd better believe it 's not easy . 
  first year is a bit easier because it 's getting everyone up to the same speed , but you can not do second and third year study half heartedly . 
  my second year courses were * hard * , and employers do recognise the dedication ou study takes . 
  do some googling - i think you 'll be surprised . 
  do n't rule a transfer out - if they can find any common link , they will give it to you . 
  my first degree was a vocational degree in theatre production , my ou degree is a ba ( hons ) in history . 
  i got enough credits allocated to skip one first year module , and i could have got more if i 'd opened up my degree title more . 
  with the ou you can be very specific about your degree title down to history , english etc , or you can open it wide to do an open degree where you can pick and choose any combination of modules you like . 
  the only thing i would say is that if you want to switch to something like computing , i 've heard the ou is n't as good with their courses because they do n't have the flexibility to keep up with tech developments like other brick unis with research units do . 
  just something to bear in mind . 
  christmas cake !, 
  i 've heard americans do n't actually have cake at all . 
  bring out all the desserts !, 
  i 'm english . 
  i lived and worked in edinburgh for five years ( plus multiple years working at the fringe ) , have friends up there and dearly want to move back one day . 
  i also want to train as a teacher in the next two years , and though i would love to train in scotland and give my money to scotland , i 'm concerned that any potential move of scotland away from the uk means that switching between living and working in scotland and england would become too difficult . 
  the problem is , no one actually knows what would happen with an independant scotland . 
  salmond is very good at orating and getting his message across , and the yes campaign are clearly incredibly passionate ( nb . 
  i am * so sick * of my facebook feed right now ) , but for all of the promises and assurances being made about the currency and nhs and debt , you do n't actually * know * that what they say is going to happen . 
  no one does . 
  there are zero assurances about the currency . 
  there are zero assurances about oil , or businesses moving or costs going up , or student loans or eu membership , or the bbc or royal properties or * anything * . 
  there are no verifiable facts to base a decision on , and too many opinions to find a neutral source . 
  sure , scotland can handle its own mistakes and could end up doing quite profitably . 
  it has plenty of great resources to draw on . 
  at the same time , it could seperate , be lumped with all sorts of debt and taxes from westminster ( because the divorce is * not * going to give scotland everything it wants ) , and could end up in a recession spiral all over again for the next five years . 
  you just do n't know . 
  and that 's what scares me about the yes camp . 
  being grassroots is all well and good , but look , i 'm the person you want to move to your country in the future - i love scotland , i 'm only late twenties , i want to live there again and pay money into your economy for years and years - and right now i would rather train and work in england , because there are * no * assurances about what will happen to your country after next week . 
  i want scotland to stay part of the union and get their devo max , so they can have the best of both worlds . 
  i do n't want a great little country to make a huge decision on two loud mouthed camps who have all of the opinions and none of the facts . 
   we 'll be keeping the pound despite all of the scaremongering , due to both countries being in a union before the pound even came to existence, 
  historic precedent * does not give * economic guarantees . 
  i 'm english - why should we allow you to keep our currency if you want to move away ? 
  what if the independent scottish economy divebombs and takes the english pound with it ? 
  why should we allow that ? 
  you ** can not ** guarantee what you 're going to get out of a yes vote , and you 're mad if you think holyrood is going to dictate the divorce terms to westminster . 
  you know , i think you probably will be . 
  if you go it alone , it 'll probably end up working itself out one way or another . 
  i just think it 's going to be a shitload more difficult than salmond or yes are talking about , and you 're not going to end up with half the stuff they 're promising , like currency , or free student loans . 
  but hey , i would love to move back up to edinburgh some day and pay into your coffers , if it ever gets sorted out . 
  battered sausage and chips with some of those dinky hellmans mayonnaise packets . 
  plenty of salt and vinegar , of course . 
  i 've always found it incredibly unfair that as women , we seem to be given a window of around 12 years ( 21 to early 30s ) in which to go to uni , get a degree , move out , get a great job , get a house , find your perfect partner , get married and start popping out babies . 
  like , what the hell ? 
  it 's not enough !, 
  plus , even if you only do half of that , it 's just not good enough . 
  married but no job ? 
  clearly just sat at home all day . 
  job and house but no family ? 
  what a cold , dry spinster . 
  it 's not fair . 
  soft snuggly jumpers , jewel coloured pea coats and lots and lots of gorgeous boots in the shops !, 
  i looooooove autumn fashion . 
  i was hoping to go back to scotland next year to train as a teacher ( i lived in edinburgh for five years ) , but if the yes vote goes through i wo n't risk it . 
  i 'd rather train and be qualified to teach in england alone than just scotland , and like everything , no one knows how things are really going to end up . 
  i pull at the back of my hair and twirl it round my fingers , which dries it out and makes my scalp itchy , which makes me pull at it more . 
  i 'm my own worst habit . 
  it 's not the degree , it 's the actual educational qualification . 
  i 'm sure i 'm over worrying and it 's fine , but when i 'm about to change my career , i think it 's worth five minutes consideration about whether a pgde from a scottish university is still going to be accepted by the english education system . 
  you already have to register seperately to teach in scotland if you trained in england . 
  i 'll be applying for a pgce this year too , and all the advice i 'm seeing from unis says they 're looking for the very minimum of 5-10 days experience . 
  i think a fortnight will be a good base line to work for , and anything else is a bonus . 
  i did one day a week for a year in a local secondary , and i 'm hoping that 'll be good enough . 
  `` wow , she 's pretty . 
  where did she get her dress ? 
  god , i wish my hair was as shiny as that . 
  it 's so bouncy !, 
  her boobs look really good in that .
