  where on earth in london are there tame stags wandering around ? 
  my dog henry is a funny thing but i love him ridiculous amounts . 
  whenever you come home he comes up to you with a towel and you have to praise him for bringing you a present . 
  you do n't even have to play with him , just say thank you and he gets all happy and wiggly . 
  he 's so cheeky too - he knows full well he 's not allowed on the sofa , but if you 're out the room he 'll take that chance and jump right up for a cosy few minutes . 
  [ i always do  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mt1ph6x.jpg ), 
  it was a splurge weekend for me and i bought several new things that i needed ( new phone , ankle boots , primer , one early christmas present ) . 
  saw a good friend as well who i have n't seen in a few months . 
  good : new things yay !, 
  bad : oops spent a lot of money . 
  i watch bbc news , read the guardian online and browse silly american politics stuff on reddit . 
  i 'd like to make time to read the times , just to balance things out a bit , but i never get around to it . 
  my first degree was theatre production and my second degree was history . 
  i 've always worked and i 've never been shamed for it - actually , most people have been interested to know why i do n't still work in theatre . 
  it 's allowed me to travel the world , and now i 'm in a great teaching job at a school i love . 
  the marvel fandom is on point with fics !, 
  i particularly love steve/bucky fiction - some of it is completely amazing . 
  i went to queen margaret a few years ago for a degree that they now do n't do any more . 
  that 's a real sore point for me as our graduate employment rate was excellent and had a great reputation , so my knowledge of them is quite biased by that fact . 
  it was * okay * . 
  the campus has now moved outside edinburgh to an external campus at musselburgh , so you wo n't get the benefits of being in the city that you might get at edinburgh , herriot-watt , or napier . 
  i found that the senior uni leadership did n't listen to us as students , but the networking opportunity i got during my own degree was excellent . 
  if you can , i would go and visit the uni . 
  flights to edinburgh are usually pretty cheap and the campus is a short train ride from the city . 
  students there will be able to give you a much better view of the course , and edinburgh is truly a gorgeous place to spend a weekend away . 
  i 've grown up with english setters so they 're absolutely my favourite breed and i 'll always own at least one . 
  they 're not really a first time owner breed though !, 
  they 've got wonderful temperaments , but can be incredibly naughty and pushy about getting what they want . 
  labradors are wonderful , or spaniels - really , i think anything in the gundog group suits most people perfectly . 
  i love being a secondary teacher , but my * god * , all the fucking questions that kids ask . 
  i 'm not talking interesting historical questions that i 'll answer any time . 
  i 'm talking ; `` miss , i have three lines left , should i start a new page ? 
  miss , you said underline , can i use a highlighter ? 
  miss , what 's the date ? 
  ( it 's on the board ) miss , what 's the title ? 
  ( it 's on the board ) miss , what 's the title ? '', 
  ( it 's on the sodding board !! ), 
  barbeques are great and grilled meat is the best . 
  your friend is weird ( and wrong ) . 
  steve rogers for the dorito shape alone . 
  i would say bucky barnes , but let 's be honest - soviet baggage is too much baggage . 
  natasha romanoff , however ... 
  i use birth control . 
  regulating my hormones is really the only thing that 's ever worked for me . 
  that was * great * . 
  loved all the effects - it was ant-man dialed up to eleven and then some . 
  the humour was perfect , and benedict 's american accent was really really good !, 
  he was just the right side of likeable , but not * too * much so . 
  definitely a foil for tony stark to play off of - any scenes between those two in infinity war is going to be gold . 
  mikkelson 's eye makeup was * amazing * and he gets a really long close up where you can really admire all of the detail that went into it . 
  the costumes are just beautiful , and i ca n't wait to get the art of book to admire them in proper detail . 
  mordo is perfectly and his character arc moves very seamlessly . 
  really liked how they developed him right until the end credits scene . 
  the eye being the time stone is * perfect * , even if i did expect an infinity stone to turn up . 
  also , that mid credits scene was total gold . 
  some small niggles ( with big spoilers in ) :, 
  * i do n't think the ancient one 's final monologue was necessary . 
  it definitely felt like ` we 're paying tilda swinton , let 's use her as much as possible ' . 
  i get that they needed to explain why she was choosing to die but it went on for way too long . 
  * not enough wong . 
  you can see some of the criticism about whitewashing when they 're under using and under developing a great character like wong but giving swinton loads and loads of screen time . 
  * i kind of feel like strange jumped straight from ` inexperienced novice ' to ` super world saving sorceror ' way too quickly . 
  i get that the eye powers him up , but he 's getting pretty destroyed in the sanctum kaecilius fight , and then seems to figure everything out somehow in the new york fight before going to hong kong . 
  i just feel like it all happened too abruptly . 
  very worth the imax 3d ticket price and really really good !, 
  yes , definitely . 
  he 's still totally arrogant , and not likeable in the way that peter quill or scott lang is , but you still empathise with him and are rooting for him to win . 
  it helps that they have a ` muggle ' character in there , christine , who also sees strange as arrogant , but likes him despite that . 
  she 's really likeable , which helps us as an audience like him too . 
  yes to time travelling , but it 's not clear if that affects anything outside the location that they 're in . 
  i felt like that character accepted their death peacefully , and strange was n't attached enough to them to try to manipulate time and death and bring them back . 
  i 'm sure christine is off screen having a mild freakout somewhere . 
  or the chitauri attack just normalised new yorkers to constant weird shit going on everywhere . 
  doctor strange !, 
  i went to see it on a date on tuesday and it was great !, 
  ask her out for coffee . 
  no one woos unless they 're sims . 
  everyone dates . 
  you 're twenty nine years old for god 's sake . 
  ask her on a date . 
  do you then get the door slammed on your foot , by any chance ? 
  and how many dates was it before you two slept together , out of curiosity ? 
  you went to a bar with a girl friend . 
  you danced with that friend . 
  a guy came over and tried to flirt with you . 
  you shut it down and left . 
  you did * nothing * wrong , and it is a complete overreaction by your ex to accuse you of cheating and dump you . 
  also , the fact that he has had this hanging over your head for 5 months is hurtful and abusive . 
  call your best friend ( who should still be your best friend , by the way . 
  this was not her fault ) . 
  go back out to another bar . 
  enjoy an actual drink and fun night out without worrying about a controlling ex-boyfriend accusing you of something you did n't do . 
  you 're so much better off op !, 
  the ou is definitely an option !, 
  out of curiosity , what award was your first degree ? 
  i only ask because my first degree was scottish so it was a ba , and i wanted to get a ba ( hons ) with the ou . 
  that counted as a superior qualification to the ba , therefore i could get a second student loan for all three years of my study . 
  great loophole - i could n't have studied with them otherwise . 
  ou = open university . 
  just because he flirts with girls in fa does n't mean he 's straight .
