  op definitely needs to try a few half pints of good local cider like aspalls while he 's in the country , then . 
  i 'm single and not seeing anyone but i still take my pill every day . 
  one , because it was prescribed to me for my skin anyway , and two because you need to take it consistently to be protected . 
  yup , watched all ninety excruciating minutes of it . 
  poor brazil . 
  by thirty five minutes i just wanted the ref to call the end to the match and put them out of their misery . 
  i 'd say no chance in hell , and p.s. 
  is there something we should discuss about the way you see the relationship ? 
  bit random maybe , but i really * really * hate those ` girl in ( or not in ) a skirt bending over ' photos where you just see the thong and the little bumpy round bit where the vulva is . 
  do you know which one i mean ? 
  i just hate those . 
  it 's not attractive !, 
  vulva-through-knickers are not hot . 
  i do n't know who decided those kinds of photos are titillating , but they were wrong . 
  as someone who 's worked tech side on several fringes , it 's * amazing * how many people turn up in august with no idea that the festivals are going on . 
  you do wonder what they were thinking when they booked accommodation and saw the prices ... ? 
  [ henry cavill ] ( http://henrycavill.org/images/fanart/edits/immortals/henry-cavill-immortals-027.jpg ) , because [ linen shirts ] ( http://ohhellwhatthehell.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/henrycavillcb.jpg ) never looked so [ good ] ( http://www.mtv.com/movies/photos/c/cavill_henry_110131/05_henry_cavill.jpg ) . 
  as a 29 year old single english woman living temporarily with her parents ( money , retraining etc ) ;, 
  are you picking her up ? 
  i would normally arrange to meet a guy there , specifically so as to a ) avoid the parent scenario as my mum is * so nosy * , and b ) to avoid the wretched awkwardness that might follow being dropped off again after an awful date . 
  i 'm sure your date wo n't be awful , but it 's precautionary as ever . 
  i always offer to pay my half . 
  it depends on the girl as she might just assume you 'll pay . 
  i do n't know her , after all . 
  mostly i 'll offer my contribution to dinner , the guy will refuse and pull out his wallet , i 'll offer again ( out of politeness ) , he 'll turn my offer down a second time and then i 'll just thank him and let him pay . 
  that 's normally how it turns out , anyway . 
  sometimes i 'll offer and he 'll accept and we go halves . 
  i do n't mind either way as i always make sure i have enough on me to cover my portion . 
  i might buy drinks later on for him instead . 
  guys will often open doors for me , but pulling chairs out is a bit much . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  i can handle my own chair . 
  depends entirely on the date , sometimes i 've left with a kiss on the cheek , once or twice it 's turned into full on making out post-date . 
  play it by ear . 
  i 'd say go for nice trousers or jeans and a button up shirt rather than t-shirt . 
  i 'm not expecting a full suit and pubs are casual , but a little bit of effort is appreciated . 
  because manufacturers use cheap , cheap material which becomes transparent as soon as you put it on , like everything fucking else on shop floors these days . 
  dollars to doughnuts they 've bought them at primark for # 2 instead of next for # 15 , put them on , not checked in a mirror and walked out the door . 
  sad but true . 
  there 's a big variety of chews that are good abrasives . 
  my favourites for dogs are either stag bars or bull horns which you can get from pets at home , or the fish skin chews you can buy from [ fish4dogs ] ( http://www.fish4dogs.com/categories/dog-shop/treats.aspx ) . 
  the fish chews are smaller and smellier , and my setter loves them . 
  i tend to buy him bags of them when we go to dog shows for like # 3 . 
  sometimes i fix up dates because my mothers nagging gets on my nerves and i want to pacify her for a bit , and sometimes i do it because i want to , or think i should probably get round to it as it 's been a while . 
  i 'm not fussed about being single and i 'm happy to wait , but yeah , i guess sometimes i date because i should ` make an effort ' . 
  it does n't . 
  i do n't read anything into it at all . 
  if he agrees to split , then no problem with me , if he wants to pay my share i just assume he likes to treat his dates . 
  like i said , i bring enough to cover whatever i choose to eat , so i 'm not the slightest bit fussed either way . 
  my friends and i all pay our own way when we go out to eat , why should a date be any different ? 
  i 'd be a bit taken aback if he said `` are we splitting the cost ? '', 
  from when we first sat down - i 'd probably think he was penny pinching a bit . 
  i 'd expect him to suggest a split when the bills turns up instead . 
  i 'm liking high waisted more and more , the older i get . 
  i 'm more fussed about showing my bum if i bend/crouch , i hate tugging low riding jeans up all day , and i like the way high waists flatter my tummy and silhouette . 
  three set books on greek and roman myths for my next uni course in october . 
  i do n't drink much , but i do like to drink socially . 
  i 'm english , it 's a big part of our culture and i like the occasional afternoon with a couple of gin and tonics or long glasses of wine and a group of friends in a pub beer garden . 
  i 'd like an so to enjoy that too , but someone who just wants one or two beers and that 's it is totally cool with me . 
  as long as a potential boyfriend does n't get all preachy about drinking or non drinking , i 'm happy . 
  not particularly , no . 
  occasional swearing is fine and i ignore it , swearing like a trooper is just crass and unnecessary . 
  i read it back in march and really enjoyed it . 
  it was a great , fun little romp with some nice world building , good characters and excellent fight scenes . 
  de castell is apparently a fight choreographer and it does show . 
  it reminded me of locke lamora , so if you like that , give it a go . 
  dealbreaker for me . 
  i do n't smoke and i do n't want to date a guy who does . 
  i might consider the occasional social smoker , but that 's it . 
  the tip of my ring finger on my right hand is deformed ( it 's squashed awkwardly and tilted ) from an accident when i was two . 
  no one ever notices , but i actually quite like people 's reactions if i ever take up an opportunity to point it out . 
  i 've had ghds for about ten years now and adore them . 
  i would n't use any other brand of straighteners . 
  i think both pairs i 've had cost about # 150 , and i 've definitely had my current pair ( ceramics ) for at least four years . 
  use them every day with zero issues and lovely straight hair . 
  yup , i want a family somewhere down the line . 
  a childfree-inclined guy is a dealbreaker for me . 
  absolutely stunningly gorgeous . 
  it makes me want to jump on a plane right now and head over !, 
  a backflip or back tuck . 
  last time i did one i misjudged it and scraped the back of my shoulder down the edge of the foam pit at my gym club , which really * really * hurt . 
  now i 'm pretty damn scared about throwing myself backwards . 
  the [ industrial revolution section ] ( http://youtu.be/4as0e4de-ri?t=16m11s ) of the opening ceremony ( from 16:11 ) . 
  still gives me goosebumps . 
  epke zonderland 's [ goddamn amazing gold medal high bar routine . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/i0tm2sonvyi?t=18m45s ) the man is a total demon . 
  edit : just watched it again , and though it 's great on its own , i think it 's actually better watching the whole bar final . 
  each competitor was just putting on more and more difficulty each time , and then epke comes out with three consecutive releases and blows everyone out the water . 
  just amazing . 
  i remember working behind my local bar and watching andy murray win the tennis gold , too . 
  everyone went nuts and was so happy . 
  it was such a good atmosphere . 
  i 'll just have to bite the bullet and do it again !, 
  the frustrating thing was that i had it and i threw like three in a row , and then the fourth one i was tired , did n't rotate enough and smacked into the pit edge . 
  have n't done one since . 
  i 'm so annoyed at myself !, 
  it has such an odd feel to it , like florida with billboards in arabic everywhere . 
  i always hear about what an amazing city it is , but in the two or three days we were docked there and went exploring ( i worked on a cruise ship ) it just felt ... empty . 
  no atmosphere at all . 
  very strange city .
