  you ca n't lean on him like this all day every day . 
  you tell him to have an amazing time on holiday and to buy you a souvenir , and you 'll see him in a months time . 
  if you 're really as close as you say , your friendship will handle a month of reduced contact . 
  i 'm in the last week of the pgce and really recommend it . 
  you get much more theory , but they 're not just training you for your first year , they 're training you for your career five years down the line . 
  mine has been really tough , but really supportive . 
  do n't just consider the courses for the money . 
  consider how they train you , what they offer through the year , and what sort of teacher they 're going to train you to be . 
  op , you 're 35 years old . 
  quite honestly , if you needed your ex to be more ` forceful and serious ' in her warnings about how terrible a boyfriend you were being , then the relationship was on rocky ground anyway . 
  this relationship failed because you were n't self aware enough to listen to what your ex was saying , and to consider how your game playing might have affected your life . 
  this is n't her fault for not ` warning ' you . 
  this is your fault for not waking up * of your own accord * and trying to motivate your life . 
  this is called being an adult . 
  also ` she does n't know what she 'll be missing out on ' is * bullshit * . 
  she 's had ** seven years ** of knowing what she 'll be missing out on . 
  stop playing the victim here . 
  one big scare does n't mean you will change overnight and your relationship would be sunshine and roses again . 
  that never happens for anybody . 
  for one , she does n't want to be in it any more . 
  think about leading a horse to water and making it drink etc etc. 
  you need to spend plenty of time apart and build new habits to help you be a more secure , independent adult . 
  you * have * to do this on your own - she ca n't help you through it , and it 's unfair of you to expect her to . 
  you 're sounding wildly codependent op , and if shes as independent as you say , then i can see why she finally snapped . 
  do you have any friends you can talk to ? 
  family ? 
  to be honest , since i turned 30 ( i 'm 31 now ) i 'm telling people my age much more often !, 
  it 's sort that ` now i 'm a sage adult with pearls of wisdom ' thing , which is ridiculous because i still do n't know shit about life . 
  i just like pretending that i do . 
  the height thing does n't change anything for me . 
  it 's the balance bit that screws me over , and having to readjust my centre of balance so a ) my toes do n't get all the weight and b ) i can walk properly without going arse over tit when i get to some stairs . 
  you have to face it as if it is over , because it is the * only * way to make things better for yourself . 
  do n't drag this out , for both your sakes . 
  and lets be honest , the more you rush to her , crying and pitying yourself , the less likely she will be to want to restart any kind of relationship . 
  you need to go no contact , stop talking to her entirely and start working on this real change that you keep mentioning in your comments . 
  okay , other people will probably say this as well , but you * need * to move out , for your own sanity . 
  living together and doing events together is a bad , bad , bad , bad idea . 
  nothing is ever going to heal or change or get fixed if you 're spending time together , * especially * if you 're going on a couples holiday . 
  that is the * worst * idea , and it 's going to get you even more confused and upset and frustrated than you already are . 
  you need separation and no contact so that you can start to get your own identity back and start that process of personal change that she really wants to see . 
  can you break your lease ? 
  go stay with some friends ? 
  i feel * far * more secure and confident in myself in my thirties than i ever did during my early 20s . 
  you 've got nothing to worry about - enjoy the ride !, 
  i think i voted labour in the last one and lib dem before that ? 
  i ca n't remember now . 
  the lib dems being a viable party seems like such a distant memory now . 
  no , you do n't ` have to agree ' . 
  you are * thirty five years old * !, 
  stop letting life just waft past you and acting like you ca n't change it . 
  my god op , the lack of agency in your comments is excruciating . 
  where is your backbone ?? 
  here are some options . 
  go to one wedding while she goes to the other . 
  or arrive and leave separately , not as a couple . 
  ask to be reseated so you 're not together . 
  explain to your friends that you have to back out . 
  book an extra hotel room for the festival so you 're not staying in a double room together the whole time . 
  * stop referring to her as your so * . 
  you are not a couple any more . 
  find an alternative and do n't just go ` oh well , i guess i 'll go along with this ' . 
  make some active decisions in your life !, 
  i can still downvote on mobile with redditisfun . 
  i assume that 's how most people do it . 
  in some ways , i guess it would ? 
  i 'm a secondary school teacher , so i do sometimes wish that i could control some of the more troublesome teenage boys in the way that the male teachers can . 
  i 'm also pretty new to the profession too though , so it 's really all about confidence . 
  no one cares what you think . 
  i could n't give two tosses what someone thinks about me with or without makeup . 
  * i * like makeup . 
  so , yes . 
  keep your nosy nose and unsolicited opinions out of other people 's business . 
  also , i find the vast majority of men ca n't tell the difference between no makeup and no-makeup makeup anyway . 
  you 're not his girlfriend . 
  you 're his captive . 
  this man has you trapped , and is insisting that you stay trapped . 
  heavy curtains over the windows ? 
  no car ? 
  no work or contact with anyone ? 
  you * need * to get out op . 
  is there anyone you can contact ? 
  an old friend ? 
  a family member ? 
  the guardian is my normal go-to , along with bbc news and sometimes sky news or the independent . 
  ask your girlfriend if they prefer white or red and just pick a nice bottle up from sainsburys - something up to around # 10 is more than fine . 
  they 're not going to be querying the vintage . 
  alternatively , prosecco is lovely and very popular . 
  because i have n't found anyone i match with well enough yet . 
  i 've been on quite a few dates - some guys i really like who do n't like me , some guys really like me and i do n't like them . 
  just have n't managed that balance yet . 
  i 'm sure i 'll find someone in the end , though . 
  just got to keep trying . 
  i think it 's a huge fucking fuck up by the baby boomers and i 'm seriously pissed off . 
  the only shot we have really is that the referendum is n't legally binding . 
  so politicians could vote to ignore it , but who knows ? 
  in the meantime it 's a seriously shitty bit of news to wake up to in the morning . 
  edit : that was an initial reaction , and i know it would be political suicide for parliament to overturn it . 
  but as a remain supporter , i can hope . 
  not really . 
  but camerons just resigned and said that he 'll let his successor actually invoke article 50 .
