  if you read it again , it started off as five hours at the start of the shoot , and by the end they had got it down to 2 ' 47 '' . 
  it 's the same as anything , the more you practice it , the faster you get . 
  i used to do theatre scene changes that in first rehearsal would take fifteen minutes , and by the third show we had it down to three minutes tops . 
  autumn and winter are my favourites . 
  i love autumn fashion and yellow leaves on the trees , i love wearing boots and cosy woolly jumpers , and i love coming in from a cold walk to a hot bowl of soup and a cup of tea . 
  it 's been raining and windy here this week , and it 's been so nice . 
  oh my gosh , i 've literally just finished it so everything is still wheeling . 
  that was a crazy climax !, 
  honestly , i was reading it , thinking `` this is quite slow , she must be building up to something '' and then whomph . 
  fitz whisks himself away to buckkeep , withy gets invaded , bee gets captured , the fool is semi-dead ... wow . 
  edit : also , i loved having bee 's pov . 
  it was a perfect counter to what was going on with fitz and it worked so naturally . 
  final thought - bee said the servants were ` warbling ' , until she suddenly understood them at the end . 
  when she first started to talk , fitz referred to her speech as gobbling or gabbling - could it be that she somehow understands the servants ( i.e. , the whites ) language at the end ? 
  in fools fate , fitz heard the fool and prilkop speak in the same kind of language , did n't he ? 
  mmmm , not so sure about the starling theory - it was repeated loads in tawny man that starling had difficulty concieving , and then really wanted her baby with lord fisher , which happened after she and fitz had stopped sleeping together . 
  the numbers do n't quite work out for shun to be her kid . 
  i like the idea of shun being chade 's daughter though , that could work . 
  rh had loads of hints in tm about chade having the ladies flocking to him , after all . 
  i loved bee 's dreams , by the way - for a long time i thought the white rabbit/black rabbit dream was the fool and prilkop escaping , with the fool turning up injured and prilkop being killed . 
  the lead ups with the beggar and bulls head dreams were so clever . 
  definitely need another read through to pin them all down . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how she is able to talk to nighteyes so clearly , as we 've never seen anything mentioned before about wit partners being passed on through families . 
  i hope he ` protects ' her while she 's with the servants . 
  i definitely think it could be all of those things !, 
  even bee is like a butterfly herself - she 's cocooned for ages , and then gradually blossoms into all sorts of different things . 
  this is why i love hobb 's writing , she just stuffs so much meaning and hints in there for us !, 
  oh that would make sense !, 
  i like that theory . 
  also , i do think her dream about the wolf statue with fitz apologising to her will maybe be the ending to this trilogy , with fitz making a memory stone wolf and then disappearing in to it ? 
  i 'll have to find the right passage to double check . 
  i 'm sure he does !, 
  i also wonder , if bee says it 's from ` the end of my time ' if she helps him carve it and goes in to it too ? 
  ooooh , how ominous !, 
  it rang really distant bells to me . 
  i 'm sure either the fool or prilkop has name dropped it before at some point . 
  maybe when fitz and prilkop are looking at the map in the pale woman 's caves ? 
  29 , about 18 months when i was 16 . 
  since then , a couple of months at most . 
  i 've not had that much luck so far !, 
  of course you wo n't be alone forever , and i 'm sure you 've accomplished more than plenty so far . 
  26 is uber young !, 
  take a deep breath . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i know !, 
  that whole it 's the fool ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ not ^ ^ the ^ ^ fool bit with the messenger was gut wrenching . 
  i swear the bbc weather girls and news presenters are constantly pregnant . 
  my mum and i are always making comments on the shape of the top they 're wearing to hide the bump . 
  also , sarah beeny and her home makeover programmes - that lady is * always * preggers . 
  so yes , here in the uk i think we see pregnant women on the tv a reasonable amount . 
  i just loved the seamless way it moved through the theatre and changed the sets to follow the characters scenes . 
  such a clever concept to put onto film . 
  welcome to our world !, 
  honestly , i 'd say just be straightforward . 
  playing coy by ignoring the person does n't generally work when they 're trying very hard to get your attention , and even short responses makes them think you 're joining in their conversation . 
  just say `` i 'm flattered , but i 'm not interested , thank you . '', 
  if girls insult you like the last one did , then that 's just their problem that they ca n't take being turned down with some grace . 
  be firm - `` i 'm not interested / i 'm leaving now / thanks but no thanks '' all work for me , and if they keep persisting then just get up and leave . 
  do n't worry about being rude , just keep your boundaries . 
  someone needs to tell [ tom hiddleston ] ( http://media4.onsugar.com/files/2013/10/29/970/n/1922398/cfafd824af818a23_186039582.preview.jpg ) to stop looking so dashing and perfect all the time . 
  really . 
  especially in all those [ gorgeous suits ] ( http://www.celebitchy.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/hiddles31.jpg ) . 
  unf . 
  we always have glasses from random other local pubs turn up in our bar as well . 
  i never notice , and to be honest i probably would n't much care . 
  my record so far is smashing six glasses in one night behind our miniscule little bar . 
  not my finest hour . 
  yup , and my answer is strictly about his looks as well . 
  he 's a beautiful man . 
  just remember that when you say in your post ` be as shallow as you like , i wo n't judge you ' and then you * do * judge people who tell you they 're attracted to guys you do n't think of as handsome , then that 's not really very nice . 
  i think tom hiddleston is gorgeous . 
  you do n't . 
  totally cool . 
  just please do n't reply to posts you do n't agree with and go `` are you * sure * it 's not just because of [ other reason ] ? '' . 
  because it 's not . 
  [ this one ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/8b6f69382f3872492fdf1528b123ae30/tumblr_mvxgsezlje1rua2z5o1_250.gif ) ? 
  mmmm snake hips ... 
  [ hooked on a feeling - blue swede ] ( http://youtu.be/xj0fovlyv9u ) . 
  thanks , guardians of the galaxy !, 
  oh man , that show was * so good * . 
  i saw the national theatre live broadcast of it , and it was brilliantly done . 
   as that gene would breed itself out of existence , or at least into rarity , pretty fast . 
  social conditioning for homosexuality has never seemed rational to me . 
  bisexual people exist and have children , of course , and we know there has been same sex attraction around for a few thousand years - alexander the great , the roman emperor hadrian , plenty of ancient greeks , or more recently kit marlowe , king james i and the great artist michaelangelo . 
  this is definitely a subject meant more for / r/changemyview than here , but i mean i do n't know about you , but i 've never actually * chosen * to be straight . 
  i just am . 
  why would n't it be the same for someone who is gay ? 
  i 'm the same as you op , long sighted in my left eye and short sighted in my right . 
  my left eye is * basically * back to normal , but my right eye is pretty screwy . 
  i ca n't judge distances whatsoever . 
  i do n't wear glasses all the time , but they 're a lovely gucci pair that i got online for some mad discount rate , and they have pretty snazzy square frames . 
  you are going to love liveships and tawny man , then . 
  tm broke my heart into teeny little fitz sized pieces . 
  i finished fool 's assassin yesterday and i really did n't think rain wilds affected it at all , so i 'd say you 'll be all right to skip it as long as you know events from tawny man . 
  i 'm 29 , and i 've had to move back while i retrain and change careers , since money is super super tight for me right now . 
  bonus points : i also work for my dad in the family business . 
  it 's okay , but i 've got just one more year to go before i can be out again and i am * dying * to be independent again . 
  i need my own space !, 
  i love my parents and we get along great , but next september can not come quickly enough . 
  where on earth did you get the idea that mild = always the same ?
