  stuff like that . 
  i loooooove maple syrup from my holidays in the us and canada , but whenever i try to buy it here it 's really watery and not anywhere near as good . 
  it 's so frustrating , because i adore it !, 
  her stance does not make sense * to you * . 
  it makes perfect sense to her . 
  we are not all the same , and not everybody in the world wants children . 
  she is one of them . 
  just because she does n't want to be a mother does n't make her somehow wrong or in need of therapy . 
  however , you * both * need marriage counselling . 
  it wo n't really be ` all for nothing ' per say , it will just be another generation of bond films with craig as lead . 
  future directors might choose to keep the same universes as craigs bond , and they might not . 
  you really just have to roll with it - you ca n't give it a linear time line in the same way that , say , the marvel movies work . 
  well , if you 've already lived abroad and only found it ` okay ' , then the challenge clearly is n't much about your location , it 's about your life . 
  if your job bores you , maybe look into changing careers to something that will challenge you more . 
  if you live in a small city , can you change to a bigger city ? 
  the thing with moving abroad is that wherever you go , there you are . 
  if you 're not being challenged and excited now , the rush of a new country does n't last very long before it all gets routine again . 
  totally banal view of culture ? 
  have you * seen * the amount of theatre , museums , historic sites and art galleries we have in this country ? 
  whenever i go to london the museums and galleries are rammed . 
  there are always ( british ) people touring national trust houses or english heritage sites , and we have some of the best theatre opportunities in the world . 
  there are countless history , nature and educational documentaries on tv and there are * always * educational lectures going on in every city on almost every weekend . 
  every little village has their own photography club , or amateur theatre group , or choir practicing the classics . 
  it 's a complete foible to say that we 're not a cultured country or people do n't appreciate culture . 
  british people * love * culture . 
  you 're just looking down your nose and being a snob about the ones who do n't . 
  painfully unfair division of wealth and opportunity happens in almost every country . 
  look at the usa , uae , india , or china for example . 
  regional bigotry happens in every country - every human is a snob about something . 
  yes , there are loads of people who do n't travel much or like an insular life , but it also sounds like you 've swung in completely the opposite direction to someone who has done omg so much that you 're up on the pedestal looking down on everyone else . 
  i 've travelled loads too , and you know what ? 
  there are fat , ugly , smelly , uncultured , insular , unmannered , loud , drunk people wherever you go . 
  we do not have a monopoly on those things . 
  having a quick google , i quite like martin o'malley . 
  he 's all about abortion rights , gun control , immigration support , bringing down college costs , working rights for women , healthcare as a right , renewable energy , balancing taxes ( more for richer , less for poorer ) and gay marriage . 
  i 'm surprised i have n't heard more about him from reddit ; seems like the kind of candidate american redditors would favour . 
  i 've heard about bernie sanders much more . 
  babysitting my puppy dog while my parents are with friends for the weekend , getting loads of setter cuddles , taking him on nice loooong walks and enjoying access to sky tv with a full fridge and a comfy sofa . 
  perfect . 
  that sounds amazing !, 
  where is the cruise off to ? 
  i did a tour of a potential workplace ( a school ) last week and wore smart-ish green skinny trousers with low heeled boots , a long sleeve navy jumper and a scarf . 
  not office wear , but not super casual either . 
  i think you can wear enough that you look in a mirror and think ' i look nice/like a well-dressed adult ' without looking like you 're already going directly to the interview . 
  will you have a second interview in person as well , or is the phone interview the only formal meeting you will have ? 
  romantic/sexual : hahahaha definitely c/d . 
  i seem to be rubbish at finding anything long term . 
  my love life sucks . 
  emotional : a, 
  physical : b - ? 
  i like being active , i 'm just not good at doing it consistently, 
  travelling/new experiences : a, 
  career : a - / b + ( in my mind , anyway . 
  my career trajectory is nowhere near traditional , but i like it ), 
  mental : a - / b + ( i 'm being a good girl and sitting in my uni library to write a postgrad masters essay on a sunday afternoon . 
  that deserves good marks , i think ), 
  appeal to fluffy animals : a *, 
  i would very much like long term , yes . 
  i used to work in theatre , so spent a little while working in the entertainment department of a cruise ship as a stage manager . 
  i saw something like 30 countries in six months , and i 've also done a bunch of travelling by myself , with a friend and with family . 
  after that i went into sales for the family company , and i 'm now retraining as a teacher . 
  like i said , not traditional at all !, 
  i do n't really see hillary as authentic - she 's too much of a politician for me . 
  i like sanders too , but i think o'malley is a bit stronger on gun control , which appeals . 
  yeah probably , but op asked who our choice would be , and hypothetically that would be my choice on the issues i feel strongly about . 
  winter soldier with guardians a very , very close second . 
  i could stick either of those two films on at any time and be very happy indeed . 
  my parents paid all of the rent for my brother and i during uni ( uk ) , but i took out student loans for my tuition fees and living costs . 
  i think my parents were very generous in even paying my rent , and they made it back through deliberately selling extra land they had attached to our house . 
  i know plenty of people who handled it all themselves . 
  you might want to focus on property in your own name . 
  they want to focus on handbags . 
  more property for you , more handbags for them . 
  everyone wins . 
  there * is * a huge demand for maths teachers , but speaking as someone who is doing the pgce training right now , teaching is * hard work * , and you have to want to be in that classroom , teaching your subject every day . 
  you 'll never manage it all if you 're just doing it as a backup option . 
  there are n't any mixed signals . 
  you 're just not listening . 
  she 's not interested in you . 
  leave it alone . 
  i was just listening to a women of marvel podcast interview with hayley atwell , and she said that this is very much jarvis ' season and he gets a really good arc . 
  that makes me hopeful that he gets to be much more than just the comic relief this time around . 
  fred . 
  she said it twice and it was on the banner behind them at the party . 
  for the tudor period , and a more specific look at tudor court life i 'd always recommend alison weir 's * henry viii : king and court * . 
  she gets very precise with her research into fashions , pastimes , building progress and expenditure at henry 's court as well as the general course of events . 
  david starkey 's * six wives : the queens of henry viii * is a very thorough volume on events , but i prefer the detail of weir 's writing when it comes to the court itself . 
  a great book for the 18th century english georgian court is * courtiers * by lucy worsley . 
  it focuses on the events within kensington palace through the reign of the four georges , and all of the varied and fascinating characters that lived in the palace , like peter the wild boy , or the ladies of the bedchamber . 
  worsley is chief curator at historic royal palaces , and ended up writing this book because of a series of paintings that she passed every day at work that she decided to research further . 
  it gives the book a really intimate feel , as she clearly knows the palace and period extremely well , and i also believe it 's one that 's recommended to any actors playing period roles at hampton court . 
  probably not . 
  i 'm very atheist and really do n't want to get involved with someone who has sincere religious beliefs . 
  i just do n't think we 'd mix well . 
  30 and it 's the whoooole marvel cinematic universe for me , especially anything to do with steve rogers or bucky barnes or captain america as a tragic , lonely figure who tries so hard to do the right thing . 
  marvel just has so much tragedy and so many amazing stories , and so many beautiful men with their shirts off . 
  i 'll never get over marvel superheros , i swear . 
  i will talk about my dog with anyone who even vaguely touches on the subject . 
  crazy dog ladies unite !, 
  i had a teaching interview today and was expecting a phone call this evening ( they said they 'd contact us today ) but there 's no phone call .
