  his economic reforms are going wrong , his control of the satellite states are going wrong , and then to top it all off there is an attempted coup against him by other senior members of the party . 
  he gains control back , but he 's been undermined . 
  there are other factors i have n't even touched on yet - the high military spending driven by the invasion of afghanistan , gorbachev 's push of reforms , yeltsin 's antagonism , the problems caused by the stagnating ussr economy . 
  however , that 's also where i would recommend reading figes , or watching his lectures on youtube , to get a further understanding of the different causes of the fall . 
  overall , figes says that :, 
   the collapse of the soviet union was not a revolution . 
  the vast majority of the soviet people remained passive while state power changed from one set of \u00e9lites to another . 
  although society had been activated and politicized by gorbachev 's reforms , it was not through its efforts that the soviet regime was brought down . 
  as so often in soviet history , the revolution was from above . 
  gorbachev 's achievement was to engineer a peaceful abdication of power by the communist party . 
  he managed to dismantle the soviet regime without civil war or major violence . 
  overall , i would argue that in 1985 the collapse is by no means inevitable . 
  it 's the unravelling of gorbachev 's reforms , undermined by glasnost and the loss of controlled power that had previously kept the system together , that eventually meant the snowball became too big to control . 
  the ` logical ' part saying it wo n't happen to you is actually the denial part of your brain . 
  this guy offended him so j calmly and methodically hurt him , and * recorded evidence * of it . 
  think about that , op . 
  what happens when you two fight ? 
  what happens when you say something he does n't like ? 
  if he deliberately trained an animal to attack a family member , he * absolutely * will hurt you someday too . 
  j is not a nice person . 
  j is not sweet and lovely and loyal . 
  j is a ticking time bomb , and you need to get out of this relationship asap . 
  it is time consuming , definitely , but i made it harder on myself by doing the course full time as well as working full time . 
  most people just do one module per term whereas i did two . 
  first year is fairly light on the time demands too , so i would see how it goes . 
  you can do modules separately and ` save ' your credits if you need to stop the course at any point and restart it . 
  a neighbour of mine did that - she did n't get on with her tutor and had work stuff going on that made it difficult to finish the module , so she dropped out , saved up to the assessment she had most recently done and restarted the module again from that point in the following january . 
  the ou is so , so supportive , and the other people on the course were wonderful . 
  it was the fb groups set up by other students that got me through , so you will find people in the same position as you who can support you if you find it tough . 
  i loved my time with them , and i 'm aiming to do a masters in history with the ou in a couple of years time . 
  i 'd really , really recommend giving it a try . 
  best of luck !, 
  i get between # 1200-1400 a month and it 's not quite enough . 
  i 'm always stretched at the end of the month even though i try to budget carefully . 
  i know i 'm not always frugal , though , and this summer has thrown up a lot of extra costs for trips away to weddings or a weekend with friends . 
  i live in the south east of england , rent privately , commute every day to work and i 'm single , so although my food bill is usually no more than # 30 a week ( including occasionally buying lunch ) , i do n't share costs with anyone else . 
  my pay does go up from september , and i 'm hoping it will get a little easier . 
  you 're an adult . 
  you do n't need to be at a job for a minimum amount of time before you somehow become a believable person . 
  in fact , i would hope that the fact you 're an outsider here might help , as you 're a fresh pair of eyes with the most recent industry training and awareness . 
  do n't hesitate . 
  document what you 've seen so far , with dates and times if possible . 
  go to your boss and ask for a private meeting . 
  express that coworkers behaviour changes when a manager is in the room , as she clearly * knows * what she 's doing is wrong . 
  these kids ca n't afford for you to wait . 
  why does it matter ? 
  she likes it . 
  she wears it to feel good . 
  welcome to modern society , dude . 
  i 'm a grown woman with a pretty reasonable sense of self confidence , but i wear makeup to feel good too - because you know what , that 's what it 's * designed to do * . 
  concealer covers blemishes , and rings under my eyes . 
  mascara makes my eyes look bigger . 
  eyebrow pencil makes me look more together . 
  when i go to work in the morning , or go out in general society , i want to feel good about myself . 
  makeup is a quick and easy way of managing that . 
  i get that you 're trying to be the good guy here , but you do n't need to blame makeup for it . 
  let her wear it , and just reinforce that you think she 's pretty all the time . 
  sometimes that will be with makeup on , and sometimes it will be without . 
  it 's really not that big a deal . 
  so * let her wear it * . 
  i get that you do n't like it , but that 's just tough titties . 
  * she * likes it . 
  it makes her feel confident . 
  why are you trying to take her confidence boost away ? 
  then lets be honest here , her issues are bigger than just makeup . 
  if she 's been reinforced from childhood that her looks are n't good enough , that 's a therapy issue , not a ` babe , you 're beautiful without makeup ' issue . 
  just keep the confidence boost up from your side , whether she 's wearing it or not . 
  also , she 's nineteen . 
  pretty much every single nineteen year old girl i know ( myself included ) is an insecure bag of nerves , and it was really only getting older than helped me to develop a real sense of self confidence . 
  she will get there , if you support her . 
  in the meantime , stop worrying so much about what makeup means . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  it just helps her have a consistent sense of self-worth . 
  women wear makeup . 
  that 's what we * do * , and to a large extent it 's what we 're expected to do . 
  she will probably need to wear it in most professional environments she goes in to . 
  you 're fighting a losing battle here for a sense of purpose she does n't share . 
  just drop it . 
  focus on her overall confidence instead . 
  who would be paying the cost of this trip ? 
  you , or them ? 
  you do know what to tell your mum - you just do n't want to . 
  it 's not going to be nice , but just get it over and done with , and hopefully use it as a learning experience . 
  you ca n't get away with not doing your work , especially when someone with exactly the same circumstances as you manages to do what 's set . 
  that 's an * insane * number . 
  assuming he 's been having sex since he was 16 , and allowing for a monogamous year with you , that 's about 35 partners a year , or one every ten days . 
  i 'm all for sexual equality and not slut shaming , but that throws up some real alarms . 
  how did he afford all those escorts ? 
  is he * sure * every encounter he had was protected ? 
  can he really go from such frequent change of partners to a settled , monogamous long term relationship with you ? 
  ( assuming that 's what you want ) . 
  i think you really need to have some adult conversations with him about his history , and what his honest attitude is to sex now , and make a decision from there . 
  war is , unfortunately , good for the development of medicine and technology , e.g. 
  penicillin ( ww2 ) , plastic surgery ( ww1 ) , aeroplanes ( ww1 ) and radar ( ww2 ) . 
  but as a general people-killing-people shtick - no . 
  it 's not good at all . 
  history is a good degree that people often convert into law , as it 's about organising and judging large amounts of information . 
  maybe read around what degrees people tend to do first before they do law ones ? 
  also , ou degrees do have good reputations , so i would n't worry about the ` not seen as good ' aspect . 
  speaking from experience , they are not easy qualifications to get .
