  i do n't know how london girls do it , but they always look so goddamn amazing in stuff i would never wear in a million years . 
  one of my best friends fashion sense increased x200 since she moved there , and i 'm just here , rocking my usual country chic . 
  oh totally . 
  i do it all the time , usually with a ` that looks so good because it makes her waist look tiny/legs look long ' mental breakdown , so i can try and remember it next time i go shopping . 
  from society : party party party , instagram , dress , precursor to babies , being married makes you happy for ever and ever and ever . 
  from my friends : a mix between `` it 's just something we decided worked for us '' ( a few really cool couples ) , `` look at my ring '' ( a few obnoxious girls ) , and `` fuck i rushed into this '' ( a couple of friends married and divorced within a year . 
  one lasted six months . ), 
  from my parents : it 's really really not about the wedding . 
  ; please get shacked up soon/why do i still have a spinster daughter/can ' t you find a nice man ? 
  drunk is n't an excuse . 
  drunk people act like idiots , sure , but being drunk does n't give you an out for pulling down your pants and sticking it in another person . 
  if you 're that drunk that you can not control your actions , go have some water or get a taxi home . 
  get her a makeup lesson at a high street makeup counter as a treat and then offer to buy her a couple of the new products she likes . 
  she gets a day out , gets to learn what suits her , and you get a girl who knows how to wear her makeup . 
  the problem most of the time is that we do have to learn by trial and error - us girls do n't get inbuilt makeup knowledge . 
  some people are good at that , and some people , like your girlfriend , miss the mark by about fifty miles wide . 
  it 's all about helping her learn the right skills she needs . 
  do you ever actually say anything when he says this stuff , or do you just try and ignore him ? 
  honestly , i 'd just tell you to start quietly calling him out on this stuff - i know it 's hard with the whole ` banter lads ' thing , but all you need to say is `` i 'm fine with veg , jim , cheers . '', 
  if you stay quietly firm with it , then he 'll get tired of not getting a reaction from you . 
  he can bluster all he wants , but what * he * thinks is a ` real man ' is total crap . 
  you 're not a pussy , and you 're not ` less of man ' for eating what you like to eat . 
  he 's the one being a jerk and being insecure . 
  you 're right when you say his arguments make no sense , because they do n't . 
  he 's got an idea from nuts or zoo or wherever that eating lots = big tough guys = man 's man . 
  it 's stupid , but you ca n't argue with stupid . 
  just keep on with what * you * like , put your foot down when he tries calling you out on it and then ignore him . 
  if he * really * starts pestering you and triggering your ed , then you do n't honestly have to hang out with him . 
  if you 're in a social situation , then just say `` all right jim '' , then ignore him and talk to one of the other guys who is n't being a tool about food . 
  do what 's right for you . 
  it 's * your * body and * your * mental health here . 
  do n't let him get you down . 
  i think , honestly , he 's telling you what he wants and you just do n't want to see it . 
  four years is a long old time for a relationship , but it very much sounds like he 's putting his future and career ahead of you . 
  and , you know , that 's absolutely fine , and it is what he should do , but you should n't stay with someone who you make a priority when they only make you an option . 
  it sounds like most of your relationship has been long distance , and he has n't minded leaving you behind . 
  he wants to go on and leave you behind again . 
  maybe this time you should let him do that permanently . 
  there 's a village around my way called fingringhoe . 
  i 've seen people posing by the sign for it occasionally . 
  i 'm also quite fond of widdington for no particular reason . 
  i like my ps3 as it 's just right there . 
  i usually love pc games too - the sims , theme hospital , rollercoaster tycoon , but my laptop is dying a slow death and filling it full of games wo n't help anything . 
  where will you be based ? 
  there 's not much point us recommending a day trip to northumberland if you 'll be in london . 
  one of my favourites is [ lavenham in suffolk ] ( http://www.discoverlavenham.co.uk/ ) . 
  it 's a picture perfect medieval village with gorgeous timber houses and halls . 
  like most small towns you 'll need a car to reach it , but it 's a lovely day out . 
  aries , and i do n't actually really believe star signs , but i fit a lot of that description . 
  i 'm great at starting new things and total crap at ever finishing them , for example . 
  definitely not to little villages , no . 
  the rail pass will get you to the nearest big town ( sudbury in this case ) , but then you 'll need to get a bus to lavenham and those services can run quite infrequently . 
  i have two quite different ones :, 
  * wassily kandinsky ; [ composition no . 
  kandinsky was one of the first truly abstract painters , and i just adore his use of lines and colour , and the way you can see music reflected in the painting . 
  * george stubbs : [ whistlejacket ] ( http://allart.biz/up/photos/album/collection/lng/georgestubbs-whistlejacket.jpg ) . 
  i 'd never heard of this painting before up until about six months ago when i went to the national gallery in london and saw the full size canvas on the wall . 
  it is just enormous , and it is * just * beautiful . 
  the expression of the horse , the texture of the paint , the shades he uses , the light ... it 's all amazing . 
  i just stared at it for about half an hour . 
  i love it so much . 
  you have said you are an adult , with your own choices . 
  that 's true . 
  your parents have also said they will treat you like an adult , which means living by their rules . 
  you , on the other hand , have decided to act like a child and sneak around being all romantic behind their back despite promising that you would n't . 
  i expect that 's half the reason why you 're doing this - the thrill of the chase . 
  you 're not being an adult . 
  you 're being a teenager , who thinks being an adult means you can do what you want , when you want with no repercussions . 
  the world does n't work like that . 
  your parents have n't threatened to kick you out . 
  they have left the moving out option completely down to you and given you the terms that you would have to do that by . 
  if you want to see this guy , by all means go and get your own place and do what you like - but i would recommend that you ask yourself why a 31 year old man is * really * interested in an 18 year old girl who is still living at home and has to lie to her parents all the time just to go on a date . 
  thick from robin hobb 's * tawny man * series . 
  i think he 's supposed to have downs syndrome , from her descriptions of him ? 
  it might be down to looks - it might also be that you 've got more confidence and people are responding to that , too . 
  i expect that if you 're dressing better , exercising and feeling better about yourself that you 're looking and sounding more outgoing too , which makes it easier to make friends . 
  do n't question it too much , make friends and enjoy it !, 
  women , probably because i went to an all girls school , so most of my first really close friendships were formed with women . 
  i have plenty of guy friends and i have no problems opening up or talking with them , but i become friends far more quickly with girls than guys . 
  okcupid , match , my single friend , eharmony , plenty of fish , guardian soulmates , tinder . 
  i tend to drift between okc and match most often , but i like my single friend , too . 
  guardian soulmates is great if you live in london and basically rubbish anywhere else . 
  that 's so cool that he stayed behind to talk to you afterwards !, 
  did he like guardians too ? 
  so go to a different city . 
  do n't tell her where you 're going . 
  even if she does come to the us , you have no obligations to have any contact with her . 
  do n't let her control you out of fear . 
  normally i would say that if most of your friends hate your so , you need to look again at what your so is really like . 
  but in this case , i think your friends are being snobbish and cliquey , and i ca n't see why your so is getting the cold shoulder . 
  the age difference is fine - five years in your twenties is nothing . 
  a brighter future and the fact that you might earn more than him is really none of their problems . 
  my friend married a farmer - should she really have looked somewhere else because he 's not white collar ? 
  i can see why your friends are worried about you if they potentially see a cheating issue , but if you 're happy about it , then that 's all that really matters . 
  same with the job search ; if he 's working hard at finding a job , it 's none of their business if he 's not in the ` right ' field , and it should n't reflect on their attitude towards him . 
  it does n't affect them . 
  if your friends have already sat you down and talked about it , i think you need to do the same in return . 
  tell them that you like who he is , that you 're happy in your relationship and that you 've had lots of communication about all of his girl friends and you 're fine with it . 
  i would also tell them that you would hope your good friends could at least be courteous to any so you get attached to , and you 're disappointed that they 've given him the cold shoulder . 
  if their attitude continues , maybe look again at making some new friends who are n't quite so anatagonistic towards people who are apparently lesser class than they are .
