  if even * that * is n't good enough and she * still * needs to be made ` more feminine ' , then what sort of message does that send out ? 
  probably two if i 'm not sure , but i 'll usually know if there 's something there or not after the first date . 
  it 's so good !, 
  it 's just a really funny , feel-good , adventurous flick . 
  everyone i 've taken it to has loved it . 
  definitely netflix it or something when it comes out . 
  lucky bugger !!, 
  where are you going ? 
  i 'm well jel . 
  i love edinburgh . 
  i lived there for four years and would move back tomorrow if i got the chance . 
  definitely go have a drink at devil 's advocate down advocate close off the royal mile . 
  it 's a * fabulous * new whisky bar with the most amazing cocktails . 
  this is grrm we 're talking about . 
  i 'd be stocking up on that pension pot if i were you . 
  i 'd love to wear a watch , but i 've been allergic to every single one so far ( nickel content , i 'm assuming ) so i do n't have one any more . 
  i saw it three times too , and i pretty much have awesome mix vol . 
  1 on permanent repeat . 
  no shame !, 
  that 's a big change !!, 
  massive good luck !, 
  omg i am so jealous . 
  i 'm only three weeks into my first term back and drowning underneath all the reading . 
  academic freedom feels a long way off !, 
  go give the english setters a fuss for me . 
  when i went in the summer , my friends took me to [ this tapas bar ] ( http://www.tapaedinburgh.co.uk/ ) on the water of leith which was also completely brilliant . 
  and khushis for an indian , of course !, 
  a civilised , inhabited one . 
  i 'd love to go to some kind of hub planet with big cities on to go see loads of different aliens and play with super futuristic tech and go explore cool new worlds . 
  i love aussies ( and kiwis ) . 
  i think you 're a great laugh , and i do like a nice aussie accent on a guy . 
  no weapons here , as it 's illegal . 
  i moved from essex to edinburgh for uni and had the most fantastic time . 
  i also went to work on a cruise ship for six months where i did n't know anyone , but the atmosphere there is so much about drinking and gossip that it 's hard not to make friends !, 
  she had an accidental pregnancy and a miscarriage . 
  this is a big emotional deal for some people , and apparently any confession she * has * made about it in the past has n't gone well . 
  do n't take it as a personal statement about how she sees you . 
  as for how you bring it back up ? 
  you ca n't . 
  she 's already said that she would rather not talk about . 
  this is * your * problem to get over , not hers . 
  focus on her possible pregnancy ** now ** instead of ruining it with what happened back then . 
  back then does n't matter any more . 
  it has no bearing on the now . 
  stop ruining what could be a really good moment for both of you just because of your insecurities about whether a random hookup came inside her or not . 
  this is something you are going to be facing every single year for as long as you 're together , so you need to put your foot down now , otherwise you will be having the same argument over and over again and never getting what you want . 
  if you want to spend christmas eve together , spend christmas eve together !, 
  you 're grown adults . 
  i know family pressure sucks , and the guilt trip sucks , but somewhere you * have * to say ` no , this is what we want , and this is what we are doing . ', 
  you 've offered a compromise , they 've turned it down , so you say okay , that 's your choice , and our choice is to stay at home . 
  they might be mad at you , but at least they 're both mad at you equally !, 
   i 've even met several people who have started reading comics because of gotg . 
  i 'm one of them !, 
  i just adored gotg , and i had to go back and read more of their comics to find out more about them . 
  i 've now got a marvel unlimited subscription . 
  i 'm properly hooked !, 
  i think ours switches on at 6am and off at 8am , then on at 4.30 pm and off at 7pm or something like that . 
  we 've then got an extra hour override button to use when things get a bit parky , and we try and keep all the doors closed so each room stays as warm as possible . 
  basically our hours cover when we wake up in the morning , and then dinner time when everyone gets back from work . 
  well op , what 's the better option here ? 
  having both families briefly angry at you for approximately 6 hours on christmas eve before they grow up and get over themselves ( because they are adults ) , or spending the next however many years miserable * every single christmas * because you never get to do what you really want ? 
  honestly , they might be a little bit upset , but i doubt it 's really going to be as bad as you think . 
  invite your mum over for dinner if you really think she 's going to be that unhappy by herself , or alternatively push the question back on your sister and ask why she is n't hosting mum or going to see her ? 
  have your own private christmas eve , then spend the whole of christmas day with family . 
  sorted . 
   so , if i 'm a guy , and i think the make up , clothes , or beauty products are making you less attractive not more , is n't there room for a conversation ? 
  nope , because i wear it for * me * , not for you . 
  i do n't put on makeup to attract other people , i put it on because i like it and it makes me feel good . 
  end of story . 
  the newness of it , and the adventure !, 
  i love different food , different smells , different people . 
  getting to explore somewhere brand new is so exciting too . 
  also , i know regular commuters are so over it , but i love airports . 
  i love watching all these planes take off and land through the big windows , i love how fast the plane gets right before it lifts off , and i love the anticipation of waiting to go somewhere new . 
  god i miss travelling . 
  i have n't been abroad in four years and i 'm dying over here . 
  i think it 's a mix , but i 'm inclined to say mostly genetic simply because i do n't fancy any of my friend 's boyfriends and none of our dating preferences ever seem to match up . 
  i like getting all my mcu news at / r/marvelstudios and talking about fantasy fiction in / r/fantasy . 
  they 're a lovely bunch over there . 
   he is not ever seen in any parties and does n't have presence in social sites . 
  he only talks when he has to, 
  probably not . 
  i 'm attracted to sociable people , and the whole ` international man of mystery ' does n't appeal much to me . 
  if he was particularly nice to me personally then i might give it a shot , but i 'd also like to date someone who will happily come and hang out with my friends . 
  my dad loves to cook , and i love his food !, 
  mum and i cook if we * have * to , but dad cooks because he wants to . 
  he 'll do us a meal a couple of times a week and it 's always really good . 
  a hundred hairs a * day * ?!, 
  seriously ? 
  reality talent shows on tv . 
  the x factor . 
  the voice . 
  britain 's got talent . 
  `` this is my last chance , and i 'm going to give it everything ! '', 
  no it 's fucking * not * . 
  grow some balls , go out on the actual * circuit * and do some goddamn performance work instead of sauntering in front of some cameras and calling yourself a singer or diva or what the fuck ever idiots with more desperation than talent decide they are now . 
  also , the way the voice ` artistically ' sets up flight cases and lighting rigs backstage drives me up the fucking wall . 
  backstage is black and dark . 
  stop putting fucking lights everywhere !, 
  hey , even iron man needed someone with small hands to help sort out his chest arc reactor .
