  definitely agree on black widow 's capture and the rushed feeling . 
  so ultron just picks her up , locks her in a cell and ... that 's it ? 
  that 's all he does ? 
  for a little while i actually thought banner turning up would be a robot decoy as they seemed to have found her so incredibly easily . 
  falcon makes a throwaway comment to steve during the party scene with something like `` well you know i 've been having fun chasing all of those cold leads about our missing person '' , so they do at least tie it in to what 's been going on . 
  jaffa cakes are the best and it is never an overreaction to say so . 
  definitely agree . 
  i much much prefer the russos version of natasha and i 'm really looking forward to her going back under their writing . 
  i thought her line about `` the rest of my friends are fighters '' made it make a lot more sense , and i did like how she deliberately used bruce to get the hulk , but the whole romance just felt forced . 
  same with hawkeye and his family , actually . 
  surprise , a wife and two kids !, 
  where did that even come from ? 
  i 'll admit i much prefer matt fraction 's grumpy nyc bachelor hawkeye to family man hawkeye . 
  i ca n't remember if he 's signed on for infinity war , but rdj ( tony stark ) is definitely part of civil war , which is the captain america/avengers film that they 're shooting right now . 
  so he 's driving off to pull himself together a bit and then we 'll see him again next year clashing with cap over ( i 'm guessing here ) the after effects of ultron and hulk smashing up various cities . 
  thanos and the guardians will all get brought into this with infinity war , but i expect we 'll see more infinity stones plot in doctor strange , ragnarok and mayyybe guardians 2 . 
  it probably would !, 
  different studios have different rights though , hence all of the squabbling and wrangling over spiderman this year . 
  i thought it was a lot of fun , but it just had some uneven characterisation and plot points shoved in . 
  i was n't sold on [ ] ( #s `` hawkeye 's family life '' ) and i prefer the russo 's version of natasha . 
  i 'm looking forward to them taking it all over again . 
  i crossed my fingers for half a second in that final bit where quicksilver dies that clint might have his hearing blasted out , but no . 
  ca n't have everything . 
  the helicarrier navigation system has failed , so the shield guy is saying that they ca n't steer anywhere . 
  fury is telling him to stop being reliant on technology , and use the sun in the way that sailors would do . 
  it 's coming up in the east , so use that to point the ship north and navigate that way . 
  daredevil , if only for the pacing and character development . 
  aou was really fun but felt quite rushed at times , and i did n't like whedons changes to natasha or clint . 
  everything made more sense in daredevil with the characters . 
  either transformers 1 or paul , i think . 
  he loves action films with really stupid jokes that make you laugh . 
  i can never get his sense of humour right though - i thought he would love guardians of the galaxy but he thought it was all a bit too silly . 
  essex would split ourselves in half for sure . 
  the north would go off to join the suffolk/norfolk alliance ( maybe cambridgeshire would come along for the ride ) and leave the grubby london wannabee south essexers to the greater london faction . 
  we 've got a lot of military in colchester and everyone could be fortified with aspalls cyder for the war . 
  i 've very briefly dated a couple of french guys ( i 'm english ) and they were gorgeous but total jerks . 
  one in particular thought he was so cool but was actually just mean and quite mysoginistic . 
  stan lees cameo was perfect !, 
  i 'm pretty sure my whole screening recognised who he was . 
  are there any promo photos of falcons new costume ? 
  it seemed really cool but we only got a glimpse !, 
  it can do , because you can just never judge people 's feelings about money , and it 's a really emotive subject . 
  i generally feel like if you do n't flash it in people 's faces or show off about it , good friendships should n't get wrecked by whether one person has a brand new car and the other struggles to put in petrol every week . 
  that said , it can be really embarrassing to know that you 're lagging behind everyone in the life and finance stakes . 
  i have two friends with very well paying jobs who are in a smart new house and live very comfortably , whereas i frequently have n't got more than five pounds in my purse , but they 're still my friends and our wage packets do n't matter . 
  they just picked more lucrative areas to work in is all . 
  my grandad was buried in a green cemetery with just a tree marking where he is . 
  we put a bird box there a few years ago too . 
  its a really lovely place . 
  saw it on friday and it 's really good . 
  winter soldier and guardians are still my favourite , but aou is great fun . 
  i 'm really looking forward to the russos taking on civil war , though . 
  aww !, 
  i love how much chris loves his chinwag . 
  it suits him so well , too . 
  goodbye beard , hello yummy steve rogers . 
  i 'm keeping my fingers crossed that we get the stealth suit back . 
  i know , i know , but i love the stealth suit . 
  :( it had those lovely material abs and everything . 
  i know !, 
  he 'll have had to be doing all of the usual gym work and everything to keep in cap shape during the aou junkets too . 
  it must be brilliant to be a marvel actor , but it 's no surprise they take six months off afterwards just to try and wind down . 
  i 'd be shattered . 
  so the civil war cast will get about six months between shooting and press tours , and then another few months before they go into infinity war . 
  at least they get a bit of a break . 
  not such a large break for the poor russos though - they 'll be non-stop pre-production , shoot civil war , post-production , press , pre-production , shoot infinity war , post , press part i , a bit more post , press part ii , from now until 2019 . 
  that 's a hell of a schedule . 
  i know right ? 
  i remember james gunn saying something about needing a support system of good people around you to get through creating these movies , and i always think of that when i look at the russos . 
  i ca n't imagine just being one person and shouldering all of that . 
  the [ wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/captain_america:_the_winter_soldier ) does n't give it precisely , but it looks like winter soldier started filming april 1st 2013 and wrapped end of july in la ( from [ this article ] ( http://www.cleveland.com/moviebuff/index.ssf/2013/06/captain_america_the_winter_sol_11.html ) ) so that 's about four months , plus two months for reshoots in december and january . 
  word puzzles . 
  you know the ones where you start off with a blank grid and three letters and you have to figure out which number represents which letter of the alphabet ? 
  those ones . 
  i fucking love those . 
  once i get into a rhythm i can do like ten of them in a row . 
  ooooh yes !, 
  i love costume detail stuff !, 
  it 's so interesting , all of the different ideas from the designer that go into film costumes and how the character gets represented through their clothes . 
  i 'm particularly in love with [ this really super indepth analysis ] ( http://therealdeepsix.tumblr.com/post/83026776750/ive-been-thinking-about-buckys-robot-arm-a-lot ) of bucky barnes ' metal arm from captain america : winter soldier and [ this analysis of the costumes in hunger games : mockingjay part i ] ( http://hellotailor.blogspot.co.uk/2014/12/mockingjay-and-costume-design-real-or.html ) . 
  hello tailor is just a great blog in general . 
  oh , be careful though !, 
  the first post on there is a spoilery one about avengers : age of ultron , sooo ... watch your scroll button . 
  well sure , it 's not like they will be doing the set designing or anything , but directors still make the final call and have to answer all of the questions from said massive crew about particular choices being made , big and small . 
  i worked professionally in theatre , not film , but theatre directors ( same as film directors , i 'm sure ) still have to have one continuous vision of their production and see it through from beginning to end . 
  they 'll rely on their heads of department to get the job done as far as the details go , but they will be continually going back and forth between every single department from script to costume to graphics to set design , rehearsing and directing the cast , meeting with the producers and making all sorts of decisions about pretty much everything . 
  the russos are going to have been making decisions about everything to do with these three films for a total of about five years ( script civil war from 2014 through to opening night of infinity part ii in 2019 ) . 
  i think it 's a massive disservice to say directors have less to do now . 
  look how much we pin on whedon for pretty much everything to do with aou . 
  when it comes down to it , it 's all his vision and his choices that make the film . 
  pretty much !, 
  and just think , they 'll already have been doing script work and pre-production on civil war for at least the past year too . 
  i think people look best when they make an effort with their hair and wear some makeup . 
  there are so many people i see day to day that i just really really really want to take to a good hairdresser . 
   joss whedon is not nearly the genius or feminist he thinks he is . 
  agreed . 
  aou is really fun film and beautifully made but there are some script choices that i was side-eyeing sooooo hard . 
  i genuinely really enjoy studying and researching . 
  teenage me hated essays and the idea of university lectures , but adult me is all about soaking up every bit of academic history i can get my hands on . 
  i get this little thrill when i find a really good secondary source to use for my next ou essay .
