  also , i do n't agree that she was just saying that to loki as a playing up angle . 
  [ watch that scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfvpto6hkzu ) . 
  every other statement she says to him is true ( according to what we know ) . 
  why should we assume that that one line is n't ? 
  yeah , it 's a massive shame . 
  i feel like there was so much of the movie that was cut away . 
  my sweetest , most heartwarming friend is a guy called s who i used to live with at uni . 
  i 've known him for about twelve years , and honestly he is just the most wonderful , wonderful person with a big heart of gold . 
  he belongs in the twenties really - he says things like ` jolly good ! ', 
  and ` fiddlesticks ! ', 
  in a perfect cut-glass bbc english accent and actually means it . 
  we bonded over classics study , so now we go to lectures at the british museum together , and i tease him about his relationships and we talk about what dogs we 're going to get when we 're living in our own little country cottages . 
  i know he would do anything for his friends , and he just works so * hard * to get things done . 
  i 've never met anyone who did n't like him , i really have n't . 
  i 'm not sure you could n't like s !, 
  he 's just an absolute treasure . 
  it baffles me that natasha would say something like that too !, 
  and really , if the majority of people are hearing those lines and interpreting it as natasha saying she is a monster because she can not have children , it is not the * audiences * fault for going to the most obvious conclusion . 
  it is the * script writers * fault and the * directors * fault for not tweaking those lines to get the result you think they apparently wanted . 
  it is bad writing and bad directing on josses part . 
  and no , i can not believe that that interpretation was not pointed out during daily rushes or editing either , which is what irritates me most of all . 
  look , you read the scene one way . 
  that 's fine . 
  i read it another way . 
  so did plenty of other people . 
  that is * also * fine , and just because we have different opinions on it does not mean that either of us are ` stretching ' or trying to find reasons to be mad . 
  i 'm just saying that just because you and your mum think the lines should have been heard one way does n't make that the ultimate authority on what the script writers and joss were intending to make the scene sound like . 
  if the scene is creating this much confusion and aggravation over one or two lines on a touchy subject like infertility , it was a badly written scene . 
  because this is the weather that we 're used to , and to us our winters can be very cold . 
  why do americans act as though their experiences are universal ? 
  what 's the point in lying about what i find attractive ? 
  how does that help anyone ? 
  also , putting ` personality ' in ` quote marks ' makes you seem like a ` jerk ' . 
  i normally respond with sarcasm , because i 'm petty like that , but i think in this case you just need to approach him as a professional . 
  talk to him as an adult , and he 'll respect you for it . 
  something like `` john , i appreciate the fact that you offer me opportunities , and i take as many of them up as i can , but when i tell you i have scheduling conflicts , i need you to respect that . '', 
  not really . 
  i might get the occasional compliment from a male friend on how long my hair has grown or something , but they 're not very often . 
  i also work in a bar on the weekends , so if i get compliments from the punters they 're normally ones on obvious assets . 
  i get far more compliments from my female friends . 
  beans on toast . 
  i think it 's a very british meal , but it 's so good . 
  open one can of heinz baked beans , and heat in a saucepan with a little bit of butter . 
  when bubbling , pour over freshly buttered toast , and layer cheese on top . 
  pop under the grill for five minutes to melt cheese , then serve . 
  simple and so delicious . 
  it could also be that c had been considering it for a while and h just got her to put her thoughts into action . 
  i would n't be surprised , after that rather petty text you sent her . 
  either way , it does n't matter . 
  c broke up with you . 
  end of story . 
  now it 's just a case of you figuring out how to move on . 
  maybe start small with a few comments in agreement to someone elses argument ? 
  something like ; `` i like joanna 's point , i think that 's a good way to start . '', 
  you 're not putting out any conflicting opinions , but it 's a small step for your anxiety that you can build on . 
  do you have to send the actual passport ? 
  if you log in online you can just put in your passport number , which they accepted as evidence for me . 
  david cameron is prime minister of the uk right now , but might not be after our general election on thursday . 
  he 's okay , i guess . 
  he seems to do all right internationally but i dislike a lot of tory policies like the bedroom tax , their education overhaul and the whole economic austerity spiel . 
  i 'll probably vote labour this time as i 'm pro - europe , but i 'm not tied to one party at all . 
  i do n't know what will happen on thursday , but i really hope ukip and mr smug nigel farage do n't win any more seats . 
  i was n't sure about the first one , but from the second video he 's definitely a brit . 
  maybe somewhere home counties-ish . 
  yeah , i thought northern from the first video too , but he sounds much more rounded in the second one when he 's being more casual . 
  could be from anywhere really , though . 
  just for july and august , working at the edinburgh fringe festival for any of the venues doing bar work or as a flyer person will be easy work to pick up . 
  look up underbelly , assembly , pleasance , c venues , the gilded balloon and zoo venues as a place to start . 
  having somewhere to stay will be much harder to find - edinburgh 's population doubles for the fringe so everywhere gets booked up really quickly . 
  you 'd probably be able to find a spare room somewhere , or at least a sofa bed if you 're not picky . 
  the fringe is an amazing experience though !, 
  definitely worth doing at least once . 
  i do n't know . 
  why do men also get their nipples pierced ? 
  skirts !, 
  it sounds silly , but i like putting on really long swishy skirts or empire-line maxi dresses and walking around pretending i 'm out of a jane austen novel . 
  i think all of the newspapers and tv newsrooms are just resorting to making shit up now , because no one has any idea who 's going to win or go into a coalition with who or anything . 
  it 's so up in the air , and everyone 's just guessing . 
  but oh my god , i 'm going to be so glad when i do n't have to listen to another fucking election broadcast after the bbc news . 
  i am so sick of politicians right now . 
  also , * also * the sun and their different-front-pages-in-different-countries thing is just laughable . 
  screw you , rupert murdoch . 
  i do n't think daydreaming about silly girly things is childish at all , and i do n't honestly think you should try and snap yourself out of anything * unless * it 's preventing you from attaining your goals . 
  why is disney so popular ? 
  because it connects to the light hearted , sweet , frippery little things that childhood allowed you time to think about . 
  i definitely find myself regressing a little bit to girly things when i 'm stressed - i have assignments and exams right now , but i like daydreaming about cute actors and reading fanfic like i did as a teenager and browsing through pictures of storybook houses i wo n't be able to get a mortgage on for twenty five years . 
  it helps allieve some of that ` oh god i need to be an adult ! ', 
  tension . 
  you 've already said that you want to be intelligent and financially independent , which sounds to me like you have goals set in place that you want to achieve . 
  if that 's the case , allow yourself some stress-free daydreaming !, 
  it 's relaxing for you and your brain . 
  having an album of wedding dress photos never hurt anybody , honestly . 
  clothing manufacturers never ever ever seem to account for the fact that many women may have larger boobs than a b or a c cup and may want a top or a dress that allows for boobage without looking indecent or needing an extra layer underneath . 
  the lack of room for chesticles in so many clothes drives me * insane * . 
  why would she call you ? 
  no , really , why should and would she call ? 
  * she * was the one who broke it off in the first place , and you 're the one that 's too attached and ca n't let go . 
  you 've just told her that you still fancy her , but she told you two months ago that she was n't into you . 
  after * three dates * . 
  that is not unreasonable .
