  it 's only when you sit there feeling like an idiot for days on end because you do n't know how to do this one little thing that you 're really getting it wrong . 
  i do n't blame him for not going back for a second day on a charity job like that , i doubt i 'd even last a couple of hours !, 
  to be fair , he tried it like you asked , and hated it . 
  he did as you asked him , and now he 's putting his foot down . 
  i expect that with the diner offering him the job it really was just a ` try it out ' kind of matter . 
  what you need to say now is `` okay , you dropped out the charity gig . 
  thank you for trying it out . 
  now you need to go do the diner shifts because i 'm struggling here by myself . '', 
  you wanted him to go and get a job , so he got a job . 
  fixing the hours and making it more manageable for both of you can come a bit later when there 's less pressure from billing companies and you 've got more room to breathe . 
  i understand that you 're stressed out , but he 's done exactly what he said he would do ; he got two jobs rather than one , tried one out and is now going for the other . 
  let him off the hook a little . 
  why not ? 
  some like blondes , some like brunettes , some like skinny , some like chubby . 
  some just like personality , others like looks . 
  there 's no * reason * for it , it 's just biology . 
  because porn is n't made with women viewers in mind , so the look of the guy does n't actually matter as long as his dick is pretty huge and he performs on cue . 
  i know it sounds patronising , so bear with me - at 22 you are still * such * a baby . 
  you 've hardly even started life yet !, 
  hitting your twenties does make you feel like you 're suddenly being examined to find out why you have n't become the all achiever yet , but seriously , even at 28 i feel like i 've only really just begun . 
  do n't sweat it , and do what makes * you * happy . 
  that 's the most important thing . 
  i 'm 28 . 
  i 'm much calmer now . 
  i still daydream like anything , but at 21 i was always whizzing from one thing to the next without really concentrating on what i was doing . 
  i 'm much more inclined to do what * i * want and i care less about what other people think of me . 
  i also have a completely different long term plan than when i was 21 , including a total change of career . 
  sartorially i also much prefer spending a bit more on nicer clothes with good cuts than cheap knock offs from primark or h&m to keep in with the fashionable crowd . 
  just generally i like me right now much more than i ever did . 
  i still have n't got the one true love i used to go chasing after , but that 's all right . 
  after all , even if i met and married someone tomorrow , with life expectancy in the mid-eighties now i 'd still be with them for * sixty years * . 
  that 's a fuckton of time . 
  you should n't have to change yourself specifically for * one person * for that one person to like you , no . 
  one person should n't demand anything of you and you should n't feel obliged to give it to them for any reason . 
  ** however . 
  when you 're coming onto a website like reddit and asking advice on how to get into the dating world , and the advice given to you for general circumstances is ` lose weight ' , then yes . 
  it would be a good idea . 
  it will help * more * girls like you , it will help you like yourself more , and it will give you better odds in the dating game . 
  you 're not doing it for one girl , you 're doing it for * all * the girls . 
  or , you know , guys if you decide to branch out . 
  just something to think about . 
  i thought they were a brit thing !, 
  did n't cornwall do them first ? 
  military . 
  could n't deal with the constant long periods out of the country . 
  funeral director or mortician would make me think twice . 
  professionally unemployed . 
  i 'm 28 and do an adults gymnastics classes , which always ends up with the reaction `` what , * real * gymnastics ? '', 
  yeah , with the beam , bars , vault , all that stuff . 
  i also do dog shows - i 've got one this thursday in fact - with my english setter henry . 
  i love them !, 
  it 's fantastic getting to be around gorgeous dogs all day long . 
  he 's never going to break up with his girlfriend . 
  he 's flat out told you that . 
  there is never going to be a ` good time ' for him to break up with her no matter how much you wait and hang on and torture yourself about this . 
  i 'm quite positive this girlfriend is n't the dowdy boring matron you 're imagining , but i 'm sure he 's also quite happy to keep that fiction going so that you 'll feel sorry for him . 
  he 's having his cake and eating it , basically - a girlfriend who apparently cooks , cleans and has sex with him plus having sex with an attractive 21 year old who does n't ask any questions and is n't making any demands on him . 
  you do n't have a relationship here , and i doubt you 'll ever have one with this man because he does n't have to do a single thing to get exactly what he wants from both of you . 
  my advice ? 
  hand in your notice . 
  leave and go find another job where your boss wo n't go and break half a dozen company rules to sleep with the employees . 
  delete his number from your phone and walk away to find yourself an * actual * relationship . 
  you are never going to get what you want from this one . 
  londoners complain about the tube when they have a five minute delay between trains . 
  * five . 
  minutes * . 
  for us non-locals the tube is a great service that gets you from a-b without bother . 
  once you start heading outside of london is where you generally hit delays and problems but it 's really not * that * bad . 
  if you 're travelling outside the capital on weekends check for engineering works first , but otherwise you should be fine . 
  if you 're looking for theatre/film work , get yourself registered on [ stage jobs pro ] ( http://www.stagejobspro.com/ ) . 
  it does cost , but it 's by far the best way to start looking for jobs in the arts industry online and start your networking before you move . 
  you 'd also do well to pick up a copy of [ contacts 2013 ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/contacts-2013-stage-television-radio/dp/1907915052/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1372071685&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=contacts+2013 ) which is a complete compendium of film , tv and theatre industry contacts in the uk . 
  everyone i know has or borrows one , especially my actor friends . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm a trained assistant stage manager / lighting tech but i 've been out of the industry for a couple of years now ) . 
  [ the stage ] ( http://www.thestage.co.uk/ ) is the uk theatre paper - it advertises a few jobs but not that many , but again it 's a good way to start picking up names . 
  if you want to start looking at low/no pay film work have a glance at [ mandy ] ( http://www.mandy.com ) who have a nice amount of work advertised . 
  london is absolutely the central hub for arts work , though scotland has a nice thriving industry ( hint : it 's cliquey ) with the rsamd drama school and edinburgh fringe . 
  manchester is also doing well with the bbc hq move earlier this year , but i 'd still probably stick with london . 
  so it 's okay for her to move state to go to college but not okay for you to move to go for work ? 
  that does n't sound like much of a sacrifice on her end to me . 
  i do n't see why you ca n't try and see how it works out for the time she 's away in college - you 're long distance anyway , right ? 
  make a compromise that instead of seeing each other every other week you 'd see each other once a month and go from there . 
  by the sound of your post , i do n't think you 'd be happy if you stayed where you are . 
  you might end up resenting her for making you stay , and you 'd always have that ` what if ' hanging over your relationship . 
  personally , i would try and make it work out to the very best of my ability , but i would also take the job and go . 
   you 've already done enough damage . 
  not to the poor girlfriend , but to yourself as well . 
  exactly . 
  op , i 'm also fully willing to bet that the * entire office * knows you 're sleeping together . 
  putting aside the entire matter of having a broken heart to deal with , this is not helping your professional reputation one little bit . 
  pick yourself up , cut things off with your boss and go . 
  mostly i 'll cry out of sheer frustration at something - when something i 've put hopes on does n't turn out the way i wanted or when i 'm just so * tired * i ca n't help myself . 
  this 'll happen maybe once every few months . 
  sure i 'll cry at breakups or the loss of a crush . 
  not all the time , though . 
  it depends how serious we were and how much i liked the guy . 
  i think i 've only actually ever cried over two guys and one of them also had a massive ` crying from frustration ' factor tied in to it . 
  and yes , i 'll shed a tear or two at films . 
  * a little princess * gets me every damn time . 
  oh god , so much crap .
