  i mean , i had sort of a sweet one that involved robert downey junior the other night , but it was more of a ` hey , we 're cuddling under a blanket and i do n't have my knickers on ' sort of thing than anything else . 
  i 've never had really intense or vivid sex dreams that i can recall . 
  okay , you are taking yourself * way * too seriously here . 
  you were n't settling , because you got with a pretty girl who ... cancelled your plans constantly , met up with other men and did n't contact you at all ? 
  yeah op , you really met a winner there . 
  i get it , you 're grieving and she broke up with you and it sucks , but * seriously * . 
  get over yourself a bit . 
  you now have to * wade through * all of the women who do n't treat you like shit but , gasp , * are n't as pretty * . 
  i feel for you . 
  seriously , i do . 
  your pride must be so wounded . 
  go have a weekend with your mate , relax , get over her and then go back out there and go fix yourself up a few more dates . 
  you 'll meet someone who you fancy and is n't a total cow eventually , i promise . 
  in the meantime , for gods sake please get off of your high horse a little bit . 
  i think he becomes much more attractive when you find out what an utter dorky dork he is . 
  [ this interview for gotg at google ] ( http://youtu.be/yfqjed8pslu?t=25m ) where he just goes on and on about his d&d characters makes him seem like so much fun !, 
  the whole interview is great , but that particular bit from 25:00 just made me think of him in a whole different light . 
  i think you 'd have a real blast with vin . 
  i went through a point several years ago where i * thought * i believed , and sort of wanted to believe , but i was n't really sure . 
  so i just ... decided to decide , i guess . 
  i got a couple of richard dawkins books , a couple of other things and read them , and made up my mind that i was an atheist , and that was that . 
  it actually felt like a relief , just to have that decision made . 
  it 's just a comfort thing , a routine . 
  finding comfort in something like a blanket , a book or a church does n't always * mean * anything - it 's just a place of nostalgia for a time that you feel safe and comforted in . 
  sometimes i just find saying the lords prayer is comforting , but that 's because we recited it every single day in primary school , so it takes me back to being eight years old and sitting in a big hall , chanting along with the other children at assembly . 
  you can apply as much symbolism to life as you like , but it does n't always signal a hint of bigger things in the world . 
  not really . 
  i 'm more than okay about supporting my partner through troubled times , but when troubled times becomes every single day , i 'm going to cut and run i 'm afraid . 
  just by talking to friends , really . 
  if i 'm down in the dumps because i 'm feeling particularly single and un-romanced , i text a couple of my best friends , or give them a call , or chat to my parents . 
  most of the time it 's not that i 'm * romantically * lonely , it 's that i 'm * sociably * lonely and i just need some company . 
  even half an hour of conversation gets me smiling again . 
  those labrador puppies ca n't all be wrong . 
  30 in two weeks , 
  when you 're eighty five , damn right a day walking around is hard work !, 
  i do business networking events , and an afternoon of socialising politely with other business people is * exhausting * . 
  it 's not like hanging out with your friends down the pub - you 're constantly having to be diplomatic , political and polite to hundreds of people at a time . 
  she 's not spending all of her time giggling at tea parties . 
  and ? 
  do you think diplomats do n't do any work ? 
  because that 's essentially what she is ; a diplomat with a media entourage, 
  uh , i 've never done that . 
  if i do n't like what someone is wearing , i just do n't comment on it . 
  if they compliment * me * and i want to return it , i 'll compliment their jewellery or something else that 's usually conventionally pretty . 
  in short , i act like an adult to other adults , and not like a really shitty person . 
  i do n't do projects . 
  i like a man who knows how to look after himself . 
  so many of his books stick so deeply in the heart , and it 's just so * sad * to hear that he 's gone . 
  he had a satirists eye like nobody else . 
  i 've been reading his words for fifteen years now - it 's just heartbreaking . 
  2-3 eggs in a jug , mix with a fork , add salt & pepper , dollop in some milk and combine . 
  heat a saucepan , pour in the egg-milk combo and stir with a wooden spoon continously until cooked and scrambled . 
  serve over freshly buttered toast , dollop on some ketchup , make a fresh cup of tea ( essential ! ), 
  and enjoy . 
  i do sales for a company that manages telephone systems , telephones lines and broadband for businesses . 
  it 's small , but i get to do loads of different things , and we have the family dog in the office every day so i like it . 
  i 'll be moving on to do teacher training to teach secondary history as of september . 
  i love that all of the marvel cast genuinely seem so excited by the company and by their characters . 
  it 's so refreshing !, 
  i normally just say '' # 15.96 change , thanks '' , give it to them and move on to the next customer . 
  if i * have * to count it out , i 'll start largest note first and work down as i give it to them , so it would be ( using uk denominations of # 10 , # 5 , 50p , 20p , 5p , 1p ) `` and that 's ten , fifteen , fifty , seventy , ninety , ninety-five , ninety-six . 
  thank you ! '', 
  i 've just started listening to no such thing as a fish , which is a panel-format podcast by the qi elves discussing their favourite facts of the week . 
  it 's actually * incredibly * funny , and really brilliant . 
  uk podders or anglophiles should definitely get the bbc friday night comedy podcast too . 
  it rotates between the radio 4 news quiz and the now show , which are both great . 
  it is all uk news , so it might go over the head of aussies/yanks/kiwis somewhat , but i 'd always recommend it . 
  my skin 's exploded into the worst breakout i 've had in two years , which is * seriously * pissing me off and getting me down all at the same time . 
  i need to go back to my gp next week and go back on the pill for it , becuase it 's fucking obscene and i should not be having breakouts this bad when it 's my thirtieth fucking birthday in two weeks . 
  it 's really getting to me . 
  work was quite fun - i did a bit of business network hobnobbing at a free event for an hour which i always enjoy , and had two customers confirm they want to spend money with us/me right at the end of the day . 
  came home , had beans on toast for dinner and then spent the night studying , as usual . 
  i was n't really in the mood for it , but i made myself do it in between reading hawkeye comics online , so it was okay . 
  now in bed and feeling a bit better about the world . 
  i 'm sure you will . 
   we 're always over at / r/askuk if you need anything clarified too . 
  i 'm still mourning the loss of cap 's stealth suit . 
  it was the best costume he 's had by far , and apparently evans loved it the most too . 
  come back stealth suit !, 
  we miss you . 
  i have to say though , sebastian stan 's performance is hands down my favourite part of the whole film . 
  he has six lines , but you know exactly what bucky is thinking in every single scene . 
  even in the [ scene in pierce 's kitchen ] ( https://youtu.be/0_ieizslqfo?t=1m11s ) where he 's half in shadow and all you can see are his eyes , stan still gets across just what is going through the character 's head . 
  just amazing . 
  the best education on this sort of stuff comes through real-life experiences , i think . 
  talking about the way women are portrayed in media is good , but it can feel a bit remote , as celebrities are so untouchable and there 's nothing really there to connect to . 
  start close to home . 
  what do their mums do for a job ? 
  are any of their mums chief executives , or is it mostly dads who are the mds . 
  why do they think that is ? 
  do they have girlfriends or sisters ? 
  what do their girlfriends want to do and why ? 
  do they just all want to get married and have babies , or do any of them want to be scientists and engineers ? 
  how many of the boys want to be scientists engineers vs how many sisters and girlfriends do ? 
  is there a big difference and why ? 
  i 'd also try and get as many of your good female staff in to chat about why they want to teach , * especially * if any of them teach stem and traditionally male subjects . 
  get them to talk about any challenges that they faced , or why girls turn away from doing computing and science and sports . 
  also turn it back on the boys - do any of them want to be teachers ? 
  nurses ? 
  caretakers ?
