  i do n't compare myself . 
  why should i ? 
  i 'm a cool , sociable , interesting person with plenty of friends . 
  i do n't need to compare myself to other people who do n't even know i exist to know that . 
  okay , first things first : * you * are the only one putting this arbitrary deadline on yourself . 
  * you * are the only one giving yourself this pressure to be married by 25 ( why 25 ? ), 
  and to be in a long term relationship by 21 . 
  no one else cares . 
  seriously . 
  * no one * else cares about your marital status . 
  give yourself permission to be okay with not ticking some boxes off of your achievement list yet . 
  life is a marathon , not a sprint - you do n't get any prizes for getting married and having kids early . 
  all you get is a lot of sleepless nights , a massive increase on your bills and a huge decrease in the amount of spontaneous decisions you are able to make . 
  i 'm sure you have a lot of friends who are already married , but i would also think about the number of friends you also have who are single , or even the friends you may know of who are already divorced . 
  i 'm sure it 's a larger number than you may think , and it does help to ease that pressure of ` oh god , i 'm not keeping up with everyone else ! ', 
  and give yourself a break , op . 
  21 is * so young * . 
  you 're not even a quarter of the way through your expected life span yet . 
  enjoy it a little , do n't try and pin yourself down so much !, 
  you 'll be fine . 
  one hour ? 
  something like that . 
  i like lamb rogan josh if i 'm in the mood for something a little tangier , and just lamb korma if i want something plain , all soaked up with plenty of peshwari naan . 
  god i do love indian , but our local takeaway is just so expensive !, 
  mostly straight and at least bicurious . 
  i find women attractive and have enjoyed kissing women before , but i 'm primarily sexually attracted to men . 
  [ university of leicester to change its name to king richard university ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/richard-iii-the-university-of-leicester-expected-to-change-name-to-king-richard-university-10147577.html ) . 
  * just * the touch of believability in there , but it was the proposed renaming of the su to carnage@bosworth that got me . 
  facebook is the only one i really use out of those three . 
  i do n't have the attention span to wade through twitter , and i 'm not really into the arty farty instagram picture thing . 
  adults give each other easter eggs over here , which i know americans do n't have . 
  they 're pretty cheap , and are big hollow chocolate eggs , usually with a small bag of sweets inside . 
  easter breakfast is often just chocolate !, 
  my favourite day of the year . 
  uh , smoking indoors in public buildings is banned over here , so that idea might not work so well !, 
  not according to my friend in oklahoma !, 
  they have little easter eggs for kids but not our usual adult ones . 
  it 's so sad !, 
  it 's elf and safety etc etc etc. . . 
  holy purple prose , batman . 
  i skimmed to the dire ` tango of love ' and gave up . 
  what are you actually asking here ? 
  we really do n't have anything to compare the marching band scene like the americans do - there are some military bands and some scout bands , but certainly no marching band/drums corps displays before sports matches . 
  i went to a drum corps display in texas once and it was completely surreal . 
  i could date someone who has tried dog , but not someone who eats it regularly and eats it more often than they eat pork or beef . 
  i 'm too attached to dogs as pets . 
  i 'm really not sure how you can genuinely get a first if you 've missed a lot of your uni work , but okay . 
  i 'm also not sure how you got accepted to uni with es and us or how you crammed your a levels into just two months work , but okay . 
  i 'll roll with it . 
  should you go and do a masters ? 
  you 're clearly really struggling with applying yourself consistently to academic work , and if you 've not learned how to manage your time with a ba , then doing a ms is not going to help . 
  i think you need to finish your degree , go and get a job , sort out how to manage your life , and then come back and do another degree properly through something like the ou when you 're more capable of sorting out your life . 
  you can not keep slacking off and then cramming in all of your academic work in one go and expect to be able to manage life like that . 
  you need to learn consistency . 
  no and never . 
  i need to find them fit to even consider sleeping with them . 
  i do n't mind tags at all - nsfw tags are vital ( especially when i 'm flicking through tumblr at my lunch break at work ) , and i only hate trigger warnings when they get excessive or seem to be there for the super-sensitive . 
  trigger warnings like ` self harm ' or ` rape ' or things of that nature are totally understandable . 
  the ` period appropriate homophobia ' tags i see on ao3 fics about steve rogers just seems ridiculous , especially when it 's just like one line of dialogue from a 1940s soldier or something . 
  honestly , if you were trying to schedule meetings with me , and i knew they would just be half an hour of complaints about what i did and who i am , i 'd stop showing up too . 
  perhaps for every negative thing you notice about him , try and force yourself to think of a positive . 
  anything at all , no matter how general . 
  did he dress himself tidily today ? 
  did he say thank you to you or his mum ? 
  is he a popular boy at school ? 
  has he done well in a test lately ? 
  okay , he might have put the good knives in the dishwasher , but at least he * put them in the dishwasher * rather than just leaving them out on the side . 
  positivity is all practice , it 's not something that 's just going to show up tomorrow and fill the house with bright unicorn light . 
  just try and see little good things about him . 
  you 're not perfect either , after all , but i 'm sure he can still see some good things about you . 
  oooh i love the multiple pony one . 
  i 'm just growing my hair out so i 'm learning all of the pony tricks too , and this looks so useful !, 
  you were broken up . 
  so she slept with someone else and it happened to be your birthday , tough shit . 
  that does n't make her a ` dumb slut ' , it does n't make this other guy a little shit , it just means that you 're hurt and jealous and upset . 
  that is fair , but there is nothing you can do about it except get over it , because she did nothing wrong * on this occasion * . 
  likewise , stop making excuses for her . 
  you had a trainwreck of a relationship , which apparently you attempted three times . 
  you fully admit that she has mental health problems , but apparently have deluded yourself into pinning it all on this guy that she slept with . 
  you need to walk away from this girl * properly * and not look back , because she is not good for you . 
  hell , by the sound of it she 's not very good for anyone to be in a relationship with . 
  do yourself a favour and separate yourself out from this before she really ends up screwing you over . 
  you ca n't just assign an arbitrary concept like love to something and go `` well this is * love * , so that makes it * okay * . '', 
  if love means getting screwed over while you keep banging your head against a brick wall and trying to make a relationship work that is fundamentally broken then sure , have at it . 
  enjoy your trainwreck . 
  you 're in love . 
  that makes it all okay . 
  also , he did n't ` build this up and then fuck her ' . 
  she was flirting with this guy when she was single . 
  she admits it herself , she had a crazy wild night with him and was excited about it . 
  you have to be realistic about this . 
  you might be in love with her ( and i believe that you are , honestly ) , but i do n't think she 's very much in love with you . 
  nope . 
  here in the uk adults give each other [ big chocolate easter eggs ] ( http://www.london-unattached.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/supereasteregggift.png ) , so i 've been munching my way through a cadburys roses one while doing some degree study . 
  chocolate on the chandelier ? 
  does n't that have a worrying drippy-melting possibility ? 
  maybe it was someone who did n't like the idea of * more * internet women rejecting even * more * poor single men oh noes oh dears woe . 
  what . 
  ass . 
  what a selfish , cheap , self interested * arsehole * .
