  also , what if linda promised you she was in a relationship but totally celibate ? 
  that 's not sinning , right ? 
  that 's what priests are supposed to do , after all . 
  so you 're not even in the same * state * as her ? 
  what is your * issue * ? 
  you do know that she is n't going to be your only lgbt employee , right ? 
  it 's not even like you 're hearing her talk about her relationship . 
  she just exists out in the world , and that 's apparently enough to fire her . 
  yes . 
  if he pays for sex , he 's sleazy , and i would have no interest . 
  ducks in a row makes no difference to me . 
  because i much prefer the humanities and arts instead ? 
  i find them vastly more interesting and engaging than maths , coding and programming . 
  i was always terrible at maths anyway . 
  awwwww , what a wonderful story !!, 
  i love it !, 
  and guessing at the department store : debenhams ? 
  i 'm a secondary history teacher and have been/will be teaching empire to year 8 . 
  i was training last year and an employed this year at different schools , so the scheme of work will be slightly different . 
  last year we taught the reasons britain colonised countries , some aspect of colonial rule in india , and rebellions . 
  students then had to write an essay on ` should we be proud of the british empire ? ' . 
  it was split about halfway on opinions pro/anti empire , and we then followed it up with a module on the slave trade which divided some of their opinions even further . 
  we did about six to eight lessons on empire , but there 's so much to it that it felt really rushed . 
  i think the kids liked it though . 
  well , it would certainly be a different country in lots of different ways . 
  we certainly made life worse for people in the various colonies and did some pretty rancid things , but we also brought over lots of improvements , like the railways , which i understand are a pretty integral part of indian life . 
  hence the divided opinions from the kids on whether they should be proud or not . 
  i now have two pupsters !, 
  [ henry ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0kulewl.jpg ) is the oldest and he 's a gorgeous , [ cheeky ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqdtttq.jpg ) , [ pain in the neck ] ( http://i.imgur.com/golc6eb.jpg ) . 
  he 's an english setter , almost five years old and my baby . 
  [ william ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h86e1wp.jpg ) is our new rescue setter from bosnia , and is somewhere between two and four years old . 
  he 's so nervous , and super underweight ( henry is 30kg , william joined us at 17kg ) but so loving . 
  all he wants is to feel safe , and he 'll stick to you like glue . 
  i think they 're [ starting ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0z2npuz.jpg ) to [ get along !, 
  i did that too and ended up with a 2:1 . 
  it was hard !, 
  i lived at home , worked for my dad which gave me more leeway for study time , and was basically a hermit for three years . 
  it was so worth it , though . 
  i 'm a first year teacher too , and i made a mistake today with a trans student where i just put my foot in my mouth without thinking . 
  i apologised straight away , the student said it was okay , and i just have to move on , learn from it and not do the same mistake again . 
  we all make mistakes . 
  it 's the learning part that 's the most important . 
  he is beautiful !, 
  aww automod , we do n't see enough of you feminazi-ing . 
  talkative . 
  i always make a point , think no one 's heard it and then repeat myself half a dozen times . 
  we have a trainee in who is quite young , and seems to think he 's a bit cleverer , and knows more about this job than he actually does . 
  he 's starting to drive me up the wall . 
  hurray !, 
  secondary school history teacher . 
  i got my degree specifically to become a history teacher , in fact . 
  doing house chores , trying to do marking and failing miserably , reading reddit , watching netflix . 
  i generally try to keep my saturdays really lazy , and end up going home to my parents and dogs or doing something outside the house on a sunday . 
  i love the fool from robin hobbs ' * elderlings * series of books . 
  he 's so enigmatic , so loyal , so loving , and so driven all at the same time . 
  fitz is a wonderful lead character to draw you into the books , but my heart is really with the fool . 
  you have no idea whether he 's single , married , or has a dozen kids . 
  you 've been talking for two weeks over snapchat . 
  you do n't know this man * at all * . 
  try robin hobb !, 
  she 's a fantasy author and writes the * best * female characters who actually get shit done . 
  it 's so refreshing . 
  ` strongly cherished ' * for you * . 
  they do n't matter to us quite honestly because it 's not the start of * our * country . 
  it 's the start of your country , so its more important to you . 
  our students learn about things like the battle of hastings , thomas becket , the great plague , richard arkwright and the blitz . 
  it 's the same reason we put so much focus on the trenches in world war one , and americans do n't ( as i understand ) . 
  it affected us greatly , and only partially affected you . 
  i got a second student loan for my ou degree , but only because it was a ` superior ' qualification . 
  my first degree was a ba from a scottish university . 
  my ou degree would be a ba ( hons ) - the hons is superior to just a ba , therefore i qualified and got tuition fees and a grant for three years . 
  might be worth looking into that if you can !, 
  i love that place !, 
  they have the most enormous portions too !, 
  the apple and cinnamon pancake is excellent . 
  i wonder where edinburgh is standing in for !, 
  pour more of them in and then leave them to last when i can savour them all . 
  raisins are the best part !, 
  i have zero opinions on this thing that does n't affect my life . 
  what does the man think of himself ? 
  expensive hand cream ? 
  my mum adores jo malone , and their products are a bit pricier but smell divine . 
  i think anything tactile would be lovely - scarves are a particular favourite for me . 
  generally either film scores or classic fm . 
  lately i 've really got into white noise , so i 'll often have things like [ this gryffindor common room atmosphere ] ( https://youtu.be/8ylxmfmstdm ) playing . 
  it seems to help me be productive !, 
  i did my history degree full time through the ou and loved it . 
  i 'd happily go back to them for a masters . 
  it 's * really * hard work , particularly in years 2 and 3 , but i 've never been so proud before in my life when i got to collect that degree . 
  it got me on to a great teacher training course and into my current job as a secondary history teacher . 
  if you 've not done further education you can definitely qualify for a student loan to pay for the tuition fees . 
  i do n't think i 'd be half as good at my job if i had n't gone through the ou . 
  it taught me time management , prioritising workload and revision techniques that my gcse and a-level students need , but it also taught me how to create a work-life balance . 
  teaching really demands all your time , so having done something that also demanded all my time but also kept up good friendships with that really helps in this job . 
  best of luck !, 
  i was thinking that . 
  i gave my year 10s source packs today to do some research , and i just really got the feeling that they wanted me to just stand at the front and read off the answers , instead of reading the stuff and working it out for themselves . 
  i 'm a typical boomerang child . 
  i left for uni , stayed out for a couple of years , then had to move back while i did a new degree and changed careers . 
  i also worked for my dad at the same time , and it meant we could get a dog again .
