  people can be smart and still have fun doing silly self-definition things . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  ... what sort of reaction was he seriously expecting out of that ? 
  oh yes strange man , now you have your flaccid willy in your hand i am totally swayed to your exotic charms ? 
  hufflepuffs are lovely !, 
  they 're super loyal and i like that they live by the kitchens . 
  unfortunately they also have a tendency to kick the bucket pretty often . 
  ohh , does shwarma mean kebabs ?? 
  that avengers scene makes much more sense now . 
  within the first five minutes i normally have a pretty good idea about whether we have chemistry or not . 
  you just know when it 's easy to bounce off someone and flirt with them . 
  i always see a date out to its end , bar maybe finishing it at 10pm rather than 11pm or whatever . 
  if i do feel it , i normally always text when i get home to say `` i had a fun night ! '', 
  but i 'm reasonably proactive when i 'm really into the guy . 
  i think shame is a good way to get someone to stop doing something ( catcalling , being homophobic , whatever ) , but not to get them to * start * doing something , like going out to vote . 
  if i told someone i did n't vote for whatever reason and they moaned at me about it and told me how awful i was , it 's not going to change my mind . 
  i 'm still not going to go out and vote . 
  if they told me persuasive , enthusiastic things about the difference one vote makes , or the benefits of picking an independent party , it might change my mind . 
  because he 's cute . 
  because i 'm in a good mood . 
  because i 'm listening to a comedy podcast and they just said something funny . 
  because he smiled at me first . 
  because i want to . 
  basically . 
  people reckon they can * smell * menstruation now ? 
  what are we , daredevil ? 
  i have never been able to tell when a friend is on the rag unless they ask me for a pad or tampon . 
  i might well be completely oblivious in this regard , but i do n't think so . 
  at least , i do n't think anything about me particularly changes outwardly , so i do n't see how anyone would guess . 
  i get a bit clumsy , but that 's really about it . 
  from about 10pm , i guess ? 
  definitely from 11pm . 
  i live on one of the main roads of my village so we might get the occasional car or bus pass by up until midnight , but it 's normally pretty silent from then . 
  you do n't need her permission to break up with her . 
  if you 're unhappy in the relationship , then you need to sit down with her , tell her that and end things . 
  it wo n't be easy , but it would be best for both of you . 
  i do kind of understand where her coldness is coming from though . 
  if you 've been having sex consistently for four years , then you break it off to be abstinent before marriage for the sake of a newly rediscovered religion and you reject all of her advances for sex , i 'm not surprised that she 's turned frosty towards you . 
  it 's not fair to just suddenly turn the tables on a partner like that , especially when a sexual relationship has been part of your life . 
  it does n't make sense to switch sex ` off ' until you 've said your vows and then expect everything to resume as normal from then on . 
  just something to consider . 
  yes , i find it really weird , and i would have no idea how to even respond to anything like that . 
   think it 's a good way to just stalk talking to a girl, 
  also , please do n't stalk talk me . 
  that 's even weirder . 
  channel 4 might have to ask questions other than movie ones , but any good media person should be able to tell when your interviewee dislikes your line of question and change tack . 
  it was unprofessional of krishnan to keep pushing the subject when rdj had already made it clear that he did n't like it . 
  he could have asked about * anything * else , but he went straight for the ` so you used to be a druggie ' line . 
  channel 4 is n't the only news channel interviewing during this press junket , but it is the only one that 's had any member of cast walk out of it . 
  press junkets normally always take place in hotel rooms , so i would n't be too surprised by that . 
  they have multiple rooms for actors/directors/screenwriters , and press people can be corralled in and out for a few minutes at a time . 
  you can get a variety of angles and the furniture looks professional too . 
  in the cinema you mean ? 
  i never look at my phone . 
  if we 're just on the sofa , it 's just habit to flick through my phone occasionally . 
  action movies like anything from the mcu , mission impossible or bourne films will keep my attention much longer , though . 
  and layer de la haye . 
  i tried it , because i 'm good at sales and had already been working in the entertainment industry , so i thought it would be a good match . 
  i * hated * it . 
  i could not have cared less whether a dvd review went into the sun on friday or not . 
  who gives a toss whether a puff piece about that new tv series gets read by whoever reads the daily mail online ? 
  the only fun bit was meeting a magician before he hit the big time , and attending a series premiere . 
  i got to do that twice and i basically handed a lot of journalists name tags for an afternoon . 
  i was good at it and they wanted me to stay on longer , but it made me realise i needed to work in something that actually affected people 's lives rather than sit on the phone all day talking to irate journalists . 
  same with actors . 
  they 're lovely people and make for great company at parties , but the incessant me me me bit drove me absolutely nuts . 
  i was interviewing for teacher training places earlier this year and was rejected like four times before i got the yes i wanted . 
  it sucked , it * really * sucked , especially when i 'd set my heart on a place . 
  mostly i let myself have a little cry about it , gave myself a day to wallow and be sad , and then just made myself get up and try again . 
  all you need is that one yes and then everything will be fine . 
  and they 've confirmed a season two !!, 
  yes to more shirtless charlie cox !, 
  same !, 
  rewatching it and catching all of those little hints and details is the best part . 
  for the actors i lived with in drama school , it was n't about necessarily monopolising attention at a party , but * everyone * had to be the wittiest , everyone had to be quickest off the line with the joke and the clever come back . 
  it 's really a natural effect of the job and the fact that everyone around you is competition . 
  i do n't blame actors for being that way , i love them , but it 's * exhausting * for anyone who 's not a luvvie . 
  marvel just [ announced it yesterday !, 
  ] ( http://marvel.com/news/tv/24478/netflix_orders_a_second_season_of_marvels_daredevil ) season 2 in 2016 , and then we 'll see him again in the defenders series with jessica jones , iron fist and luke cage . 
  and then ... who knows !, 
  infinity wars maybe ? 
  it 's brilliant . 
  oh my giddy aunt !, 
  thank you !!, 
  that 's so kind of you !, 
  women who push the boundaries for themselves , follow their passions and do something a little different always impress me . 
  i think people think smart people impress me , but they really do n't . 
  * passionate * people impress me , and women most of all . 
  a friend of mine is a real , real homebody , but she moved four hours away from her immediate family to a place of the uk she did n't know at all to support her husband in setting up a grassroots church . 
  they 're absolutely flourishing there now and i 'm so proud of her . 
  an actor friend keeps plugging away at her small gigs just to do what she loves . 
  my cousin 's wife set up a small home baking business doing the most * gorgeous * cake pops that now has demand outstripping supply . 
  a friend of a friend started designing and making the most exquisite handmade baby bibs with patterns on like superwoman and lego and vintage cassettes . 
  they 're so cool and so creative !, 
  my best friend quit her phd to keep her sanity which was so brave of her . 
  another friend is moving to san diego in a months time for four years to do a postdoc , which i think is super brave of her as she 's only been to the states once before . 
  one close friend totally restripped and remade a houseboat to live on on the thames with her husband , and they now have a little boy who they 're supporting with her prop design business . 
  honestly , i have such cool , amazing women around me and i 'm so proud of all of them . 
  they do a fucking amazing job . 
  multiple chocolate anything makes me deliriously happy .
