  for some reason only scottish bartenders seem to know what it is when i ask for it , though . 
  vodka , lime , lemonade and angostura bitters . 
  delicious !, 
  if not that , then a rose spritzer with lemonade . 
  rinse 2 . 
  conditioner 4 . 
  shower gel all over 5 . 
  shave ( armpits , then legs , then pubic ) 5 . 
  rinse conditioner 6 . 
  stand under hot water for a moment and be lazy 7 . 
  done . 
  my puppy . 
  guaranteed to be happy to see me and want to give me cuddles every time i walk through the door !, 
  i really do n't drink much at all , and i 'm a brit . 
  having chats in the pub until it closes is fine with me . 
  watching you get wankered and stupid with your mates definitely is n't . 
  i do n't feel comfortable around drunks , even if it 's just for banter or whatever . 
  this goes double if it 's a regular occurrence - i.e. 
  once a week/once a month or more . 
  i do n't care because i am precisely 0 % surprised . 
  the internet was a military invention . 
  who honestly really thought that it would n't be used for government or military means ? 
  we are infinitely more connected now , so we 're infinitely more trackable in every way . 
  do n't like it ? 
  start writing paper letters again and get those smoke signals out . 
  google has my full name , address , phone number ( s ) and email address . 
  student finance online has my ni number . 
  photobucket has photos of me . 
  barclays online has my bank statements . 
  t mobile has my phone records . 
  reddit and livejournal has entries on my past intimate relationships . 
  my information is * out there * . 
  it 's been stored on various servers for years . 
  why should i suddenly be so shocked that all of this is , and can be , traced ? 
  gloves . 
  he obsessively steals gloves and runs around with them looking very proud of himself . 
  we 've actually had to give him his own pair of gloves to keep him happy . 
  strange dog . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  how did you even find that out ? 
  it 's funny - i think in a way spy movies have lessened the impact of this . 
  it 's like that scene in the bourne ultimatum where they drew up every bit of detail on that guardian journalist and then tried to hack into his phone to listen to his conversation . 
  who really watched that and thought it would n't be possible for the government to do ? 
  he will actually go and rummage in people 's handbags and various rooms for gloves if he thinks they 're in there . 
  my dad had the garage open once , and henry went in four times and came out each time with a different glove . 
  i do n't even know how he finds them all !, 
  sex is not necessary to stay alive . 
  sex is a bonus in life , not a compulsory requirement like food or water or electricity , which are the things that welfare gives you ( monetary ) access to . 
  if a guy is so desperate to stick his penis in a vagina that he 'll pay for it rather than wait like the rest of us , then that 's not someone i 'd particularly like to be with . 
  it tells me that he regards women as a means to an end and that 's about it . 
  for what it 's worth , i 've not slept with anyone in about three years , because i 'd like to have sex again within a relationship rather than a one night stand , which are n't particularly satisfying for me . 
  i also have zero desire to go find a male prostitute . 
  i 'm sorry , that still does n't justify it for me . 
  i 'm sure that like you said there are many men whose self worth is so tied up in the number of times they have sex that they get depressed or suicidal if they go through a dry spell . 
  that 's a really sad thing to hear . 
  the thing is , another one of the few ways to alleviate frustration is depression medicine from your gp . 
  or therapy . 
  it 's what we advise alcoholics to do , or junkies , or people who are suicidal for any other means . 
  a prostitute is just a sticking plaster for a greater problem . 
  it does n't * help * anything . 
  also , if that 's how they 're justifying why they paid for sex ( a build up of sexual frustration that needs to be alleviated ) then how are they going to be in a relationship ? 
  sex is n't going to be an act for them that shares intimacy and emotions with their partner , it 's going to be an outlet for frustration . 
  if you need to have sex to keep you emotionally and mentally stable , then i 'm not going to have sex with you , because i do n't know how much of a bargaining chip that 's going to be later on down the road . 
  adult gymnastics ( and competed for the first time last weekend !, 
  ) , dog showing , baking , pilates , reading fantasy novels , museums , going to the theatre , and watching tv . 
  oh , and i 'm trying to reteach myself how to play the flute again too . 
  creeped out . 
  why is he staring at me ? 
  why wo n't he stop staring at me ? 
  oh god - now he 's smiling . 
  i 'm going over here now ... 
  yes . 
  i 've always felt like i 'd be a good mum and i 'm looking forward to teaching my theoretical future kids all sorts of things about the world . 
  always . 
  this is precisely what london underground was designed for . 
  i saw an article about that today and was appalled . 
  if the fucking prime minister of a first world country like australia is still being targeted with misogynistic insults ` as a joke ' what hope do the rest of us have ? 
  there is a difference here in the insult , i think . 
  the political cartoonists here in the uk make fun of politicans appearances * constantly * - the standard format for david cameron ( our pm ) is as a [ head squashed inside a condom ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/theguardian/series/guardiancommentcartoon ) because his face is just too smooth . 
  i could never ever see a time where a cartoon of david cameron shows him as a flaccid penis to poke fun at his virility . 
  but it * is * okay to turn julia gillard into a pair of tits , thighs and vagina . 
  i think flair is certainly a helpful reference to see the pov that an argument might be coming from , but i 'd feel uneasy about requiring everyone to have flair . 
  i do think extra icons for sexuality would be good , though . 
  i would n't use one , but i 'm sure plenty of others would . 
  no facebook is fine - i generally feel uncomfortable with adding people i 've just started dating anyway . 
  i went out with one bloke for a few dates who had facebook but hardly used it since he was a teacher . 
  it does n't bother me . 
  no mobile is different , though . 
  that 's much more about making arrangements or a quick way to tell someone i 'll be late/early/in a different place . 
  i 'd expect anyone my age to have some kind of mobile and know how to use it . 
  seriously does n't bother me how much he spends on his bills . 
  i 'd assume he has some free texts on there since all the mobile companies throw them in now and he can physically read my texts and reply . 
  but you only get charged to send texts , not receive them do n't you ? 
  i do n't understand why you would be charged when a friend texted you ... ? 
  a land line . 
  fixed house phone . 
  wow , that 's crappy . 
  i work in telecoms and i 'll happily admit some companies will freely sting you for everything you 've got . 
  yes !, 
  i live in a town that was sieged during the civil war and has monuments to cavalier leaders who were shot for it and buildings with preserved bullet holes , but i * still * do n't know that much about it .
