  i * like * wearing makeup every day , and fuck them if they do n't like that fact . 
  is taking the pill to help clear my skin also lying ? 
  or wearing fitted clothes or spanx , or doing my hair ? 
  and hey , even if ` they ' think it 's lying , * i do n't fucking care * . 
  i am thirty one years old , and i can wear whatever i want on my body without being judged about it not being ` real ' . 
  saying that makeup is a lie is not a preference , it is an opinion . 
  and yes , i think it 's a very childish opinion for all of the reasons that everyone else has stated in this thread . 
  from what little i know of the housing market economy , i think london and manhattan are very similar . 
  very pricy , very competitive and very fast moving . 
  as a historian , i think you 'd most appreciate york , edinburgh and durham . 
  they 're all very very beautiful cities , and edinburgh in particular will always have a piece of my heart . 
  edinburgh also has four universities in , so you 're not lacking for nightlife or events . 
  i lived there for four years so i may be biased , but honestly it 's the most wonderful place to go !, 
  finding dates and seeing where those go . 
  i 'm not really a casual sex person ( at the moment anyway ) and tinder is a quick way of fixing up dates and finding new people in my local area . 
  i just shrug and smile . 
  i 'm english , but people always always ask me if i 'm australian , kiwi or even south african . 
  i do n't feel like it 's an insult , just that they 're curious about the way i talk . 
  tell them where you 're actually from and an `` oh , i get that all the time ! '', 
  also , what on earth is a european accent ? 
  a spanish one ? 
  dutch ? 
  italian ? 
  im english and they 're very different words to me !, 
  the i in pin is said with the i like ` ick ' and the e in pen is the same e as ` eggs ' . 
  not as much as i 'd like . 
  i 'm assuming you mean actual waitressed meals rather than eating in cafes ? 
  i probably only go once a month . 
  so , lets get this straight . 
  your mum changed the wedding venue , the reception venue , the food , the guest list and potentially the dress ( completely ignoring the fact that red is a lucky colour in asian cultures ) , and you 're getting stuck on the fact that your bride may be putting her foot down about her guest choice ? 
  what else , exactly , is left for her to choose ? 
  you and your mother have removed all of her choices from this wedding , and you 're looking to remove even more choices ( the maid of honour ) . 
  no wonder she 's scrambling to put some of her own stamp on this . 
  how do you think she feels , knowing that her future mother in law is steam rollering all of her opinions on a day that is supposed to celebrate the two of you coming together and starting a whole new family ? 
  how well does this bode for decisions about kids or houses , or anything else that you need to work together on ? 
  the food bit is awful !, 
  `` oh , who cares what the bride likes to eat for one course , no one else will possibly like it even a little bit , they 'll all dump it in rubbish bags and it will be waste because it 's yucky asian food that only the person getting married and her * one sibling * might enjoy . '', 
  how abominably disrespectful can you be ? 
  and her suggestions were for an entree !, 
  it would probably be something small and delicate and probably look exquisite on a plate , and the mil and op have just said nope , our stuffy friends could n't possibly like something foreign , get rid of it . 
  i feel awful for that poor bride . 
  people are perfectly free to talk about it . 
  you can still comment on other threads that went up over the weekend , you just ca n't ask brand new relationship questions on a monday . 
  it 's hardly stifling discussion - and to be honest , it 's * really * nice to have one day a week that 's free from it anyway . 
  / r/iwantout is the best sub for this . 
  we 're mostly all natives here so we ca n't really answer about moving questions , but i would say you 're worrying about the wrong things . 
  boxing clubs and gyms should be at the bottom of the list here , and working out whether you 're even eligible for a visa needs to be your # 1 concern . 
  we are not an easy place for americans to immigrate to , and uk immigration law is * very * strict . 
  do you have a job that is on the skills shortage list ? 
  do you work for an international company that may be able to do an internal transfer to a uk branch ? 
  just liking european lager is hardly grounds for a visa , you know . 
  yes , i 'm a teacher so i 'm in atl . 
  it 's free this year as i 'm newly qualified , which is fine with me !, 
  a couple of reasons ; atl brought a couple of free training sessions to norwich during my pgce year and i really liked them so i decided to stick with them . 
  it also turns out that atl are the biggest union in my current school which works out well for me as there 's a workplace representative i can go to if i need to . 
  i 'm a history teacher and i share several classes with other teachers . 
  it all comes down to the way the timetable is created . 
  sixth form and year 11 classes get room and teacher priority because they 're important exam years . 
  year 10 classes then get sorted out , followed by year 9 then 8 then 7 . 
  that means your lower years are the last to have the rooms and teachers allocated , so some might need to be taught by two teachers because one also has another class at the same time . 
  your teachers should be proactive about talking to each other and making sure you 're not going to be taught the same thing twice in a row , or they know when homework should be handed in . 
  it really should n't affect you more than that . 
  nope , not at all . 
  that situation sounds utterly miserable for me . 
  i would far rather stay single than try to build attraction with someone i do n't feel any actual attraction to . 
  pushy , but in a good way . 
  from day one they told us `` you are some of the smartest girls in the country , you can get anything you want if you work hard enough '' and that really sticks deep in your head when you 're told it from such a young age . 
  all the girls i know who went to my school are big over achievers now as adults but have this confidence about getting where we want to be . 
  i always found it a really warm , supportive environment , even with the pressure to do well and go to oxbridge . 
  the only downside for me was when i wanted to divert from that and do a theatre degree at a small drama school no one knew , as i felt that the school lost interest in me since i was n't an oxbridge applicant . 
  looking back now , i wish i 'd taken more advantage of being in that type of school . 
  i had the most amazing teachers and i did n't really work enough at a-level to get the grades i was capable of . 
  i 'm really glad my parents got me to do the 11 + . 
  i 'd happily go back to teach there in the future if i could . 
  i 'd support new ones opening . 
  i think they 're a great thing for extremely bright kids , or extremely focused kids who can and will thrive under that added kind of pressure . 
  yes , they cater to a subset of children , but so do faith schools and many of the free schools that the government has allowed . 
  if we 're opening up the boundaries of what schools are allowed to be , i think more grammars should be permitted to develop too . 
  so , why do you think you 're still single ? 
  the rest of his questions were totally normal , but that really threw me for a loop . 
  how do you even answer that ? 
  her characters are * amazing * and her tawny man trilogy brings me to tears every single time . 
  she 's just brilliant . 
  i probably could n't date them , but sure i could be friends with them . 
  that 's fine . 
  i think you see the biggest change in bucky during the final train scene . 
  he 's stalking down the corridors with his rifle in a way that does n't really align with the excited young soldier you see at the expo . 
  it 's very subtle acting , but sebastian stan really does nail the way bucky hardens as a soldier , especially as he spends more time post serum injection . 
  also , his costuming is a big give away . 
  compare the way he 's dolled and dressed up at the expo to the really shoddy way he 's wearing his uniform in the bar , or how dishevelled he is when the rescued soldiers march back to camp . 
  those are deliberate choices by the costume department to have him looking so scruffy , and it says a lot about his state of mind . 
  `` beloved , i have missed your face . '', 
  so sad !, 
  i never really chose to stop drinking , and i still enjoy a glass of wine or a gin and tonic every couple of weeks . 
  i just choose to have tea or water more often than i choose to have alcohol , and i just generally prefer being more sober . 
  i used to drink a lot in my twenties and i do n't particularly drink much anymore at all . 
  saying that though , i do feel noticeably worse in the evening after having a drink , and i 'm always fuzzier in the morning and less able to focus . 
  love : the smell of the sunday roast dinner getting cooked right next to me . 
  yum !, 
  hate : how humid it still is .
