  especially if you go to basel for fasnacht . 
  totally unique . 
  i loved it . 
  not really . 
  my scale just goes from `` yes please ! '', 
  to `` eh , he 's all right '' to `` nope '' . 
  employment still is n't very good over here , and just a ba in [ something ] wo n't get you anywhere . 
  you also need a visa to work - see / u/simoncowbell 's link . 
  you also have to remember that for an employer to hire you ( with your visa ) , they have to prove that not only can they not find someone in the uk to do that job , but they can not find anyone from the eu able to do it either . 
  unless you have an exceptionally rare ba or special training in a required skillset , you 're going to struggle with that . 
  you ca n't just turn up here , rent a flat and apply for citizenship without some kind of employment visa and/or eligibility criteria . 
  do n't you think we already have thousands of people from non eu countries trying to do that already ? 
  are either of your parents british , irish or european ? 
  do you work for an international company who may consider transferring you to an english office ? 
  if not , it 's just not happening . 
  come over here , have your holiday , enjoy seeing our lovely country , make some new friends , and go home . 
  i disagree with wind farms . 
  i live on a tidal area where wind farms employ a lot of people i know , who earn really very excellent wages for working on them . 
  the only problem is , the farms are still all subsidised by the government , and are not economically viable on their own . 
  we 're throwing money at them and getting very little back for it . 
  no one in my area actually agrees with them , but while times are good they 're jumping on the good wage bandwagon . 
  if your company might expand over here , then i definitely think that would be your best route , and by far the easiest way to get a visa . 
  stick with them and see where it gets you . 
  in the meantime , come and take lots of holidays over here to learn all about our culture . 
  brits and americans are similar in some ways , and very different in lots more . 
   very different in some aspects . 
  i 'm talking to someone from the uk now and it 's so funny how different some things are . 
  it 's one thing that really interests me . 
  the culture over there interests me more than the american culture . 
  if they have n't already , get them to explain the concept of pub lunches to you . 
  i think our casual drinking culture is one thing that particularly catches americans by surprise . 
  i tend to think in the way of improvements for them ; ` oh she 'd look so much nicer with a better haircut ' , or ` please do n't wear that dress , it looks * awful * on you ' or ` she needs to wear a v-neck ' . 
  by the sound of his earlier comments he 's got an english friend ( girlfriend ? ), 
  who he 's talking to . 
  i 'm guessing they 're nottingham based . 
  right now , preferably a strong twinings darjeeling , splash of milk , no sugar . 
  in the morning it 's a pg tips brew , strong , hefty dose of milk and one sugar . 
  the only way to start the day . 
  gymnastics , dog shows , reading , baking , dicking around on the internet , swimming . 
  who can physically spend the most time with the dog ? 
  who is around the most ? 
  does one of you spend more time working/out with friends than the other ? 
  the dog should stay with the person who can be around the most and who can best look after it . 
  pretty much all of your free time should be spent with an animal who lives with you and looks up to you for its socialisation and care . 
  saying that more than half your free time was spent with it does n't matter much if all of your free time amounted to a few hours a week . 
  as long as he does n't mind me having a dog or two , we 're all good . 
  i do n't think # 4 should bother you - people will always find other people attractive in relationships . 
  crushing on celebrities is a harmless way to express that - they 're totally unobtainable and made to be good looking by huge make up teams , fitness coaches and wardrobe staff . 
  maybe she would n't actually mind you saying that you like how another woman looks onscreen . 
  she 's not doing anything wrong , and i always think it 's a bit silly to pretend that your so is only into you , and only you forever and ever when both of you know it 's not the case . 
  the other points , however , i * would * be bothered by , especially # 3 . 
  it 's totally her prerogative to fancy you more for your personality , and to go outside her ` type ' to be with you . 
  those things are great . 
  wanting to mould you into her perfect guy * despite * saying how much she likes you is really not that great , however . 
  she really should n't be doing that . 
  a lot of people say things like that quite unconsciously - daughters picking up the urge to diet and be thin from their mums talking about weight loss around them , for example . 
  i get the feeling that your problems are coming from a lot of insecurity that you 're picking up from her . 
  she loves you for your personality and how not like other guys you are , but she wants to ` fix ' you into what she wants , reinforced by her saying how sexy she finds other men . 
  i think if she was n't doing the last two things , you 'd be fine with the first two . 
  i 'm sure she 's not doing any of it in a nasty way or to be deliberately mean , but i do think you need to sit her down and talk seriously about it . 
  tell her you 're happy that she loves you but she 's undermining your confidence , and you 'd like to stay the cool , fun guy that she fell in love with . 
  i enjoy shaving and the sensation of having smooth legs , but yes , i do feel obliged to . 
  i was at a gym class the other week wearing shorts , and when i was sitting chatting with some of the other girls i felt a bit embarrassed that i had stubbly legs with a couple of days growth on them . 
  i 'm sure they did n't notice , but * i * noticed , and i felt like i should have gone in to class with totally smooth pins . 
  sure !, 
  i love hanging out round gay men . 
  i went to drama school and then worked in theatre for four years after all - i 'm more than used to it . 
  move on to someone else . 
  if she 's in to her twenties or older , do n't waste time playing silly games . 
  you can find better . 
  it 's always going to be an emotive subject , especially when the animals being culled are relatively cute and harmless . 
  i 'm not sure how i stand on either side , but that 's because i have n't sat down and read any of the evidence . 
  i also do n't want to make a reactive choice based on '' ... but badgers ! '', 
  when cattle are effectively also being culled for being tb reactive . 
  there was a farmer being interviewed on r4 today talking about how much of his herd have been continuously culled because they 're tb reactive , despite his farm being on lockdown with no other cattle going in our out . 
  he suggested that it 's very hard to gauge the real cause of tb spread when only one part of the equation ( i.e. 
  cattle ) have really been vaccinated against it or killed because they contract it . 
  i do think that 's a sensible point of view . 
   i wasnt kidding about the abuse in the foster care system , its actually pretty tramatic for many kids, 
  so you 're complaining about potential abuse in the foster care system , which is in * no way * guaranteed , but you 're totally okay with a little boy growing up around his meth-addled mum . 
  newsflash : biological parents are not always the right people for children to grow up with . 
  because he had an irish accent . 
  he was also hairy , drunk and obnoxious . 
  an hour of `` jaysus !, 
  jaysus christ ! '', 
  later and i was sooooo done . 
  i guess it depends on what 's been going on in that person 's life . 
  i sort of count myself as having no real relationship experience , because my last long term relationship was when i was 16/17 ( for a year and a bit ) , i 'm 28 now and since then it 's been really short term flings and nothing else . 
  i do actually think of myself as a bit of an odd fish for that , and i 'm not quite sure how that will go down with the current guy i 'd like to date . 
  i would have liked to have something serious turn up in my early twenties or at least by the time i was 25/26 . 
  if i 'm waiting for something i 'm normally reading a gdoc i share with a good friend , facebooking , on reddit , or sometimes playing a word game . 
  a reality-tv watching accountant who 's been in a long term relationship for multiple years , owns a cat and spends her weekends training for marathons . 
  i work in an office now , but i used to work as a freelance lighting technician and stage manager in theatres . 
  loved it , got to travel all over the world doing it on a cruise ship , had a great time and met some amazing people . 
  i 'm now retraining to become a history teacher . 
  eh , i can be . 
  i tend to be judgey about my friend 's relationships more than anything , just because there 's * so much * to talk about . 
  or gossip , if we 're being honest here . 
  i 'm generally pretty live-and-let-live , though . 
  i saw something like thirty countries in six months .
