  if you were ** deliberately ** flirting with them with the intention of embarrassing them , * that * would be leading them on . 
  you 're not . 
  you 're just being polite . 
  you 're not doing anything wrong here . 
  i 've always got along well with american girls . 
  i think you 're all very outgoing and friendly , and * much * louder than us brits . 
  all of the american girls i know try really hard to make you feel welcome , and americans in general are just really really * really * positive people . 
  it 's all the `` yeah !, 
  yes we can ! '', 
  it 's like bob the builder on steroids , but it 's very endearing . 
  i do love that about americans . 
  they 'll always go out of their way to help you out or have a chat , which i think is so sweet . 
  the article says that as the age range gets bigger ( 35 + ) the number of single women increases and overtakes men . 
  so , i 'm guessing that maybe in the younger groups there are more single men as we 've got more pressure to get married and have babies before 35 ( ca n't let those eggs dry out and leave us withered spinsters after all !, 
  ) , which men do n't . 
  men seem to be able to leave bachelorhood to late thirties without anyone really making too many noises about babies . 
  we have to do it all , university , job , marriage , baby 1 + 2 within about twelveish years , round about 21-35 . 
  once you start hitting late thirties , you 've got the divorces of those early marriages starting to come in - i always get told that first you see friends getting married , then having babies , then getting divorced . 
  women then ( and i 'm totally speculating here ) seem to be able to get along better on their own , and i 'm guessing that that is what those stats about older single ladies are showing . 
  have you seen the [ enterprise rent a car advert ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrgypt42uv8 ) . 
  i think it sums up american vs british sales attitudes brilliantly . 
  it 's illegal in my country and i do n't like guns . 
  also , if your girlfriend does n't want to carry a gun * she does n't want to carry a gun * . 
  leave her alone . 
  you probably sound very odd indeed . 
  i 've never heard an american say ` bloody hell ' and have it sound genuine . 
  brilliant feels pretty generic , though . 
  29 , gradually become less interested in casual sex over the last 4/5 years . 
  i 've had enough of short term intensity , i want some nice long lingering relationship stuff . 
  but , never say never and all that . 
  a girl still has needs . 
  7.40 am here , trying hard to muster up the enthusiasm to get up for work . 
  a * small * road trip to edinburgh ?!, 
  i just ca n't get my head around that . 
  my skin is reeeally dry , so i moisturise loads and wear mineral powder makeup , which is lighter on the skin and does n't go dry . 
  mac powder is great . 
  i use the garnier micellar water to remove it , which is really gentle , and i exfoliate once or twice a week . 
  but what does responding with hostility actually get you ? 
  you 've put up a shield , and been rude to / u/lowspeedlowdrag . 
  you can pat yourself on the back for not being ` weak ' . 
  now what ? 
  nothing 's changed . 
  maybe what you * should * do is look at * why * they think you 're overthinking life and no fun at parties , try and figure out the root causes and look at changing a few things . 
  learn from what people are telling you . 
  do n't just take comments as a ` slight on your reputation ' . 
  we do n't know you other than the text you put in that box . 
  none of us could pick you out from adam on the street . 
  what rep is being stained here ? 
  i suspect it 's more a case of your pride being stung than anything else . 
  for what it 's worth , lighten up . 
  50 is n't old . 
  compliments are n't to pass along value , they 're just one person being nice to another person . 
  you 're overthinking life wayyy too much . 
  things will be nicer when you stop overanalyzing every little thing that someone may or may not say to you . 
  see ? 
  that 's exactly the problem here . 
  / u/londonchap86 tells you that you 're trying to sound pretentious , and you go off on a massive paragraph long spiel about ethics and vegetarianism , which has nothing to do with anything , but just makes you sound pretentious . 
  what does eating chicken have to do with relationships , seriously ? 
  you need to step outside your own world ( which sounds * incredibly * self-focused , by the way ) and start empathising more with other people , rather than analyzing their every little joke or compliment or interaction . 
  is n't it exhausting to hold grudges for that long ? 
  it 's been two years , jeez . 
  it 's just facebook . 
  maybe she 'd locked her fb right down back then or something . 
  you want to talk to her , so what 's the point in being spiteful ? 
  just add her . 
  never say never - it certainly gives you more opportunities to see her and nurture anything that might be between you . 
  please do n't pin any hopes on this , though . 
  kay might be becoming more open minded , but i imagine that there would also a lot of pressure from her parents to stick with the nice christian boy ethos . 
  not in the slightest . 
  in the words of sirius black , i imagine it will be `` quicker and easier than falling asleep . '', 
  the only thing i 'm sad about is that after i die , i 'll miss out on all of the cool new inventions that will happen in the world . 
  `` our relationship is perfect , everything is going well apart from one or two things . '', 
  aka, 
  `` my car is perfect , everything runs well , apart from some minor things like not having any brakes or airbags . '', 
  also , you made him quit university ? 
  * why * ? 
  it can be really , really scary when you have all of these ideas about how your life will turn out , and it ends up being none of those things at all . 
  it sounds like your boyfriend is really craving a plan , or at least a target to work towards . 
  does he know what he 'd like to end up doing , or even what kind of industry he would like to work in ? 
  i 'm 29 , and right now i 'm back at home , working for the family business , i 'm single , dirt poor , and occasionally serving drinks to people i went to primary school with . 
  it sucks . 
  the difference is that i know i want to be a teacher , so i 've used my time at home to do a second degree through distance learning , which i 'll be graduating with this summer . 
  i 've made an effort to get school experience and i 'll be moving away to start a teacher training course this september . 
  i 'll still be single and dirt poor , but it 's a big step up and a welcome change . 
  it 's great , but i * had * to have a plan to get there , and i had to know what steps i needed to take to achieve it . 
  flailing about in space saying ` but i have n't got any prospects ! ', 
  wo n't get you anywhere . 
  of course he has prospects - he has a degree , has a job , and presumably has hobbies and interests . 
  he just does n't know what to do with them . 
  the best thing to do is to sit down with your boyfriend . 
  talk with him about what he would like to do - it 's not so helpful to say `` i 'll support you whatever you choose '' when he does n't know where he 's going or what he wants to do . 
  try and encourage a few ideas out of him , no matter how crazy or far-fetched about where he 'd like to end up . 
  office job ? 
  lawyer ? 
  graphic designer ? 
  actor ? 
  chef ? 
  if he really does n't know , get him to think about what his degree might point him towards . 
  then get him to think about a few small steps he needs to take in order to get to that goal - does he need more qualifications ? 
  work experience placements to get industry contacts ?
