i 'm guessing the mafia ? 
  lol . 
  i honestly did n't know it was that bad , like i know they operate there but i assumed it 'd be a bit like if you did n't do anything directly related to them then you 'd be generally unaware of their presence . 
  kind of like gang violence in london . 
  sardinia i 'm guessing ? 
  any sicilians on / r/europe ? 
  i 've always thought all of italy looks beautiful , the food , weather , wine , girls , culture , etc. 
  but sicily especially looks breath taking . 
  i know its slightly poorer than the rest of italy though ? 
  not really . 
  even here in the uk ( america 's no. 1 bitch ) we still joined the new chinese development bank even though they strongly warned against it . 
  we do follow their lead ( not just the uk , most nato members ) but we 're definatley not satellite states like russia 's ` allies ' . 
  i 'm horribly ignorant on this subject . 
  can you ( or any other turkish citizen really ) explain why this is such a big deal in turkey ? 
  i mean its pretty obvious a genocide took place . 
  you 'd struggle to find a accredited historian who 'd argue that . 
  so why is it such a big deal for the turkish government to admit ? 
  it 's not like they committed it . 
  edit : just wanted to say , got a good number of responses with a lot of info . 
  cheers guys !, 
  bit of a cheat because he 's so bloody good . 
  but [ sir ian mckellen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ian_mckellen ) . 
  then you 're assuming that the new younger generation will automatically be pro-independence ? 
  how do you know the new generation wo n't be for the union . 
  and just fyi . 
  as an englishman i honestly could n't care either way . 
  i 'm more interested in a english parliament . 
  pls . 
  pls no m8 . 
  sod off ? 
  why are you using british slang ? 
  lol . 
  it 's so cringe inducing hearing an american trying to use british slang . 
  exact same position as you mate . 
  i 'm eligible but i have n't got one . 
  if we do leave the eu ( i do n't think we will as it happens ) , but if we do i 'll be looking into getting one straight away . 
  always handy to be able to travel around europe freely . 
  somehow . 
  i do n't think so mate . 
   edinburgh but edinburgh is really multicultural too ? 
  ( i love both cities btw ) i think about 16 % of edinburgh 's population were born abroad as of the last census ? 
  so can germans . 
  so can any peoples . 
  do n't be such a knob mate . 
  johnson is a lying twat . 
  he was literally sacked from his job reporting on the eu for making up a quote and admitted to intentionally misleading people about the european parliament . 
  i like to think ahead . 
  which is why i voted remain . . 
  mate . 
  i 'm already bracing myself for boris johnson telling us in a speech that the eu is still ` holding us back ! ' ... 
  also - fuck . 
  i 'm genuinely devastated . 
  i still ca n't believe we 've left . 
  exactly , that 's pretty much how they get people to like it . 
  then brag about how ` popular ' they are lol . 
   they have over 1.4 million likes on facebook , let alone how many people share their bs . 
  i do n't think you can play their support off as being minimal . 
   i do n't think that is really accurate tbh . 
  there may be 1.4 million people who have liked the page . 
  but their tactics to garner those likes are pretty well known . 
  they post a lot of shit everybody can agree is horrible or just populist stuff like `` here 's a picture of an abused pig . 
  share if you hate animal abuse ! '', 
  or shit like `` so and so here is a peado . 
  share if you think he should be in prison '' then people like the page , without really knowing what it is . 
  very !, 
  mate i think the only pan-europeans in the country are me ( and for some reason jeremy clarkson ) even people who like the eu here are sometimes embarrassed to admit it now , i 'll admit this the remain campaign here has been an absolute bloody shambles . 
  it 's been run horrendously . 
  i very rarely discuss total federalism . 
  the referendum ( naturally ) has come up at work and with friends , but most people would n't even entertain the thought of federalisation . 
  to suggest that as a brit almost makes you a ` traitor ' ... 
  bugger , i 've not heard of that . 
  that bloody terrible if it 's true . 
  where is this happening ? 
  i live near sherwood forest , i 'm not aware of this at all ? 
  there is no way that would happen . 
  it would be the equivalent to if the scots had voted to leave and westminster refusing to grant independence . 
  it 'd be anarchy . 
  and i say that as about a strong as supporter of the eu as you can get , hell i 'm an eu federalist . 
  but if we vote to leave there is no way parliament will block it . 
  i think we 've finally come to a point now where you are n't really going to be slammed as ` racist ' for pointing out maybe there is such a thing as too much immigration . 
  i mean look at this article . 
  what 's their source for who 's slamming this documentary ? 
  well let 's just have a little look at the byline . .  the hour-long programme triggered an explosive racism row on twitter , dividing viewers  yes . 
  twitter . 
  they 're basing their entire article on twitter . 
  you can literally finding people saying anything on twitter . 
  you could show a documentary about the moon landings and write `` moon landing doc ' slammed as propaganda for not showing alternative theories about how it was faked ! '', 
  some morons will always write rubbish on twitter . 
  it 's the equivalent of finding idiots on the street except you give them anonymity . 
  this article was intentionally alarmist for page clicks . 
  i think we are at the point now where public figures and the media ** can ** talk about the fact people are a bit worried about the levels of immigration . 
  i mean for fucks sake . 
  where did this documentary air ? 
  some obscure channel ? 
  the bbc !, 
  by definition of airing on the beeb this program shows people can talk openly about there perhaps being too much immigration now . 
  there is a separate category for that on the census . 
  it literally just says `` state your ethnicity - white british / white irish / indian or pakistani / black african / black caribbean / white other : please state '' etc. 
  i think there is actually a separate category for travelers/gypsy 's too . 
  i 'd guess we 'd have a much higher number if it was just hard metal or hard rock - something like motorhead .
