  i just thought you should have a heads up . 
  sometimes people just get the wrong idea about what you 're trying to say no matter how clear you are . 
  in what world is you saying a sentence evidence ? 
   look at number of brits going to isis ** or considering it . 
  ** because i 'm * sure * there 's a census people can fill out to let the government know they 're thinking of being terrorists . 
  get some real evidence yourself before calling others out for not doing it . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  you have to be real careful how you phrase things on reddit sometimes . 
  people will jump on any opportunity they can to discredit what you want to say , even if it 's a slip of the tongue . 
  some people will also just interpret your comment wrong anyway so that it gives them a reason to get into an argument . 
  that said , assuming your viewpoint is the `` neutral '' one is kind of arrogant . 
  it 's important to be aware of your own biases , even if you think they wo n't be affecting you . 
  i do agree with your sentiment though . 
  i 'm all for helping refugees , it just needs to be approached in a way that benefits everyone , like it appears to have done in munich , as you said . 
   also provide evidence that a lot of their children would n't turn into total nutjobs as we 've seen in france and the uk . 
  actually , i think the onus is on * you * to provide evidence that that would occur . 
   illegal immigrants i do n't think many people will advocate for * illegal * immigration . 
  people should always go through the proper channels , unless they 're really that desperate . 
  in which case , they can apply for asylum afterwards . 
  also , despite what people may say it 's not racist to be against mass immigration . 
  it could be seen as racist if you 're against mass immigration from a specific country . 
  oh wait , do you mean the joke ones ? 
  yeah , those are shit . 
  i 've seen actual country guides , with some underrated places to visit and some tips for the country . 
  some information about the culture and the people , it was good stuff . 
  but i think those were in / r/travel . 
  my bad . 
  got mixed up . 
   `` so you want to visit x '' threads . 
  these ones seem like they can be useful , if done in a non-masturbatory way . 
   beware the drunk brits though , loud and aggresive . 
  sorry about them . 
  assholes give us all a bad name . 
  why the fuck would it make sense to attack random people on the street ? 
  what exactly are they trying to accomplish by making everyone see what pieces of shit they are . 
  garner no sympathy from me if they act like fucking animals . 
  truth is , we 've been fucking around with this whole `` brexit '' thing for so long that we 've lost some of the influence we had in the eu . 
  if we committed to it , it would n't take long for us to be right back up there as leaders along with france and germany . 
  but as it stands , we 're eroding our own power base . 
  my other comments i 've left in this thread expand on this more , but i think that the uk is exactly what the eu could use right now . 
  but we 're not involved as we should be if we want to be in that position . 
  so sure , we help represent goals that france and germany might not consider , but we ca n't properly represent them if we 're on the verge of leaving the eu anyway , because why would they take our demands seriously ? 
  says the american ? 
  ya 'll got centralization down pat . 
  right . 
  you 're suggesting that we 'd get a better deal with things by not being within the eu ? 
  so essentially you 're telling me that you 're fine with everything i said , so long as we did it outside of the eu ? 
  yes , globalisation means communication is near instantaneous now . 
  but as i also said , travel technology is not . 
  and yes , a 1 hour flight to france is a massive difference to a 7 hour flight to canada . 
  it 's also really not that odd to have an alliance with your neighbour , even if you 're trying to make it out to be . 
   we have strong diplomatic ties with countries like portugal and france of course , but our ties with canada and new zealand are far stronger ( shared head of state and incredibly close intelligence links ) . 
  so we should dismiss our ties with france and portugal simply because they 're not as good as our other ones ? 
  or how about we could utilise both . 
  as it currently stands , we 'd actually have more chance and have more benefit to improving our alliance with these countries . 
  there 's no harm in that . 
  england and portugal also currently have the longest standing treaty in the world . 
  we have very strong ties to them . 
   there is nothing logical about the eu . 
  it is a political decision . 
  to the extent it yields bad outcomes for the uk it should be rethought . 
  nothing logical about working with other countries to achieve something better than we could do alone ? 
  political or not , there are benefits to working with other countries . 
  but with current travel technology , it 's much more feasible to start with our geographically closer neighbours . 
  it also helps that we have stronger diplomatic ties with those countries too . 
  and while yes , i was hinting at globalisation , you ca n't just jump straight into that . 
  the next logical step is the eu . 
  so as much as i understand what you 're saying , it 's not really relevant to the current situation . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  the uk could do so much more by working with the other countries . 
  now is n't the time for the world to become more divided . 
  it 's when we should be sticking together . 
  a stronger eu would be more beneficial for everyone . 
  just got to give it a chance . 
  personally , i 'm a fan of the eu because i like the whole idea of breaking down our borders a little more and freedom of movement . 
  as far as i can tell , it 's something that 's continually happened throughout history . 
  we went from small tribes to duchies to countries . 
  as technology has given us the ability to spread out more , we 've rolled with that and expanded our idea of identity and belonging . 
  i feel like , with the internet and near-instant global communications technology , we 're very nearly at that point again . 
  to me , someone who grew up with the internet , the breakdown of international boards into something greater seems like it will be inevitable . 
  so i 'm a fan of the eu . 
  as to why we should lead it ? 
  we 're a political and economic powerhouse as much as france and germany is . 
  to me , the concept of the eu , in it 's current form or not , is inevitable . 
  we 've got the experience and probably the right attitude to help form the eu into something truly great . 
  i 'm not saying we * should * lead it , but we * can * help steer it into the right direction . 
  i 'm not usually this optimistic , but for things like this , i hold out hope . 
  because , as it stands , they 're basically in charge of the eu . 
  the uk has spent far too much time trying to figure out if we want to stay in it or not , and we 've been kind of left behind in terms of leadership . 
  i was n't really talking about our economy . 
  i was talking about influence of the eu . 
  you make a good point . 
  economically , germany is going to be the heart and center with or without the eu . 
  but with the eu existing , it means germany can leverage that strong economy to be able to impose other political ideas on the other members of the eu . 
  personally , i think that a fairer system of control would make the eu a more attractive proposition for places like the uk and the netherlands . 
  what that system is , i do n't know . 
  but it does seem a little bit geared towards benefiting germany and france more than the other big players . 
  france and germany are like the top dogs of the eu though . 
  why would they want to change things if it means they may have to give up control ? 
  disclaimer : i 'm actually very pro eu , i 'm just calling it as it is .
