there is dutch signage in winterberg !, 
  the fuck ? 
  when we need a can to throw away instead of collecting . 
  u/rewboss to the rescue . 
  you missed katzenelnbogen ( cat 's elbow ) and geilenkirchen ( horny church ) . 
  i think the dutch were quite fond of becoming tv-hosts in germany in the last century . 
  rudi carell , linda de mol , harry wijnvoord , marejke amado , to name a few . 
  how about the irishles ? 
  knockin ' on heaven 's door : o, 
  $ dit : and cologne on the state level . 
  cologne is the bavaria of north rhine-westfalia . 
  oh we already got the history channel ( yep that one ) and tlc . 
  got ta love me some gypsie weddings . 
  it 's a little late , but you might want to take a look at this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hidden_champions it focuses mainly on germanic countries , but there are some in other countries too . 
  basically we have a different way of doing business . 
  depends . 
  if you stick with some newspapers and the public broadcasters youll get balanced worldwide and regional news . 
  but if you switch to most private broadcasters or something like `` bild '' you 'll get the same shit . 
  and we have one tv-channel called `` news24 '' ( n24 ) which only shows hitler documentaries . 
  wait , what year is it again ? 
  part of their programme for the nrw state election was , instead of digging the rhine deeper , we 'll dig a second river next to it and call it rhaus . 
  their fucking houseboat is in a museum ... ... in the technical museum in speyer . 
  it sits between airplanes and a russian space orbiter buran . 
  edit : oh , somebody already mentioned it . 
  every german here will probably post some mountain lakes or castles , but i want to draw your attention to the [ wadden sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wadden_sea ) . 
  walking to an island is something special . 
  [ some pictures ] ( http://www.thegoldenscope.com/2017/04/the-wadden-seas-magic/ ), 
  gib naples . 
  reinstate borders of 1228 . 
  but be sure to bring bismarck along , or it will end in a manchildish tragedy . 
  the mostly intact medieval city centre overlooked by the intact castle , surrounded by the most intact city wall might have something to do with it . 
  when you look at the word porsche , you 'll notice the letter e in the end . 
  now you pretend to know us germans . 
  so tell me , would we bother to write a letter that isnt pronounced ? 
  no we wouldnt !, 
  also panzer has a z and not an s. and the pan rhymes more with pun than van . 
  and panzer-tank is panzerpanzer or tank-tank . 
  i think you mean panther-tank but is was lost in ancient times . 
  it 's especially funny considering the german with dutch accent sdoes not sound not too far off from german with an english accent . 
  a polster is the thing you put on the couch , not the couch itself !, 
  sry , lost my temper there . 
  and kasten for schrank ? 
  really ? 
  first you should leyrn it properly !, 
  its like bizarro german . 
  * cough * saxe-coburg * cough *, 
  a-ha !, 
  so youre one of them . 
  of course it does n't disable the scanning function , but they dont serve as antennas anymore and cant summon the antichrist . 
  thats the genius . 
  now just dont mention how long the barcode was intact ( warehouse , supermarket , etc ) before they crossed it out . 
  the barcode conspiracy . 
  there are two of them . 
  one is that barcodes are part of a worldwide satanist conspiracy , because the start , center and end marker of ean-codes code 666 into every barcode ( which they dont ) . 
  the other one is , that barcodes are an antenna that let bad energies seep into your food to poison us . 
  the proper way of dealing with both is to ... cross out the barcode . 
  they say if you connect all the bars it disables them . 
  some `` healthy food '' - companies are even shipping their goods with pre crossed out barcodes , probably not because they believe in it , but to cash in on the nutjobs . 
  poison us ? 
  please . 
  they are mind controlling substances !, 
  yep . 
  your sovereign citizens are our reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  hes one of them . 
  they leave the house in the morning/after school and come back dirty , sometimes smelling like fire , in the evening . 
  then a quick rinse and off to bed . 
  but to be honest , modern electronics is changing this lifestyle a lot . 
  one of my grandfathers worked for the reichsbahn , so no war for him . 
  that 's probably also why im here today , because my grandmother on that side was yugoslavian . 
  they lived in dachau and moved to the ruhr area a few years after the war . 
  the other one was in the wehrmacht . 
  my grandmother had a picture of him in uniform on the mantle until she died . 
  they rarely talked about the war , but as the story goes , he was in stalingrad and got hit in the head while the airlift was still in place . 
  he was later drafted again and sent back to the eastern front in the last weeks of the war . 
  so if this is true i guess he was quite lucky . 
  problem is he came back as a changed man . 
  from the stories of my mother this might even be due to the headwound , because he was unpredictable . 
  my uncles even said he was violent when they grew up and the whole family on my mothers side is still shattered and not talking to each other . 
  he died in 94 when i was 9 . 
  i only knew him as a very stern man who loved fishing and was going around collecting bottles ( for the deposit money ) . 
  despite this he made very very generous gifts to all of us children on birthdays and christmas . 
  so i guess he kind of cared , but could not show it in any way . 
  worked for australia . 
   we celebrate the declaration of everlasting neutrality . 
  what a reason for a national holiday . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or another about it !, 
  i ate a pizza and my so had bifteki . 
  were doing our part in supporting our southern europeans brothers !, 
  that you only use letters as a vague guideline hardly connected to the actual pronounciation . 
  also the uncountable sedanstra\u00dfen and sedan pl\u00e4tze . 
  its not because we like sedan , its named for the victory in 1871 . 
  thats the one in nordstemmen , right ? 
  the area surrounding it is prrrretty awful . 
  source : lived there for 6 years . 
  it gets really complicated in some parts of germany . 
  quarter - city district - bochum - westpahlian part of the ruhr area - ruhr area - westphalia - ~ ~ northrhine - ~ ~ westphalia ( nah , fuck those river dwelling cunts ) - west germany - germany and so on . 
  i dont understand the question . 
   \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af maybe if you would include neuschwanstein in munich , it may have been worth it . 
  we wanted to visit that really badly , but it was out of the way . 
  thats the thing here in germany , everything is spread out .
