what about new tanks that just got to 60 ? 
  they should n't tank ? 
  it just might be more of an issue for me as a healer . 
  i do not enjoy burning my cooldowns on every single trash pool . 
  besides if tank is completely new to the dungeon ( or even second timer ) he ca n't really tell if he should pull everything or not . 
  and rushing dps are extremely obnoxious and rude for pulling extra . 
  well , i definitely wo n't get it from jerks like you who pull as a dps and whine . 
  at least they are mischievously cute unlike japanese lizards, 
  im interested in how they will explain sr ex lore wise tho , because it 's kinda obvious that thordan/bishop died so ... 
  1h05m do n't forget that . 
  his dps would 've been much better if not for a super slow run and wipes, 
  yep , makes sense , lol . 
  i would say reddit is more sour than of . 
  what is bad about of is a lot of attention whores and of course severe moderation . 
  i got banned for word sh * t. like this with a star instead of shit ... 
  i 'm going to miss that big rock you could jump on near the stairs to rowenas :(, 
  just tried it out on r380 . 
  did n't work :(, 
  nope it 's a last week 's driver, 
  as much as i am pro progression pf in this particular case i found it a little bit strange so i wrote about it there . 
  the thing is that pf was created not 24 hours since thordans launch and the fight itself to the point of meteors is ridiculously easy mechanically so i did n't see a reason to not explain the fight to new people . 
  otherwise pf progression is good , the problem is that people are bad , even if they know the tactics . 
  are we talking about the same phoenix ? 
  we went in 5 minutes after demolition started and there was nothing in mist or lavender already . 
  managed to snag a plot in goblet for out fc , 10 minutes after that there were no houses left in goblet too , only 2 mansions and 2 mid ones were available in 30 minutes from demolition ... 
  please , stop mentioning this poor flowerpot already . 
  while it is definitely excessive it 's not the main problem with the graphic load by far . 
  the main problem that caused lag were very complex shaders upon shaders on everything . 
  so leave the flowerpot alone . 
  btw , 1k polys is nowhere near the polycount of a character . 
  for example in arr ( which significantly optimised character models ) player character is about 5k polygons ( 10k triangles ) . 
  im kinda eyeballing it but im sure it 's pretty close to this number . 
  believe me , you do n't want characters with 1k polygons in this game . 
  nope , it 's not accurate . 
  you have to understand that 1k polygons is nothing for a character and is somewhat normal asset polycount ( depending on complexity of the mesh ) . 
  in any case , 1.0 had way more problems than those unoptimised game assets . 
  yep , same here , me and my wife both ca n't connect . 
  could be 8th of march , women 's day in some countries . 
  best to date :, 
  nice work , zep :d, 
  i generally agree , but what about drk ? 
  when did it get bad press ? 
  did i miss anything ? 
  since ukraine is out i will root for polan from now on , great plays , milik just have to hit the ball . 
  ukraine could compete . 
  unfortunately :(, 
  the tattoo can have various meanings : it can signify that the wearer has killed someone or has spent time in prison ; that the wearer was raped while incarcerated or it can acknowledge the loss of a family or fellow gang member . 
  you choose ... 
  posting in this thread is more interesting than watching that snorefest . 
  you 've just dreamt of penalties . 
  i 'm also very interested in this subject . 
  provide some updates if you 'll solve the problem , please . 
  this is one of the weirdest things i 've seen . 
  lold quite hard from a hilbilly chef . 
  lily kills is the prophesy of what 's going to be happening minutes after patch in the apartment area . 
  nin has smoke screen , shadewalker and goad that some people actually have to use . 
  so yeah , they have a little bit more to do than just ae/ac/trick all the time . 
  you bought it via pf ? 
  is n't it market prohibited ? 
  that would be one of the best qol improvements ever . 
  i really liked rogue run with the daggers out but ninja one is just stupid as hell . 
  blood for the blood god !, 
  in a same boat here . 
  i 'd wait till they come up on ebay , albeit for a bigger price . 
  i did n't really see any deep water areas . 
  one pool of water with a bridge over it does n't really count , i highly doubt we 'll be able to swim in that . 
  that 's a great vid , zep !, 
  im impressed by that smoke effect btw !, 
  savage content is a fairy tale , made up by a bard , so you ca n't die there . 
  this is actually a thing , one of our members in potd group uses it to remind her to use it , lol . 
  rest assured , no random people got harmed . 
  only her friends , poor souls . 
  its genuinely funny , good job !, 
  this is cool , you should crosspost it to / r/diy / !, 
  dude , get out of your bunker :o it 's a joke video ... 
  i loved the smug face in the end lol . 
  great video , made me laugh hard . 
  also , one does not simply post a zepla video without it being downvoted to hell , reddit at it 's best . 
  lost it on a scene with guiding the dude to nw . 
  it 's so realistic ; _ ;, 
  also , pain finder is a good name for a new duty finder on steroids that we 've got on cross server pf . 
  cool story , bro . 
  unfortunately not everyone is so skilled/lucky like you . 
  jokes are hard . 
  did you not read the disclaimer on this video ? 
  healthy spook is the best proof of a strong relationship !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  it is actually exactly what i need , because i 'm planning on using it with my tascam dr 07 that does n't have an xlr . 
  it comes today so i 'll be able to test it and see if everything is okay . 
  i 'll be sure to post the results . 
  interesting . 
  because i 've got the mic already and it does work with the dr07 it did n't work at first , but when i turned the power for a mini jack ( dr07 mk2 has this option ) it started working and works perfectly . 
  so now i 'm confused what exactly did i get ? 
  that 's the thing . 
  i 've got it already ( decided to just do an experiment since i 've already paid for it anyway and the sum was n't big ) . 
  and it does work with my tascam dr07 mk2 after i 've switched the mini jack power to on on the tascam . 
  mic works and it does sound good . 
  so wth did i get after all ? 
  this is what i 've found for tascam dr-07, 
   the dr-07 phantom power is 5,4 volt .
