  however , they did it for obvious reasons which happened to be a military deal integrated into a trade agreement between the west and the ukraine . 
  the media should have called them out for that and warned the public that this would tear the country appart , because it was going to force russia to secure geo-strategically important areas : crimea . 
  the position that the us are not war-hawkish is indefendable . 
  over the last years they have sold 20 billions worth of weapons to the saudi government . 
  a country that shares the foundamentalist islamist ideology with isis . 
  the saudis can then distribute the weapons to several terrorist groups in the middle east , including isis . 
  the saudis also purposefully target the yemeni civil population . 
  they bomb hospitals of doctors without borders , funerals and schools for the blind . 
  and their jets get fueled by the us . 
  however , that is only one of their closest allies . 
  there is an infinit amount of arguments for why the us is irresponsible in their foreign policy . 
  it is wrong to only blame the usa for trying to resurract the cold war . 
  even though they do have a lot of influence on european politics and we are basically becoming a us colony , anyone who falls in that trap also has to be held accountable . 
  you always need two sides for a dispute . 
  if russia had been enough of an adult we would n't even be in this situation . 
  sadly the fear mongering strategy works most of the time . 
  more and more eastern european countries consider to join nato . 
  in my opinion the russia argument is irresponsible and childish . 
  and the countries that take it seriously fuel this circular cold war mentality . 
  that 's why i hope that europe grows some balls and breaks through that circle . 
  i am really sceptical about nato . 
  at the one hand i am sceptical of anything that associates my own country or neighbouring countries with the militant and war-hawkish us foreign policy and the fascist dictatorship that turkey is becoming . 
  and at the other hand i am also sceptical of nato because it fits so brilliantly in this cold war mindset , which tells me that russia is a threat that has to be feared . 
  however , i do n't agree with it . 
  yes , russia can be a military threat to western countries . 
  but , even though the moves they take on the geo-political chessboard are inacceptable , they are still understandable from a wider perspective . 
  take the invasion of crimea for example . 
  this act was a reaction to the recent association agreement between the ukrain and the eu . 
  this was primarily about trade , though the media did n't mention the military part , which called for more military exercises with each other . 
  from that point of view this seems quite reasonable for russia to secure important areas , if you just focus on the strategical sand box these politicians find themselves in . 
  in my opinion europe should not be involved in this resurrection of the cold war but instead turn into a neutral pole between the us and russia . 
  having nato and russia share a border will not end well . 
  however , european nations ca n't just quit nato and declare them selves to be neutral . 
  that would be suicide because it would enable the two parties to envade europe one by one . 
  that 's the only reason why i 'd support an eu army . 
  due to the close economical and political ties between the eu member states it would be ethically acceptable for otherwise neutral countries to form a military defense block . 
  especially if this aims to create a neutral ground between the two rival parties usa and russia to avoid the possibility of a ( nuclear ) war between them , which would most likely take place on european ground anyway . 
  in the end i expect that any further expansion of nato will intensify the pressure on russia and eventually force them to expand as well be it peaceful or not . 
  i hope that we can set an end to this any time soon before the situation really escalates . 
  they are still pissed, 
  russia feels the need to occupy most of eastern europe ? 
  oh , the wild , wild bear from the siberian tundra ca n't help itself . 
  it just has to invade . 
  it wants blood !, 
  it could be our friend but it 's not our choice . 
  was n't the russian invasion of crimea a reaction to nato 's latest integration of eastern european nations to keep the strategic ` balance ' ? 
  if another country is going to invade you and you fear not to be able to defend yourself from that attack you are going to search for allies to help you out . 
  that 's only logical . 
  however , if you have declared to remain neutral and not to join a military treaty you 're kind of fucked . 
  that 's why creating a neutral europe despite all it 's enemies in the world would only work if it came together and formed a defense union that 's able to defend itself and declare that union ( and the member states ) to remain neutral . 
  that prevents europe 's enemies to invade it one by one . 
  do n't forget that many eastern european nations have recently joined nato . 
  it is no question that russia could view that as aggression against them . 
  that could be why they had to invade strategically important regions . 
  the cold war chessboard of imperialism is just so stupid , is n't it ? 
  aggression from russia towards europe starts from aggression from nato towards russia . 
  what benefits would russia have from dominating europe ? 
  i do n't see why russia would be interested in that . 
  i always think that this is just cold war fear mongering . 
  are n't they both part of the legislative ? 
  because the council of the eu only gets to do anything if the eu council and parliament fail to find consensus : first the commission proposes a peace of legislature to the eu parl . 
  if it agrees on the text it gets passed on to the eu council if they agree on it as well a new law has been created . 
  if the eu council changes the text it gets sent back to the parliament . 
  if it agrees a new law has been created . 
  though if at this point the parliament does n't like the council 's adjustment it can change the text again . 
  and if then the council still does n't agree with the parliament the council of the eu tries to find a solution in a limited amount of time . 
  was n't the association agreement between the eu and the ukraine causing the crimea crisis ? 
  even though the agreement was primarily about trade it also included a military part which called for more military exercices between eu members and the ukraine . 
  the media barely even reported it though they should have forecasted that this was putting more pressure on russia because the ukraine seemed to be leaning towards the west . 
  that is correct , though i mean splitting up the position of the president of the commission who oversees and manages it in the process of getting elected and it 's time in office and have just these directly chosen by the people . 
  now , generally speaking i am against an eu army . 
  the constitution of my home country austria says that it has to perpetually remain neutral and must not start or engage in war . 
  no military bases of other countries may be built on it 's terretory , it must n't join any military agreement , though it reserves the right to defend itself if militarily attacked . 
  that 's a really good thing in my opinion . 
  because war is no solution to anything . 
  i am lucky to be an austrian citizen because of that specific point in the constitution . 
  but i feel uncomfortable with a supranational institution beeing able to circumvent it . 
  the only way for me to be fine with the eu having controll over an own army were if it also would perpetually remain neutral . 
  if that were the case i actually would n't mind replacing the national armies with an eu one in an attemt to turn europe into a neutral continent . 
  that would also mean leaving nato and distancing ourselves from the continues agression against russia and the war hawkish us foreign policy . 
  now , i am sceptical of nato . 
  at the one hand i am sceptical of anything that associates my own country or neighbouring countries with the militant and war-hawkish us foreign policy and the fascist dictatorship that turkey is becoming . 
  and at the other hand i am also sceptical of nato because it fits so brilliantly in this cold war mindset , which tells me that russia is a threat that has to be feared . 
  however , i do n't agree with it . 
  yes , russia can be a serious military threat to western countries . 
  but , even though the moves they take on the geo-political chessboard are inacceptable , they are still understandable from a wider perspective . 
  take the invasion of crimea for example . 
  this act was a reaction to the recent association agreement between the ukrain and the eu . 
  it was primarily about trade , though there was also a military part , which called for more military exercises with each other . 
  the media should have called them out for that and warned the public that this would tear the country appart , because it was going to force russia to secure geo-strategically important areas : crimea . 
  from that point of view it seems quite reasonable for russia to do so , of course , only if you just focus on the strategical sand box these politicians find themselves in . 
  europe should not be involved in this resurrection of the cold war . 
  we should n't fall into that trap . 
  that would only fuel this circular thinking and eventually end in a war . 
  instead we should stand up to both sides and tell them that we are not going to participate in their game . 
  we should take away their battle ground , which europe is going to be in the case of a war , by turning the continent into a neutral zone which does n't belong to any side . 
  however , european nations ca n't just quit nato and declare themselves to be neutral . 
  that would be suicide because it would enable the two parties to envade europe one by one . 
  and the other european countries would have to sit there and watch because neutrality means to only defend one 's own country and denies them to defend other countries ' terretories against russia or the us , even if they know they are the next ones on the list . 
  and if they were n't neutral every single one would still need a un mandate .
