  i do not know the details of the czech system , but extrapolating from other european countries yeah sure , it not only pays for vaccinations it also pays for complications from any medical act , or heck if you are in accident or have some rare expensive disease . 
  ( and in my own country , where there are co-pay payments for the national health system for non-pregnant able adults , children till 18 and pregnant women pay zilch , nothing for anything ), 
  for me : sewage - 45 % interior bath/shower - 36 % running hot water - 32 % interior bathroom - 28 % ( gas is not shocking , in portugal as well people use small bottles for cooking . 
  places which need central heating will probably use other fuel , burning gas for heating is stupid , gas is way too expensive to keep it burning for hours ! ), 
   had n't even realized that it did n't count as running water . 
  how hot does that well water get in sweden ? 
  because one advantage of public network distribution water is that it \u00b4 s controlled and sterilized for microbes . 
  safety of private unpurified ( presumably regularly tested . 
  hopefully , private companies do that and it \u00b4 s quite cheap ) will probably be higher in cool climates . 
  some people use still private wells for home use but it \u00b4 s not unknown that people sometimes get ill from well water . 
  some 10-15 years ago maybe , a kind of small panic about a mysterious disease in a small mountain village ( iirc in a hot september after a hot august ) turned out to be about the water . 
  only when you reliably win against then . 
  not when you tend to lose agains them . 
  ( but yeah , makes for really consistent long term foreign policies ), 
  the amount of lives saved this winter ( or last 3-4 months to be more precise ) by the italian coast guards is amazing . 
  unprecedented maybe . 
  very worrying that there was a need for it , and solutions must be searched for at a wider range than just italy . 
  but to the italian coast guard risking their lives at sea , grazie . 
  happened in portugal as well , last year . 
  transponders off , or no transponders , just flying over the right edge of the approach to lisbon airport . 
  not nice and not responsible . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of out of date , or at least it does not mention to which period it refers to . 
  at least from portugal , the 2013 data , published in 2014 is different , it \u00b4 s the uk http://www.observatorioemigracao.secomunidades.pt/np4/?newsid=3924&amp;filename=oem_emigracaoportuguesa2014_relatorioest.pdf page 40 uk first 30 thousand , then switzerland 15 thousand , germany 11 thousand , etc france is not even in the top 10 , though norway is . 
  and if it were some years before that angola would have likely been on the top , and brasil would have been higher on the ranking . 
  if it \u00b4 s carcavelos , it \u00b4 s past the fortress and it \u00b4 s the sea indeed . 
  and it \u00b4 s pretty clean . 
  there is a bit of sand , and the sand is more disgusting than the water because it \u00b4 s filled with stuff - some is expected , like bits of wood , feathers , and obviously it \u00b4 s more stone than sand but there are also lots of buttons for some reason and bottle caps besides accidental recent garbage . 
  i would never even think of swimming there but the water looks clear and interestingly there are lots of different kinds of seaweed and mussels growing on the rocks there and at cais das colunas . 
  plus with the fish migrating back again ( as corvinas ) , the dolphins ocasionally showing up for hunting , the river is really a lot less polluted than it was years ago . 
  i think the final thing was the alcantara etar , but it took some 20 years . 
  because it is not lisbon lisbon , nevermind it \u00b4 s carcavelos ~ ~ it \u00b4 s in caparica , the south side of the river , some 30 km from the center of lisbon , so yeah , takes some time and effort to go there . 
  also work and school day , so obviously a lot less people . 
  there are 10 times more people in beaches during the weekend and holidays ~ ~ . 
  but south of the river there is this big beach stretch from some 20-25 km right from the entrance of the tagus down to cabo espichel , and the only town right on the beach is caparica , and most of that area is enviromentally protected so even in sundays in august if you go to a beach down further you can have lots of space still . 
  only problem is if you are crossing the river back north , there are only 2 bridges and one is pretty far east . 
  salazar would have been extremely unlikely to do that , unless obviously at the time everything looked hopeless and lost , and better be side with them before being absorbed . 
  the fascist dictatorship was a fascist dictatorship but it had some profound differences regarding all the others ( duh . 
  as i guess all of them were different from each other ) . 
  salazar was a personally modest , economics professor who was devoutly catholic and did not like personally neither franco ( who he considered an uncultured ) bully nor hitler , and he thought racial supremacy , anti-semitism nazi theories to be an anti-catholic paganism . 
  so it \u00b4 s really doubtful . 
  in fact the german plans ( operation isabella , whatsoever ) for the invasion of the iberian peninsula , their treaties with spain at hendaye all seemed to consider it a given that if portugal broke neutrality would be for the other side . 
  these exchanges are partly funded , whether by national budgets or by eu subsidies , by my tax money . 
  i am perfectly entitled to question if the use is according to its objectives . 
  the objectives of these exchanges are not so much academical directly , it \u00b4 s part of personal growth to give kids an opportunity to connect to people from another country , a good intro into a foreign culture , and one of the explicit objectives of the erasmus program is to improve cooperation between eu countries , through giving the young a way better knowledge and even emotional ties with other eu countries . 
  if you got a group of say portuguese kids ( they have be between 14 and 20 , most ) in a polish town subject to multiple instances of `` non-racist '' name calling ( trash ) and being pushed around and being subject to verbal and gestual abuse , if you want to call it non-racist try to convince yourself of that , but that is clearly not educational , not enjoyable and against the purposes of these exchanges . 
  so much better not be done than have them ( the ones subject to this and the rest of the group surely is not having a good time ) subject to this . 
  if this is to be expected , normal , in poland , then much better to avoid poland . 
  when organizing these you can \u00b4 t tell `` only white kids , black kids are going to have a bad time . 
  oh and stay away from the sun as well , white kids '' because that is no fair - this should be for any kid who wants to join . 
  more even if the potential student group all turns out to have really snow white complexions , fuck it , a place which treats other kids like that , just avoid it , take the kids somewhere else . 
  but the other side of the coin is , the polish kids would not have the opportunity to come to portugal in their turn . 
  which does not sound like a great loss , except maybe kids from other western and southern european or nordic countries might be subject to the same abuse because chances are some will also be black or some shade of brown or just particularly tan and some military 38 year old can \u00b4 t tell a portuguese high school kid from an afghan whatever . 
  maybe they can do it with the neighbouring countries and stick to that ( well , maybe not germany ), 
   poland is much safer than most eu countries apparently not . 
   just he got beaten up by some drunken idiots in poland , not quite , and more widespread than that . 
  one boy was approached by somebody who called him trash and pushed him around , on other instances the students walking around the city were insulted in polish ( presumably insults ) and english , and given finger gestures . 
  apparently happened in bars , buses , shops and markets . 
  the polish organizers of the exchange removed them from the hostel where they were and moved them to a private residence . 
  this is the second part of the exchange , the polish students from the same school were in portugal before . 
  and i assure you , none of that is normal in portugal , for anybody or any nationality or color , particularly kids , and no there are not mass rapes or particular safety problems . 
  this is really unacceptable and worth questioning who the fuck are these people and why are we doing programs with them anyway . 
   got pretty bad beaten up by local black , , fellas , because was hitting on some chick they liked and he was white and they were not happy about it - they would probably not be happier about him hitting on a chick if he was black or non eastern european . 
   who said normal ? 
  it is not normal . 
  then worthy of discussion on r/europe since it involves two different countries , expectations of safety in part of the eu for citizens of the eu , and also involves an erasmus associated student exchange program ( for high school kids ! ) . 
   it is not something new and 1st time ever , maybe we should have talked about it more then on the times before , so we knew about it then and maybe demanded more of things to be done ( like for example don \u00b4 t send high school kids to poland because it might not be safe !, 
  which would never have occurred to me ) . 
   that was stupid and naive that you can ignore centuries of different history and path . 
  like centuries of different paths mean 21st century in a rich part of the world ( and eastern europe still is ) people think it \u00b4 s ok to abuse teenagers ? 
  we are discussing a pretty shocking incident in poland of all places - and the more shocking thing seems to be how many other incidents seem to have happened . 
  and yes it \u00b4 s important to discuss that , because it seems we have not talked of it on this country to even realize it , and more while there seems to be official stuff done in western countries regarding racist attacks , it \u00b4 s important to see what poland does about the racist attacks , particularly this one now . 
   why would you go to poland if you 're black not sure if the students attacked were black , probably not because apparently one was accused of being muslim . 
  and as this thread is devolving into extreme 19th century science anyway , some people are darker skinned , some people tan more , everybody but albinos in portugal will have some kind tan even in spring , that is usually one dead giveaway about tourists . 
  and it \u00b4 s not even normal , thinkable that in the 21st century , in the european union , a portuguese ( or other nationality ) kid can \u00b4 t think of visiting other eu countries because the likelyhood of getting racially abused ( or worse ) is high because of skin color . 
  wtf is eastern europe like if this is supposed to be normal and people should not visit ? 
  and it was a student exchange , between high schools . 
  it really would not enter my mind that 21st century poland might be a dangerous place to go into . 
   nothing shocking for me really . 
  that is shocking indeed . 
  and i guess shocking for us , that there are thousands of racist attacks in eastern europe . 
   - any info from your media about your student being ethnic portuguese or parents were brazilian/angolan/capeverdean ? 
  no idea , we don \u00b4 t register that . 
  nor would it make much difference , apparently the kids were in a group . 
  the abuser was 38 years old and former military . 
  if this is normal , understandable in poland or slovakia , and needs to be excused and not worthy of remark , that is something we truly need to be told about . 
  we talk very much of europe and the european union , but it seems lately there are enormous , widening differences between east and west and this just might be an enormous important example . 
  important to know , just so we can decide how much we are invested on it anyway . 
  first they are not on real erasmus , they are doing an `` exchange '' with an electronics school , a group of 15 after their polish counterparts already visited portugal so presumably they are high school kids , or maybe 18-20 in in an organized exchange . 
  even if they were erasmus studentes , it would be a popular destination seen as cheap party destination . 
  and also , this is something you would not even think about worrying - it \u00b4 s europe , right , european union !, 
  we tend to think of portugal as being poor and conservative , we tend to judge othe countries by ourselves and this is not the type of think you would expect . 
  and you need experience from other countries to start to realize , understand how different somethings are in others , and sadly these kids were just starting to experience those other countries . 
  that is indeed cheaper , but the idea to have retired or disabled guards vetoing whoever goes in or out of gate community does not sound very reassuring or even efficient . 
   you need 5 people to cover 24/7 shifts i don \u00b4 t know anything about polish labor laws but it \u00b4 s probably not different enough that you do not have to consider as well paid yearly vacation days making it more that 5 people for 24/7 shifts ( also when somebody is ill ) . 
  do people people get paid extra for shift work at night or weekends or holidays ( 2 days out of 7 , plus half of the other 5 ) ? 
  also one person as a security detail has some inherent problems , they are just one person , and they have a right to meal times , bathroom breaks and other breaks . 
  ( laws in the eu can \u00b4 t be * that * different ) so probably you really need to have 2 people for any effectiveness particularly during the daytime . 
  even if people get paid the absolute minimum wage ( on itself kind of scary , that the people guarding you are winning very little and got little qualifications ) it can still mount up . 
  do you have any idea how much residents pay monthly ? 
  how much is it , in euros ( or usd if you must ) , or percentage of minimum wage , or compared to other utility bills ?
