  in 1968 a very big percentage of portuguese 18 year males went to war , not university ( something which from then on affected how many women followed stem fields ), 
  how is kotor handling it ? 
  ouch, 
  to play devil \u00b4 s advocate , they might have messed up of some materials used on the project , and as they start degrading they need to be replaced now before they start doing real damage to things harder to replace . 
  could be just about the tarmac on top , you can \u00b4 t let it degrade or it gets a lot more expensive to replace . 
  or dilation joints , you don \u00b4 t want to go cheap on that . 
  that beach is really popular with schools and childcare activities , it \u00b4 s got piers at each end , some unbroken sand banks and so is safe for currents and tides , plus big parking lots for buses nearby , so it \u00b4 s really popular place to take lisbon kids during the summer holidays . 
  on weekdays , during the summer holidays there might will be dozens of buses of children doing paid trips from schools and associations in lisbon . 
  an 8 year old was one of the dead , this is really horrific . 
   all i 'm hearing is a lot of objections and complaints ... and not a lot of solutions to the problem you did not ask for the solutions !, 
  just doubted it was a problem . 
  but i have some ideas like banning airbnb , limiting the number of new hostels and hotels , not allowing trade changes for local shops ( if you are a bookshop or supermarket you can \u00b4 t became a gin bar ) , ending a tax loophole for tourist rentals . 
  something which i think would work is making people renting to tourists ( apartments , segways , bikes ) liable for fines due to misuse - i expect the companies providing those services would demand some kind of security deposit and as such the tourists be a little more cautious . 
   this kind of approach is only going to lead to northern tourists ( most of whom are already poor and stupid - if you 're from the uk that is ) not spending enough when they go on holiday . 
  it will not severely decrease the amount of tourists - which i understand is what you are concerned about in the first place - the number of tourists . 
  if lodging prices are raised ( and too much offer lowers the price ) they will probably decide to go somebody cheaper , would be to the good . 
  i expect normal market economics to work , less offer , higher prices , less demand . 
   she works for little pay and long hours so she can go to these nice places with her boyfriend . 
  it 's really nice to see her doing something she enjoys . 
  it is nice she has a nice time and quite probably she does no harm to anybody nor is particularly one of the obnoxious ones . 
  but the problem is more generic , the places she is staying is probably a place where somebody local no longer lives . 
  in r/portugal and r/lisbon we get lots of tourist enquiries . 
  some are lazy or obnoxious , some do some homework , some have really interesting questions and interests . 
  but some 70 % of them all say they want to avoid other tourists and touristy areas . 
  that is another issue . 
  are tourists happier if there are less tourists ? 
  pretty sure the answer is yes . 
   if they seem distracted , unwilling to integrate with locals , it 's because they are . 
  they don \u00b4 t have to integrate with locals . 
  if they outnumber locals must surely locals themselves do not want to interact with them or might have no time or patience for a cultural exchange discussion . 
  they just need to be follow normal social rules regarding litter que queuing and so on . 
  the ones they do they are fine . 
  it was not the 41 which made me go ouch . 
  it was the 28 at 24:00 and 0 km/h . 
  you poor bastards . 
  my total sympathies . 
   i ca n't excuse my countrymens behaviour , but then again i do n't feel responsible for their actions of course . 
  my objection is tho the argument that residents , all residents must be grateful for all tourists , in any amount . 
   it seems to me that portuguese people in cities like lisbon or porto , know what their city is like without tourists during the winter you are misunderstanding the objections . 
  we are not necessarily objecting to just crowds , but to bad behaviour regarding noise , garbage , public intoxication , selfishness . 
   at least portuguese cities have a few months of calm after summers gone . 
  in lisbon it \u00b4 s year round mostly . 
  i guess barcelona also . 
  and properties removed from the market to put on airbnb/hostels/whatsoever are not returning , rents are raised and many now find it impossible to live where they grew up or close to where they work or study . 
   the only problem is that ( and this is what i 've been trying to tell you in my previous comments ) the portuguese and spanish economies seem to be heavily reliant on northern european tourism . . and that is the attitude i object to . 
  some fields are but they are not necessarily the kind of economic growth we want ( it can suffocate other fields , low pay seasonal jobs , in the algarve now they got a problem getting help during the summer ) . 
  also , it does not mean we need to want all the tourism . 
  if we get a chance to get a tourist who spends 200 euros a day rather than 3 spending 70 , we should much prefer the one who spends more . 
   you can fight the change all you want , but it 's the people in charge of your country who made this happen . 
  so brexit , if it sucks for you all , it \u00b4 s all the fault of the small majority of people who voted yes , without being able to foresee all the consequences ? 
   do n't blame the british for being delinquent and obscene !, 
  i will blame anybody of any nationality who is behaving badly and obsscenely in public . 
  now , i am going to add something : i agree some tourism can be a really good thing . 
  i compare it to leavening in a cake , some tourism can make a place more interesting , improve some extra businesses to local monuments and companies . 
  it made me smile , on a day to day basis , when i saw some people on holiday enjoying themselves , in the sun while we went to our daily business . 
  if foreigners are really rare , it can be an opportunity to see for yourself people from other locations , it can be inherently interesting . 
  but and i compare this to leavening , yeast , in a cake . 
  a little makes the cake better , but if you use too much , without proportion , it ruins it , it \u00b4 s bitter , it \u00b4 s flat , it \u00b4 s ugly . 
  after 1000s of foreign people , they are no longer inherently interesting . 
  if they all go to your favorite restaurant , you will have no seats . 
  plus entitled behaviour , only a few are really obnoxious , but how can we tell ? 
  and en masse , they tend to act in ways they would not dream of back home but which is ok when they are on holiday . 
  saying tourism can be too much , can be detrimental should not be something answered back with `` you should be grateful , your economies depend on it '' ( which is not even true ) or the knee jerk attitude of all potential tourists which feel snubbed . 
  a lot of places in spain or portugal am sure will love tourists . 
  ( though even those do get fed up like riot police being called recently ) . 
  it does not mean old living rich cities need those or want those or that tourists are not displacing other fields which provide wealth . 
  and i do not think we should restrict visitors . 
  we should restrict the licenses of those who cater to them so they raise prices and market dynamic start working and many go elsewhere or stay fewer days and maybe make tourists realize that expecting pats in the back , medals for not being like other tourists , interaction and free guidance from residents is not realistic . 
  you know what half the tourists asking for advice want ? 
  to be away from other tourists , to avoid them . 
  not workable . 
  the other half just posts one phrase asking what to do . 
   they see us in their cities walking around drunk , lost and generally having a good time ... and they scorn us for spending time in their city without discovering it what ? 
  discovering it ? 
  i hope you don \u00b4 t , i hope tourists stick to the same places other tourists do and impact as little as possible residents . 
  the main issue is with this `` walking around drunk , '' that may be ok in friday night in a british town , but people being loud , walking around drunk ( or doing drugs ) in a city centre randomly is incredibly annoying and against social norms . 
  plus all the trash , the puke , the noise . 
  and more innocent but still annoying things like having to dodge tours , crowded public transportation and seeing prices rise and commerce changing . 
   different lives . 
  our money is the difference between them living in a nice house with a job they love , or moving to the capital to live in a tiny apartment . 
  that is incredibly presumptous . 
  your money might make some difference for tourists in small towns , in city centres tourist money is making people have to move out of the city centres , where they want to stay , because of prices being raised by airbnb . 
   greece is a great place to go and get drunk . 
  spain not so much . 
  im starting to think it 's just spanish people who dont like tourists go to greece please . 
  stay away from portugal . 
  tourists which just want to go and get drunk are precisely the type of tourists which a lot of people hate . 
  if they hate you less in eastern europe and greece , just go there . 
   tourists do n't typically have cars , i was nearly hit by a tour , some 30 or 40 adult tourists , riding their bike on the pavement today . 
  and pedestrians were supposed to stop and let them pass , nevermind if frail . 
   nor should they affect rent because they do n't live there . 
  lol !, 
  wtf !, 
  have you ever heard of airbnb ? 
  or buildings being bought and converted into hostels or hotels ? 
  it \u00b4 s not portuguese . 
  if it influenced by brazil and latin american communities , it \u00b4 s then not relevant to present to other europeans as something which happens in portugal . 
  / r/europe, 
  `` portuguese '' communities abroad often do things which are very different from what portuguese portuguese would recognize as being portuguese . 
  somebody once posted a video about being portuguese on / r/portugal and it was from emigrants in the usa and almost all of it was stuff nobody recognized or could identify , we could barely understand the words .
