  lol . 
  never noticed , wish there were, 
  wait , haven \u00b4 t started on the weather yet . 
  but we can bond over how weird and strange and unreliable easterners tend to be . 
  we manage to be even less central than you . 
  you got a country west and countries east . 
  you are kind of central regarding north and south . 
  we are as far west and as far south as possible , have one neighbour . 
   that 's not going to make them change policy when some properties easily are worth 5-10x paying 10-20 % tax on something , even if spread over two years , no property owner is going to like . 
  not sure if this plan will work or not , every well intentioned law can have disadvantages or holes or cause unpredictable consequences . 
  but `` only 60k '' is kind of naive . 
  in february or march , temporary housing for hundreds of thousand of refugees in germany or sweden , will kind of look less attractive than it does now . 
  it \u00b4 s interesting - there is no real mechanisms to force people to move , to distribute themselves equally , every single one wants the best for them . 
  but it \u00b4 s a matter of tragedy of the commons as well , there is no way sweden can house hundreds of thousands well during the coming winter . 
  andorra is probably a duty free tax thing . 
  like luxembourg \u00b4 s alcohol consumption though in that case is more about lower vat and huge alcohol shops right next to gas stations on major highways . 
  i don \u00b4 t know how your system works , if it \u00b4 s presidential or not . 
  in ours presidents can be kind of distant from governing and are more imune . 
  and like i said since the first , we tend to like our former politicians , particularly presidents , when they are safely retired and away from politics and so on - not a unique position , consider jimmy carter in the usa !, 
  not sure if costa is that popular right now . 
  non governing politicians tend to be more popular always , but even so , not sure people are really taking costa as the messiah ( and that kind of is his problem with the `` glue '' ) . 
   now we have another election next month where the oppostion leader is already being touted as the great savior and most likely no party will get anywhere near a majority . 
  i will be extremely surprised if the next government last more than 18 months . 
  kind of the thing in which everybody is agreeing . 
  these are not about votes or voting intentions , it \u00b4 s just popularity , if people being polled have a positive or negative opinion of a person . 
  that makes sense , thanks for the perspective . 
  the concept of loving politicians in active duty is extremely strange to me . 
  there are a few from whom i would consider buying a used car . 
  a few i would have coffee with . 
  some retired ones i , and we , might eventually admit to loving . 
  but when they are in power or in active search for power , our natural state is complete cynism about their motivations and abilities and us settling for the choice which seems less bad . 
  70 % popularity for an acting prime minister . 
  wow . 
  70 % popularity for a politician ?!? 
  even if it was long ago , long long ago back in march ? 
  are you people insane ?!, 
  politicians !, 
  it \u00b4 s ok to like them after they have retired , say 20 years before , but like 40 % is an insanely high approval level . 
  we don \u00b4 t even usually measure it like that , we mostly measure the different between positive and negative perspective . 
  anything from -5 to +5 for a ruling pm is normal . 
  10 points difference approval is a lot . 
  edit - our politicians approval ratings , in absolute http://www.marktest.com/wap/a/p/s~6/id~e9.aspx, 
  look , to me , spaniards is not a single thing . 
  you got basques , and canarians and galicians and extremadurans , and yes it includes catalans as well . 
  get the un to recognize it ( the spanish constitution is of absolutely no importance to me ) and whatever . 
   what i do n't get is the despise of our country ( if you even consider it a country ) , but i have to admitt you are not the first portuguese i 've met ( or discussed with ) which think this way . 
  i would swear , from discussions on this very sub about 1640 and all that , about the number of language speakers in europe it was the other way around . 
  we really don \u00b4 t care , nor is 1640 all that important not compared to other dates , if we had a hard on about a specific event in our struggles against spain it \u00b4 s obviously aljubarrota . 
  you are all , all of you east and even north ( sorry galicia ) a foreign country . 
  like i said before , we do our best to pretend to be an island , and in this as well . 
  you all sort it out between yourselves and let us know the result . 
  check what your id card or passport says  dunno , we will go on pretending really hard to be an island ( plus archipelagos . 
  or a set of archipelagos ) , like we always do . 
  you will never fight that fight alone . 
  nor us , i guess . 
  for us , you are all spanish . 
  maybe , maybe we could distinguish the galicians from the rest , but otherwise you are all spanish . 
  and for the last centuries the rest of the world , if not necessarily within yourselves have agreed on that . 
  and it would help if catalans even made a bid for portuguese sympathies , but it tends to go between supercilious , condescending and 1640-you-owe-us ( really ? ), 
  so to be fair , it \u00b4 s not distinguishable catalans from castillians . 
  not atlantic people anyway . 
  i am kind of meh about it . 
  catalans are * entitled * to independence ( even if they have always been fucking louzy at standing united and making intelligent moves to defend it ) . 
  people have a right to self determination , if they self identify as such , whether catalans or whatever ( or madeirans , or azoreans or the algarve or what ) as long as it kind of makes sense geographically and historically . 
  otoh catalans manage to alienate portuguese sympathies by pulling bullshit arguments ( 1640 only thing which mattered for portugal to maintaining its independence , catalan having more speakers in europe than portuguese !, 
  and shit like that possibly envolving lu\u00eds figo being portuguese ) . 
  they must improve at foreign affairs if they are going to be sucessfull . 
  meh , they are all spanish , let them all sort it out among themselves . 
  we were not just lucky in 1640 , no more than we were lucky in 1763 , or during the french invasions ( that you guys allowed ) or were lucky in 1386 or were lucky back in the 12 century or all the other times . 
   what i wonder is why the spanish are so opposed to catalan independence . 
  my interpreation , as a neighbbour , spain is not a real country , not in the sense some other countries ( portugal , denmark , holland , japan , etc are ) . 
  some other countries are not either , not the uk , and maybe not france , or italy or germany . 
  but spain , kind of exists because of centralizing efforts by castille around an un-natural capital and center of power ( castille ) , which has been sucessfully refused before and is arguably resented by others . 
  they fear it will open the door . 
  and it is different from the uk ; where england and the rest actually allowed the possibility that scotland would out . 
  i actually thought at the time , that in the 700 + ish year long ( at least ) dispute between england and castille , that england would manage to fuck up with castille without even trying to , just accidentally by considering , allowing , respecting the scottish referendum . 
  there is never a roof on how high a price can rise ... 
  ah , brilliant . 
  i noticed thank you , just unsure - and overestimating uk prices , which is new certainly !, 
  because at the exchange rate ouch . 
  i love london but so many also do yeah it is crazy . 
  and lisbon has done definite non tangible advantages . 
  assuming it is tourism , go to porto and not lisbon . 
  tourists and foreigners are rising prices incredibly in some areas , real problems with night life noise and debris , lisbon could use a small break to think and regulate and change a few things . 
  go to porto . 
  ( i don \u00b4 t know what you think cool anyway , can \u00b4 t judge if you will like it better anyway ), 
  not sure why the downvotes . 
  i can see why . 
  some places do 50 . real lisbon . 
  see what bloody tourists and hipsters do ? 
  price rises !, 
  65 cents !, 
  60 is the price any place with decency will ask . 
  everybody knows . 
  it \u00b4 s an important index . 
   food due to problems with acorn and nut supplies in the surrounding forests . 
  drought ? 
  heat this summer ? 
  this keeps reminding me of the children \u00b4 s cruzade https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/children%27s_crusade big masses of poor , on the move for something glorious hoped for , which is really unlikely to correspond to exactly they dream of . 
  human beings in mass . .
