  or stuff like that . 
  you understate how happy you are , or what you have that others might not have . 
  but it would be unusual if anybody bothered to actually count that and report , particularly because it would mean coordinating stats across two services : irn keeps track of portuguese citizens , sef keeps track of non-nationals . 
  the only thing where that could come up automatically was maybe from the census , every 10 years , and even so . 
  i can \u00b4 t find any relevant field on pordata . 
  not if you consider if it was foreign at the time of birth . 
  somebody born in angola in 1970 will not be foreign born . 
  in 1976 yeah ( but are there those many ? ) . 
  but maybe there is some interpretation gap . 
  the portuguese data is just wrong . 
  according to the 2015 report http://sefstat.sef.pt/docs/rifa_2015.pdf page 12 , the countries of origin of most migrantes are : - brasil - cabo verde - ukraine - romania - china and only then angola ( and then the uk at about the same percentage ) . 
  and for past years it \u00b4 s relatively similar , it was never angola over brasil and cabo verde , though there have been peaks of chinese and nepali on recent years , and the brazillians decreased during the crisis and now are coming back in force again . 
  not so bad , at least it gets decently cool at night . 
  14 at night in a couple days is wonderful and even your forecast has it cooling down to 18 or 19 during the night . 
  day after day of nights not going down 25 , even if day temps `` only '' reach 35 is worse . 
   dude 68 % ? 
  where the well did you get this information ? 
  this is so dubious , there is no way it \u00b4 s true . 
  there is no technical data , no portuguese partner company , my theory they made phone calls from spain speaking spanish , and of the 3 people who put up listening to a phone enquiry done in spanish , 2 said yes . 
  sunday \u00b4 s goal on slow motion ( warning , might be triggering ) http://www.101greatgoals.com/101ggvideos/eders-portugal-winner-v-france-win-euro-2016-slow-motion/ the goal which took france to world cup 2010 ( not sure it was worth the bother though ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fluxmryjaso honor indeed . 
  and speaking of honor and proper refereeing , payet better take care with karma . 
  i don \u00b4 t know why we would want to annex extremadura anyway . 
  very nice people , but fuck , that weather ... we like our beaches . 
  portugal is actually an island ( well , or an island and a couple archipelagos ) , it \u00b4 s just the world is on denial about it . 
  not sure why we would want to annex anything anyway . 
  it seems such bad manners . 
  do you want to make a poll about that in r/ireland for example ? 
  the guy you are responding to was classless and stupid , but the goal was fine , and it takes some nerve dude , it takes some nerve `` worst football cheater '' . 
  very salty of them . 
  no need for that nonsense . 
  ( j/k for the reused joke , they weren \u00b4 t , not at all ), 
  nah , it was not that , might have been thank you anyway . 
  it will show up somewhere . 
  so yeah , thanks as well . 
  we knew it could be done , since it was done to us !, 
  don \u00b4 t know , all greek to me  just a 2 or 3 words . 
  this is way better from this side !, 
  edit - maybe he just said thank you ( but that is kalimero right , and that i would have recognized , but he definetely mentioned greece and the greeks several times ) . 
  i just think no portuguese reporters could translate or write down the greek he mentioned . 
  fernando santos just spoke greek . 
  so yeah thanks for teaching him ** it ** . 
  ( we probably had one in 2004 also . 
  we probably had one already this year as well , makes sense to plan ), 
   do you think your objections overrule the definition of words in english dictionaries ? 
  i think my understanding of the term is far more on line with how most native english language speakers understand `` european capitals '' than yours or the writer . 
  and no sorry , but belfast and cardiff and edinburgh are not really european capitals , not in the sense , the most obvious one of capital of a sovereign state . 
  if they are capitals then add all other regional capitals , the state capitals , the departmanent capitals ... 
  it \u00b4 s not either . 
  it \u00b4 s not the capital of an eu nation , but it \u00b4 s not either an european capital . 
  i am not objecting to oslo or yerevan or belgrade . 
  within the uk you might give it independent country status but from outside it looks just like some detail , what you call autonomous subregions . 
  edinburgh is not an european capital , sorry . 
  constituent country of the uk is not an independent state . 
  those are not eu capital cities , sorry . 
  you might give your constituent countries special status or titles when compared to say departments , states or autonomous regions , but from the point of view of outside , they are not autonomous states . 
  they got football teams for historical reasons , but seriously , scotland is not an eu member of itself , it \u00b4 s not listed as a country outside the uk and edinburgh is not an european capital to anybody outside the uk . 
  ( nor is barcelona or frankfurt or geneva for that matter , not that is a problem to any of them ), 
  edinburgh is not an european capital . 
  sorry but no . 
  maybe one day but not right now . 
  even this might be dodgy , this cancellation , like some fake thing and now they try to get some payment because their contracts could not go ahead . 
  http://www.rtp.pt/noticias/pais/prospecao-de-petroleo-no-algarve-suspensa-pelo-ministerio-do-ambiente_v914516 http://rr.sapo.pt/noticia/51656/concessoes_ilegais_de_exploracao_de_petroleo_fazem_soar_alertas_entre_a_populacao_do_algarve it worries me a bit , if this stop was done properly , from a contractual point of view , but the whole thing was dodgy as fuck and quite insane . 
  and fracking at current oil and gas prices , and current tourism boom in the algarve ( with the jobs it creates ) and climate change and there not being a lot of water for tourism and agriculture ( olives , the agribusinesses in odemira region ) , this never really made much sense to me as being wise . 
  the exact plan , the sousa cintra company was so so so so very dodgy . 
  it looked far from certain it would really produce something , jobs or anything noticeable to the gdp nevermind actively being able to prevent risks to , for example , water tables and in a region which needs them crucially . 
   look at the teams portugal played against they are far from world class tell me something , what defines world class ? 
  historical records in tournaments ? 
  fifa rankings ? 
  or you just `` know '' which are world class ? 
  if historical records in tournaments , a team which in 5 consecutive euros makes the semi finals 4 times is world class . 
  who is world class in the euros according to you ? 
  germany portugal did not get to play , but poland tied germany and portugal tied poland . 
  spain ? 
  croatia beat spain and portugal beat croatia . 
  wales beat belgium and portugal beat wales . 
  ( lol ) wales beat england and portugal beat wales . 
  mind you it \u00b4 s a bit ridiculous to consider these world class and consider croatia for example worse , i have seen them play . 
  you should write to uefa and fifa your proposal to rewrite tournament rules and how it will be much more fair if you decide who deserves to go through . 
  maybe a beauty pageant , maybe you can assign points for tricks , assign points for meme-worthy fans , assign points for chants . 
  write it down sure . 
  and tell us more about deserve and mediocre levels of play which take a team to an euro final . 
  quite amazing how all other teams managed to be even more extremely mediocre but just against us . 
  that is normal . 
  we usually manage to scrape by on qualification , needing to go to play-offs and use the calculator , this time qualification was so easy we had to make it more exciting in group stage . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of typical for us , we qualify just barely , we do badly at friendlies , but then we usually do better as tournaments progresses . 
  we have not been doing great in tournaments outside europe , but tournaments in europe , we get by . 
  i don \u00b4 t think that worked in the past in the uk ... 
  if they want less eu nationals working in the uk , far more than restrictions of movement , this is already going to make lots of people move or just go elsewhere . 
  earning 20 % less or even more is going to make the uk a lot less attractive . 
  brace yourselves ireland - it \u00b4 s really amazing how many people want to emigrate but not learn another foreign language other than english . 
   portugal 13 literally 3 airports for the mainland with 9 + million people , and then 10 airports for 10 inhabited island ( airport missing is probably corvo , which has 300 people or so , 15000 passengers a year would be a lot for it ), 
   currently only a few of the 55 british officials in the european commission 's trade department actually work on trade deals . 
  oh dear god . 
  with the pound at current exchange rate , doubt it . 
  and you are going to lose people just because of that , people move to earn money . 
  if cost of living increases in the uk at the same time as the pound falls , even worse . 
  nevermind the laws and residence permits and so on , the uk became instantly a lot less interesting when the pound fell . 
  if the pound was 1.45 , that would be one thing , with the pound at 1.20 it \u00b4 s a lot less interesting , if it goes down to 1.15 , 1.10 a lot of people will just leave . 
  people \u00b4 s salaries in euros decreased 20 % already . 
  no guarantee it \u00b4 s not going to fall even more .
