over 200 million , very few countries exist nevermind football underachievers . 
  for particular definitions of caring , china and the usa do care , or at least would love to do ok , at least not worse than holland , at something the rest of world values . 
  over 100 million , russia cares . 
  mexico does care . 
  japan , kind of , particularly when playing at home . 
  not quite 100 million , but close and they do care very very much , turkey . 
  iran as well , i think . 
   i can not help myself !, 
  what else are you supposed to do do when you make eye contact with people accidentally ? 
  or need to , you know , interact ? 
  ( not totally joking here , random smiles from strangers are kind of random communication that despite being forced to share the same space , we are not aggressive to each other and are willing to cooperate , in for example , bad mouthing any random queue jumper , politician , football referee , random bureaucrat or slightly unusual weather phenomena in our shared way . 
  you can not just start talking about the weather ! ), 
  i get it , i get about loving to hate . 
  but imo your record in the 1970s versus the 2010s is not seeming all that different . 
  and pity all those countries with hundreds of millions of people and lots of money listening to you complain about how disappointing your national football team is !, 
  it is sounding like that , yes , 
  you sure you are not finnish ? 
  poor you . 
  just the semifinals this last time , yeah , it \u00b4 s admittedly a worsening of performance . 
  and you guys hardly ever had any fun along the way , say like a match against highly hyped reigning champions at the time widely considered to be best team ever ( lol ) . 
  your shocking underachievement in football , might be better understood if compared to say china , india , even russia and the usa . 
  australia who is so `` sporty '' . 
  nigeria and just about almost all the rest of the world might have some feelings about it as well . 
  i mean this gently , because i am sympathetic , honestly , but get some perspective . 
  poor you . 
  just 2 world cup semifinals ( or finals ) in the last 4 years . 
  how many world cup finals ever ? 
  shocking underachieving for a country of 15 million people . 
  ( yo india , indonesia , china , lol . 
  russia , holland thinks they their national football team achievements are shit , how does that make you guys feel ? 
  china , how is that qualification ambitions going ? ), 
  queue jumpers . 
  politicians . 
  football referees . 
  ah , i get now what the person above meant . 
  i never been really far north when it \u00b4 s really close to summer solstice . 
  even when i have been to scandinavia in summer , worse was maybe sun rising about 4 and setting at about 10 , which was not too bad for me . 
   but the constant sunlight really messes with your head . 
  i honestly never had a problem with that . 
  it gets dark again at night anyway . 
  but maybe the longest period i ever experienced of blue skies and sunshine might be some 3 , 4 months - a dry summer or this famously dry winter we once had . 
  it has its drawbacks , all that sunshine is usually a sign of drought . 
  but sunshine on itself , not a problem . 
  particularly in winter . 
  the heat , real heat , particularly when it does not cool down ( say get below 25 ) at night , that does mess with you . 
  sunshine , no , i did not even know it could . 
  they do this shocking concept to a southerner which is they heat their houses , all of the house , all the time even when they are not there . 
  even after some experience with the concept , it \u00b4 s still kind of shocking ( kidding mostly , but i kind of expect to pay the same for electricity year round and do , i do use air conditioning a bit in summer and winter but not a lot ) . 
  in fact imo they kind of go overboard with the heating a bit , and heat the houses too much , so it \u00b4 s too dry and you are almost happy to come into the cold for a walk and get fresh ( really really fresh ) air . 
  an old portuguese joke - portuguese emmigrants in france and switzerland do not come to portugal for christmas because it \u00b4 s too cold in portugal that time of the year !, 
  ( though on the mountain northernmost areas they actually build and use central heating ) . 
  northern europe and winter , it \u00b4 s not the cold which is hard , it \u00b4 s the lack of sun which would really really upset me . 
   as for ground forces they would have a hard time disguising themselves to cross all of europe ... well , zenit is going to come play in lisbon soon ...  so maybe not just the air force and navy will have all the fun , maybe the police will have as well !, 
  yesterday there was a bunch of people proudly wearing jerseys with gazprom written there in big big letters ( but poor things , they were shivering , and had a disappointment . 
  they were presumably german anyway ) . 
  you are right , it \u00b4 s not about a real threat , it \u00b4 s about trying to intimidate . 
  which only works if people are intimidated ... 
  it would be fun to see how brazillian supervisors and crews would react to visiting their ship being built on the white sea , just off the arctic ocean . 
  actually maybe dilma should give hollande a call ... they will not get a better bargain . 
  not quite the same thing , but will be much cheaper . 
  i am actually impressed at the mistral ships , one built from scratch in 3 years or less and for less than a billion dollars . 
  oh , india , india ... 
  the article is fantastic , all of it . 
  patterns of drinking score - 3 to both out of a scale of 1 to 5 . 
  years of life lost score , on a scale of 1 to 5 , where 5 is bad korea - 5 ireland - 5 hmmm ... 
  iirc the regulations posted below coastal country also has control over maritime research equipment in its eez . 
  i presume they could order them out and might have done . 
  i absolutely agree - i have no interest that finland should join or not . 
  their problem , their choice . 
  and not even sure if nato wants it to join it . 
  it was just the gist of these comments kind of struck me as funny . 
  but as i said before , not really sure what this guy actually , in practical terms , wants the west to do . 
  i think i was trying to read too much into it - from thread and article title and comments here i was expecting something deep and insightful and it is just disconnected random spin . 
  i understand what you are saying about orders to shoot , it is just it still strikes me as an undignified way to avoid making a threat . 
  thanks , that was a good summary . 
  i am still a bit confused by how to conciliate not being humiliating to russia ( presumably nato joining of vassal states ) and drawing a line for russia in georgia and elsewhere - would not interfering there would have been far more humiliating ? 
  but this whole article is confusing . 
  i thought i was the only one !, 
  i * think * what he is saying is `` finland , we good at knowing russians , listen to us !, 
  '' , but then he says nothing . 
  maybe he is saying `` we are totally not joining nato just to help you guys out !, 
  your border with russia would double and we would not want to hurt the feelz of the russians , see ? 
  we are doing it to help you guys . 
  it \u00b4 s a plan ! '' . 
  i think that is what he is saying . 
  if i understood what he was saying , maybe i would listen . 
  i read that carefully and have no idea what the fuck he wants nato to do . 
  i do not understand the article very well - maybe this makes sense in finnish context , any help ? 
   and the hornets were flying alongside the russian planes ... the russians turned back . 
  if they had not , what would we have done ? 
  i would not speculate . '' maybe this is a language issue . 
  but he is the president of finland . 
  even if it \u00b4 s not his constitutional role to decide these things ( in our case , in our airspace , it would not the president , it would be the decision of the minister of defense . 
  outside our territorial airspace otoh only the president would be able to give the order to shoot down ) surely he will not need to speculate , since he would know how much the defense forces have been instructed to tolerate ? 
  is nobody telling him what the policies are ?!, 
   we ca n't change geography . 
  we have a 1,300 km border . 
  that is more than all other eu countries together . 
  the nato-russia border would be doubled [ if finland joined ] . 
  we have to consider that too .
