  i am not often accused of being too politically correct , so i guess that is nice  maybe it is that talking of cultures being superior seems cringe-ing stuff to me . 
  maybe a cultural taboo ( bragging is bad , etc ) and maybe leftovers from decolonization processes . 
  and while i agree some * values * are inherently superior , i will remind you that even societies which pay lip service to those values can be bad at applying them and blind about it while thinking themselves to be fair and beacons to the world . 
  ( if the shoe fits , and i think it fits every nation on earth ), 
  maybe it is that countries with a colonial history might have a different perspective about the consequences of thinking their culture is superior to others . 
  plus how can a person use a metric ? 
  some incredibly poor cultures can be pretty high on emotional intelligence and cooperation ; some cultures might be totally backwards to women but be places where no elderly people are abandoned and taking advantage of strangers is a taboo . 
  all cultures have something good , and all have something bad . 
  yeah , the younger demographic is somewhat dispiriting . 
  have we learnt nothing about what happens when we start thinking we are better ( or our culture is ) than others ? 
  if we can not think other cultures might be * better * at something or other , how can we evolve for better if we do not think we have to change ? 
  thinking their own culture is not superior is not hating yourself or thinking it is inferior . 
  it \u00b4 s from my point of view respectful of other cultures , but not a sign of self-hate . 
  38 % is not too bad . 
  and did you notice how all those countries seem to have the same gap for the 30-49 year olds ? 
  apart from france where the young people seems to maintain the same levels of cynicism . 
  for some reason , germany and spain thinking their culture is superior is a bit offputting even if not surprising . 
  those are two big european countries with ultranationalistic dictatorships and atrocities against their own citizens in living memory , and also the countries were the oldest people think their own culture is superior in larger percentage than in britain or france . 
  it \u00b4 s a bit creepy . 
  i wonder what the results for italy would be . 
  yeah it all depends on how the question was asked . 
  but it was a bit cringing that two western european countries with a recent-ish ( 70-80 years , just barely living memory ) history of chest-pounding ultra-nationalistic dictatorships and atrocities against their own people would be the countries where most people think their culture is superior . 
  i did not know that about the pinhal . 
   the terrain is mostly flat uh :p though that might explain why the oldest most central , in continuous human habitation for too many milenia to estimate is castle hill rather than say bel\u00e9m or on the plains on the south side . 
  and theoretically maybe arriba fossil da caparica can protect lisbon itself a bit . 
  though i guess things will narrow and amplify while passing through the narrowing at alcantara . 
  this conversation is getting depressing ... 
  you are right , apparently the 1969 was a 7 . 
  does anybody remember those two little earthquakes some 4-5 years ago ? 
  one during the day , and the other the year after at 2 am or something ? 
  well , after getting some girlfriends . 
  and after that probably some nice dinners and whatever was the local version of booze . 
  then the rest . 
  pretty noticeable - when it cames to thinking their own culture is superior , germany and spain are just like the americans ( 49 , 47 , 44 , i guess all within error margins ) . 
  somehow the rest of us had noticed that . 
  well done france and britain . 
  no , it is not that hot , just by portuguese standards which are probably the mildest of all not-too-small european countries . 
  we get real cold and real hot temperatures but never * really * that extreme . 
  i do n't know personally all 10 million portuguese and do n't know that waitress . 
  i never heard the example they used on the site http://europeisnotdead.com/disco/expressions-of-europe/european-jokes/ i think the site is full of sh * t and inventing their `` data '' . 
  that could sort of be an alentejano joke . 
  can you read portuguese ? 
  ( beja is notoriously the hottest city in alentejo and portugal ) . 
  two alentejanos are walking through the cork oaks and all of a sudden one of them picks a stick and kills a snail . 
  the other one asks : - - so , compadre , what has the snail done to you that you wanted to kill it ? 
  - that snail had been following us for two hours , listening to our conversation , up to no good !, 
  the imaginary is that alentejanos are very slow-moving and lazy ( it \u00b4 s the hottest part of portugal ) , and somewhat naive , but kind hearted and sometimes pretty witty at coming on top . 
  i guess most countries have a version . 
   edit : history of lisbon wiki . 
  search for quake wow , it * has * been pretty quiet for the last 250 years . 
  i am portuguese and not sure ever heard any joke about the spanish . 
  we joke about alentejanos mostly . 
  wait for the next ice age and then we will talk . 
  1531 , wikipedia here for example http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1755_lisbon_earthquake ou aqui em portugu\u00eas http://pt.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sismo_de_lisboa_de_1531, 
  there have been other earthquakes in lisbon - or that affected lisbon because to be fair our problem is not earthquakes with epicenter in lisbon but rather in those banks west of sagres - banco de gorringe etc there was a well documented earthquake 1500-something ( 1520s ? ), 
  and another a little after the conquest and there is evidence of older historical earthquakes including during the roman period . 
  and on the tagus valley , a smallish earthquake in the final years of the monarchy . 
  wikipedia article mentions a bit about those other older earthquakes http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1755_lisbon_earthquake, 
  well that is a lot better than i expected - ~ ~ it takes into account predicted magnitude right ? 
  not just frequency ? 
  because a 8 is just not better than a hundred 4s ~ ~ nvm , ground acceleration in a certain range in the next 50 years , got it . 
  but still not reassured regarding tsunamis . 
  i have seen it , my friends told me it had been a surprise for them how common it was while hunting for a house to rent . 
  that and the taps but taps is not icky . 
  this was near london and cheap-ish-to-decent rental property ( by round london standards meaning shockingly expensive elsewhere ), 
  carpets in bathrooms . 
  why ? 
  oh why . 
  4 national football teams , oh yeah . 
  england ( and i do mean england , this uk thing is recent ) is our oldest bestie friend - some frenemy stuff now but friends since kindergarten . 
  we sometimes look at newbie countries and share a giggle at the youngsters . 
  proper respect for the sanctity of queues . 
  i get it , thanks . 
  just wondering about the differences in general murder rates ( or alcoholism ) between finland and danmark/sweden - i would not expect any significant difference . 
  vaduz is not even trying . 
  ( well done to them ) . 
  it is interesting ( in a morbid way , i guess ) , thank you . 
  i suspect it might be related to domestic crimes or something - our ( portuguese ) recent crime rates are pretty interesting ( in a really morbid way ) in the way they are changing with the economical crisis and reverse imigration ( less crime , iirc though more domestic crime ) . 
  please , let \u00b4 s take switzerland out of the equation , guns in switzerland ( like many things in switzerland we do not even notice ) are a completely unique case . 
  switzerland is weird in many many things and not comparable to anywhere else particularly regarding the whole army-guns thing ( and noise laws , and a few other things ) . 
  thanks for checking it out , i agree that it does not seem to be related to gun ownership . 
  i don \u00b4 t understand your stats very well , you are comparing total numbers , but not dividing by population ? 
  also keep in mind that convicted murderers is not the same as reported homicides ( because some homicides will not be solved , some murderers will kill more than one person ) and anyway we should always divide by population numbers . 
  my doubt was regarding finland being 4th in homicide rates , when danmark and sweden were so much further down in that ranking . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  guns in switzerland are just weird , because of the reservist conditions and that particular mindset . 
  not sure we can compare fairly - or even if the stats on gun ownership are counting the reservist weapons . 
  if reservist is even the right word . 
  thanks for the data , it \u00b4 s pretty interesting . 
  suicides are not going to count for homicide rates right ? 
  would that small difference in homicide with firearms explain the difference in data ? 
  what is in your opinion be the reason for the difference in homicide rates ? 
  but not sure that explains it , if i remember copenhagen on weekends , the swedes do not have less of that problem and are much lower on the statistics ( and yes , meant copenhagen in danmark and swedes ) . 
  now does anybody have a statistic of the number of guns per capita to do a correlation graph ? 
  this is morbid curiosity but would it ? 
  how big would a bomb have to be to harm the structure of the tunnel ? 
  i would assume it was engineered to withstand something going very wrong with a train ( or a couple trains at the same time ) . 
  anybody has any idea ? 
  where are you from , just for curiosity ? 
  and have you travelled a lot outside of schengen ?
