  iberian peninsula - the bit of land . 
  always correct when talking about the land and the correct term for the land . 
  includes gibraltar and andorra and probably bits of france , but those are so tiny we often ignore them . 
  particularly when discussing history . 
  spain - the nation with borders with portugal , france , andorra and gibraltar ( and morocco i guess ) . 
  historically , could have meant the whole peninsula , way way back , in modern usage , no . 
   so , in a long lost past and that is where that usage should stay . 
   what i am saying is that it is correct to say that portugal is geographically part of spain but it 's not spanish , see the difference ? 
  i really do not see the difference . 
  one implies the other . 
  it would have been acceptable usage in historical terms but it \u00b4 s not in current modern language nor is `` spain '' the same as iberian peninsula and if you must absolutely talk of portugal and spain when not including gibraltar and andorra just call it `` portugal and spain '' . 
  lusitania is an historical term , of not much political connotations . 
  btw i would not be so sure about extremadurans opinions on it - i am sure the people of merida for example , will not reject it . 
   portugal is part of spain , geographically speaking no . 
  not in current usage , neither in portuguese nor english and that is my point . 
   portugal is a part of spain when you define spain as the spanish region . 
  nooo . 
  we call it `` a pen\u00ednsula ib\u00e9rica '' , not spain or `` spanish region '' which i never ever heard . 
  when talking of the roman province ( s ) we call it hispania , when talking of the multiple medieval kingdoms we call it , maybe , as espanhas but even that unlikely , we call it `` os reinos '' or something like that . 
  iberian peninsula is a perfectly good and proper expression . 
  not in current usage . 
  when talking of historical contemporary matters it is acceptable , but with time meaning of `` spain '' shifted to be just what we call `` spain '' ( and arguably some of its constituent parts do not quite identify with it either ) . 
  central part of the iberian peninsula claimed sucessfully the name spain for itself , and few portuguese will by now know the context of the word ( and actually be surprised by things like pedro hispano or `` terras de espanha '' in a nau catrineta ) , and i suspect almost all will reject that tag in common usage . 
  interestingly enough , i also think there is an annexation process going on , done by spain , of the word iberia , iberian as well . 
  iberia is the word they used for their airline , for example ... 
  me too and not like we use a lot of gas , particularly in winter . 
  but not including countries with 0 % usage of russian gas is kind of misleading - people are not going to count if all 28 countries or check country by country . 
  they will look at the graph and think the best situation is a country which only uses it for 5 % , rather say the uk not using it at all . 
   g\u00fcnther oettinger was highly criticised for comments including : `` stupidity is something you can only partly save people from . '', 
  including the stupidity of eu commissioners . 
  bravo , mr commissioner , you proved the veracity of your own statement . 
  is it just me not remembering enough about the choices and parliamentary approval of other commissions , or is this one really the messiest , most stupid one ever ? 
  portista/portuense detectado . 
  ( op above , i meant ) . 
   alentejo in my native portugal has the highest solar potential in all of europe . 
  yet the investment in the area is very low . 
  because the competition in portugal is wind - nobody calls the mills ugly or claims they are being made ill by that and we got more windy hilltops useful for nothing and with no houses nearby than we can count . 
  compared to that , solar power is quite frankly not very useful . 
  let \u00b4 s all increase solar power production - and how are you going to use it or store it ? 
  we can not get people to start using primarily electricity between 11 am and 2 pm since very few , if any , have the right counters for that , and energy demand at those times is pretty low . 
  energy demand at those hours is low , and if there is any baseline coal plant boiler active , it can not be really dialed down and it and some wind will probably be more than enough to cover demand at those times . 
  we could store some energy by water pumping , particular when new dams and current work on existing ones is finished , but excess wind power production at 4 am is more than enough for that , energy will probably cost 0 cents at 4 am , and much preferable to put the water back at night , right after the hydro was used at 9pm for peak rush . 
  solar is useful , it \u00b4 s just that i quite agree with our national energy policy in this case . 
  hope they take good measures before trying to put them all in . 
  maybe use some bumpers tires to avoid scratches when they packe them in . 
  it \u00b4 s a lot of ships for a body of water so small . 
  isn \u00b4 it so cute when they call it a sea ? 
  are they going to have to coordinate really well where which stands to be able to move ? 
  or wait , are they making a boat bridge across it ? 
  that would work . 
   portugal cedes olivenza to spain . 
  act of the congress of vienna ( 1815 ) ratifies olivenza as part of spain . 
  no it does not !, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disputed_status_of_olivenza  despite that spain also signed the treaty of vienna in 1817 , restoring olivenza/oliven \u00e7a to portugal . 
  portugal claims de jure sovereignty over olivenza/oliven \u00e7a on the grounds that the treaty of badajoz was revoked by its own terms ( which stated : the breach of any of its articles would lead to its cancellation ) when spain invaded portugal in the peninsular war of 1807 , and foremost , due to the fact that spain signed the treaty of vienna in 1815 , which recognizes olivenza/oliven \u00e7a as portuguese territory . 
   portugal further bases its case on article 105 of the treaty of vienna of 1815 , which spain signed in 1817 , that states that the winning countries are to `` endeavour with the mightiest conciliatory effort to return olivenza to portuguese authority '' . 
  thus , the border between the two countries in the region of olivenza should be as demarcated by the treaty of alca\u00f1ices of 1297 . 
  spain interprets article 105 as not being mandatory on demanding spain to return olivenza to portugal , thus not revoking the treaty of badajoz . 
  portugal has never made a formal claim to the territory after the treaty of vienna , but has equally never directly acknowledged the spanish sovereignty over olivenza . 
   there is a vigent treaty ( two actually ) that says olivenza is part of spain which one ? 
  i am not aware of that at all . 
  only treaty i am aware of is the vienna one in 1815 or so where spain promises to return olivenza with promptitude . 
  while gibraltar , as far as i know , britain never committed to ever returning it . 
  wtf ? 
  fair enough . 
  but you said long standing and mentioned historical on the other previous post , and by european standards ( at least mine ) just the last 100 years is not what i think when people talking of long standing and historical . 
   i 'm no expert at the history of either scotland or catalonia , but i believe the scottish independence movement is more recent in nature . 
  scotland has actually been independent for centuries and centuries , as its own country , with its own foreign policy and borders and rulers . 
  they only joined the united kingdom officially in 1707 and they still have the same borders , church and judicial systems . 
  fuck it , they even have their own national football team and football league . 
  good wishes for all , whatever the result . 
  and whatever the result , congratulations this was * civilized * and proper . . and i expect there will be a shocking , by any standards , amount of drinking tonight in any case . 
  fuck him . 
  nobody \u00b4 s business but the scots , and the rest of the brits and even them to a lesser part . 
   also homicides in greece are 99.9999 % of the time between family/friends drama usually involving money/cheating/etc here as well or close . 
  i think literally half of all homicides are women murdered by husbands/partners . 
  but regarding greece , just from my portuguese point of view , it kind of instinctively sounds less safe to me - i think because i remember a few of your social protests which were a bit more physical than ours , and also immigrants being beaten or persecuted and golden dawn and all that . 
  not very tourist friendly . 
  not that i care , tourism is good for the economy , but having to share space everyday with ever increasing masses of tourists , i do not have a problem with people not wanting to visit and preferring to go elsewhere . 
  totally fine guys !, 
  you did say  am\u00e1lia , which pretty much created her own genre : fado . 
  which put my hair standing on end in shock , and i thought a little tiny lecture might be useful . 
  til , right ? 
  amalia has a very important place in the history of fado , and she projected it and brought a lot into it ( the poets , the historical poems ) . 
  but she did not create it , and fado is larger than just what she sung about . 
  fado was , before amalia , very much a neighbourhood thing of lisbon and of a different kind , a student thing of coimbra and it still is . 
  and your selection sucks . 
  can\u00e7\u00e3o do mar imo also is not a fado . 
  gaivota is meh , not bad , but not one of the great ones . 
  not enough pain and suffering at all . 
  there is a trio of songs which probably everybody will agree are great , essential fados : - [ estranha forma de vida ] , ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufgcturygp4 ) music by alfredo marceneiro , lyrics by amalia herself , it does not get more fado than this . 
  i have heard it played instead of the national anthem . 
  - [ povo que lavas no rio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj-ugf0_ypg ) - [ barco negro ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e89hxkqxgym ) . 
  a few more candidates , and gaivota is not bad , not bad at all , but it \u00b4 s not one of the essential ones . 
  from the article , there is a full reservoir nearby  yet in the distance , it is possible to discern the turquoise waters of la pedrera reservoir , which is full to overflowing . 
  but the water is kept for plots of land watered by irrigation , not for the so-called secano , the arid land of alicante 's interior that has to survive on rainfall . 
  you can not water everything from reservoirs and acqueducts , this is about the normal land , things like almonds or vineyards and regular wildlife which would normally survive just fine dry years . 
  problem is the pattern of so much drought . 
  and if you remove water from one place to another you would probably be affecting the place you are removing it from . 
  also these acqueducts usually work north to south , transvases .
