  salty liquorice is an inside joke scandinavians are playing on the rest of us . 
  `` oh eat this , it \u00b4 s delicious '' ... not fooling me ever again guys !, 
  some of us are into your private joke . 
  iceland . 
  or maybe canada . 
   neither is very constructive , the difference is that in general spaniards will say it more easily , while we apparently avoid it for some reason . 
  good manners . 
  the same way you felt it was impolite to tell your friend we also feel it \u00b4 s impolite to burst other people \u00b4 s illusions ( an interesting factoid , how different even the meaning of the similar word is on both languages , ilusion in spanish and ilus\u00e3o in portuguese . 
  very false cognates indeed , and maybe a deeply symbolic one ) . 
  and yes , for all the centuries old differences , it \u00b4 s a deeply civilized relationship . 
  no massacres in the last what 150 , or much longer years . 
   we 'll leave that sort of pointless posturing to cristiano ronaldo , thank you very much ... but what was this 2013 objection , just removed then , if not that ? 
  because if it was not that , then what ? 
  2009 , all ok , late 2013 making noise , 2014 formal objection , 2015 with no notice and just a pdf on the un site the objection is removed ? 
  newspaper speculation in portugal points out to 2013 having been a moment of stress between spain and the uk regarding gibraltar ( or having been a useful local smokescreen ) , and this having been part of that , a little territorial flexing of muscles . 
  then why assume the pot was stirred by anybody else or anybody else is interested in anything related to this little bit of ocean floor ? 
   shows that whomever might want to stir the pot between portugal and spain ( mutually dependent , allies and partners ) you realize the pot was stirred by spain , on its own ? 
   actually , the oil exploration has been a fiasco . 
  which i guess has something to do with this decision ... 
  yes , the price of oil . 
  so i guess , uh thanks , obama ? 
   http://i746.photobucket.com/albums/xx101/paulobr/poa-lis-fnc%202011-06-13/2011-06-14141548.jpg selvagem grande is bigger than monaco , i think . 
  if you look at some of the islands of many other archipeagos and seas , some are not much bigger , if bigger . 
  and anyway spain pushed its objection since 2013 , stuck to it in 2014 , if they really thought it was going to be conceded , weird to have the objection removed just now , before a decision is to be announced . 
  you mean iceland has 600 dead children in a year ? 
  their rate according to the map is 2.5 per 1000 live births . 
  that would make iceland have 240 thousand live births in a year , for the total number of child mortality to be 600 . 
  that is impossible . 
  population of iceland is around 325 000 birth rate of iceland 13.09 live births per 1000 population http://www.indexmundi.com/iceland/birth_rate.html actually i found an article with real stats http://icelandreview.com/news/2014/07/10/fewer-births-fertility-rate-drops-iceland they say 4,326 child were born in iceland in a year . 
  child mortality rate of 2.5 per 1000 more or less , means about 11-12 died in that calendar year . 
  of course things like an accident where two children died , a change in statistical reporting protocols , an epidemic and you might see a difference in the rate `` just '' from a couple of deaths . 
  ok not 1 or 2 or 3 total but i did say * maybe * because i had not done the math and was using it as an example for a real phenomena - in some nuts 1 or nuts 2 regions births will be quite smaller and indeed child mortality rate will vary wildly because it is the ration of an integer to a much larger variable number . 
  examples of countries ( eu or not ) or regions with small population where the statistical variation will be very visible iceland - population 300 thousand monaco - population 35 thousand andorra - population 85 thousand and a bunch of other regions and archipelagos . 
  what year is this ? 
  that is really relevant , because you know for countries with advanced medical systems particularly when combined with low populations ( and low natality rates ) , the ranking is very variable . 
  the statistical error is so large that measuring from year to year , it varies very much . 
  your relative ranking relative to some other countries ( particularly small population countries ) is not very meaningful . 
  for some regions ( and even regions with the population size of iceland maybe ) total child mortality is 0 , or 1 or 2 . 
  things like a pertussis or flu epidemic , a change in how something is processed statistically , just a coincidence in traffic accidents will cause spikes . 
  child mortality is thankfully so very low in most of western europe it \u00b4 s subject to a big statistical error margin that these rankings are very variable from year to year . 
  though of course let \u00b4 s keep working to lower the absolute mortalities as much as possible . 
  just to make a point clear : gay people can adopt . 
  as single person , even if they are in a long term relationship . 
  it would be discrimination and inconstitucional if a person could not adopt a child because they are gay - i do not know how social workers and judges would consider it , but pretty sure it happens going by a radio show on adoption i heard some years ago . 
  what is not possible is for two married people of the same gender to adopt , both as equal co-parents . 
  i actually think that is unconstitutional , and don \u00b4 t know the history of that being contested judicially . 
  i actually think that is counterproductive to the interests of a child - wonder how it will mesh with the new step-families law which has been approved . 
  but weirdly if gay couples want to adopt , best solution might just be , don \u00b4 t get married , if you can adopt as a single person ( if social workers think that person is a good parents for that child ) , then get married and see how it works with the new law . 
  you can \u00b4 t play chess on your own against somebody who owns the monopoly game set in which you think are playing chess . 
  as if he could not guess perfectly the questions being asked !, 
  very original questions i am sure , sports reporters are famous for that . 
  and that is a perfect example , almost a year here and he does not even try to speak portuguese ( well , admittedly , it \u00b4 s probably not going to be a long term job anyway ), 
  even back them they were not really us but `` brazillians '', 
   his wife ~ ~ and anything & everything related to him ~ ~ is such a shame for us !, 
  is this about something else than what she wears or her appearance ? 
  i only know this photo , and i do not get it . 
  if she makes tons of dodgy statements , if she or her family have enriched suddenly and mysteriously that i would agree . 
  if it \u00b4 s about her looks or how piously she chooses to dress , i think the shame is people who judge her for it , not her . 
  if you saw some old ladies from the countryside of portugal or i think some other countries ( brittany ? 
  sicily ? ), 
  there is not much difference . 
  or urban ladies in the 1950s , heck even say grace kelly or the queen of england at any age with their headscarves . 
  head scarves where useful for weather or wind situations , nevermind catholic attendance to mass till the 1970s . 
  and using them because of religious reasons , it \u00b4 s a scarf , what is the big deal about it , i do not know . 
  it \u00b4 s a little more complicated in portugal . 
  technically speaking military service is compulsory for all citizens when they reach 18 . it \u00b4 s just that in practice the actual military is voluntary during peace times , registration and attendance to a special day , the day of national defense , is mandatory , and every year there are big lists of all kids who turn 18 during that calendar year and the day they need to serve and place they are supposed to be . 
  that day is like a recruitment drive for the voluntary service . 
  but it is a form of conscription , you do owe them that day . 
  ( sadly i think a kid once died during activities in that day , they went all recruiting mode with cool `` radical '' activities and something went wrong during rappelling or something ) . 
  it \u00b4 s very old testament biblical ( apple caused the fall and all that ... ), 
  that makes me doubt how good the test is , not that spanish people speak english better than the portuguese do . 
  ( i actually kind of wish the spanish would speak better english than the portuguese do , it would make communicating with the spanish so much easier and more effortless . 
  but they really really don \u00b4 t. 
  a cashier , a sales assistant , a bank teller , even people with impressive job positions if you try some english just to make sure you are understanding correctly they panic ), 
   has portugal got the international recognition of them as portuguese islands ? 
  i see that the map claims them . 
  the islands themselves , are officially recognized by the un precursor ( society of nations ? ), 
  as portuguese since 1920s ( as well as a long history of being in portuguese ownership in the centuries before that ) and all subsequent international treaties recognize it . 
  hey they are included in the founding treaty of nato ( spain only joined nato much later and i am sure it must have agreed to recognize the territories of other treaty members somewhere . 
  you can not ask about it , because you know conflict ) . 
  there is no argument about it at all . 
  what you seem to be asking about is for the eez continental platform . 
  whether the islands are islands or rocks they and the 12 miles are portuguese territory . 
  if the islands are islands the eez limits have to take that into account and the eez border will be divided between the northernmost canary island and the southermost selvagem island . 
  last year was the deadline for countries to propose their eez limits maps , no word yet . 
  ( i would not hold my breath for the spanish proposal to go ahead btw , there is a really long history of the islands being considered and called islands in international treaties , as well as selvagem grande being , imo , obviously a proper island . 
  postal codes , municipal tax and stuff ) . 
   whatever you do , do n't buy your aircraft helicopter carrier from russia france . 
  i am sure they could make a really good price on a couple of really good ones !, 
  on phone , yes . 
  yay for wikipedia so it covers social phenomena as well . 
  i really did not expect to be an article about it . 
  the article is gorgeous , and will make an effort just for you  some families have won substantial awards from ** sympathetic juries ** , even though many public health officials have said that the claims of injuries are unfounded and of course the big one  in 2003 , parents of over 1,000 united kingdom children diagnosed with autism spectrum disorders , alleging the mmr vaccine was the culprit , were dealt a major setback by decision by the legal services commission to withdraw legal aid . 
  this followed advice to the commission by the lawyers representing the parents themselves that the lawsuit had no reasonable prospects of success . 
  [ 8 ] yes , we heard a lot about those vaccination `` injuries '' . 
  children now die of measles in western europe because of that study . 
  what is a vaccination injury ? 
  you bump your toe on the way to consultation ? 
  back pain from the torture instruments waiting room chairs ? 
  plus national health system .
