   barcelona , we 're talking about a tax that charges each tourist as much as 2.5 $ per day just for the right of being there . 
  if we want to talk about that , that is 912.5 euros a year . 
  a resident might pay a lot more than that on imi + taxa de saneamento + taxa de prote\u00e7\u00e3o civil nevermind the irs municipal contribution . 
  and in lisbon that is 1 euro a day if that . 
  365 euros a year , i would be very glad to be paying `` just '' that . 
  if i am told  your whole economy is based on them , if they leave you will still bitch about lack of tourist . 
  either move or shut up . 
  i most certainly got a right to object . 
  plus , clearly ( from remembered conversations on r/portugal ) you do not live in lisbon , you got no clue how entitled tourists are . 
  and if we want to talk about how much tax ( iva !, 
  irs municipal contribution , imi , taxa de saneamento , taxa de prote\u00e7\u00e3o civil ) i contribute to the municipal budget and compare it to any tourist , feel free . 
  not yet . 
  worse , normal rental income pays a tax of 28 % . 
  if it \u00b4 s airbnb they pay a 5 % tax on that income and can deduct a fuck load of expenses . 
  we are currently on the middle of a really bad real estate crisis in lisbon . 
  you do n't know anything about taxes in portugal . 
  airbnb rentals pay a lot less tax than standard rentals . 
  businesses pay less tax than private bate citizens . 
  we lose taxes . 
  that is a problem . 
  if they work in tourism it is really unlikely they can afford to live here any longer . 
  that is the problem . 
  and tourism working conditions are terrible , precarious , using ilegal immigrants . 
  it should not replace other businesses . 
  you can travel where you want . 
  i just want limits to how much lodging there can be and it to be taxed adequately . 
  i want prices for tourists to rise so the market forces themselves limit how many came or for how long they can afford to stay . 
  what do you want residents to do about that ? 
  not eat there ? 
  they do not !, 
  it is tourists which feed the tourist traps !, 
  kind of like a pet peeve , tourists which want `` authentic '' fado places at a random day of the year for cheap !, 
  just locals singing out ( and playing the portuguese guitar which is hard on the body ) because they feel like it with no cover charges t cover the music . 
  and sneering at the traditional fado houses which are 80 or more years old and are like the fado graduate schools . 
  residents laugh at tourists who want to avoid other tourists . 
  that is an incredible naive view . 
  local businesses asked for my vote ? 
  politicians do but elections are every 4 years , and not everybody votes for what naming candidate either and if you do they might in the next 4 years face decisions and make choices not according to electoral program . 
  nobody asked me if i wanted to see my hometown become infested with tourists . 
  it was the richest place in portugal before , i am not making any money and the city is losing a lot . 
  tourists feel fucking entitled - you should feel grateful i am buying mcdonald 's and supermarket beer in your town , i am the one propping your economy and bullshit like that . 
  for places like barcelona or lisbon tourism could be reduced to half and only tourist . 
  related businesses notice it . 
  all the `` enchidos '' , the sausage and cured meats are better , not just the ham . 
  the acorns are particularly prized as food for the fattening of herds of wild ranging `` black pigs '' . 
  they are released in autumn for fattening and growing muscle and the acorn is their favorite food , it 's really rich on some fats . 
  the black pig meat is richer in flsbour , fatter so it 's really valued to make sausages and cured meats . 
  iberic ham is made from acorn fed wild ranging pigs and it can be extremely expensive and prized . 
  that beige is too grey for that warm white . 
  not 365 days a year !, 
  a couple months of the year only . 
  the cork is protection , grows huge . 
  it 's dead cells , it 's even meant to be somewhat shed . 
  it 's like cutting overgrown nails in animals or shearing sheep . 
  you do not touch living tissue . 
  ca n't justify it scientifically but like horses which get horseshoes or sheep which get sheared cork oaks whose barks get removed regularly look happier bigger healthier than '' wild '' cork oaks with huge growths of cork . 
  i put a link on this thread of the oldest known cork oak which was had cork removed some 20 times , it 's remarkably big and healthy . 
  yeah . 
  the first cork removed is very low quality , it \u00b4 s only at 2nd and 3rd cork removal you get the really good quality ones ( and from some areas are better , denser ) https://www.apcor.pt/cortica/processo-de-transformacao/descorticamento/ . 
  if you see commercially explored cork oak trees or groves ( we call it montado ) you got this huge , old , very happy trees . 
  not sure even if it \u00b4 s better for the tree . 
  some photos including the oldest cork oak tree known http://www.vortexmag.net/assobiador-o-sobreiro-mais-antigo-do-mundo/, 
  oh yes for centuries . 
  they get painted a number , the end number of the year ( 7 for 2017 ) and in 10ish years it gets harvested again . 
  cork oaks have been legally protected for years . 
  you ca n't cut a living one or harm it , need a special permission . 
  a really big court case right now over some developers and politicians and cork oaks getting cut for a new golf course . 
  they got a really great list at the wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oldest_continuously_inhabited_cities obviously it gets complicated to date precisely the origin of some cities , but the eastern mediterranean does indeed have many older cities . 
  hence the qualifier `` western europe '' . 
  attitude to drugs might be related to historical attitudes to drinking . 
  the north , the british isles , former soviet union they got historical drinking patterns , where being periodically totally fucked up through alcohol is expected , a treat . 
  in latin countries that is a lot rarer , you drink but you are expected to pace yourself , to control yourself . 
  of course not all people do but we tend to look at those people as having a problem , friends might avoid partying with them . 
  it \u00b4 s not about being the hottest , it \u00b4 s about the biggest temperature anomaly this past month , and was just going by the map - a very hot city who is cooler than usual this month but still hot is compatible with the map . 
  thanks for mentioning the city , a better guess and checked and how what a lovely little city that seems to be . 
  that is not venice . 
  that is maybe dunno , trento ? 
  you are awfully close to russia and millions of russians though . 
  poor morocco . 
  poor spain . 
  and madrid , as if that was not already hot enough in summer , to add insult to injury . 
   does that look super green to you that is not green ? 
  the photo was taken in july , at noon !, 
  ( massive differences between how green the iberian peninsula looks in summer versus winter ) . 
  and it is still pretty green ( the trees at the end of the road , all the vines , the fields ) and will look it from the sky . 
   most of the portuguese territory looks just like spain . 
  not all of spain looks like other parts of spain even . 
  that is profoundly stupid . 
  i got a theory though , that when i am in a plane i can look down and tell if we are already in portugal or are still over spain . 
  the two main routes to europe are the straight northwards along the coast route crossing the coast of galicia ( this route is gorgeous !, 
  and yeah you can tell , though mostly because of the type of coast , the rias ) , and then the central peninsular one , crossing beira and then castilla and so on . 
  you can tell on that route as well - no part of portugal is as dry and stark ( or sparely inhabited as central spain ) , it \u00b4 s usually a bit greener . 
  check some precipitation maps . 
  that is not entitled . 
  but the phrasing , the argument is very typical of tourists and quite hateful . 
  `` i am here spending money ( as little as possible ) , you should be grateful for me for propping up your economy '' . 
  it \u00b4 s a scumbag argument particularly when said tourist is spending affecting negatively an area which would be already very rich and not really needing ~ ~ trash like that ~ ~ . 
  the romans did not name the iberian peninsula iberia , that is an older name from the river ebro maybe , through the greek . 
  the romans called the iberian peninsula hispania , and by the way they called what is now albania illyria . 
  makes sense .
