  fava rica is kind of hummus like ( hummus is made with favas in some countries , like egypt ) but not mashed ? 
  a salad of favas . 
  mostly a tradition from lisbon ( kind of extinct ) and the azores ( still alive ) . 
   was more in the point that no , i do n't think portuguese tradicional cuisine is vegan friendly . 
  i was not talking about traditional portuguese cuisine , i was talking about food choices in restaurants and canteens in lisbon . 
   at least here they have gazpacho gaspacho is also portuguese , you know . 
  as are the soup of the days in every caf\u00e9 and restaurant . 
   think of at least one portuguese dish that 's suitable for vegans . 
  sopa de legumes ? 
  torricado ? 
  fava rica ? 
  i was kind ot talking about restaurant options in lisbon and basically lisbon . 
  you got quite a few . 
  if you go to happy cow lisbon has got 69 listings . 
  madrid despite being a much larger city and capital of a country with 4 or 5 times the population has 89 . 
  more , but proportionally it \u00b4 s easier in lisbon . 
   before the introduction of corn and potatoes , the galician countryside could barely feed itself , with chestnuts being a major source of energy in the most isolated communities very much like the north of portugal . 
  ( do you have magustos for s\u00e3o martinho on the 11th as well ? 
  i bet you do . 
  spreading the whole month ) . 
  and like the wine in trellis supports , alvarinho/albari \u00f1o over the corn . 
  so maybe a cultural sharing thing , but what i meant is using corn for broa is pretty unique to northern portugal galicia . 
  maybe it \u00b4 s a natural replacement for older centeio ( rye ? ), 
  but as far as i know but in the rest of europe corn never was important in making bread . 
  italians adopted it for polenta , in the south of portugal we got our own kinds of xer\u00e9m , same in madeira and in africa ( from cape verde cachupa to this kind of polenta they make in mozambique ) but broa with corn , is prety specific to portugal and galicia . 
  from where the corn spread to galicia do not know . 
  broa and caldo verde  decent broa , can \u00b4 t tell you how unreplaceable and unique that is , galicia feels very much like home in some things !, 
  the upper and lower minho are very similar . 
  kind of . 
  but not quite . 
  portugal \u00b4 s cuisine is of course , its own thing ( and morocco maybe as well ) . 
  we use a lot of things other european countries do and sometings we do not nit which we share in common with other continents instead , like corn bread ( galicia excepted but it \u00b4 s probably our fault anyway ) , black eyed beans ( from africa ) , piri piri and caril . 
  chuchu and quiabo and inhame and maracuj\u00e1 and anona in the islands and sometimes in the mainland as well . 
  nobody else loves the piripiri , has it be native cuisine basic like we do . 
  nobody else in europe except maybe the icelanders eats , loves , fusses about , fish and shellfish like we do . 
  bacalhau from norway , iceland , terra nova , it \u00b4 s very much not from the mediterranean and arguably a driving force in portuguese history and an example of a food stuff driving history and politics . 
  mediterranean is of course the main influence in portuguese cuisine , but in a lot of things , i think the only way to understand portugal is to understand what is the atlantic ocean and the influences it brought . 
   but i would still say portuguese cuisine is not as extensive as in other mediterranean cuisines , portugal is not a mediterranean country . 
  and that is something important . 
  i think spanish and french and italian cuisines are very extensive , but portugal \u00b4 s cuisine for a much smaller ( in population country ) is also very interesting . 
  it catches nearly as many different climates and zones as those countries do , and it is much more open to the influence of the atlantic trade and other continents . 
  the uses of spices , the uses of things like corn bread and corn meal , the curries from goa and mozambique , muamba with okra , the sweet potatoes , the use of black eyed beans ( almost unique in european cuisine as is broa , apart from galicia of course ) , the passion fruit and pineapple desserts , piripiri . 
  it \u00b4 s smaller geographically maybe but it \u00b4 s still wide and it has a lot of ties to other continents . 
  it is probably undistinguishable from chauvinism to an outsider but lisbon is seriously not a difficult city to veggies and vegans . 
  portugal as a country never obsessed about eating meat as a status symbol ( fresh fish and other seafood is the thing we obsess about but we kind of treat it separetely ) and veggie is just like another type of cuisine . 
  outside lisbon might be different , but for a veggie lisbon is probably a lot easier than spain or italy . 
  where is the sand ? 
  and that flat flat flat calm `` sea '' in november is mind boggling.poor surfers . 
  portugal news http://theportugalnews.com/, 
  acceptance is implied , respect for the feeling as being a necessary inevitable part of life , of being the other side of the coin of having had something good . 
  no implications at all '' to fail gradually in health or vitality '' . 
  not necessarily implication that it is painful or that you actually want back what you have saudade for . 
  it \u00b4 s a word which has got some 600 years at all of literary , poetical tradition associated to it , we got a whole load of songs or poems we learn in school associated to it and its usage and it \u00b4 s really difficult to translate accurately the nuances . 
  but that is kind of normal , all languages got words difficult to define . 
  i just had to resort to nuance . 
  an example here is the dutch word for not-quite-cozy except `` cozy '' is a word used in portuguese as well to describe some interior design looks , because we have no word which quite matches that nuance , that look . 
  no , really not . 
  not in the english language at least . 
  which is fine , because there are lots of english words i would not be able to translate properly into portuguese either , each word has loads of meanings . 
   4 : portugal , spain . 
  in portugal we call that `` portugal and spain '' - it \u00b4 s not that long an expression . 
  if you want to include andorra and gibraltar as well , iberian peninsula is what it is and just about the only correct expression ( iberia is a spanish airline and just that ) . 
   but rather to much older peoples . 
  like way older people groups . 
  they might have been the ones the celts replaced , actually , though it is likely that they are even older than those originally . 
  very true . 
  just to add a possible name for these people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beaker_culture#iberian_peninsula, 
  yes . 
  fuck it . 
  and fuck this most particularly  in rural areas of georgia , which has one of europe 's highest rates of early marriage , young brides today are still kidnapped , a practice that was forbidden in soviet times and has been punishable with a prison sentence since 2004 . 
  the president of portugal traditionally has a very wide range of powers , which he is expected to use sparingly and wisely . 
  since he was elected , about a year ago , there is no real criticism . 
  he is very very chilled indeed and very popular . 
  it \u00b4 s not new , it \u00b4 s from a month or two ago . 
  don \u00b4 t worry about the president , he used to be ( probably still is , technically ) a law university professor , he is very used to young people who don \u00b4 t know quite everything they should . 
  not willingly , no . 
  5 to 14 in vila real ? 
  it \u00b4 s still , well , not frozen . 
  i really really can not relate to the rest of pics people post in here . 
  or did you mean 14 to 19 in ponta delgada ? 
  because even 8 to 13 in forte , fria , feia guarda is duh , not so bad, 
  inferior dark sand . 
  that is not a castle . 
  an abbey or monastery of some sort . 
  not a castle . 
  in eastern europe !, 
  ( plus greece , which geographically is ) . 
  i read average and went wtf , then saw the list of countries and ah , that is why . 
  ask in western europe or latin america for comparison . 
  that move where she keeps the flowers hidden and moves them back to the right hand , i would say she is extremely well acquainted with the tricks of greedy equines ... 
  you need to apply to a specific country , using that country \u00b4 s immigration rules . 
  you fancy rich fuckers , you can \u00b4 t do this to us luxembourg . 
  if children here hear about it , we are all fucked up , and we can \u00b4 t afford even that . 
  police in porto were told to save gas and do more patrols on foot ( which is not a bad idea in general anyway particularly this time of the year ) . 
  you need to get some of those foil parasols for the back and front windows . 
  or cardboard will do . 
  and nevermind the cards , don \u00b4 t leave some electronics in there !, 
   american tourists look like the most cultured and polite bunch imaginable this is going on in circles and americans are not so bad ( nor are they so great , i have seen and heard stuff ) . 
  americans do shower daily and do not reek of bo , which in august is a huge thing we appreciate in tourists . 
  you can have tourists from certain parts of europe , young and non deprived .
