  or , i know , promise all refugees they will have paid sports channels for free . 
   the unhcr would be happy to resettle a couple thousand refugees from camps to portugal . 
  they were doing so already , are doing so still . 
  in fact the refugees which showed up , to great media fanfarre were selected by the unhhcr , and came from camps in egypt ( ? ) . 
  there were some guys from a welcome refugee group which drove down to vienna by car to bring a family . 
  they could only persuade one family . 
  which is funny , and well has not been tried again ( the emigration service also made a statement to please don \u00b4 t do it ), 
   there are already immigrants , from asia for example , working in portugal doing the jobs that portugueses do n't want to do true , thousands of thais . 
  i am kind of hoping this means more authentic , real thai restaurants in the near future , please please . 
  it is now much much easier to buy authentic thai food ingredients in lisbon ethnic food stores , so that is at least already great . 
  cheap thai neighbourhood restaurants , or takeaway . 
  ~ ~ i ~ ~ we really need that . 
  current prime minister while in campaign thought refugees were likely to be an excellent labour source for forest cleaning ( and i bet olive harvest and work on greenhouses ) . 
  i am not convinced it will work . 
  i am even less conviced that if would work it would be a good thing for our society from the point of view that we already got really low wages compared to neighbouring countries . 
  so , what about basque ? 
   as happened already with the eurovision . 
  lol , but in things that matter . 
  it figures that the similarities , the mutual identification of cultural similarities is a continuum , based on geography , in history . 
  i feel far more with britain ( and spain and to a lesser degree other countries ) than i feel with germany or greece or lithuania . 
  europe without the input of britain would be a europe more distant , more alien to us than it is with britain . 
  i was kind of joking about us going too but not too much . 
  worth considering though . 
  country geographically closest is ie . 
   i 'll probably prefer britain stays in eu if : or you think they bring something important , interesting , a global perspective into the eu which is important for an europe which reflects your country as well . 
  or you worry about the axis of power moving eastwards , away from the atlantic , with so many countries in the east , and you feel little identity with eastern and central europe , much less than you feel with the westernmost , atlantic europe . 
  particularly since norway and even iceland are already not members, 
  portugal and malta makes sense . 
  ireland even . 
  `` don \u00b4 t go '' ( and we might go with you anyway if you want company ) it is nice of lithuania though , really had no idea . 
  we had a relatively easy exchange rate . 
  the transition itself , on the day it was , new year \u00b4 s day where a lot of businesses were closed and then catching a weekend and companies doing their balances was also really smooth . 
  the first couple months it was a lot of fun to see foreign coins trickling in and showing each other where was this or that one from . 
  for the first few years , i was only doing prices in the old currency when it was really large amounts , like houses prices or things in the news , but even that stops after a few years . 
  i do the math again for some historical things , how much something cost when i was a kid , or something like that . 
  i was joking , making fun of how the press tends to be alarmist and not get science , not of the scientist . 
  joke . 
  scientists should be more careful with their language when speaking to the media . 
  i can just see the headlines on tabloids `` gravitational waves detected cause mysterious shaking syndrome '' and `` are gravitational waves the real cause of microcephaly '' ? 
   it has produced clothes since 1997 for big names such as kenzo , escada , marc o'polo , faconnable and inditex , the spanish-based giant whose brands include zara and massimo dutti . 
  fuck , i might have some of those . 
  really sorry to hear about these problems . 
   workers , who are overwhelmingly women , are often hired on the legal minimum wage of less than 200 euros ( $ 220 ) a month net and may earn even less , say workers and campaigners such as the fair wear foundation and clean clothes campaign . 
  and the clothes sell for the same price as the ones made in portugal or spain . 
   catalin mohora , a local labor inspector , said it can be legal for an employer to pay less than the minimum wage if , for example , demand for its products was low . 
  an employer could cut working hours and decrease pay accordingly . 
  wtf . 
   if salaries are late , inspectors first ask the employer to pay up and can only impose fines if the firm does not comply . 
  mohora says maglierie cristian is one of the better local employers . 
  some companies , he said , try to avoid paying wages and taxes by modifying contracts after they have been signed and get employees to work overtime without extra pay . 
  this kind of destroys the point of a free market . 
   lthough their numbers are shrinking as those countries do n't look attractive anymore . 
  on the contrary . 
  they shrank on say 2009-2011 ( and some stayed ) , but this past year the number of brazilians in lisbon , and maybe portugal as a whole , is increasing a lot . 
   `` this is significant because it 's an italian portugese actually working ! '', 
  give back that flag , you lazy copyright thieves !, 
   these people are people who feel politicians do n't have them in their target groups for policy , often have no one to turn to not really . 
  in the presidential elections in portugal , we tend to vote for people we like . 
  it \u00b4 s that simple . 
  the president \u00b4 s role in portugal is , traditionally supposed to be independent and apolitical , campaigns make a point to try to distance themselves from existing parties and try to not make promises or much criticism . 
  so yeah we tend to vote for people we like , and that is why tino de rans got so many votes ( and marcelo won first round ) - they are popular . 
  that presidential debate , as much as the format chosen allowed it , was fun !, 
  it does not make any sense , define colony and define history . 
  some of us were roman or phoenician or carthaginian colonies as well ... 
   again , the terms and conditions of the way fb utilizes its ' user data is clearly outlined and defined before you join . 
  if you do not like it , do not join . 
  the whole point was that it was not clearly outlined that when you gave facebook acess to your email addresses that you knew facebook would spam ( it is spam ) everybody in the list to ask them to join . 
  how many people realized that when they gave facebook access ? 
  pretty sure all they thought they were doing was checking how many of their friends were already on facebook . 
  a bit like linkedin , if some people knew how many spam emails are sent in their supposed behalf they would be mortified !, 
   ( you can check the weather warning on the ipma page ) . 
  those warnings make interesting reading , you don \u00b4 t read that everyday . 
  or the meteoalarm page . 
  and it \u00b4 s crazy , it \u00b4 s the middle of january , and a hurricane ? 
  i can \u00b4 t figure out if this is a really late hurricane or a really early one . 
  hope everybody stays safe . 
  the article is comparing for example 2004 and 2014 . 
  not things closing in the recent months , for which there will be little data . 
  i thought the argument about the festivals very interesting and very true . 
  as clubs decline , festivals multiply . 
  this winter ? 
  it \u00b4 s been very dry . 
  compare with the situation a year ago http://snirh.pt/index.php?idmain=1&amp;iditem=1.3 and we have no alternative to baseline , if the dams are not really full with rain forecast . 
  our renewable electricity production usage varies wildly year to year depending on the weather and i think the co2 and other commitments we have signed take that into account , regarding averages and so on . 
  other european countries which use a lot of hydro don \u00b4 t have the same drought problems we do . 
  some winters we can get buy with mostly renewable , we have has days we run only on renewable . 
  but we need water for it . 
  how are they going to open the door ? 
  because that might not be a good idea . 
  serve through the window ? 
  climb in through a top window or something ? 
  it involves some googling around , the information as far as i know is kind of spread around and often articles assume you know about this concept or this detail or that . 
  the wikipedia article is a good start . 
  interestingly enough ren has daily stats online , http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/estatisticadiaria.aspx which can be of course difficult to understand , and very technical but which imo are so interesting , notice the bits about bombagem , notice interliga\u00e7\u00f5es ( water transfer if i understand correctly ) , you can often notice the patterns so clearly dependent on weather . 
  we consume less electricity when it \u00b4 s mild , we need more non renewable when it is dry . 
  here for example is the daily information of which thermic plants are being used http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/estatisticadiariatermica.aspx ( on a rainy winter , it \u00b4 s just sines and at half that output , must be just one group online ) this is the hydro http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/estatisticadiariahidraulica.aspx notice the equation energia afluente total = produ\u00e7\u00e3o - bombagem + varia\u00e7\u00e3o de armazenamento + descarregamento total sadly a lot of places which should be close to 90 % are at 40-50 %, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pumped-storage_hydroelectricity edp has been using it at least since the 80s , in aguieira and also vilarinho das furnas , and more and more with time . 
  all new dams ( alqueva for example ) are planned to use it , and some have been adapted or are being adapted to it . 
  it \u00b4 s an extremely important way to store power produced cheaply to reuse at peak hours , particularly because hydro is fast response . 
  it \u00b4 s part of the reason why big hydro is so important , not just what it produces but for storage and fast responses .
