  and yeah , fuck , more stuff there kind of remotely familiar . 
  is the german flag theme intentional or accidental ? 
   stereotypes do n't have to be wrong . 
  tea being from china is not a stereotype which can be considered `` wrong '' . 
  or are you talking in the name of the japanese or indian tea producers objecting to it ? 
  i would not like this sign to be produced modernally ( but i think nobody here is explaining why ) , but it \u00b4 s a historical sign and it \u00b4 s important as such . 
  yeah , they are very old caricatures . 
  not politically correct particularly , but don \u00b4 t see how they would be particularly offensive either . 
  tea is from china !, 
  that is not a stereotype , that is a fact , and i think chinese people would not appreciate it if you argued otherwise . 
  coffee comes from africa . 
  a different type of africa than the caricature , but coffee does indeed come from africa . 
  you should see the heraldry of some towns . 
  it might cause offense if it was a new , modern thing , but this sign or heraldry are historical signs . 
  napperon ? 
  you have a really weird concept of portugal . 
  i was not assuming it was state owned , i was seeing it as the union and outsourcing jobs thing which can always be used to attack governments in power , plus you know i can \u00b4 t imagine tories being very pro-unions . 
  this is one of the articles i have read http://www.business-standard.com/article/international/british-airways-says-outsourcing-not-to-be-blamed-117052800796_1.html  mick rix , national officer for aviation at gmb , had said , `` this could have all been avoided . 
  in 2016 , ba made hundreds of dedicated and loyal it staff redundant and outsourced the work to india . 
  ba has made substantial profits for a number of years , and many viewed the company 's action as just plain greedy . '' because no matter how they spin it , power losses are not acts of gods which can not be expected or predicted . 
  do you think it can \u00b4 t be spun somehow against the tories ? 
  because what i read has a lot of potential , the union warning , and even potential of that knee-jerk `` they took our jobs to the third world '' but not about the eu , but against the tories precisely . 
  it could be interesting if this plays into the british elections . 
  if there is an angle about firing union it techs to delocalize it to india , if backfired and left tens of thousands of british people very very inconvenienced . 
  and lol i am noticing a lot of british news site are publishing the eu airline passenger compensation laws !, 
  wonder how it will be after brexit , if the uk will want to keep it or not . 
  bad luck for ba the uk is still in the eu . 
  i wonder how much money ba actually lost directly this weekend and how much it will lose throughout the year over customer fears and compensation claims and lost luggage and stuff . 
  and this is probably going to be a case study for decades, 
  it \u00b4 s not like it involves a beach so no hurries . 
  otoh it makes for great amusement when seeing them making a fuss about gibraltar and ignoring morocco over ceuta and and this little piece of rock . 
  don \u00b4 t know . 
  some are definetely the spouses of heads of state . 
  just pointing out because some people seem mistaken , the gentleman is not the spouse of the heard of state , or president , of luxembourg , which does not have any presidents anyway . 
   i saying chinese people are rude it \u00b4 s ok , you can say it . 
  don \u00b4 t have such low self esteem you are dancing around the issue . 
  we will ignore their bad manners for a bit more , and get it back one of these days when they disintegrate . 
  plus it \u00b4 s on the other side of the guadiana river , dude , that is like very very remote ... 
  well he wasn \u00b4 t. 
  he was the spouse of a prime minister , and as far as i can tell luxembourg is a grand-duchy so he is not the equivalent of a first lady , that would be the grand-duchess and not him . 
  but if he was in there , he was invited and it \u00b4 s dreadful bad manners to not name him . 
   you would count on yourself and others to do so . 
  this army would be portugal 's army just as it would be germany 's , belgium 's , poland 's , slovenia 's ... yes and to move a ship or rapid reaction force to our border or to guinea bissau or to give humanitary aid regarding a volcano in cape verde , or to warn the spanish off the desertas , whatever all the others would have a say on it . 
  including some of the people who we would be warning off . 
  what a horrible idea . 
  or instead it would be another nato ; which is nice enough but we already got one of those , not sure i see the need for a nato and an eu army . 
   even if abdicating your own independence  much more capable of defending your country abdicate your indepence to guarantee defending your country . 
  what an oxymoron . 
  yeah , let us abdicate on sovereignity and count on others to protect our own interests . 
  that will work . 
  did you even see the example above about navy and leaking oil tanker ? 
  closest thing we got to that was a 60 year period starting in 1580 and even then it was not quite abdicating on own armed forces . 
  do not recommend . 
  i certainly expect it from certain cities , just putting it in right because a lot of foreigners kind of expect living in lisbon to be * cheap * even when related to foreign salaries . 
  athens i hear is a lot cheaper and so is eastern europe . 
  but heard several times from foreigners amazement at the concept rent is more expensive than minimum wage or not being as cheap related to minimum wage as they expected . 
  sad about dublin also though , it \u00b4 s worrying . 
  any war at east , and fuck the big wars are always at central and eastern europe obviously would not put the main portuguese residents at risk . 
  but i repeat you know little of portuguese history if you are understimating how many wars we fought , how many times we were invaded and how often we kept our treaty commitments . 
  we would not ignore slovakia or latvia . 
  and you know little of portugal if you think the colonial war was not a real war with real costs for those in `` mainland '' portugal and if you think portugal is a happy place with no understanding of real hardship . 
  google the retornados for example . 
  we don \u00b4 t * talk * about it , we ignore talk of anything which might be divisive in a serious way , we forgive and forget . 
  but we probably have more people with ptsd and serious combat experience than any country in europe apart from former yugoslavia . 
   do n't believe you would fight for latvia though , its cold and one can die there you know and guinea bissau is hot and full of mosquitoes and within living generations people died for it . 
  and there are people who risked their lives in bosnia , in iraq and are currently risking their lives for civilians ( and a spanish bishop who deserves very much to be kept alive ) in the central african republic . 
   you live in happy place , no wars there for a long time , we probably have a higher percentage of people who actually have seen active combat , ex-combatentes , than any place in europe apart maybe from balkans and chechen . 
  estimates vary ( and number obviosly decreases with time ) from 0.4 to 2 % of the population . 
  you know little of portugal . 
   it 's easy and cheap for them to move and live there . 
  he is not considering other factors . 
  he tries to divide it into northern and southern europe which is just silly . 
  and i would argue the city of lisbon is very expensive for young people not because it is not attractive but because it is too attractive for all including people with more money than them which outbid them ( tourists , golden visas , golden retirement , out of eu students and so on ) for available places . 
  depends . 
  joining , as long as our own structures and independence are intact yes . 
  abdicating our own independence , passing over control to some central european control absolutely not . 
  the eu does not necessarily take into consideration our own individual interest as for example shown in the recent election of the un secretary general . 
  we could be drowned by them . 
  on some things we shall keep our sovereignty . 
  on other things it makes sense to give powers to the eu . 
   portuguese to fight for slovakia or latvia . 
  but we would !, 
  of course we would , because we agreed to it , we signed a treaty to it , it \u00b4 s our moral responsibility . 
  we keep alliances , we keep our word . 
  we signed a treaty of alliance . 
  we kept one of those for over 600 years and we would keep this for as long , if not broken from the other side . 
  what i disagree on , is abdicating on us having our own armed forces , or our own foreign relations . 
  it is our right to always be able to defend ourselves and to always be able to decide who we want to help specially or we do not like specially . 
  we are a sovereign country for a long long time and our army and navy has been around in the same way for over 800 years to have kept our sovereignty intact , the fuck we will give it up at any time . 
   we do n't need 28 small military skeletons , but one large one . 
  the fuck we do . 
  our sovereignity is our own responsibility , our armed forces our responsibility as well , to intervene as we think appropriate . 
  plus it was bloody useful to still have a functional navy with warships under our command when our dear neighbors tried to dump a desintegrating oil tank on our territorial waters . 
  if we had waited for arbitration ... 
   other cities in the lower ranks are already old due to decades of low birthrates , but they are n't able to compensate by attracting large number young adults nationally or from abroad . 
   one only can ask himself , what came first ? 
  do these cities attract young adults because they are prosperous and thriving or are they prosperous and thriving because they host many young adults ? 
  your analysis is faulty because it assumes that young adults can move into a city of their own choice as freely in any country . 
  and that is not true because of real estate constraints which vary wildly from country to country . 
  consider lisbon , my hometown and the situation i know best .
