  a nation , a country , which wants to became indepedent , and maintain that independence must learn about foreign relations , about not alienating others . 
  your nation , your country , both of them , have a lot of ego and have never been very good at obtaining objectives through foreign policy . 
  wonder why . 
   catalan , a language that literally has more speakers than portuguese on the continent and you still think that we speak spanish ? 
  that is a famous fallacy often sprouted and is imo complete bullshit because : - everybody in portugal will speak portuguese . 
  not everybody in catalonia will speak catalan . 
  - if you add valencian and its dialects to catalan add galician to portuguese . 
  - there will be at least , counting portuguese diaspora and brazillians and other portuguese speakers many other millions of speakers of portuguese , whether native or not , in europe . 
  portuguese is an incredibly useful language in paris , geneva , luxembourg , parts of london , etc. 
  catalan more speakers than of portuguese in europe ? 
  and the sad thing is you do not have to put down portuguese for catalan to be worthy of respect . 
  you gain nothing by claiming silly , provably wrong things . 
   galician is a different language from spanish . 
  in fact , galicians invented your language . 
  the - gal in portugal comes from galicia . 
  op is an idiot or just not educated in portugal ( `` here in the states '' ) to not know about galaico-portugu\u00eas and understand galician is not spanish . 
  the first , earliest literature we learn in school is probably martin codax ( ai on das do mar de vigo ) but gal coming from galicia is almost certainly not true . 
  it is quite probably the same root , uncertain meaning in gallaecia and portus cale , named about the same tribes , same people spreading along the atlantic . 
  but portus cale as a name is as old , roman , as galicia . 
  it \u00b4 s a scam , dried bay leaf most times according to the police , or bouillon cubes . 
  and it \u00b4 s a beautiful catch-22 of law . 
  since they are not actually selling drugs they can \u00b4 t be arrested for selling drugs . 
  it is not a consumer \u00b4 s rights situation because consumers have no right to buy real drugs , so if you complain of being sold fake drugs , you are admitting to the real crime of intending to buy real drugs ( which is ilegal in any amount ) . 
  police says municipal police should deal with it for ilegal itinerant sales . 
  municipal police say it is not ilegal to sell without a license and passes it forward . 
  the only solution is maybe , when the penal code or drug law is next revised to include a new crime . 
  they hardly ever approach locals . 
  if they approach you just say the word policia or police , they will run away . 
  they tend to be , uh , from eastern europe or western asia . 
   i do n't think you can deport someone who got asylum in an eu-state outside of the eu . 
  would be a good option for law-breakers , but i do n't think it exists . 
  i might be wrong . 
  then invalidate that an asylum seeker by moving to another country looses the right of asylum . 
  and actually there are some treaties regarding that , that some countries will accept back their own nationals . 
  i know it exists for bangla desh , afghnistan and pakistan and a few more . 
  it is often a condition on trade agreements and all . 
  it also might be possible legally and morally to repatriate to a un managed camp . 
  it \u00b4 s a lot of people and resources are not infinitely stretchable . 
  i think if you set up , allow for high expectations to be created , to be extended , you are setting up for an even bigger crisis . 
  i kind of wonder what will happen this coming winter . 
  they are heading north . 
  school gyms and empty barracks might be found , but if it is wet , windy or cold , living on the street , living in tents is not going to be nice . 
  to add , i don \u00b4 t agree with the imposition of quotas anyway , or blackmail over it . 
  but plenty of other countries have offered to take some , and let \u00b4 s work with that in the beginning . 
  and if need be , same allowance everywhere . 
  if it \u00b4 s 18 euros in romania let it be 18 in sweden as well . 
   they 'll be deported back to whichever eu-country registered them , from where they can just hop on the first train again . 
  they should be deported to outside the eu , and the cousins complacent with them deported as well or emprisoned . 
  staying in a particular country is not a right . 
  germany certainly can , if it wants to , inspect ilegal labor . 
  it should actually for a whole lot of other reasons . 
  how things change in a couple months , a while ago ( not saying you ) it was lazy greeks and paralell economy , now it is about germany can \u00b4 t regulate ilegal work . 
  no society can reduce ilegal work or tax evasion to zero , but they can certainly try and make infractors pay . 
  it \u00b4 s germany , of all places . 
  i am sure they can be expected to regulate something , inspect it and lead with infractors . 
  crack down on people working without permits . 
  crack down on people employing people without permits . 
  crack down on those complacent with it . 
  or the attraction will remain , and the thing which will happen is , and i keep posting about it because it is such an obvious and important concept tragedy of the commons https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons if everybody wants to go to the same country because it is the best personal choice for them , and there is no physical way that country can accomodate them all ( maybe it can a couple million . 
  all of the people deserving ? 
  ) , then you must regulate sharing of the resources . 
  then maybe germany should do something about people working illegally without valid working permits . 
  and if germany doesn \u00b4 t and finds itself full of refugees sleeping on the streets , eroding the labour market , then it will be germany \u00b4 s problem to solve . 
  no papers , no family reunification , no paid lodging , health care only for emergencies , no schools , except where you are assigned to go . 
  you know that stupid cartoon of merkel with the pigeons ? 
  sadly true - and worse , if you know what happens when there are lots of pigeons and not a lot of bread , they attack each other , they harm each other on the rush to get there first . 
  by being the only place where they can get the shelter , food , education , health care , assigned to them ? 
  by being the only place where they can work legally or hope to do so , by being the only place to which they can ask for family reunification , by being the only place where documents will be assigned to them ? 
  if they want to live in the street on the streets of sweden or germany so be it , it \u00b4 s fair enough volunteers or state money will be spent supplying food , as much shelter as possible . 
  but papers , legalization , any money transfer , schooling , only where they are assigned . 
  same thing which happens when locating people within a country . 
  you can \u00b4 t pick that you will only go to the center of stockholm or berlin . 
  they do not get to choose where they want to go . 
  or half the eu would ask to be assigned to be living in 3 or 4 cities . 
  not a bad idea , but the problem , the whole problem is this  an amount depending on where in the eu they would then decide to settle down . 
  they go to the country where they are assigned and is willing to take them . 
  mr putin , your time might be better spent elsewhere than on reddit . 
  and did you really call elton ? 
   i am not 100 % sure but my understanding is that country need to be considered somehow unstable for its citizens to be treated as refugees . 
  actually it is about the individual . 
   `` a person who is outside their home country of citizenship because they have well-founded grounds for fear of persecution because of their race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , and is unable to obtain sanctuary from their home country or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail themselves of the protection of that country '' the example i used of china for example , a very stable country and some of its citizens will probably be totally entirely to refugee status due to dissenting political opinions . 
  gay people persecuted in stable countries . 
  if you got a flood , you stop the mains . 
  and only then start bailing out the water . 
  if you are bailing out at a lower rate than the water is coming in , it \u00b4 s not going to work . 
  but i think the first thing the eu needs to do is manage the flow , get their act together on what is encouraging this flow , what is causing these assymetries in desirability and addressing them . 
  as a bloc . 
  with balance between morality and economy ( the irony of this , just after the whole financial crisis in the south ) . 
  distinguishing , fairly , if somebody is a `` real '' refugee will take a lot of time and manpower . 
  it can not be the first thing . 
   you 're exactly right , the absolute first thing that the eu needs to do is actually determine who is a genuine refugee and who is an economic migrant . 
  that is kind of besides the point , because there are many more millions of people in the world who will qualify to be `` genuine '' refugees than what is humanly possibly to help , lodge , educate and provide care . 
  i can \u00b4 t even understand correctly that argument . 
  refugee status is not about nationality , not necessarily . 
  it \u00b4 s about if the person is being persecuted on the terms defined by the un . 
  some ethiopians , some russians , some ukrainians , some chinese , will surely qualify for refugee status , without in any need implying they will all qualify . 
  and not all syrians will qualify necessarily - some countries might choose to do so automatically but that might be their own choice . 
  criminals , war criminals , people with homes in safe countries , etc. . . 
  accepting a country into the eu is not about the rights , as defined by the un charter of human rights of its citizens , or to give foreign aid to its people . 
  it \u00b4 s about a complicated , long political process .
