  the treaty was invoked by churchill though , to request acsess to azores air bases and was given , but not for other purposes . 
  other things were done as well , the gibraltar refugees to madeira and presumably other things ( portugal sold tungsten to both the allies and germany but germany had no credit and had to pay in gold immediately ) . 
  they did not say what was killing it , so better wait to decide if it \u00b4 s good news !, 
  i would not believed that without the photo . 
  does portugal get in on any commonwealth deals , other uk dealings or vice-versa ? 
  keep in mind something , this is a treaty from 1370something or 1380something ( considering which version you want to consider the original , though i think the 1370 dude did not really meant it nor kept it for long , he kept wavering between allying with england or castille , and the 1386ish treaty really was meant and kept and sealed with a marriage ) . 
  it \u00b4 s not about those things as citizen \u00b4 s rights or privileges , it \u00b4 s about war alliances and most specifically an alliance against castille . 
  ( there is probably no stronger basis for an alliance between two nations than a common dislike or distrust for a third one ) . 
  the treaty as far as i know has been renewed , rewritten , resigned , but it \u00b4 s fundamentally a political alliance , not about economics or political union . 
  quoting from the wikipedia  it is cordially agreed that if , in time to come , one of the kings or his heir shall need the support of the other , or his help , and in order to get such assistance applies to his ally in lawful manner , the ally shall be bound to give aid and succour to the other , so far as he is able ( without any deceit , fraud , or pretence ) to the extent required by the danger to his ally 's realms , lands , domains , and subjects ; and he shall be firmly bound by these present alliances to do this . 
  [ 1 ] and it must be invoked , the request made , as far as i understand - it was not during worldwar 2 ( and in fact the uk was doing its best for portugal to remain neutral ) . 
  what a question . 
  most countries will not have one country which is their `` twin '' - if they had one , they would have probably joined up already sometime along history . 
  also closest allies are not necessarily the countries closest or closest culturally whatever that is . 
  in fact neighbours are usually not reliable allies ) . 
  it \u00b4 s irrelevant . 
  it \u00b4 s about respect to the flagship . 
  ( seriously , on the navy day and things like that , the sponsor on the pier is always sagres ), 
  rome started as a village . 
  everything starts as a village . 
  and you can \u00b4 t judge by modern population sizes . 
  but i think it matters if it becames the most important human settlement in a region and remains relevant throughout history . 
  not sure they are using earliest inhabitants - in the case of lisbon they are listing 1200 bc and there are much much older archaeological remains , neanderthal remains are found on castle hill from about 30000 bc , and megaliths ( destroyed since ) and bronze age settlements further north . 
  it does not make much sense admittedly to pick a date and just one if it is older than historical records . 
  but maybe for how long you get consistent archaeological strata and a record of a place being important regionally ? 
  it sounds extremely unlikely . 
  no countries are going to put subtitles in english in a movie originally produced in the english language , i mean what would be the market for it ? 
  ireland and the uk might produce subtitles for foreign language movies , but the keyword is foreign language , they are not going to show movies with subtitles in english . 
  and elsewhere , movies will be subtitled , if they are , to local language . 
  how did you manage in your home country ? 
  in portugal everything is subtitled , except precisely movies meant for children , so no zootopia in english . 
  they used to make vo ( original version ) and portuguese versions and showed the original voice in later sessions , but they stopped making those copies , and actually right now , `` children \u00b4 s movies '' almost never have late sessions , only afternoon ones . 
  they do 2d and 3d , but not original ones , which is really really annoying . 
  otoh if something is dubbed , that is always always explicitly mentioned ( vp , vers\u00e3o portuguesa ) . 
  animation almost never escapes , but it \u00b4 s only animation ( and maybe movies like paddington or something ) . 
  only one of those is a navy ship and a few of the ones following might even be navy ships from other navies . 
  ( creoula might be considered a navy ship as well , and i am not seeing . 
  iirc that day she and santa maria manuela were sailing next to each other ) the race is back this year though , it \u00b4 s so much better than the volvo race http://tallshipslisboa.com/?lang=en, 
  they are picking by heading to a particular country and refusing to be registrated elsewhere . 
  see examples of refugees not wanting to be registrated in nevermind greece , in austria or germany or denmark if they wanted to go to sweden . 
  and after they are in a certain country , they can \u00b4 t be physically moved if they do not accept . 
  every cloud has a silver lining . 
  a year ago it was about the poor southern european countries being screwed compared to the rich northern countries , but sometimes even being the poorer fish in a rich pond might have advantages . 
   our government blames it on eu bureaucracy . 
  they are ? 
  i thought everybody was being quite clear about the refugees not wanting to come . 
  the ambassador in greece on recruiting trip and all . 
  http://economico.sapo.pt/noticias/refugiados-nao-querem-viajar-para-portugal-diz-director-adjunto-do-sef_236022.html if they do not want to come , not our problem . 
  language we have in common with almost of central and south america and some of africa . 
  religion even wider . 
   we totally should change the eu language to french or german to annoy them . 
  it would annoy a lot of the remaining eu as well . 
  just for fun they should have a special category 0-0 .001 . or 0-1 if you are going to be that way . 
  and a lot of geneticists , geographers and historians would support the importance of the atlantic . 
  the mediterranean climate and having mediterranean vegetation ( olive trees ! ), 
  are perhaps not that cultural forming as other circumstances . 
  they are not on other maps of rainfall , though the others maps got similar patterns , the coast of portugal north of the tagus being much rainier than the interior of the iberian peninsula http://environ.chemeng.ntua.gr/wsm/newsletters/issue3/portugal.htm though the northeast of portugal , tr\u00e1s os montes and even the border area just south of it , is drier . 
  rain cames of course from westerly winds , and the westerly winds , their position depends on big meteorological things ( the north atlantic oscillation and why we got rainy years and dry years ) , but it tends to dump rain on the first hills and mountains it encounters . 
  in portugal there is a mountain range before the border and the lands east of it are dryer - there is a saying about them , 9 meses de inverno and 3 meses de inferno , 9 months of winter ( real winter there ) and 3 months of hell . 
  though it \u00b4 s not actually that bad compared with castille !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/8v11uds.jpg ah , also relevant for the vegetation is the way the rivers , water flows , and in portugal \u00b4 s case , on this side of the iberian peninsula , the rivers tend to run towards portugal ( apart from the guadalquivir ), 
   , but it seems like most people think it 's ` horizon pollution ' . 
  i think it might depend from how pearl clutching a country is . 
  i like them , they are so white , they remind me of sail ships . 
  they don \u00b4 t belong on some landscapes , but i find them far more beautiful than most modern architecture . 
  i don \u00b4 t particularly like electricity pylons though , or electrical lines . 
  i don \u00b4 t like billboards . 
  i hate messy cities with cables on building outdoors . 
  it \u00b4 s supatra thai . 
  i have not been there personally , but it seems to have ties with the thai embassy http://www.cm-bombarral.pt/news/newsdetail.aspx?news=2860ad7c-e49c-4366-bda9-d09654ec1b18 http://www.lifecooler-travel.com/registo.aspx?reg=429911 it \u00b4 s probably the same one you heard mixed reviews , i don \u00b4 t believe there will be many thai restaurants outside lisbon and algarve , even in the oeste !, 
  a map of the rainfall on the iberian peninsula . 
  http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-s7zk8r7qqs0/talm9kmlnei/aaaaaaaaabu/k0sddzeinhc/s1600/mapa_espana_precipitaciones.jpg i got a theory i can peek from a plane and tell if we are already in portugal or not just by looking at how green and how many trees . 
  it \u00b4 s not quite quite true , and northern coast is very very green but also the hills are steeper and not counting galicia but for european mainland routes you can sort of see the difference when going from the central iberian plateau down to portugal . 
  ok , thought they were the ones doing the catering for the embassy . 
  and yeah there is a cluster of two spas i think nearby and yeah seen thai people on the street . 
  there are not a lot of thais though , which was my point . 
  but there are tons , maybe 50 to a 100 of nepalese restaurants , in lots of neighbourhoods . 
  and lots more of other nationalities . 
  fancy about that . 
  problem solving can be done from several sides , by the same person , as an intellectual exercise ( or as joke ) . 
  you might want to check if the sarcasm detector assigned to you is operational , by the way . 
  yeah , that is not the same . 
  in one in rua lu\u00eds bivar is run by thais ( but the waiters are portuguese , and lovely ) . 
  https://www.zomato.com/grande-lisboa/siam-square-saldanha-lisboa and supposedly there is a very good thai restaurant , the best in portugal , in bombarral , of all unlikely places . 
  the place in bairro alto , i don \u00b4 t like . 
  and malacca 2 is very good but not really authentic , and is a bit expensive for what it is . 
  lots of authentic foodstuffs in the supermarkets around martim moniz though , incredibly more than there were 10 or even 5 years ago . 
  http://www.dn.pt/portugal/interior/tailandeses-entram-em-forca-nos-campos-agricolas-do-sul--1387037.html https://www.publico.pt/tema/jornal/nos-pomares-portugueses-o-silencio-e-tailandes-22748428 and even in lisbon there are a few thai restaurants and some spas ( a small cluster near s. sebastiao ) . 
  i kind of wish for more though !, 
  there are now some cheap places near mouraria anyway offering thai-nepalese or thai-indian food but i don \u00b4 t think i would want to eat there . 
   like what , chinese restaurant waiter ? 
  some . 
  or chinese shop owner , opening 7 days a week , some 11 hours a day . 
  http://observador.pt/especiais/trabalhadores-agricolas-em-odemira/ from the 2014 sef report http://sefstat.sef.pt/docs/rifa_2014.pdf and this is just official numbers , not estimating new arrivals or people abusing tourist visas 2000 bangla deshi ( pretty sure this is underrated ) , 500 kazakhs 21000 chinese 850 georgians ( ok , european , sorry sorry , just mentioning it because surprising ) 6500 indians 500 iranians 3500 nepalese 2700 pakistanese 1200 thai 1000 uzbeki people working on agricultural harvests , people collecting supermarket carts , `` serventes de obra '' , people working in the background in kitchens . 
  edit for formatting, 
  hey , just a problem solving exercise . 
  problem solving from the other perspective , a really good recruitment lunch , serve a feijoada or cozido with all the enchidos , and some good red wine . 
  who could resist that ? 
  maybe we could get cristiano ronaldo to do a video . 
  or make a lottery , free champion \u00b4 s league game tickets .
