  with brand name stuff and you pass within 1 meter of them and they smell sickening . 
  not fun in elevators . 
  thank you america . 
  they could all learn the concept of private conversation voice tone though . 
   certain places should be enjoyed by as many people as possible , just like works of art . 
  if you put people crushed like sardines in some squares or museums nobody enjoys the works of art ( been to museums where you literally could not reach a main attraction ) or the experience . 
  see , a northern-southerner divider . 
  nightly ( 6 times a night , 3 times for generic non recyclables , 2 times for packaging recyclabes , once a week for paper , and glass you take to the street picking points ) is the norm in lisbon . 
  i have been completely shocked friends in northern europe got garbage pick up every 2 weeks , bio residues just sitting there 2 weeks , it \u00b4 s not a good mental image . 
  but for the neighbourhood , while tourists innocently not being aware of it , or having * needs * which are different , innocence can have the same result as malice . 
  say you are a tourist and you want to ask a local the way for the nearest open supermarket or pharmacy or which public transportation to this destination . 
  you are only asking once a year !, 
  it \u00b4 s really rare you need that information , but if you live in a place with lots of tourists and you pass through 1000 a day , you are going to get some of those interactions in a month and sometimes it \u00b4 s with really unfortunate timing . 
  furthermore , tourists do not want other tourists . 
  they want to go to non touristy restaurants , they do not want other tourists in their landscape photos , they want to interact with locals and not other tourists . 
  you know they will get very very drunk and whatever happens when they are drunk does not count you decadent westerner . 
  if they think they got it bad , they don \u00b4 t , they so far got it as bad as other eu citizens . 
  try being a non eu citizens , hoteliers are clamoring over it . 
  august is becoming more and more infernal for anything . 
  the more people travel , the more inadequate the infrastructure proves itself to be , either that is passport control , access to tourist attractions or restaurant service in tourist attractions . 
  if you possibly can do not travel in august . 
  my sorry excuse for gaydar is pinging like mad ... 
   how are tourists causing gentrification ? 
  honest question . 
  are the talking about rich brits or germans buying houses there ? 
  on some places yes . 
  the gra\u00e7a or chiado neighbourhood of lisbon are now filled with rich french or brazillian people . 
  but in general on some neighbourhoods , nobody is renting anymore to full time residents , they are evicting as soon as possible and putting the apartments on airbnb . 
  houses for sale are bought by somebody who buys them , remodels them airbnb style ( very clean lines , very focused on looking good for photos but neglecting stuff like clothes washing machines ) and puts them on airbnb . 
  it totally changes a neighbourhood . 
  you lose full time residents , people who might patronize grocery stores and hardware stores and bookshops . 
  you get a lot of `` indian '' convenience stores with really high prices and open till the night . 
  tourists make noise ( they are on holiday , and even if they are nice responsible people maybe they need to take their noisy wheely bags at 5 am to catch their flight back home ) . 
  they are completely baffled by trash collecting schedules and rules . 
   i really wonder how it will look like in lets say next 50 years , when billions of africans or asians starts to be more wealthy , don \u00b4 t assume wealth progress is going to be ininterrupted for the next 50 years for the third world . 
  the world in 50 years will be a lot different , there are not enough resources to assume billions more will be able to have a nice western style with showers and air conditioning and air travel . 
  and pressure from third world foreigners buying real estate for residence visas or investment is already a huge problem in canada and australia . 
  some european countries already have such schemes and it \u00b4 s affecting badly the real estate of some cities like lisbon . 
  for full disclosure , it does not get to -10 in lisbon ever . 
  how record is maybe -1 something . 
  but +3 with total humidity and strong winds can be really unpleasant . 
  and it does not rain as fast and hard unexpectedly ifyou are even just 50 or 100 km away from the ocean ... 
   i never eat anything raw so that 's not a problem . 
  yeah , but i do , like mayonaise or chocolate mousse and often have eggs which are not cooked all the way ( those are the best ) , so i would rather not risk eggs from chickens which might be suffering from diarrhea or an infection . 
  if i am buying eggs don \u00b4 t need to want to worry , oh this might be unsafe , i need to check them all before i decide which is going to be one i choose to be just partially cooked . 
  if sellers could wash eggs besides them being able to push that egg at you , the wash potentially destroys the egg protecting film and any pathogens on the shit or blood could get inside the egg and reproduce like crazy before the egg finally gets eaten . 
  feathers or straw not an issue . 
  blood or shit might be a symptom the chicken is ill , in which case better not eat that egg particularly raw . 
  we have had hot spells either , but yeah at least near the ocean the temperatures tend to dip during the night . 
  and wind !, 
  a lot of foreigners get caught really unprepared for how cool and windy portuguese summer nights can be . 
  and as an extra we can have extremely fierce downpours , and damp windy cold winter days ... 
  we have had hot spells either , but yeah at least near the ocean the temperatures tend to dip during the night . 
  and wind !, 
  a lot of foreigners get caught really unprepared for how cool and windy portuguese summer nights can be . 
  and as an extra we can have extremely fierce downpours , and damp windy cold winter days ... 
  finns are not finnish white after 6 months in portugal , even if it was winter , not most of them . 
  everybody gets a bit of a tan , even if they go through some sunburns first , day in and day out . 
  atlantic ocean ftw . 
  we are fine , we had lots of 16 to 28 days which for me is absolutely ideal summer weather . 
  heating up a bit . 
  that is nothing wrong with that , but if the egg came with blood or shit , you would notice and complain and not use that egg . 
  but if the eggs could be washed , even eggs with blood or chicken shit would pass , and you would be more likely to eat those eggs . 
  that is the point . 
  i wonder if the chlorinated chicken is not a bit of the same thing , but so much the process but that the process can be used to mask less safe food . 
  supposedly their ancestors come from india or pakistan . 
  but here it \u00b4 s pretty mixed . 
  on average ciganos ( they are not rom people and would not like to be called that ) are darker than the average but hey we had a multicontinental empire for centuries , lots of people can have ancestors from asia or africa and be a little bit darker anyway . 
  this is a portuguese secretary of state ( like a junior minister ) who is cigano ( and a former mayor ) hhttp : / / www.portugal.gov.pt/pt/ministerios/madj/equipa/secretario-estado/carlos-miguel.aspx he looks totally generic and that is just an example . 
   in usa , if you , after the age of 15 , decide you want a higher education , you can always pay for it , take a loan , whatever . 
  don \u00b4 t wish that for your own country . 
  they can do loans , attend anything because universities there are businesses ( if not exactly for profit ) , and the way they survive is requiring a lot of money from those who attend . 
  so of course they want everybody to be able to attend . 
  and there are a lot of people in debt for educations which are practically worthless , while for the finantially responsible poor even if they can get the loan carrying the debt might be scary them . 
   ca n't do anything besides regoing elementary school . 
  can \u00b4 t they get a special chance to skip redoing school by just taking an exam about the courses they skipped ? 
  i see your problem though , just think the american model is far from being a good solution . 
   attendance is only one way to look at it , though . 
  but more attendance might mean nothing if the school is pretty bad . 
  i read about evangelical colleges , diploma mills . 
  in portugal you got the public ( older , cheaper , more difficult to get into , heavily subsidized even for things like their campus and research projects ) and private universities . 
  if you cut the number of graduates from private universities we would have less college graduates but very few of those private university graduates do learn something useful , became more useful to society because they attended those private universities . 
  it \u00b4 s often a vanity thing . 
   free higher education is reserved for a minority of the population , who made that decision when they still were children . 
  if university education is free it seems likely they will try to limit the number of vacancies to more or less what they think society needs . 
  not going to university does not mean a 15 year old can \u00b4 t be as necessary to society as somebody who goes . 
  but i am sorry you are totally blocked from applying . 
  in portugal you also select your `` area '' when you are 15 , and some for example do not teach the kind of maths you need for some universities , but up to a certain age ( 22 or 25 ) anybody can study on their own the program and apply to the national exams according to the requirements of each course . 
  past that age , they can also apply but it gets even simpler , i think . 
  you are assuming a lot of the population having a university education is the desirable thing . 
  maybe . 
  but if the university education is free or heavily subsided , maybe for society in general it \u00b4 s better to apply some filter , to limit how many vacancies there are to make sure the ones getting a university education are the ones who can actually make the most of it . 
  free university services will always , because public funded , put some quotas , some blocks to how many vacancies are created and on which fields . 
  we do not need all 18 year olds to go to university we need some to pick up truck driving schools , or learn welding or haircutting . 
  a lot of 18 year olds see university as the only way for professional respect and a nice wage , and i actually think a lot don \u00b4 t realize how much better paid some non university skills are ( welders , truck drivers , plumbers can earn a lot more than people with degrees in marketing or even law ), 
  is that unusual in your country ? 
  a lot of gypsies can be as white skinned as the rest of the population and blonde ( particularly in children ) and pale eyes are not totally rare . 
  it \u00b4 s an interesting point , but to be really fair , maybe it \u00b4 s better to compare just 25-35 year olds or something . 
  if you are comparing for such a wild range of ages , a lot of european 64 year olds grew up in countries were access to education was very different than what it is now , and i guess very different that what it was in canada . 
  in portugal we had many less universities , say 10 % or 5 % of current student vacancies .
