  we are/were still using small coastal ships from the colonial war , but we got some second hand ones from denmark in a real nice deal now which i think are/were being refitted . 
  we complain a lot about money being spent in anything and the leftmost parties which are anti-nato ( just on principle , on practical terms , not doing anything about it ) more , but we are not idiots in geopolitics to think we can not have armed forces . 
  btw having a functional navy was very handy the one time spain tried to dump a desintegrating oil tanker into portuguese waters . 
  it \u00b4 s probably a good deal for both countries . 
  we received lots of those from the us as a deal as part of the lease of lajes field , and kind of needed to cut the number to half ( the one airbase where the f-16s are stationed , the f-16 flight envelope from there covers everywhere where about 90 % of the portuguese population lives ) . 
  and the portuguese air force maintenance historically has been good and serious ( they can \u00b4 t do miracles with the c-130 though ) so i doubt romania is getting cheated . 
  you should see the face on some foreign friends who were staying longterm and asking me mid october when was the heating system going to be turned on and me explaining there was none . 
  and yeah , the esquentador is just to heat tap water . 
  or foreigns who manage to find a ( expensive ) house with central heating ( more usual in the north ) and innocently turn it on and leave it on all day , every day and then get the bill and find out why most home buyers do not bother looking for or putting on central heating . 
  does that happen in portugal ? 
  it \u00b4 s been 17 to 30 lately , and i love it . 
  it \u00b4 s bad oil reserves . 
  she had a point about the fish . 
  for an island , you really don \u00b4 t know what to do with it . 
  i don \u00b4 t know how they define `` upper secondary education '' . 
  past 10th grade , all students in some areas will only have one foreign language , but all those people ~ ( dodging math-a ) ~ taking humanities will surely have one language ( ok , english ) + one more and can \u00b4 t quite believe they are only 7 % . 
  ok , which island of theirs do they propose we use ? 
  because it \u00b4 s probably not that much money to spare , and notice how that is a selling point . 
  300 thousand euros , returned is meant to tempt people rich enough to be able to travel and live in europe but not rich enough to already be able to invest in property or business . 
  for example in portugal you got to buy a property worth half a million , and then need to wait , and provide declarations of this and that with absolutely no guarantee they would ever achieve citizenship . 
  this `` you don \u00b4 t even need to live in hungary '' bid is meant as kind of a race to the bottom , to reach those with money but a lot less money . 
  like in all races to the bottom between eu nations , probably not a good idea . 
  it \u00b4 s also seriously misleading if not actually outright lying , in details like acess to universities . 
  residence permit does not give acess to eu - citizen university fees . 
  life long visa free entrance to bond holder and their family for the schengen zone countries also does not make much sense as a believable promise , as far as i can tell that is not how schengen visas work and hungary can \u00b4 t promise this for life . 
   how 's it possible that romania gets less than portugal ? 
  it \u00b4 s per capita , per million . 
  romania \u00b4 s population is twice as much so they get 11 * 20 = 220 and portugal gets 15 * 10 = 150 , romania still gets a bit more . 
   funny that obama just praised portugal on the un about receiving refugees , not our fault . 
  they run away . 
  is it correct about the lower university fees ? 
  isn \u00b4 t that just for citizens of an eu nation , not legal residents ? 
  the president is a university professor , one which was famously tough and popular ( both ) with his students , so i guess he is used to young people who have not prepared as well was they could have ... 
  the guy in that game france played against ireland 7 years ago ? 
  ( what a lame excuse , a supposed hand what 2 minutes before a goal , and not on the penalty area ? 
  it is very funny to see the french complain of it now all things considered ), 
  that was actually shocking . 
  i thought maybe they had 3000 and decided they could only spare 1000 . we got about 300 wolves in portugal , maybe 2000 in whole in the iberian peninsula . 
  the iberian peninsula is just about 20 % larger than norway and has 10 times the population , and maybe 30 time the number of wolves . 
  how much bother can 68 wolves be in a country that big ? 
  so they eat a few sheep , happens , make a fund to pay farmers for it . 
  i hope he really likes china , because that is how you end up having no friends with money or weapons ... 
  not really . 
  maybe in western europe , but not all gypsies are roma , at least our locally do not identify as such and call them selves ciganos and not romani or roma ( and often they really don \u00b4 t like the eastern european roma gypsies which they call just romanians even if they are not ), 
   [ question for all ] how common is hitchhiking in your country ? 
  not common . 
  i think it comes from a time where people knew each other \u00b4 s lives and always knew who was going to go where and would ask for rides in advance . 
  just standing in the middle of the road asking strangers , dunno , i see ocasionally people do it , mostly foreigners but i would not stop and block traffic and risk not liking the person after all . 
  i think you will be lots luckier asking in a caf\u00e9 or something , not on the road . 
  the other day i saw two young cute foreign girls kneeling with a sign just past a traffic light asking for a hitchhike right on the acess to the main lisbon-porto highway ( the access of the airport fireman house ) which was so incredibly dangerous on all levels , i was so mad because i nearly did not see them ( kneeling ! ), 
  and had to swerve right fast . 
  assholes . 
  also , the smell . 
  a lot of ^ ( mostly foreign ) people , particularly if hitchhiking do not bathe enough and smell and would not want to be sitting next to them for any length of time . 
  we got wolf dogs , and actually they kept the job , maybe with more subsidies now http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-16845256 they look like this http://lobo.fc.ul.pt/caodegado/castro-laboreiro.html or this http://lobo.fc.ul.pt/caodegado/serra-estrela.html the wolves are not very large though , it \u00b4 s a climate thing , the warmer the weather the smaller the species . 
  they probably got a sticker label in local language which might not call it necessarily chocolate but something else . 
  reese \u00b4 s peanut butter stuff shows up a lot here , not the most popular sweets but implanting itself through supermarket promos and so on . 
  i like peanut everything , including peanut butter chocolate and i like those . 
  we also have peanut butter mini magnum icecreams which are just great and special limited edition ( but they keep pushing it every two months or so , so not so limited ) peanut butter oreos which are just awesome and the best oreos . 
  peanut butter is not used a lot as a spread by itself but peanuts are pretty popular anyway . 
  peanut curry is a big favorite of mine ... 
  motivation behind building the wall is to combat the damage of sea level rising on the resort 's golf course . 
  i thought trump did not believe in global warning ? 
  ah , you are right , thought it was west of gibraltar for some reason . 
  lots more . 
  for portugal they have lisbon and braga and not porto . 
  in spain i think they got cadiz ( ? ), 
  rather than seville . 
  might have been about cities where they got local partners to conduct the interviews . 
  logical . 
  doesn \u00b4 t bother me at all . 
  first day is a holiday . 
  supposedly days of the week have been continuously named for a very long time . 
  we have had calendar skips , gregorian correction happened but they kept the week days . 
  and even in religion , notice how easter would make no sense if sunday was the seventh day , or why jews observe the shabbath on saturday ( obviously , it \u00b4 s the name , it \u00b4 s the right day ) . 
  it \u00b4 s weird some protestants trying to transfer old jewish observances of saturday into sunday . 
  it does not really mean feira , it just coincides with the name . 
  it cames from feria , the latin in the liturgical calendar , meaning mostly day https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feria, 
  no first day . 
  just 2nd to 6th , the 1st and 7th day got special names . 
  and half of europe seems to number the days of the week also , but doing it differently . 
  greeks are ok though . 
  i kind of wonder what hebrew week day names are , off to the wikipedia now to check . 
  of course there is good reason to think his wife was an ilegal immigrant - by her own admission she needed to keep flying out of the usa to get her visa renewed which by some experts ( also as its done here ) probably means she was not staying with a visa which allowed work . 
  which makes sense if you are giving an immigrant the right to work you are not going to make them leave the country periodically . 
  also the date of the green card through marriage is interesting , her statements are she got it 4 or 5 years before her public wedding with trump . 
  if you think hillary mishandling her private mail is in any way as morally wrong as say trump university that is certainly not my opinion . 
  if you think trump is more competent than hillary in general just look at how their campaigns are being run - the communications missteps , the third campaign manager , the expenses , the no ads or campaign offices . 
  the `` doctor 's '' letter for goodness sake , do you think it was competent to release that letter ? 
  the plagiarized wife 's speech which nobody checked ? 
  ( with a rick rolling even ! ), 
  if we have heard of trump 's email might be significative indeed . 
  but considering all signs of incompetency in his campaign and businesses ( how many bankruptcies ? ), 
  i would not consider it a sign of better practices . 
  just that he is not the target for these people . 
  and that is becoming more and more conspicuous and is extremely interesting . 
  worse than hitler ? 
  pol pot ? 
  sure . 
  been around reddit enough to have heard that one before .
