  geesh `` just worse '' . 
  is this kindergarten or something , that we discussthe failings of politicians in a single one dimensional metric we can measure ? 
   also , why would you question his wife 's immigration record ? 
  because it is very interesting , if he has one opinion about ilegal immigrants and his wife was one . 
  if his wife was a prostitute with ties to ilegal immigration and organized crime , that is also important . 
   it 's been proven at this point that hillary is completely incompetent let \u00b4 s put it this way , i am not drinking that kool aid and am quite suspicious of how vehemently that is being pushed . 
  and completely incompetent she is not , not even trump is so , and he shows far more signs of being incompetent than her . 
   compared to the outdated homebrew clinton private server have you taken a look at his campaign ? 
  the people he hires ? 
  the self control and discipline of his staff ? 
  do you really think it would be any better ? 
  i really really want to see donald trump \u00b4 s irs . 
  and e-mails . 
  ( and his wife \u00b4 s immigration records ) and it \u00b4 s like amazing it \u00b4 s always the democrats and clinton which get hacked . 
  do you think donald trump has great cyber security ? 
  his wife ? 
  because i really really have trouble imagining it . 
  where are the wikileaks damaging to the republicans and trump ? 
  but if it was about football we contributed by being european champions !, 
  see eu , you need us to be european champions of the only sport that matters . 
  i seriously don \u00b4 t give a fuck about the olympics , half the sports are just wtf-this-is-sport , other half ( somewhat overlapping ) are boring . 
  football has made millionaires , maybe even one day billionaires ( cristiano is on the running for it , jorge mendes as well , maybe mourinho ) , plus it \u00b4 s actually watchable and fun and actually about national character , i am totally fine with sticking to it as a priority . 
  and all the thousands of export football players which never being selec\u00e7\u00e3o material have made a really decent living playing footbally in china or russia or the uae and brought money home and made a nice future for themselves . 
  all the football managers we got , winning titles abroad we hardly pay attention to . 
  we are a country who would have an embarassment of riches trying to find a really good manager for the national team ( mourinho better watch his mouth or he looses his chance ) . 
  let \u00b4 s be pragmatic : the olympics are important for one month every 4 years , football the rest of the time . 
  would not swap it for anybody . 
  i suppose the only minority ethnicity in romania is roma people , right ? 
  can you actually tell apart kids that clearly , look at one and be able to tell ethnicity without the other clues of clothes , language , behaviour ? 
  just asking , because i realize it might be different between portugal and eastern europe , but in portugal a lot of ciganos ( do not know what to call them , in portuguese it \u00b4 s ciganos and just ciganos and they are very clear that is the term they use and prefer and they are not roma tribe but another tribe , i would translate as gypsies , but seems to have a lot more connotations in english ) might be darker than ordinary white people , but a lot are undistinguishable . 
  and those which are darker they on the other hand look like might have some african or indian ancestry ( which is the historical background anyway ) . 
  it \u00b4 s a very american thing to ask , and on reddit and r/europe one never knows . 
   actually we are an island . 
  kind of a joke , but also referring population distribution , cultural patterns and how throughout history the coastal areas and the sea have been far more important than the border areas . 
  my estimate is probably 92-95 % of the portuguese population lives closer to the sea than to spain . 
  are you american btw ? 
  because it tends to always always be americans with these arguments and how we `` should '' , or so on . 
   with it you can cover the entire latin america french is far more useful in europe and africa . 
  we can manage pretty well in latin america with portuguese or portu\u00f1ol . 
   and also your only neighbor . 
  actually we are an island . 
   is it because you dont like it , or its so obvious that you treat is as a language you know ? 
  i think we consider it a lazy pick for students , a waste of an opportunity . 
  a different language that we will pick up easily if we ever need it , while french or german will need a lot more work . 
  i would expect students to pick spanish to study to be worse students , lazier than students which pick say german or even french . 
  i think we are in danger of getting tourists out . 
  let 's keep our hidden gems out of the beaten track . 
  do you know how many french voters got close portuguese ancestry and might identify with portugal in matters such as for example football allegiance ? 
  a couple of million in a conservative estimate . 
  plus portugal ' s recent charm offensive regarding for exemple the june 10th celebrations and the contributions and integration of portuguese descendants to french society ( griezmann for them , ? rapahael guerreiro for us , pretty fair ) . socialist lee government in portugal . 
  socialist candidate to un sg who speaks decent french and historical ties to socialist french party . 
  french support is of course dependable on circumstances and not reliable but there are a lot of personal , tangible ties which seem way more tangible than `` it 's a eastern european ' s turn '' thing which is not even in the rules . 
  plus a lot of quid pro quo in other matters . 
  new portuguese president big charm offensive thing to both france and morocco as well as renewing ties to traditional allies . 
  he is a very intelligent , nice man . 
  he is a catholic socialist and seems to reconcile both . 
  he speaks decent french and spanish as well as english and portuguese obviously and i think he might speak german as well ( not that it will matter much for the un ) . 
  he is not showing a lot of signs of wealth or living high . 
  he is not personally associated with any corruption scandals that i know of . 
  personally i would have no trouble buying a second hand car from him , or entrusting him with charity donations . 
  on the bad side , he is accused of being undecisive , of trying to please everybody at the same time and not making hard decisions - not sure that would be a problem for un secretary general . 
  he is not a woman which might not matter after all . 
  he is not eastern european . 
  he had two discourage votes . 
  the russian ambassador hinted one of the discourage votes was not from russia which would be a good sign for guterres odds . 
  one of the discourage votes might have been from new zealand which has its own candidate . 
  two of the 15 security council members ( france which is permanent and angola which is temporary ) support his candidacy . 
  there are not even those much formal restriction regarding churches . 
  maybe at some place with lots of tourists they got sick and tired of it , as well as wedding parties fashion choices , but can \u00b4 t imagine for example a lady who is achurch regular being censored if she is wearing a sleeveless or low cut top on church in a hot summer day . 
  i have heard priests and so on giving hints otoh about vanity and so on , regarding stuff like christmas or these summer processions . 
  and heard in in some areas people dress up a lot to go to church and see what the neighbours are wearing , but that is kind of weird for other places . 
  the kid wearing an inappropriate tshirt , if it \u00b4 s accidental , it would be mean to deny him the opportunity , if it \u00b4 s a passive agressive move hoping to be barred or to embarass his family or something , better ignore it . 
  if he does not want to do it , then he has to say so ; if he wants to do it , his clothes do not matter as much as him wanting to do it . 
   how was he allowed to wear that ? 
  because it does not really matter ? 
  if he does not want to do it , then be a grown up and don \u00b4 t do it . 
  if he shows up and says he wants to do it , then clothes are not more important than attitude . 
  we are not big on judging others, 
  no it \u00b4 s not , not on its details and possibilities . 
  and as an example if this guy can extrapolate from the usa to the uk , i could have answered something about checking id cards which would have date of birth but didn \u00b4 t because i realize different countries do things differently and the uk does not have those . 
  this is r/europe . 
  the uk is not the us and it \u00b4 s not really helpful to add a us-centric perspective to questions about the uk . 
  dead people or retired people likely will be really old . 
  still suspicious and something which should be easy to catch by the state . 
  nevermind it still being weird as fuck , which dead or retired people ? 
  you got a 30 year old cook from albania or nepal whose name is supposed dunno gladys smith or john matthews ? 
  that surely should be suspicious to the employers . 
   taxes are taken out before you receive your pay . 
  that is what i am wondering also . 
  employer takes out part of the salary and pays taxes and social security . 
  if employee was using fake documents , to whom where those taxes and social security assigned ? 
  were there copy of documents , people receiving duplicate social security and taxes contributions ? 
  surely that is something for the state to catch ? 
  it \u00b4 s probably about language and culture . 
  in portugal you would not necessarily call yourself `` happy '' , it would not be modest , saying you are happy might seem like boasting almost , or tempting fate or inconsiderate for people nearby who might be less happy . 
  but in general people might be ready to chat and laugh , plan spending time with friends or family . 
  they might not say `` it \u00b4 s not bad '' when they are actually having a great day . 
  but it \u00b4 s about language , what you are expected to say . 
  `` vai-se andando '' ( we go on ) like the standard response to `` how are you '' . 
  you don \u00b4 t answer `` great ! '',
