  if it \u00b4 s about workers in the loading docks jingoistically defending german truckers , well , if i know germany probably a lot of people unloading trucks will not be german themselves and it \u00b4 s kind of taking things far . 
  maybe there are just issues from other reasons than nationality ? 
  if they hated you , why would they even hire you ? 
  why would all companies hate all polish truck drivers ? 
  i mean why ? 
  i can see some reasons why local truckers would be favored over long distance ones - besides being more important for them to be released earlier , they are more likely to be precisely on schedule . 
  and stereotyping a bit i can see germans way more likely to be nasty to people over them not being on schedule rather than nationality . 
  and for long distance trucking , obviously the odds are much higher of being late or early . 
  take those letters sp is and remove them or move it all to the right . 
  ( or we will be forced to poison all your jamon ), 
  no idea personally but some theories why trucks might not be unloaded strictly by order of arrival : - if you want to unload a truck it might be related to what is on there , where you want to pack it , if it takes long or needs machines . 
  - if there are two truck drivers at the end of the day , one from very far who is going to sleep on the truck anyway , one locally which is going home for the night , you might favor the one locally so he arrives home earlier , since the other guy might be sleeping on the truck anyway and you are not speeding his return home by unloading him at once but are delaying the other . 
  i am not sure there is one mediterranean culture so obviously that we share all of it - i think it \u00b4 s a gradient of characteristics , some of southern europe which we share , other things we might share with north african countries , or northern european atlantic countries . 
  the atlantic is probably the most important defining characteristic of portugal , hystorically and psychologically also . 
  the climate is mostly mediterranean ( though foreigners really don \u00b4 t know about the rain ) but mediterranean climate is also on lots of other parts of the world . 
  made in china !, 
  look at how the 7th castle is at bottom rather than top . 
  are they european champions ? 
  i think not . 
  and fucking never of that city , the only part of the empire which were traitors and trying to use the arms of portugal and the flag of lisbon . 
  ( and if they were portuguese they would not be able to use the black and white because it \u00b4 s not their color combo ), 
  then maybe you can get new better names for your blocs to be more truthful . 
  by the way austria is much much closer to the mediterranean than portugal is . 
  very seriously , portugal is not on the mediterranean . 
  this confusion is oh so common and i think it really gets in the way of foreigners truly understanding a lot of stuff about portugal ( like the rain ), 
  yes , and has been done so for a while , but they just tweaked the formula values ( not even the concepts ) a little bit . 
  kind of x-posting , because these reports are so incredibly stupid this is a completely stupid news piece which is going round the world in ridiculous ways . 
  houses pay municipal tax . 
  municipal tax is a percentage of how much a house is worth . 
  if the house has just been sold great , that is how much it \u00b4 s worth for the tax value , but the house value needs to be reevaluated after a few years , because houses market values change with time , its value might now be higher or lower ( also to dissuade fake official sale values for houses bought with cash ) . 
  to evaluate how much a house is worth , the fiscal authority tries to be objective rather than subjective and there is a long formula which takes into account a lot of things , there is room for up to 20 or 40 variables iirc . 
  things which absolutely count : - the market value in general in the country ; fixed officially - the neighbhourhood values ; there is an official map . 
  - house size ; - how many rooms - type of house ; - year of construction or last construction work ; - if it has a pool . 
  - if it includes a garage and among other variables which can add or remove value to a house you got allowances for `` comfort '' variables which can add a little - it makes sense if you got two equal apartments in the same building one fronting the sea , the other a parking lot , one is worth more than the other . 
  good views , good sun exposure can theoretically add value to the evaluation of the house as does other things like central heating or central air conditioning , etc , etc. . 
  in practice these comfort variables tend to be more fought out by house owners to decrease the value of their house . 
  becayse you also got variables to pay less tax - as a building ages you can request reevaluations , if your building has no elevators past a certain number of floors , if it fronts highways or trainlines or cemeteries or things like that , if you don \u00b4 t have some things like indoor bathrooms or no tap water or something ( still possible on rural homes ) all that can lower your house evaluation value . 
  this is not even new , the formula has been around for years , gets ocasional adjustments , not sure why people are making such a circle jerk like they just discovered this is how house values are evaluated officially . 
  tldr : you don \u00b4 t pay a higher tax rate because of sea views or sun exposure . 
  your house is just evaluated as having slightly higher market value because of that - which is fair , because it is true . 
  the visigoths might have adapted more of the local culture because they literally had very little culture , brought little new agricultural crops or technology of any kind . 
  there were a number of massacres as well . 
  i really don \u00b4 t get why these invaders get a `` pass '' - they were barbarians which destroyed , downgraded a existing culture . 
  spanish and portuguese has a lot of arabic loan words not necessarily because they were more opressive at imposing culture but because they either brought the thing or developped the culture . 
  notice in english as well - alcohol , algebra , nevermind others where the origin of the word in english is not so obvious . 
  why do you think the moors were more of a displacement than the visigoths ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  you know about visigoths being aryan christians , the massacres , the layers of the invasion fire at conimbriga for example ? 
  which cultural continuity ? 
  would n't the introduction of christianity have bern already a disruption ? 
  or imposing aryan doctrine be a disontinuity ? 
  i do know imo my home town was likely a nicer place to live in year 800 or 900 than 600 . 
  i really do n't like the visigoth she . 
  they were illiterate invaders of negligible culture and an extremely violent society . 
  glamorouzing then because `` kebab '' is really stupid . 
  like your paella and marzipan ? 
  and better medicine , and better food . 
  jews and the wrong kind of christian would probably be much safer than with the visigoths . 
  i don \u00b4 t get why the visigoths and suevi invasions were `` good '' and forgiven ( they were barbarians ) but the moors were bad . 
  the moors brought much more of what we eat know , our words , left much more interesting buildings , irrigation techniques . 
  if you go look at historical buildings in the iberian peninsula , you got wonderful things made by the romans , then you got a few visigoth remains and they are so small , often crooked , the writing all crooked , looking even poorer and older than castro villages , then you got nice big walls and castles , nice pavements ( and in spain wonderful buildings ) made by the moors . 
   but the second half ushered in what was effectively a long slow 400 year war . 
  the first half was also a civil war . 
  the rest of europe at that time was also spending hundreds of years in wars back and forth . 
  in fact if you wanted a place to live in europe ( or maybe the world ) around 850-900 , best choice by far would be al-andalus . 
  books being written and sold , baths , many differents kind of food already brought in , peaceful . 
  think of how many words we have of germany origin - war , pumpkin , goose , estribo ... and how many more and of more important things we got from the arabic from foodstuffs and irrigation to technology - dam , olive oil , lettuce , cotton , rice , blue , customs , used book seller , nora, 
  why ? 
  because visigoths and suevi were christian ? 
  just read about all those internal wars and massacres they had . 
  they left basically nothing . 
  cordoba around year 900 was probably a lot more interesting place to live than any place around year 600 and much safer for say jews or atheists or even christians of the `` wrong '' kind of christian . 
  350 per person or per apartment ? 
  if the later when was that ? 
  real estate market has gone very fucked up in the last couple years . 
  the comparison rate , 25 m ^ 2 might be a bit misleading for portuguese prices , because culturally very very few studio apartments ( t0 we would call them ) with that area were built . 
  small apartments tend to not be smaller than 40 m ^ 2 . 
  so if they are doing price by square meter to make things even and extrapolating , it might really not be representative . 
  porto is cheap and probably half the price of lisbon currently , but maybe it \u00b4 s not that cheap . 
  and regarding the weather currently , got to warn all of you furrina fellows - it rains a lot in most of portugal . 
  lisbon is wetter than dublin , porto is much wetter than lisbon and a coru\u00f1a is probably much wetter than porto . 
  just to note , regarding rents , it \u00b4 s totally unthinkable to get currently a one bedroom appartment in lisbon right now for less than 350-500 ( 350 would be a dump and/or dodgy area ) . 
  regarding rents a big difference . 
  and the smell ? 
  your grandmothers would not approve . 
  the length and steadiness of our relationship in far funnier . 
  mind you , we only eat it not stick it on things . 
  not really . 
  we have been fishing bacalhau for at least 600 years ( the corte real brothers , terra nova ) and our coat of arms is more recent , the esfera armilar is from manuel i. 
  particularly historical buildings would probably receive a lot more effort in trying to protect them and rebuild them i think the accuracy of the bombs was not that big to pinpoint exactly neighbouring buildings , but the blast from the bomb might shake neighbouring ones as well as start a fire . 
  some buildings of particular relevance would receive more effort to save them from the fire or to recover them . 
  some tall churches were particularly spared by the bombers because they would be useful as navigation points also . 
  shut up . 
  let \u00b4 s keep away from the spotlight as far as possible . 
  we think we have few tourists and expats already ? 
   i never had gaspacho in portugal . 
  the closest thing would be tomato soup i guess . 
  it \u00b4 s very popular in the algarve and south of alentejo  and i mean you do n't see gaspacho everywhere pingo doce always has 1l packs in the refrigerated meals area for example . 
  but it does not have to be gaspacho , in almost all portuguese caf\u00e9s and restaurants there will be soup of the day and 90 % or more of the times it will be naturally vegan . 
   i do n't even know what torricado toast with olive oil and maybe salt and maybe garlic .
