   the clock , checked . 
  any specific meaning to the clock ? 
  the rooster i got , but i did not realize the clock had a meaning as well . 
  yeah , it \u00b4 s great for you that you can afford a mobile phone with touch id , and are tech-y enough to use it . 
  but a lot of people in portugal and i bet the uk can \u00b4 t really afford expensive mobile phones , or computers or internet access , nor are they actually tech-y , so it \u00b4 s pretty important they have access to an easy way to do bank services for free , and close , and simply . 
  almost everybody processes payments ( taxes , utilities , etc ) and so on using multibanco . 
  and about atm safety i am not talking necessarily about your login validation , but about everything else , if there are some sort of security failures in your phone or in internet connection . 
   ca n't do this in the uk , but that 's what online banking is for . 
  not everybody has access to the internet . 
  far more people have bank cards than the ones which would be able to navigate safely online banking . 
  it \u00b4 s a lot older as well . 
  and i trust it more than any bank website . 
   is n't the health care for every eu citizen ? 
  actually no . 
  health care can also be for legal working foreigners . 
  and citizenship does not necessarily give a right to healthcare - some countries mandate insurance , others that you have worked or studied at some point ( and are not a child ) . 
  people born outside the eu who never worked in a eu country and who acquire an eu nationality somehow are not necessarily covered for health care outside their nationality country ( maybe even inside it ) . 
   the idea behind it is that it 's impossible to create a totalitarian police state when everyone is allowed to stock up on arms . 
  they currently have a right to stock up on arms , and they seem to have a far more authoritharian police force and police immunity than any place in europe . 
  and a far more authoritarian government . 
  so their right to bear arms , it does not seem to be working for them in any way i would care to copy . 
  you do not know what `` europeans '' means apparently . 
  or instead putting some qualifier before the world europeans . 
  nothing terrifying about 35\u00bac . 
  mind you , some europeans will probably not be too bothered about -35 either , thougn obviously not all europeans . 
  the thing is arson fires are like regular fires . 
  for a forest fire to have propagated it so very fast , it \u00b4 s a signof extreme weather conditions . 
  which included thousands of dry lightning bolts as literally hundreds of thousands of portuguese people saw on saturday ( myself included ) . 
  and what do you think starts fires more effectively , transmits more energy ? 
  the efforts of an arsonists with the fuel or matches they can carry , or a lightning strike ? 
  it \u00b4 s unlikely . 
  being researched , obviously , but really unlikely . 
  there were warnings of dry thunderstorms , plenty of witnesses and videos and records of dry thunderstorms , videos of fire whirls from that afternoon ( and anedoctal , was a couple hundred km away and not in an area which suffered from wildfire , but went through two storms , all of a sudden out of the blue and dry storms are fucking weird ) . 
  finding malice as a cause , a scapegoat is kind of a natural instinct . 
  a lot of it ongoing right now , kind of a media storm ongoing as well , as did the supposed crash of a canadair airplane , and a few other polemics . 
   13c above average is equivalent to lisbon having a high of 38c-40c in june . 
  you kind of have to plan for that when designing infrastructure . 
  for year \u00b4 s hots even , not just june \u00b4 s average . 
  because the return period of these temperatures is not that extreme . 
  and tarmac melting at 34 c , when it \u00b4 s npt even a record high , the taxpayers somehow were ripped off . 
  damn , i am from coastal portugal and i think the central peninsular plateau has terrible weather and their winters are cold . 
  but not -25 !, 
  the atlantic ocean is a wonderful thing . 
   with the mercury hitting 30c and above . 
  aww , bless their souls ... they are trolling , right ? 
  intentionally trolling ? 
  lol , people are so damn good at not doing the simple things , because they think they know best . 
  i can give you losts of examples of things some cultures take for granted and adults from others seem to have no clue . 
  many of those things are weather related indeed . 
   british houses are not designed with that in mind . 
  it gets in from the roof in all houses !, 
  and trust me more is probably being prevented from roof insulation than through window shutters , since area is larger and roof has a much larger cross section to the sun . 
  if you people were sensible , just close all the windows , and use whichever curtains as well . 
  use car sunshades . 
  except it really really doesn \u00b4 t. 
  a house with roof insulation is far cooler in summer as well . 
  heat does not transfer out of an attic when the sun is shining on it . 
  people survive , manage their lives in very similar buildings in places far hotter and often without air conditioning , maybe they have a clue and something to teach the british . 
  but no , some people do not want to learn , their circumstances are exceptional . 
   which means the top of the house gets hotter than the rest , it gets hotter than the rest because it \u00b4 s also the part where the sun is shining down at full strength . 
   , if heat accumulates the heat differential between the outside and the roof means it should leave the house not keep building up until it 's actually hotter inside than out . 
  trust me , insulation helps keep the attic and the top of the house and all house much cooler than it would be without it . 
  blinds help and if you don \u00b4 t have it , use cardboard like in cars , or use curtains , even curtains help !, 
  but if you have a window open you will get a draft for a bit yeah , while hot air inside rushes in and blends with colder air inside until you are in thermal equilibrium with the outside , it \u00b4 s literally like a room is heated through ventilation or air conditioning . 
  and it \u00b4 s a lost faster than if you kept the window closed . 
  it really baffles me how some people really don \u00b4 t get it . 
  if the temperature inside is close or hotter , then open everything possible . 
  if it \u00b4 s cooler inside , shut everything to prevent the heat conduction ( and convection and radiation ) to the inside . 
  on all fronts , there is not one secret trick to beat the heat . 
   roofs here are stuffed with insulation to stop heat rising out of the top , that is very good , because heat can enter through the roof as well . 
  trust me a non-insulated roof causes a much hotter attic in summer ( and colder in winter ) than an insulated roof . 
  what is the obsession you people have thinking the heat needs to leave the house ? 
  the problem when it \u00b4 s hot is stopping it getting in !, 
  it rains more in winter in portugal than in most of the uk . 
  somehow we manage . 
  even curtains help . 
  or cardboard . 
  or the best of all which is foil lined thermal shades - i got some for roof windows and the difference for both hot and cold is brutal . 
  we use a lot of cardboard or thermal material foldbable sunshade protections for car windows , if parking a car outside , even a cardboard protection can help . 
  google it - i did but most of the links i found are from amazon or aliexpress , not sure if that is allowed . 
  it helps a lot particularly if you got a very exposed window . 
   having the windows open is smarter in the heat in the north . 
  you can lead a horse to water but can \u00b4 t make them drink . 
  thermodynamics is not different in the british islands , trust me . 
  we got lots of brick buildings ourselves . 
  heat is not different than cold , heat is a measure of energy which flows from something which is at a higher temperature ( hot body . 
  really , it \u00b4 s the technical term ) to something which is a lower temperature ( the cold body ) . 
  materials are symetric , they don \u00b4 t care in which direction the heat is flowing . 
  there are 3 forms of heat transfer ( ignoring quantum effects ) , which is conduction , convection and radiation . 
  do whatever possible to stop radiation and yes even closing curtains helps . 
  conduction means physically closing the windows . 
  if you got an outside temperature of 30 degrees and the inside is 27 , opening the windows means the temperature is going to converge much faster and you are heating your inside room a lot more than if you had the window closed . 
  convection is only going to work out to cool the room if the temperature outside is below the room temperature - you can and should open the windows then . 
  somehow we manage in other countries . 
  it works . 
  particularly useful are foil lined things like roof window shades and car windshield protections, 
  i once had to explain to a friend from northern europe that he really really needed to close the shutters and windows during the day . 
  he was shocked and did not want to do it `` it was dark , it was depressing '' . 
  just mentioning this in case it is useful . 
  a lot of europeans do not have a clue how to handle even moderate heat ( and other europeans no clue about even moderate cold also ) .
