  it has a very high percentage of very elderly residents , particularly in the centre due to decades of pro-tenant rental laws and a period of very high inflation in 70s-80s which led to rents being totally disadjusted and little investment in building or maintaining buildings in the city centre . 
  now older people still are protected from rent increases or eviction but as new houses become available they are valued much too high for young people . 
  one bedroom apartments in lisbon average rate is now about the same as monthly minimum wage . 
  a bedroom in a shared house average cost now is 75 % of that average monthly wage . 
  it \u00b4 s not that the city is not attractive necessarily , it \u00b4 s the real estate market . 
   the belgians have purchased all the hershey 's chocolate at the px as if belgians would buy hershey \u00b4 s chocolate more than once !, 
  probably not . 
  we have a lot of police forces . 
  these should absolutely count : - policia judiciaria - which is the criminal police . 
  - psp/gnr two different forces which would be the regular police in other countries , they are different ones , with different territories or competences ( and gnr is also a military force , partially , and has some responsibilities regarding emergency response and civil protection ) . 
  but we have other forces which are also technically police forces but in other countries might not be really police - policia maritima - kind of the coast guard - sef - border control - guarda prisional - prison guards are technically a police force some discussion a while ago if asae , the economic activity and food safety agency was a real police force or not ( not , because they were created by a government law , and only parliament can establish a police force , so some arrests were ilegal and that legal hole had to be patched ) . 
  plus municipal police forces , which are technically psp officials , but they enforce different things . 
  and maybe more . 
  military police should not count , for any country . 
  not sure how they account these , if the per capita numbers are just the 3 `` main '' police forces , or what they are including . 
  aren \u00b4 t there some irish organized crime gangs though ? 
  i remember reading about this irish guy being gunned down in spain , as part of some gang warfare . 
  and some questions about some missing/killed irish guy in the algarve a while ago , it could be something dodgy as well . 
   if the dutch are so focused on language as a hallmark of dutch identity , why do they basically enable long-term foreigners to live their lives in english ? 
  i am not dutch , but i really don \u00b4 t see the contradiction . 
  you might have absolutely nothing against foreigners living in your country and help them by using a language they can understand , if you know it . 
  the foreigners might or might not want to learn the national language , they are allowed to remain uninterested !, 
  if they do learn , as they learn they become something slightly different , they are seem as more reliable , less likely to move aside , more invested . 
  but they are not forced to do that . 
  and some people got portuguese nationality through descent without even speaking portuguese , which is fine , or brazillians with double nationality who speak brazillian portuguese , their citizenship exists , but on day to day people will think their other nationality is the prevalent , the most important part of their culture because that is their language . 
   so europeans , does being close to any certain store in your country drive up the property price ? 
  like others are saying you are confusing correlation with causality . 
  and with portugal not being a near a certain store , but if you check the free delivery area of a certain department store \u00b4 s supermarket , that will be the areas where the real estate is maybe the top 5 % most expensive for all of portugal ( and they are not even crazily expensive , just a tiny little bit higher than average ), 
  i think the concept of red meat is not about color , at least regarding `` health '' concerns . 
  anyway regarding consumer opinion , chicken is definitely seen as lighter , healthier . 
  lots of people try to reduce red meat consumption though looking at those maps i kind of doubt what i know . 
  fish is widely considered healthiest of all . 
  some weeks ago , 3 croats were arrested breaking into a villa in portugal . 
  the incredible thing was the driver and older guy , probably the head of the operation used a wheelchair . 
  sure , but was mentioning it as counter-evidence to your theory . 
  you were theorizing `` i wonder if one can draw a connection between poultry consumption and gdp . '', 
  and was mentioning why i did not think so . 
  it \u00b4 s not necessarily cheapest , people like it , people think it healthier . 
  also poultry seems more popular in western than southeastern europe for example , no relation with income there . 
  denmark , britain . . 
  well , they did not check the bags of a mother and some teen girls . 
  the bomb was not being carried by a teen girl anyway was it ? 
  in a lot of things i have gone to , some demographics are less likely to have their belongings checked . 
  10 year old girls in britain are really not very likely dangerous are they ? 
  we would not swap our frango de churrasco , our arroz de pato , our canja for other things . 
  also it \u00b4 s considered healthier than red/pork meat . 
  a lot of poultry sausages and `` hams '' are sold as being healthier , and are more expensive than pork . 
  pork is actually probably the cheapest meat . 
   i 'm gon na have to dismiss that since gospel does n't seem all that reliable no reason to think it would be unreliable when it described what people ate everyday . 
  it would have no motivation to not be truthful about it , you know . 
  to know how people in the past lived , works written at that time are a major source , particularly for the small details . 
   the minist\u00e9rio do turismo had quite a hefty ( though through the principle of subsidiarity ) role in portugal 's economic redevelopment after then 90s . 
  between 2004 and 2005 ...  the better correct approach is to make sure that it does not get worse , stabilize the situation , but also ensure the growth and economic stability and viability of the city 's structure , and then start applying a long-term correction . 
  sure and do things like establish airbnb need to pay same income tax as regular renting . 
  end gold visas for properties or at least in some areas ( but keep it for jobs created ) . 
  create subsidized student lodging , a lot more . 
  out of the eu property owners to be slightly more municipal tax . 
  make evictions for non payment a lot easier and faster ( that is something which removes properties from regular renting and puts those in airbnb also ) . 
  edit - just to add , i did not contest it because i did not see the point , but i can \u00b4 t even think of which airport in setubal you flew frequently to years ago . 
  are you talking about tires ? 
   then you also must have came across how they were assimilated then , and how they continue to operate today . 
  i am supposed to be aware of a ministery which according to you is currently doing lots of things , and which only existed between 2004 and 2005 ? 
  dude , we have many ministeries , and some appear and disappear . 
  that one does not really register . 
   also , why do you think that i should pay taxes to a country i moved away from , after years of being unhappy in it ? 
  what obligation do i owe portugal ? 
  i did not say that . 
  i am going to reread what i wrote . 
  my objections are solely to people actually living in portugal ( lisbon ) and paying income tax in other countries or not at all . 
  see what i wrote here ? 
   portuguese citizens working abroad should imo obviously pay income taxes to where they are living and working . 
   i 'm aware , though you should know that lisbon is not at all at that level . 
  nope , but it \u00b4 s already becoming a problem trust me . 
   i do not , i mean the ministry that existed until 2005 and then was taken under the minist\u00e9rio da economia ... 
  i googled it , there was only a minist\u00e9rio do turismo for about a year from 2004 to 2005 . 
  i don \u00b4 t really recall it . 
  turismo de portugal is very old . 
   ... taxes are paid by employers as they give out the cheque ... what the hell ? 
  do you expect everyone ever to pay taxes to portugal ? 
  residents in portugal , which are using portuguese infrastructure such as roads , hospitals , sewers , emergency systems , counting on portuguese police to keep them safe , yeah i think they should be paying portuguese income tax . 
  portuguese citizens working abroad should imo obviously pay income taxes to where they are living and working . 
   this is literally just the common market at work , you pay taxes where you live . 
  that is absolutely fine with me . 
  my point is due to remote working a lot of people are delocalizing their taxes and axctual residence which is a problem imo . 
  plus the tax exemptions for foreign retirees . 
  that is my issue . 
   so you 'd rather have less foreign investment ? 
  too much can be a problem . 
  consider vancouver and other canadian cities . 
   lisbon 's transportation system is the problem , not its housing competitive market ( if you think lisbon is that bad you are not ready to hear about paris or dublin ) . 
  i know a bit about both , and it \u00b4 s not that bad either yet , but then again neither is local purchasing power , and that is another factor growing a lot the real estate market . 
  it \u00b4 s still cheaper !, 
  and presumably safer , and nicer weather , and nice infrastructure or at least better than dublin . 
  and if lisbon needs more public transportation nevermind dublin . 
  and regarding paris at least perceived as safer and not talking just about terrorism but robberies and such . 
   and transportation infrastructure is still lacking , thus creating so much debate . 
  it costs a lot of money which cames from taxpayers . 
  that is the problem . 
  and here we are all replying to a guy objecting to portugal supposedly spending 50 million in a festival !, 
   minist\u00e9rio do turismo , it does not exist .
