  which can be very real , and things like real estate hikes might theoretically be economical growth but not be of any real profit for people not directly in that market . 
  the problem is the people , the areas , affected by the negative effects of tourism are not necessarily the ones which have no money , it \u00b4 s not so easily transferrable . 
  rents increasing wildly in some areas , restaurants tripling their costs , does not necessarily mean that money is being spread to the jobless or creating jobs or even increasing taxes much . 
  there is an old saying , be careful what you wish for because you might get it . 
  tourism is important economically , but it \u00b4 s not without negative consequences and actually there has got to be a fine point for advantages for parts of the economy while also improving the city they are visiting . 
  too many tourists got real problems . 
  i got some for 99 cents ( and were actually good , ripe , had to discard a couple as starting to go ) , or 1.29 these last weeks . 
  lisbon . 
  small frutarias , mercearias , street sellers , i usually avoid buying fruit and vegetables at the supermarkets . 
  the contracts the state paid to people offering to build wind parks years ago https://fenix.tecnico.ulisboa.pt/downloadfile/395139674315/as%20ppp%20no%20sector%20das%20energias%20renov%c3%a1veis.pdf . 
  and there is some maintenance costs associated of course . 
   in portugal 's case , the limitation on pumped hydro is because of geography or because of the lack of infrastructure ? 
  portugal actually has , and has been investing on it for decades , very wisely , a lot of pumped hydro ability already , comparatively . 
  all new dams got it since aguieira , and there has been conversion work being done in older dams . 
  for pumped hydro you need something like a retention basin below from which you can pump the water back . 
  even ignoring energy efficiency tut there are some limits - water evaporates , you can \u00b4 t pump everything back , you need to maintain ecological water flows . 
  we are actually using almost all major rivers for hydro now , and the existing dams keep getting improved . 
  i found this page , from 2014 https://www.hydropower.org/country-profiles/portugal installed hydropower capacity : 4,455 mw + 1,343 mw pumped storage ( 2014 ) foz tua pumped storage ability i can \u00b4 t find , but it will probably be 125 mw of pumped storage ( which is always very different from total output on the other direction ) so a nice increase but not dramatically so , maybe 10 % . 
  and also micro hydro , the very small electricity productions using small water courses can also , adding everything up , be an important contributor . 
  but the most important limitation is in the nature of water and our weather . 
  we have rainy winters and dry hot summers , we have droughts , water is not exclusively a matter of energy production , but also necessary for watering crops ( alqueva ) , maintaining ecological flows , even human usage . 
  so our ability to store renewable energy , either wind or solar , is limited by water availability . 
  our co2 production is totally different in summer and winter and these recent news is not even that new . 
  if there the dams are full and rain and wind is predicted they can afford to turn off generation groups ( usually just one , it \u00b4 s enough for the whole country right now ) for maintenance and take a few days to turn on the other new one . 
  they have done it in the past , for at least 24hours . 
  problem is , for efficiency they can \u00b4 t stop and start coal boilers constantly , so for baseload production even if lots of energy is being produced you still need to keep a coal generator group on , because you are going to need it at sometime in the next couple months . 
   why is germany investing so much in solar ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know their grid so can \u00b4 t guess . 
  solar can be stored if you private users got batteries ( though they degrade with time , need to be replaced , and heavy metals later needing processing ) or you store it in pumped hydro . 
  in portugal \u00b4 s case we got limited pumped hydro storage , limited by both how many dams ( big or micro ) and how much water ( weather dependent ) currently is available . 
  solar is an extremely popular concept , and the public often does not realize its limitations . 
  public money sometimes is spent on things which are popular more than useful . 
  but like i said i don \u00b4 t know their grid . 
  some countries are more than 100 % renewable , they use 10 % of what they produce and that is enough and export 90 % ( i am thinking of paraguay and at some times in the past mozambique and cabora bassa dam ) . 
  everything has to be considered in context . 
  for the environment , what would be preferrible would be for the human race to disappear . 
  but yeah , you got to consider the cost of dams compared to alternatives . 
  and something which is crucial in portugal \u00b4 s case is the role of hydro not only as energy producing as a way to store energy . 
  i think what would totally change the planet is if somebody discovers , invents , a way to effectively store large amounts of electricity ( batteries not an option and have other concerns related to degradation and heavy metals ) . 
  so far the only way we got to effectively be able to store large amounts of energy ( at solar noon when demand is low , when the wind is blowing at 4 am ) is pumped storage in hydro . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t have to be big hydro , micro hydro is also important and not so irrelevant ( much more important in portugal than the very popular solar ) in energy production and response to peak hours demand . 
   just had the impression that many posters do n't see the great success progress is kind of a continuous thing . 
  we have had progress throughout years and years ( each dam , yes , and we need hydro to fully use the other renewable sources ) . 
  it \u00b4 s just that this particularly piece of news , these stats is totally misleading in the way it is being presented and not that meaningful . 
  and explaining that is no way hindering progress , growth of the people actually doing things and it might imo be helpful to explain as widely as possible , so people can understand the real challenges , what the situation really is . 
  on a lot of reposts of these news people go all `` oh , yeah , may , good weather sun , it \u00b4 s because of solar '' which for example is totally wrong , solar is irrelevant for portugal , this is because of lots of rain and wind which is much more helpful for electricity production anyway . 
  the more we know , we understand about the technical details , the better we understand and the better our opinions will be . 
  about stuff like the need for dams and pumped storage , about investing in solar versus investing in wind , about nuclear versus coal . 
  the more we know , the better we understand . 
   but wood is a renewable resource ( you can always plant more trees ) wood is , and leftovers from olive oil extraction and so on . 
   , just not one that 's good for the environment . 
  arguably the co2 released is co2 fixed and more co2 was fixed by other parts of the plant than what was released . 
  but trash is not so obvious . 
  but was just a detail about not beiong so clear cut what is renewable , what is zero emissions and so on . 
  that is one of the most useful of them all . 
  sorry about your grandparent \u00b4 s village , hope they were repaid fairly , though of course emotionally can \u00b4 t be replaced . 
  electricity production goes back and forth in exports and imports and co2 does not know any boundaries so this dam hopefully profits us all somehow . 
  such a beautiful river and region . 
  it \u00b4 s obviously good , but it \u00b4 s not actually new new . 
  and it \u00b4 s a bit hypocritical because baseload is still necessary and working as much as before . 
   this means that under optimal circumstances the problem is these optimal circumstances are totally weather dependent , so not controllable . 
  we have been having plenty of rain and wind which is great for energy production , but it can \u00b4 t be counted on , we are going to have droughts . 
   this sounds really great as a title but it would be interesting to understand how much of the `` renewables sources '' is hydroelectric ? 
  http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/estatisticadiariadiagrama.aspx look for the data for the 9th to 11th . 
  of course it is because of hydro ( and hydro is a renewable ) , we have had winter months where we got 90 % renewable . 
  but hydro is essential for using renewable , the other renewable , sources , it \u00b4 s the only efficient way to store large amounts of electricity and it \u00b4 s only with full dams you can afford to turn off baseline coal ( or nuclear , not in out case ) plants . 
  solar is only useful around solar noon , wind is unreliable . 
  big dams are not such a massive sink , i think the renewable private partnerships were much more missmanaged ( and perhaps intentionally ) . 
  ffs , this pieces of news just won \u00b4 t die . 
  there is a portuguese saying `` quem conta um conto , acrescenta um ponto '' , that a tale grows in the retelling and this small interesting detail is growing in the reporting all out of proportion . 
  this does not mean what it is supposed to mean , and as source , check the daily production stats for http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/estatisticadiariadiagrama.aspx basically they were switching off a coal boiler and waited to turn off the new one at sines , but coal and gas were still being consumed , it was just that the wind production was very large and as a bonus it was raining and the dams are miraculously close to capacity so the hydro was producing as well . 
  portugal was seriously overproducing electrity on those days , of which some was exported . 
  the renewable production was more than consumption but it does not mean that coal/gas/otherstuff was not being burnt ( it was still ) . 
  also `` renewable '' in portugal is a bit vague and tends to include thermic production for things like wood , industrial leftovers and trash . 
  we got quite a bit of hydro , and more ongoing - the foz tua dam , which is not universally popular http://dw2015.lnec.pt/foz%20tua%20dam.html https://globalvoices.org/2016/05/05/a-new-dam-in-portugal-is-about-to-destroy-parts-of-a-world-heritage-wine-region/ also the sabor river dam . 
  and a lot of the older dams have been adapted into pumped storage . 
  also relevant is a lot of so called micro hydro , which all adds up and can also be used for pump storage as well . 
  but portugal is relatively hilly ( in the north ) and rivers flow west , so there are at least 4 significative rivers flowing in from spain ( the lima , the douro , the tagus , the guadiana ) . 
  also weather , rain tends to come from the west and rains more in portugal than in spain . 
  there are always environmental concerns about truly maxing out hydro power . 
  pumped hydro basins are not a deep lake . 
  evaporation losses are low in the reservoir ( and unavoidable ) but as water sits waiting to be pumped back if it 's a hot summer with drought it is not negligible . 
  not huge but every drop counts . 
   you said it yourself , if there 's too much power at 12:40 you use pumps so you can use the power at 21:40 . it does not work like that , the pumping power is limited by the dams we got available and how much water they have , and there is always water loss , so if there is not enough water forget it . 
  usually pumped hydro water is saved for the 21:00 peak and it \u00b4 s more convenient to pump it , to reduce evaporation losses during the night . 
  and the pumped hydro capacity we got ( which is not bad considered , but it \u00b4 s pretty finite by how many dams we can make . 
  foz tua will help , but even then consider all the controvery ) is already more than enough for the wind power . 
  adding more solar , which would need to be pumped at peak evaporation hours , not sure we could use it . 
  edit - we use coal as well , of course , obviously . 
  sines , though if lucky only one group will be active . 
  and this is a week before that http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/saldoimportador.aspx?date=07-07-2015 and i really doubt adding lots of solar would solve much , or solve in a way efficient to money spent - electricity production is , mostly , a dynamic thing changing minute to minute , and more output at 12:40 will mean nothing if you need power at 21:40 and must still import . 
  we already pay too much for electricity because of the renewable contracts . 
  we import energy from spain every day . 
  we export as well . 
  it \u00b4 s more efficient like that , to respond to peak demand saldo importador e exportador , you can see how it changes http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/saldoimportador.aspx?date=08-03-2016 but it tends to , every day , we both import and export . 
  it depends on weather ( on many many variables ) , depends on consumption , depends even on price , if it \u00b4 s cheaper than from a producer or not . 
  solar is seriously overrated as an energy source for the national grid and not a good metric to see how good , sustainable , a country \u00b4 s renewable energy systems is . 
  portugal chose to invest on wind and other renewable , big hydro and micro hydro and it \u00b4 s imo a very wise choice because they are much more useful energy sources , plus with the pumped hydro advantage to store excess wind output . 
  solar is produced around solar noon and that is it - very predictable ( not counting clouds which not that big a issue ) but that is a time of the day where demand is not at its peak . 
  electricity not immediately consumed must be stored , and the only way to store large amounts of electricity is pumped hydro .
