  because entering the uk has always been pretty matter of fact to me - yes , you show the passport , and with biometric it \u00b4 s a little more complicated but it \u00b4 s fast ( oh yeah , trust me on this , even if it takes 10-15 minutes ) and easy . 
  and if americans in the us feel constrained , oh dear , poor them , after all entering the us ( or leaving it by entering a plane ) is so civilized and welcoming and efficient \\ sarcasm in the case of gibraltar border controls , been there by car , and the inspections outside really are not comparable to entering the uk - the guards really seem to be stupidly harassing people . 
  they waved off the cars with portuguese license plates ( which was nice of them ) , but they did not even seem to be entering anything into databases of other cars ( with local spanish plates ) , they took their time at everything and making people take things out of cars - fair enough if smuggling is a problem , but they did not seem to have dogs or equipment to help with that process or anything . 
  good manners . 
  i don \u00b4 t know , it \u00b4 s not clear to me what is the definition between `` rounding up the bill '' or `` in special circunstances '' - i think both would probably describe portugal . 
  rounding up the bill - usual for things like taxis or restaurants ( particularly when bill is divided between a group ) . 
  special circunstances - dunno . 
  for people delivering furniture maybe ? 
  ah , we ( portugal ) got a foundation myth a bit like that regarding the symbolism of the central elements of our flag . 
  but battle was in 1139 , and it only gets written about at around the same time as yours , circa 1400 - must have been quite a trend at that time !, 
  yep , and it was the main colors of the flag for a long time , it was changed only a 100 years ago . 
  the shields part is the important one , the red shield with the castles and other shields , that is our main national symbol rather than the flag , and it has been pretty stable for 500-600 years . 
  it was also our ( portugal ) first flag , some 800 something years ago . 
  i think in our case it was centred though . 
  but our flag has been tweaked and tweaked over time , with a dramatic color change with the change to the republic , so no real one-history to it , though i guess each change and ingredient has a story or a myth attached to it ( in the lack of data ) . 
  it also says  the ministry said visitors from britain spent * more * than others representing 19.4 percent of the total and spending a total of 4.731 billion euros in spain 5 or whatever percentage of 5 billion euros is not neglectable at all and it says pretty clearly the uk is their most important market . 
  also read what i said before , this is not equally distributed uniformly over spain itself - and some of of the most fragile economically regions really depend on british tourism . 
  madrid and barcelona will probably be fine without the british tourism , other parts not so much . 
  and it is somewhat perverse to me , that the region around gibraltar is one of the poorest and most unemployed regions of spain , seems to be perfectly fine with the concept of gibraltar , and is one of the regions with most at risk - but it \u00b4 s a region which historically votes psoe anyway , which will explain why nobody is paying attention to what people near gibraltar want ( 10000 jobs without harassment ), 
  1 ) the british market seems pretty important for a lot of spanish resorts , just go there and take a look . 
  if you do not believe me check for example airport arrivals for airports on the coast . 
  and 5 % of a percentage will be very important for some locations and some times of the year . 
  2 ) give it some time , particularly if the sun and the daily mail decide to get outraged at the nerve . 
  this is true , and well understood . 
  yeah , downvote at will . 
  ( and fyi , 5 % or 3 % in occupancy rates is important . 
  you don \u00b4 t make money with 60 % or 50 % or whatever , that is to make even on operating expenses . 
  it \u00b4 s going from 77 to 80 % occupancy or going from 79 to 84 % where your profit is ), 
  if it gets too bombastic , i would say a few daily mail and sun front pages will have some influence - not immediately because things will probably be booked already , but even if 5 % of british tourists decide to go elsewhere other than spain it will be noticeable . 
  particularly for lower traffic-lower season airports . 
  5 % less on a flight from prestwick to valencia or manchester to sevilla on november or march might mean the flight gets cancelled - or can be used as a bargaining chip to make the airport offer a lot more . 
  i think it is really not the right time for spain to risk alienating its most important tourism market . 
  i think it was of more importance in the old days ( right now , basically you got a airbase a few hundred kms away will be more than good enough ) . 
  but back then , no - and extreme points are not even that important , the most important thing was a good defensible harbour . 
  on the european side , algeciras bay is the obvious harbour and gibraltar totally controls it - and it \u00b4 s a 400 m high pile of rock , a very tough cookie to take . 
  spanish harbours in the area are much more recent . 
  on the african side , ceuta and tangier are the obvious points to control the straits but gibraltar is a lot more naturally defensible . 
  at this moment , surely there must be an american nuclear sub or a carrier ( or the non-carrier carriers which are bigger than other nation \u00b4 s carriers ) in the mediterranean somewhere , so all is moot anyway . 
  and the biggest problem is drug or people trafficking anyway ,, 
  those are very scary monkeys !, 
  i think britain does not even need the armed forces there or anything , just give those monkeys a pile of rocks and let them do their work . 
  gibraltar is high ground , monkey and rocks , you wan na invade you gon na have a bad time . 
  no surrender monkeys . 
  fun fact - there is a myth that gibraltar will be british as long as the monkeys survive . 
  there have never been so many monkeys in gibraltar in recorded history as there are now . 
  this is a rock , but it is a lovely rock , it \u00b4 s about the largest rock in europe and you can see it from many dozens of km around and it \u00b4 s a bit like you see it and want to go there . 
  plus monkeys !, 
  and british shops with british style customer service . 
  this on the other hand really is a rock http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perejil_island and already there was a spat . 
  and it \u00b4 s not pretty but i think the portuguese foreign office , defense department and tourism industry are extremely amused at the moment . 
  while the hotel business in the algarve and madeira might be holding their breaths in hope of all of this leading to a few sharp words between spain and britain . 
  it \u00b4 s amazing how a few thousand square meters of land or sea are so much more important for the spanish economy than hundreds of thousands of british tourists coming to spend money on sangria and hotels and restaurants . 
  what exactly are they fishing on those what ? 
  5000 square meters ? 
  and how much money does that yearly provide to the spanish economy ? 
  and misspelled, 
  the prices they list are iirc compiled by user entered averages , and while some i can quibble with ( levis are kind of expensive brand here , no idea what a pair of 501 levis costs , and a generic pair of middle quality zara or h & m jeans for 30 or 40 euros would be imo a better comparison than 80 $ !, 
  for jeans , or cinema ticket , there are tons of promos 2 for 1 ) it looks kind of right for almost everything in the things i know for the cities i know . 
  even the public perception on safety crime also seems right to me . 
  i guess for cities or countries for which there are not of users entering data the data will be a lot less accurate . 
  but both lisbon and rio de janeiro have had over 200 people enter data in the last 18 months so they seem pretty close to real . 
  just for fun , price comparison between lisbon and rio de janeiro http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=portugal&amp;country2=brazil&amp;city1=lisbon&amp;city2=rio+de+janeiro ( well cigarettes and taxis are much cheaper in brazil . 
  i don \u00b4 t smoke , maybe that is why i never noticed the cigarettes . 
  and gas is cheaper there , but gas is cheaper almost everywhere in the world . 
  but i really do not understand brazil \u00b4 s prices ), 
   i mentioned brasil with this in mind : get a high paying job there and you are set . 
  prices are not third world prices . 
  i do not understand how brazillians can afford to live , stuff like groceries does not seem to me any noticeably cheaper than say in portugal or germany and everything imported is ridiculously priced , up to 3 times its cost in europe . 
  maybe i am just seeing middle class prices because i really do not understand how the really poor can afford to live . 
   portugual should give to england is best piri-piri chicken based recipes '' it \u00b4 s not like that would be nando \u00b4 s anyway . 
  or anything close . 
  it \u00b4 s not on the mediterranean basin because no water flows from portugal to the mediterranean . 
  everything which rains in portugal flows towards the atlantic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drainage_basin#/media/file:ocean_drainage.png climate tons more places fit the definition sure , biology it reaches towards iran or even further . 
  my argument is that due to location and specificities , our culture is somewhat different from what the mediterranean culture is , on several aspects . 
  the reason i used this as an example to this specific question is because i think you really have to experience several to notice , and i think even my countrymen do not quite get how much more we are influenced , culturally and politically , by the atlantic than the mediterranean . 
  n\u00e3o \u00e9 por a\u00ed https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3lzvcp/map_of_the_worlds_mediterranean_climate_zones/ and even southern portugal has its own peculiarities to the mediterranean climate . 
  that is what i meant about being a stereotype your own countrymen get wrong . 
   or did you make up a category just now for portugal alone ? 
  :p i do not think i made a category . 
  there are lots of countries which fit ( or not fit ) several categories and are the only country in the intersection of several categories ( or not categories ) . 
  latin european but not western nordic but not scandinavian ( well , that will be two i guess ) nordic and an island british islands but not part of the uk in mainland south america and dutch speaking . . and so on according to how many terms ( alpine , balkan , slavic , british isles , etc ) you want to use . 
  intersection sets will sometimes be composed of just one country . 
   so which other european countries would you classify as ` southern but not mediterranean ' ? 
  why should there be more than one for it to be a valid distinction ? 
  is it any less true because it is a distinction which only applies to portugal ? 
  if you want , france and spain , obviously some parts of those countries are very obviously clearly not mediterranean , but they are large countries and you can not generalize for all of those . 
   state has asked belarus to explain origins of belarusian papaya and kiwi export . 
  to be fair , kiwi is not that tropical a fruit . 
  a lot of it is produced in northern italy , northern portugal , new zealand , not really hot places . 
  the other major producers also not tropical . 
  not sure how much cold they can withstand in winter but not totally impossible . 
  and the vines grow relatively fast , faster than fruit trees . 
  belarus could maybe look into it . 
  we are not actually a mediterranean country . 
  the nationals do get it it \u00b4 s not geographically literal , but think culturally close enough . 
  and regarding the food , close enough , but in so many other things we consider mediterranean ( weather , some social customs , cultural ties ) the atlantic shapes very differently . 
  southern but not mediterranean . 
  there are a few , to the northwest mostly , iirc but only really noticeable from extremely good viewpoints like the galata tower ( and now , that is quite a viewpoint ) or more northwards in the bosphorus . 
  if you google a bit you will see what i mean things like this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levent http://www.canstockphoto.com/istanbul-turkey-march-4%3a-skyscrapers-18833581.html http://www.todayszaman.com/blog/ergi-n-hava/turkish-economic-success-and-the-new-poor_311336.html it is a very great city , indeed .
