  somebody once was talking about a famous song from a famous portuguese singer and it was somebody i had never heard of ( jorge whatever ) maybe they picked that tradition from some other community in new jersey . 
  portuguese communities can be pretty far , culturally and politically from portugal . 
  i have been shocked before by hearing stuff portuguese emigrants say , people in america or south africa , spouting stuff ( racist stuff about barack obama , or needing to kill criminals ) which if anybody in portugal would say we would all think the person was crazy . 
  food in funerals is not at all common in portugal today , and more , i never even read of it ever being a custom . 
  and it would show up on historical literature . 
  we do that , before the burial usually , the wake , at night . 
  though it \u00b4 s not usually pre-selected , everybody who can cames and pays their regards , dress code is really lax because the most important thing is people showing up . 
  portuguese funerals are usually fast ( weather related probably ) . 
  it \u00b4 s also a bit different , if somebody old dies at a ripe old age the mood is like that , if it \u00b4 s a sudden unexpected death of somebody really young , the mood is totally different , particularly if it \u00b4 s a somehow unfair death ( disease , victims of an accident or crime ) . 
  the food and drinks at home would mean somebody would need to plan it , arrange , get it , and cutlery and dishes and so on , not something to impose on recently bereaved people . 
  the family might go out for a mean with other family some place , if they are invited by somebody else , or a restaurant . 
  but the family is not expected to host people . 
  that makes more sense but still does not quite work . 
  people are usually buried the day after they die ( depending on circunstances of death or if body is released ) . 
  traditionally the closest family members sit with the body during the night , it \u00b4 s called the wake . 
  expecting people who have been bereaved to provide food to others on short notice is just silly . 
  he is using the first person , it was his , not spain \u00b4 s. 
  it does not mean it became a part of spain . 
  never heard it either and priberam is not listing it . 
  https://www.priberam.pt/dlpo/pesamenteiro it \u00b4 s probably a brazillian thing ( so not r/europe relevant ) . 
  particularly because i have never seen people serve food at funerals in portugal , most people would be disgusted at the concept !, 
  maybe it \u00b4 s a weather thing . 
  in portugal and spain ( and the muslim tradition also ) you try to bury the dead in 24 hours or so . 
  because warmer weather , faster decomposition and smells . 
  the idea of serving food or drinks is not pleasant . 
  in british culture funerals can be days and days , a whole week after somebody died which is a bit shocking . 
  presumably you do not worry so much about the body starting to decompose and smell . 
  never seen food served at funerals or wakes . 
  maybe if somebody is staying there the whole night at the wake , somebody brings them a tupperware container with food . 
  but dead bodies and food , no !, 
  that word does not exist . 
  never heard of it . 
  priberam doesn \u00b4 t list it and if priberam does not list it , likelihood of anybody ever having used it is really low . 
  https://www.priberam.pt/dlpo/pesmenteiro googled it , and all top results are in english about a portuguese word , and some word lists . 
  food is not even served in portuguese funerals !, 
  ~  china they 'll mark it as a gift ( as you said ) locally , it makes no difference if it \u00b4 s a gift or not . 
  customs send you a letter asking you to send proof of purchase , like a credit card invoice or paypal invoice . 
  if unreasonable , they can just not believe it . 
  this is a problem for honest people sometimes , there was this redditor whose mother had shipped them their old camera and customs were being fussy about it . 
   imagine checking every package then taping it up and relabeling it , customs just do n't have the rss . 
  every package from outside europe i got has this little green sticker with a serial number saying customs . 
  i imagine they can x-ray it or something . 
  but a number sticker for every package , no matter how insignificant . 
  charging vat on everything ? 
  even marked gift ? 
  it might backfire indeed . 
  if they need to inspect everything and check out the value of even very small purchases , they might not make more income than expense spent pursuing it . 
  even things marked as below 22 euros or whatever can be inspected and they demand proof of purchase . 
  which vat loophole ? 
  it \u00b4 s not a bug , it \u00b4 s a feature !, 
  though big companies adjust the price after you put up the shipping address , it \u00b4 s pretty noticeable , so they charge you local vat and not uk vat . 
  but until the uk is legally , officially out of the eu , free circulation of goods , people and services is valid , a legal right ( not a loophole ) until the very last second . 
  it \u00b4 s not even that . 
  it \u00b4 s that a lot of sites which sell european wide have their distribution centers in the uk . 
  how will that be handled ? 
  if you are an american/canadian/chinese company , are importing things to your distribution center in the uk and then selling online to the eu ? 
  i don \u00b4 t want to pay tax on it , will of course not want to buy anything above 22 euros from the uk !, 
  it \u00b4 s going to be funny watching trump do no posturing whatsoever about it , and instead decide to pick up a feud with some movie star or something on twitter . 
   on board , `` there were also 20 apprentice sailors , '' the activists said in a statement . 
  `` they pay to make miles on this ship in order to validate their diplomas . '' whoa . 
  20 apprentice sailors in a ship that size . 
  and it fits the sri lankans story of having paid cash to board the ship . 
  now the ship renters might be innocent of willingly smuggling immigrants but they do sound criminally naive and dumb . 
  any developments about asma al assad ? 
  fantastic map , had never seen it . 
  but i was seriously baffled by the 10th island to the left of graciosa , lol . 
  i had to count it all twice . 
  bad choice of the graphic designer , they should have tweaked the tagus . 
  it was even weirder , according to buzzfeed , they were trying to spread rumors he was being unfaithful to his wife with his stepdaughter . 
  all pizzagate about it ... 
   17-year sentence for violations of a ** construction code . 
  ** wow . 
  i was reading about the concerted troll factory/chans/altright half-way concerted attacks on french social media during the presidential elections , pro le pen and of course making up stories about macron . 
  and americans really really do not ** get ** the french . 
  and poor things , somebody thought you can effectively google translate memes !, 
  yeah , put it on google translate , that will convince people i am one of their own and not a foreigner wanting to manipulate your own elections . 
   netherlands , denmark , spain and portugal i only counted the mainland part . 
  mount pico is very clearly on the european plate . 
  and you are counting the british islands , which is not mainland either . 
  ( the canaries and madeira and greenland , yeah , you got a point but 7 islands of the azores are much europe as ireland ) i love stratovolcanos , that map would be way better with some . 
  as it is , the only one counting is what armenia ? 
  and it \u00b4 s not even as good !, 
  it could have been eder also and i would not have minded . 
  did it kill any animals ? 
  according to reports a hail storm in northern spain killed a lot of animals a few days ago . 
  it reminded me of that himalaya lake !, 
  the uk prices are not normal either for anywhere . 
  `` start smart '' is it school uniform promotion ? 
  start school in smart clothes or something ? 
  that looks like a uniform \u00b4 s skirt , the only possible justification for it . 
  the underwear could be part of the same promotion as well , some incredibly cheap school uniform clothes , in limited quantities to bring clients into the store . 
  in britain everybody uses school uniforms so they got lots of very cheap uniform type clothing . 
   `` smart start girls/boys underwear '' is a really strange name . 
  is it school uniform promotion ? 
  start school in smart clothes or something ? 
  that looks like a uniform \u00b4 s skirt . 
  the underwear could be part of the same promotion as well , some incredibly cheap school uniform clothes , in limited quantities to bring clients into the store . 
   r i 'm kind of disappointed by this , as honestly it seems a sensible precaution that would have the added benefit of reducing the price people in the uk pay for chicken . 
  might be the same as washing eggs . 
  allowing some sort of things to be done to food , which might make them safer , might allow lower quality , less safe ( microbiologically ) food to pass the minimum requirements .
