  i hope it is ilegal !, 
  but not totally sure - if it was a medical act , then piercing shops , or jewellery shops or even claire \u00b4 s acessories would not be able to do it , to teens or adults . 
  ~ ~ if it \u00b4 s not ilegal , at least it \u00b4 s the tackiest thing imaginable , babies with earrings ~ ~ according from stories from older people it was done to baby girls at home . 
  but then again back then most children were also born at home . 
  infant mortality rates back then were not quite the same . 
   if they are anyone 's property , then it 's their parents . 
  they are not property . 
  they are citizens , and they are all under the protection of the state , which has a responsibility to ensure their unalienable rights ( life , health , education and quite a few others ) are being respected by their parents . 
  unfortunately yes , i have seen . 
  it \u00b4 s much more rare now , and usually you can stereotype the groups of people likely to have it done , but hey , you need to be able to look at a very young baby and instantly be able to tell its gender !, 
  totally important ( for some people ! ) . 
  hence pierced ears , all pink clothing and some very unsafe looking clothes and acessories - massive hairbands , rhinestones , stuff like that . 
  should be ilegal imo . 
  unnecessary risk of infection - not sure outlawing it would make a difference , since traditionally people did it at home with sewing needles . 
   3 . be very , very careful with organizing security in order for points 1 . and 2 . to not happen . 
  that would be the objective , i think . 
  because regarding serbia football it is getting kind of scandalous . 
  too much to hope something will finally be done , this time ? 
  not that the players thought it remarkable enough to stop their golf game ... golfers ... 
  rather than just judge by total number of refugees by country , since countries can only give asylum to people who apply to that country and fulfills conditions , and asylum requests are not equally divided by all countries check here , from eurostat 2013 data , though not divided by country http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/file:first_instance_decisions_on_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_applications , _ 2013 _ ( number , _ rounded_figures ) _ yb15.png, 
   some countries really do n't lift their share of the load . 
  really ? 
  you realize refugees are free and able to decide where they want t ask asylum where ? 
  portugal had a famous case , where 100 + refugees with fake passports forced their way into a portuguese plane in bissau airport and pilot was threatened to carry them to lisbon - logically he got the hell out and let it all sort out in lisbon . 
  refugees did not want to ask for asylum here not with their real names and tried to go to germany or france as soon as they could . 
  and trust me , they would have been safe enough , shelter and food here . 
  all countries are free to decide their own definition of decent humane treatment of refugees , within what those countries can afford . 
  but if some countries are offering much much more than others , both physically and in other opportunities , do you think the countries which do not offer more are really `` not lifting their share of the load '' ? 
  what do you propose to do ? 
  make everybody offer the same conditions ? 
  fine , but it \u00b4 s got to be levelled out at what the poorest countries can afford . 
  redistribute the refugees regardless of where they want to be ? 
  check current data http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/file:number_of_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_applicants_in_the_eu_and_efta_member_states , _ by_age_distribution , _ 2013 _ ( 1 ) _ yb15.png http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/file:first_instance_decisions_on_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_applications , _ 2013 _ ( number , _ rounded_figures ) _ yb15.png portugal asylum requests in 2013 - 500 requests , 305 decisions , 170 rejected sweden requests - 54270 requests , 24105 decisions , 20990 rejected something must be done indeed - so some countries are not much more attractive than others . 
  i appreciate it . 
  send pastries . 
  see ? 
  they are right in the article after all !, 
  never admitted this in real life though  if i admit cinnamon and cardamom rolls are awesome and the perfect light pastry , are we good ? 
  ( is true , anyways ), 
  i have had cups of coffee multiple times in all but one of the scandinavian countries . 
  i doubt the other country is much different so yes . 
  if it is any consolation , not counting immigrants not sure you can get a decent coffee in europe in latitudes more northern than say geneva ( and even south is not a given , all of spain for example . 
  and wait am i including istanbul ? ) . 
  it is a cultural thing - i do not like pot coffee and it is not normal to me . 
  if you drunk a liter of local strength coffee you would quite literally end up in an emergency room . 
  full of water . 
  i don \u00b4 t like your coffee . 
  i like coffee just fine , just not when you guys make it , because let \u00b4 s face it , you can \u00b4 t actually make coffee . 
  i never had the courage to confess this face to face and usually just ask tea and lie and say i do not drink coffee , but that is the real reason . 
  i like the pastries you guys have with coffee very much though . 
  so to you the continents are africa , south and north america , oceania , europe and asia and '' the middle east '' ? 
  does not make sense to me . 
  russia is partly asian . 
  siberians according to where they live will certainly be asians . 
  might be ethnic european or not but then again europeans of asian ancestry are europeans . 
  vladivostok is not europe . 
  st petersburg is . 
  - and so is west istanbul . 
  continents , learnt it in primary school . 
  owner of building except in a few cases does not require permission to remove them as long as they are replaced by something equivalent . 
  it will be almost never the owner almost always , or always , looters . 
   off-topic ; it 's funny how you guys say asian about pretty much anyone from east of greece . 
  where do you think asia starts ? 
  middle eastern is asian right ? 
  almost all of the middle east is with asia , or are there any subtleties of geography ( egypt ? 
  i am missing ? 
  are there any russian oligarchs with a monopoly on apples or something ? 
  because apples , i can not see how russia could instantly up their own production in a few months ( trees do not grow that fast ) , if they are cutting eu fruit , prices of russian apples will rise a lot - it would be face saving to import still apples from belarus and spare consumers some cash . 
   simple , small individual decorative tiles start at 20 euros ( $ 24 ) for 18th-century varieties and 8 euros for 19th-century examples . 
  be prepared to pay 50 euros or more for 17th-century tiles and at least 100 euros for those from the 16th century . 
  does not matter what any press , even the ny times says , please do not buy old portuguese tiles . 
  ever . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/rosapomar/14989599589 provenance is never legal and it \u00b4 s destroying a lot of buildings and other art - literally destroying buildings , since to remove a decent unbroken tile you break many more and leave the wall unfinished and exposed to water and erosion . 
  do not buy old portuguese tiles . 
  please . 
  the historical factories still exist and will be happy to sell you new ones , which might be precisely identical to the old ones , since they are made by the same company still . 
  yes . 
  so lovely people , but the concept of queuing . . 
  i love it . 
  the people who will address important issues such as jumping queues or putting feet up in other subway seats . 
  i am not being sarcastic or joking , taking queues seriously is * very * important and it \u00b4 s disappointing how some european countries do not seem to get it ( the uk does though ) . 
  what ? 
  i never heard any such thing about this particularly installation and google is finding nothing in portuguese about it . 
  the umbrellas were an installation done in summer , for a couple years they were eventually removed but as planned in the end of the summer . 
  i doubt they would still look cool after a year in place !, 
  the name of roman provinces are not usually translated to modern terms , even if modern terms have evolved from that word , since borders have changed a lot since then . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hispania  `` was the roman name for the iberian peninsula . '', 
   the latin term hispania was often used during antiquity and the high middle ages as a geographical name for the iberian peninsula , but its modern cognates , spain and spanish have become increasingly associated with the kingdom of spain alone , after the union of the central peninsular kingdom of castile with the eastern peninsular kingdom of aragon in the 15th century under the catholic monarchs . 
  other examples britannia germania ( both ) judaea gallia when using the latin term to these provinces in modern english , we almost always meant the historical province in the past . 
  sorry if this is news to you and personally disappointing . 
  such is life . 
  the term hispania is not a synonim of spain . 
  we are discussing this in english about correct terms in english usage , so let \u00b4 s use the english definitions . 
  particularly because , and i can not help noticing this sorry , if you want to quibble about the term in portuguese `` penins\u00fala hisp\u00e2nica '' , put the accents in the right place , you language expert arguing semantics on reddit !, 
  and no i never heard anybody call it that , they would sound idiotic to be inventing new names to a geography item whose name they should know . 
  but back to english : hispania - correct when describing the roman province . 
  i think correct as well when describing the visigoths up to say , the arab conquest . 
  not correct , imo , when describing anything before rome ever started to meddle round here . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hispania   . 
  the latin term hispania was often used during antiquity and the high middle ages as a geographical name for the iberian peninsula , but its modern cognates , spain and spanish have become increasingly associated with the kingdom of spain alone , after the union of the central peninsular kingdom of castile with the eastern peninsular kingdom of aragon in the 15th century under the catholic monarchs .
