  the new church apparently can seat 9000 people , and according to people i know ( who are themselves elderly and frail ) , it \u00b4 s very comfortable , heating , air conditioning , slopes rather than steps , i am very glad they go there instead of standing outside !, 
  the old church sat what , maybe 800 ? 
  an order of magnitude , thousands of people are more comfortable and in a healthier environment for the elderly and frail . 
  ( plus , and i am going to hell for this , the new church looks just like an ufo ... ), 
   but i guess i just expected the entire site to be somewhat less ... developed , for lack of a better word , in general . 
  i have heard it compared to the disneyland of catholic religious tourism and that was meant as a compliment , regarding it all being manicured and well planned out for managing very large crowds and all kinds of smiling people out there to help you out go someplace you want to go ( and expensive things to buy and eat , if you want ) . 
  and it \u00b4 s not that bad actually when compared to to some other religious sites . 
  for a lot of people there religious experience is not so much about an awe inspiring building ( or if it is , it \u00b4 s about the tiny so simple little white so portuguese chapel under the awning , not the big churches ) , it \u00b4 s the presence at the important days , namely the candle ceremony on the night and of course the pilgrimage on foot . 
  i was talking to somebody who says he goes every september on foot from lisbon , like a holiday , for the peace and quiet he said he felt once he got there . 
  i know an atheist ( actually maybe more than one , though never discussed religion with the others , but they are not at all people likely to believe in miracles and such ) who did the pilgrimage on foot as a group . 
  it \u00b4 s weird . 
  the foot pilgrimage is as far as i know kind of unique to portugal - many do the route of santiago has some kind of hippie non religious thing , but the scope of the may pilgrimage is really unusual . 
   but i definitely expected something that brought more feelings of awe or wonder than a fancy convention centre . 
  do you mean the modern basilica ? 
  there are two , the old one . 
  the new basilica have been told is very comfortable and very convenient for those elderly and disabled , which is kind of its function . 
  they did also , i am told an interesting job with the landscaping it , both basilicas make a very large plaza , and they raised street levels for easier circulation and so on . 
  the joana de vasconcelos art piece is horrible though . 
  but the truly important religiously building is the apparition chapel ( and tree ) , which obviously was very small , so they build that shell around it . 
   i have stumbled upon beautiful churches in tiny little towns that shocked me with how disproportionate they were to the size of the community they were in often the population just shrunk and moved to the seaside . 
  and 20th century architecture , well it \u00b4 s a mixed bag . 
  this is why when we finished the reconquista , we looked around and said , nah , we \u00b4 re good , let \u00b4 s go plant some trees to build some boats later on . 
  90 % of the population of mainland portugal is outside the pink areas . 
  i was actually thinking , because of this church , i don \u00b4 t give enough credit to the portuguese catholic church and fatima . 
  suddenly i think it so much better than i thought this morning !, 
   it reminds me of the first time i went to fatima and i had expected one of the beautiful and ancient churches well , the apparitions were in 1917 , so it would have been very prescient of them indeed to have built an ancient church way before the event . 
  1917 , could not have been an ancient church at all . 
  and give them the credit of not having used gold , gone for symmetry apart from the tree and apparition chapel and just not on the same level as this one at all . 
   the towers are n't mismatched , they are built in the same style , the difference is that one is shorter than the church while the other one is taller , which gives the church a triangular composition when looking at it from the front . 
  the towers are not mismatched ? 
  the proportions are totally different . 
  i went looking for front photos to make sure , and it \u00b4 s harming my brain , but the left colonnade has 6 windows/arches , the right colonnade has 5 !, 
    some rather stupid dead space ( versus the window of the tower being too close ) in the junction of colonnade with tower , at the left tower . 
   i do n't know what you are exactly talking about here . 
  i believe you don \u00b4 t know , that is precisely the problem . 
  the rhythm of the windows , the dead space without windows in the colonnade in relation to the junction between colonnade and tower . 
  the tower \u00b4 s side window is too close to the opening to the colonnade , the colonnade window is too far ...  do n't see anything wrong with those . 
  you don \u00b4 t and let \u00b4 s agree we have very different tastes , and i feel very grateful for that !, 
   i do n't see anything blue , though https://www.tripadvisor.com/locationphotodirectlink-g1600887-d2647517-i158596003-basilica_of_our_lady_of_lichen-lichen_stary_greater_poland_province_cen.html http://www.thevisitor.pl/index.php?id=473 the little conical cilinder holding the crown , something of the pediment below the third stage of the tower . 
   you did n't say why any of this is bad all of it together makes it quite quite bad . 
  like a track suit with sequins and lace and glitter and some intentional rips . 
  any of it can look cool and charming , all together is almost impossible to not be horrible and trashy . 
  please don \u00b4 t tell me what you are currently wearing , this church is all i can handle . 
   you have said not one concrete thought or argument on why this building is bad . 
  lol . 
  builder and architect were german . 
  and trust me , lots less dumb architectural or incongruent details there . 
  i did above  the mismatched towers are unspeakable . 
  mismatched colonnades , i mean seriously how difficut would it be t make symmetrical . 
  all those spires in the corner of the left tower ... mismatched towers and colonnades , nobody will notice it if we use a lot of gold . 
  some rather stupid dead space ( versus the window of the tower being too close ) in the junction of colonnade with tower , at the left tower . 
  wtf are those spires in the corners at the first level of the left tower , spikes to prevent angels from landing on it and shitting on it ? 
  ( good taste of those angels ) . 
  the jutting balcony at that first level anyway , i mean why , and i bet an interesting drainage problem . 
  now , let \u00b4 s not ignore the right tower , so all that strict neoclassical windows and gold and blue , and it \u00b4 s that a cement spiral ramp on the inside visible throughout ? 
  i do not like at all the taste of anybody who thinks that is a beautiful building . 
  europeans are quite bad at building , making really tacky horrible buildings . 
  we can do horrible buildings , but we tend to do those when we go brutalist . 
  it \u00b4 s the middle east , some parts of asia which really do this type of gaudy horrors . 
  but congratulations poland , this is indeed something . 
  this is what , a 100km radius , overall ? 
  it 's insane . 
  it \u00b4 s normal to me . 
  as days with 35 degrees and then cooling down to 14 with a breeze - poor tourists who did not bring anything warm , or go out to dinner in shorts and tank tops . 
  and then there is madeira , you are in the soiuth coast and want to go to north coast , and in 15 minutes , without losing sight of the sea , it \u00b4 s 15-20 degrees less and foggy ... 
   it 's not a bad piece of architecture . 
  it \u00b4 s the worst piece of architecture i have seen in a long time . 
  tastes vary , that church is shockingly bad , i was not joking when i said it \u00b4 s the mcmansion frankenstein monster of churches . 
  symmetry is not necessary for architecture , and neither is ornamentation , but good architecture uses balance , respects languages and codes . 
  modern architecture can be assymetric , but even so there must be a balance of proportions , shapes . 
  if you are freeing yourself from the restraint of symmetry , free yourself from unnecessary ornamentation for ornamentation \u00b4 s sake . 
  architects , lovers of symmetry , people who looked at it and felt the need to bleach their eyes . 
  it 's very very bad and very gaudy architecture . 
  i did n't downvote it but i am quite sure i look at it very differently than who had it made . 
  and cooked in the vegetable-meat broth , oh yes , sounds like a good idea . 
  i want . 
  a mcmansion church . 
  somebody mail it to the mcmansions blog . 
  the mismatched towers are unspeakable . 
  mismatched colonnades , i mean seriously how difficut would it be t make symmetrical . 
  all those spires in the corner of the left tower ... 
  it looks incredibly close to a cozido \u00e0 portuguesa , apart maybe from the things at left , what are those ? 
  if that is the forecast for friday , maybe , but today is perfectly decent . 
  ipma is saying a max of 33 for lisbon , that is currently 31 degrees in the airport station . 
  i am wearing short sleeves . 
  it \u00b4 s uv 10 which is more noticeably and extreme , i am actually feeling it on my skin . 
  lol , we can do better than that . 
  go from setubal to sintra , which is some 40 km ( from some places in lisbon you can see both palmela and pena castles ) . 
  where you can be in the beach in caparica and be 35 and sunny and you look at sintra hills and it \u00b4 s cloudy and you see rain ... 
  that temperature scale is ridiculously inappropriate for portugal . 
  goes to -24 but stops at 46 . 
  11 degrees is yellow which is totally misleading to portugal . 
  21 degrees is orange . 
  31 degrees is very dark red , that is about the time when we start wearing short sleeves and sandals . 
  awful map scale . 
  it might not be about going out necessarily . 
  but stuff like trying a new restaurant every week , having an appartment on your own ( this one is a biggie ) , getting enough spare money for savings or travelling or consumer goods . 
  maybe the plan is to guillotine him . 
  two points about it : - even if it were nice when you are young , presumably you will want to progress in your career and maybe start a family . 
  it \u00b4 s a bad idea if you know your company headquarteres , the senior positions are there .
