  explain pls ? 
  ~  it seems clear that the opposition will refuse to approve it when the vote comes and we will get to that when it happens . 
  i actually think we are still at the bluffing and raising stakes stage , we will see next week ,  cavaco is at the end of his presidential term and can not call for new elections ( the constitution does n't allow it ) . 
  we would need to wait for a new president which will only be elected in april . 
  only then could new elections be called . 
  and parliament can not be dissolved on its first 6 months anyway . 
  good analysis of possibilities . 
  don \u00b4 t worry about that in my account . 
  i think no system is perfect , i just see advantages and disadvantages in both . 
  i think it is interesting to think about it though , but like i said perfection in human societies is unlikely . 
   nevertheless , jeronimo or catarina ( sadly if it confirms ) will have more power than clegg could ever hope for . 
  not for very long . 
  not both . 
   tell me , is there any country with a sound democracy where there are only two options to form a government ? 
  have you thought that maybe that is natural ? 
  in the lack of particularly individual characteristics ( like independentism , like a particular social concern ) in any sufficiently large stable democracy parties evolve , and most people \u00b4 s political opinions will not be wildly different , but there will be some agreement on a lot of social and political matters . 
  so the two parties closer to that mean will obviously be the ones more likely to be elected for government . 
  but parties are themselves elected , they receive feedback in the form of election results , if those parties in the mean and the `` average '' , `` median '' of the voters became too far apart , another leader will push the party back to become more attractive again . 
  it can be more complicated than just two parties , but the natural number is two , because there is the risk of partiess seeming too redundant with another . 
  parties might not necessarily always be the same , some appear and disapper , consider for example what happened to the whigs in the usa or consider also in the usa the total reversal of roles between democrats and republicans since the foundation of the republican party , with fdr and then johnson totally changing things . 
  and there are founder \u00b4 s effects , if a party already exists , it already has mechanisms , people , volunteers in place . 
   why did you ignore the ukip issue i put up ? 
  because that is a totally different matter . 
  that is a their representation system and it \u00b4 s your way of thinking that there must be some sort of wider , national electoral circles and that somehow is more proper or democratic than the british method that in each circle , you vote for the person and that is your mp . 
  you can read on the pro and cons of both methods , and that is far more complex than we could discuss on reddit . 
  but to decry direct representation as undemocratic is just nonsense . 
  when they vote , they know who they are electing . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if i am electing the 13th or 14th or 7th name in a list of people in which i had so say previously to just voting , not knowing who i am voting in . 
   nick clegg was largely irrelevant , somewhat like paulo portas in portugal but with even less power . 
  and what do you think jeronimo de sousa or catarina martins would be in a government ? 
  if you are talking about uk circles and direct representation , now that i give you , it is a different matter than bipartisanship and a very interesting one . 
  and didn \u00b4 t you notice about scottish independentist ? 
  so not quite bipartisan . 
  do you remember nick clegg ? 
  he was around till this very year ? 
  i am not even going to google anything . 
  that a mostly bipartisan sistem is non-democratic just because it tends to bipolarization is a non-sense notion . 
   and then the parliament can just reject the said government which it might do . 
  and then guess who remains as government in functions ? 
  with a monthly budget . 
  if anybody is worried about irresponsible spending or increases in deficit well , a government in functions can \u00b4 t have a deficit . 
   i really hope for new election a year on from now , hope ? 
  you can bet . 
  early june imo . 
  well depending on internal ps politics and how that congress in january/february goes like . 
   a fake democracy like britain ah that fake democracy of them , how terrible of them , they have been faking democracy continuously for at least 200 year . 
  seriously ? 
   uhh . . surely you should base that on what they actually agree to in the coalition agreement ? 
  and not just a kneejerk reaction of `` how come they are dealing with xxx '' ? 
  the problem is there is no agreement . 
  they had two weeks to negotiate , deadlines , and not once did all 3 parties lock themselves in a room and talked . 
  we have no idea who would be on government , what issues they would have a parliamentary agreement on , what they want to do about budget deficit , no data . 
  just bullshit bluffing . 
   which is completely legal and if the parties agree they can do it . 
  sure it is legal . 
  and it \u00b4 s essential to see current political bluffing and posturing with that in mind but that is why there is a constitutional safeguard in place , which is that only the president can decide who will form government . 
  it \u00b4 s more complicated than that , it is also about political leadership and all . 
  and costa lost the elections , the expectations , the requests were for absolute majority . 
  i will show you the polls for the last 4 years here http://www.popstar.pt/sondagens.php now , this making an agreement between 3 parties and get a majority of parliament to back your candidate might sound in practice if you read a couple articles for a couple days . 
  in practice , it sounds far more unlikely to work , they have not told anything , they went nowhere , there is no plan , no commitments . 
  all the message going through is `` stop passos from being pm '' . 
  and what about the deficit ? 
  irs reimbursements ? 
  position on angolan political prisoners ( where be and pcp would have extremely different positions !, 
  that is a really good question . 
  i don \u00b4 t know the answer , i never checked . 
  the issue is that the current government , is more pro- budget balanced than the left . 
  not sure how it is on sweden , i think this might work better if a government is given a lower budget than what they want . 
  if a government is given a higher budget than what they want to spend , not sure they can force government to spend it . 
  maybe they can force tax cuts or reimbursements but that has the potential to backfire catastrophically really fast - and it might well split ps as a party , because they got important ties to people which actually want to keep the economy running and growing . 
  it didn \u00b4 t fall . 
  that was my point . 
  not even sure what actually happened ( though i believe about the sms . 
  i got a personal theory about that ) . 
  any left coalition is going to be way more inherently unstable , particularly when nobody is actually giving details or any real plan . 
  is that something to worry about ? 
  big changes in ministries ? 
  cavaco opening his mouth , yeah , sure something for us all to worry about / s ( or maybe not / s ) but unstable politically , to me , means something far more worrying . 
  like what is coming . 
  great post . 
  thank you for taking the time , it \u00b4 s useful even to portuguese . 
   the government will probably fail in the parliament vote . 
  however , it is possible that some deputies from ps , that are against agreements with the left ( and maybe even the pan guy ) , may abstain in a `` vote of no confidence '' or in the budget vote . 
  yes . 
  also interesting yesterday \u00b4 s vote , on a formally important but mostly honorific matter , the election of ferro rodrigues as president of parliament , which is a secret vote , and supposedly all the left would rally round ferry rodrigues . 
  negr\u00e3o got 108 votes ( coalition has 107 mps ) 2 blank votes . 
  in a public vote , where people might be blamed personally and that might enter into say , party leadership debates i think it might be even more worrying . 
  the government keeps control of public administration and budget . 
  it won \u00b4 t be able to call new loans i think so in effect it will have to run with 0 deficit , money in is money out - plus the famous pillows being hoarded . 
  so more austerity with no government than the austerity we have had so far ( minus the pillows of course which give some manouver ) . 
  if something is cut , if there is no irs return , impopular moves , well there is no budget approved . 
   your problem seems to be not understanding how elections work . 
  i understand how elections work very well . 
  i understand how parties work also . 
  and if they have a government plan after elections to propose a new thing into portuguese politics , they had a deadline and 2 and a half weeks to plan it . 
  so they could tell us who would they propose form government ( all 3 parties ? 
  or if they would reach a parliamentary agreement and on what , what would be the plan , what would be the policy regarding things for example budget and deficit . 
  and present that publicly before talking to the president . 
  because i saw nothing but vague assurances , jeronimo and catarina ( as they should in self interest ) promised costa everything but committed to little . 
  bluffing and games , and portugal be fucked .
