  i guess that is usual in many other places ? 
  see ? 
  that is just something we would not realize you would not know . 
  sweet water sailor , you . 
  you can \u00b4 t outswim a current . 
  it \u00b4 s not about being to swim or even being good at swimming . 
  for survival at the beach you don \u00b4 t need to even be able to swim , just to be cautious . 
  and know some waves ocasionally are much meaner than all the others and are out to get your personally . 
  the atlantic has formed out national character . 
  but seriously , nobody can outswim some currents . 
  even summer mode is not reliable . 
  i can remember lots of drownings even in mid august . 
  and september living tides are the worse . 
  they have no idea about tides . 
  the mediterranean ( and other enclosed seas ) almost does not have them . 
  and no idea about tides , no idea about tidal currents either . 
  i have lost count of how many tourists seem to think it \u00b4 s the mediterranean . 
  or if they know it \u00b4 s not , they just don \u00b4 t * get * it . 
  somebody was warning potential tourists about sunscreen on another thread , so just mentioning , opening day of beach season was may day , a holiday . 
  4 people dead of drowning , 3 foreigners and a portuguese surfer who died when his group managed to save a foreigner couple . 
  watch it out there , people . 
  ( and not even a full or new moon , or stormy ) . 
  the sea is a more important warning . 
  maybe i should post . 
  it is a very large percentage of the refugees assigned to us !, 
  we did not pick those , nor did they self-pick , so assuming the sample is random , maybe it \u00b4 s representative , since the number is around 500 already . 
  the stairs are a recent improvement , mid 20th century . 
  the places which were stairs traditionally are called escadinhas not becos . 
  in the mid 20th century there was this big programme to prettify ( and to turn more `` traditional '' ) parts of alfama , which is when a lot of these stairs were built . 
  a lot of people i know are a bit overweight or even obese - and lots of them at some time do diet ( wrongly or rightly ) , or exercise , and often lose weight and gain weight . 
  they might not be in total control of their weight but they do try for control . 
  they have not done the `` completely let yourself go '' thing the op mentions as a perspective for a nice life . 
  the couple people i am talking about are the ones with whom i am close enough to know well their relationship with their weight and who have indeed stopped worrying about their weight a long time ago , and sadly am just warning of the drawbacks of that to that as seen from my point of view . 
   it will just get a little wider around the waste . 
  a couple people close to me have given up , or never wanted it anyway , any personal responsibility about their weight . 
  i don \u00b4 t comment on real life , their bodies , their right , but it makes me really sad to see how it limits their lives particularly now they are getting older ( 30s and 40s , not so old yet ) . 
  they might think it \u00b4 s just a detail , i see how it is limiting their lives . 
  not just the health problems which are starting to show up , but stuff like reduced mobility ( in my city it \u00b4 s a problem ) and actually not going some places because of stairs or hills i would not even notice . 
  needing to think if a seat is strong enough for them ( which was just mind gobbling and sad to think they need to worry about that ) , a complaint about lack of choice in clothes and being unhappy with their clothes choices often , complaining of doctors not taking them seriously ( not sure how much is not mutual also ) , not doing other stuff . 
  i wish i could help them , i can \u00b4 t do much but can keep my mouth shut and not make them feel bad . 
  but in case somebody is tempted and can still decide otherwise , letting `` yourself go '' ( on anything ) always has a cost . 
  i am not crazy about mediterranean beaches . 
  the sand is all wrong , too thick , too dark , or non existent . 
  no tides . 
  no proper waves . 
  it \u00b4 s too lake-y . 
  different strokes for different people i guess . 
  but for a beach i want a proper ocean for it to feel like a real beach . 
  i remember posting on some news about it on this very sub a few times in the past and there is been an interesting development which seems to have gone unnoticed . 
  spain has reversed its recent-ish 2013 cheeky ( imo ) claim on a eez expansion in the area northwest of the canaries and southwest of madeira which touched portuguese eez claims . 
  done without fanfarre , and without ( as far as i can tell ) any notice from spanish media , directly from the un site , [ this document ] ( http://www.un.org/depts/los/clcs_new/submissions_files/esp77_14/prt_re_esp77_spa.pdf ) ( in spanish , sorry ) the claim is confusing to explain - there is a small archipelago which is portuguese territory which is technically dependent from madeira but closer to the canaries the [ selvagens or savage islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/savage_islands ) currently a nature park under really strict environment ministry supervision . 
  the spanish claim was not about the islands , but whether the islands were islands or rocks and if those were rocks or islands matters for eez expansion to the west and where the border between portuguese and spanish western ( east it touches morocco ) eez \u00b4 s should be . 
  it \u00b4 s a relatively noticeable slice of the atlantic ocean . 
  spain reversed the claim without fanfarre , hoping it would go unnoticed ( imo ) . 
  my interpretion is they had foreword the claim would be rejected and are hoping to not get an official rejection from the committee and hopefully then negotiate with portugal for a more favorable border than they would get from the committee ( but portuguese foreign affairs ministry has ignored this document and remained silent , and if they were going to give any concessions they would try to gain political clout by pointing at this resolution in advance as preparation to give concessions in the future ) . 
  so i guess , back to normal . 
  no word yet from the committee arbitrating the eez borders . 
  totally coincidentally i am sure , oil fields have been found in the canary islands , relatively close by ( though with current oil prices , i am sure not economical to explore ), 
  ( nah , seriously , no , we are not into patriotic jingoism stuff . 
  but it \u00b4 s fun to point at the hypocrisy ) . 
  it \u00b4 s the oldest continuously inhabited city in western europe . 
  1755 was just the most recent earthquake . 
  there is a reason people have been continuously living here since at least neanderthal ages , it \u00b4 s a very very nice location . 
  sea , river , beaches , nice sea food , not too cold in winter , not too hot in summer , big deep water port , nice airport . 
  we build seismic resistant structures now . 
  nobody wants to move to porto or whatever if they can afford being in lisbon . 
  it rains a lot , it \u00b4 s cold in winter and sometimes in summer , there are not enough trees or parks , the beaches all suck , there is no sintra and no arr\u00e1bida and no monsanto . 
  nope , it \u00b4 s an excuse for the first arraial of the year on the eve !, 
  arraial on the 9th of june !, 
  sardine season opening . 
  it would be the best category possible of all . 
  think of the youtube hits !, 
  one biker , one passenger , who would be the winning team ? 
   maybe they could build a modern underground funicular for castle hill ( like istanbul ) or escalators ( like medellin ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  there are some easier routes , using publicly acessible elevators , but there are not easy accesses to all possibly interesting streets and alleys and miradouros . 
  nor should it , imo , be a priority : nowadays those areas are mostly for tourists , and public spending should be for the benefit of the taxpayers , not of tourists with mobility issues . 
  we already got enough problems sharing the truly functionally public transportation with tourists , better reinforce the truly useful lines for residents . 
  modern lines ? 
  modern trams ? 
  on castle hill ? 
  lol . 
  there are modern trams for belem line but it would not work absolutely for castle hill . 
  and trams are more expensive and liable to be blocked so they prefer to invest in the subway or buses, 
  forget it . 
  trams in tourist season , the queue is hundreds of people , they are totally packed , so at least an hour \u00b4 s wait and not pleasant . 
  supposedly very dangerous with pickpockets . 
  even for locals , the trams are no longer usable , which really pisses me off , because i love them and a couple lines would be really useful to me , but instead i must pick the car . 
  i would pay to see a bycicle rickshaw with passengers climbing castle hill . 
  or cal\u00e7ada do combro , 
  they have stuck around for a few years . 
  ok weather days ocasionally year round , so that makes it nice enough for the rest of the year ( they pack fleece blankets and so on ) and there are the hills . 
  tuktuks stuck because of a lot of the older or less fit tourists find them very useful to to the hilltop historical attractions . 
  in lisbon there is a special appeal to them . 
  tourists get here , arrive in downtown and want to go to the castle or bairro alto , they look up and rather than climbing , they see the appeal of being driven up the hills . 
  i suspect that was why the gimmick stuck . 
  the hills in central lisbon can be hardcore . 
  more common than heating probably . 
  most offices and large shops and malls and buses and so on . 
  home use depends but it increases every summer .
