  riot police is not the same as militarized police at all . 
  militarized police means they got structure and training and some historical things like the military and that they might have some heavier armament ( and animals ) and can be mobilized in war . 
  not all militarized police are trained as riot police , very few will be and even fewer actually ever act like it . 
  the rest just do regular police work riot police can be made of non militarized police officers - we have both kinds . 
  and there are special things , dogs for search and rescue or drug detecting which can also be done by either kind of police . 
  is that enough for a full time job ? 
  is n't there conflict between forces if they occupy same space physically and jurisdictions overlap ? 
  if anything i would think a sole police force to be more efficient but there are advantages to the system and it seems to work for us . 
  both the guards and the police have specially trained riot corps i think - though a lot of things like football matches are done by local corps in regular uniforms but presumably with special training . 
  traffic police is a department of the gendarmerie , guarda nacional republicana . 
  the regular police is called policia de seguran\u00e7a publica , let \u00b4 s call it police for short - they are responsible for policing towns and villages past a certain size . 
  then you have the gendarmeries which police the rest ( countryside ) and have some other special duties , since they are more military like , like guarding the president , guarding city parks ( horses !, 
  ) , etc. 
  there are a few more branches of police ( judiciary which investigates serious crimes , and coast police which are a branch of the navy and so on ) . 
  the guards are the ones with special car patrols and supposed to patrol the roads and coordinate traffic safety nationwide . 
  on cities often parking policing is delegated on a private police force for the town administration . 
  real police try to not get involved in that !, 
  the gendarmerie is what is usually sent to police foreign trouble areas - timor , kosovo , but they are sent as police , just police with military resources . 
  they do not really use that kind of equipment in everyday stuff . 
  seriously , it does not make a difference what you call it or if some is more militarized or not . 
  you kind of expect the same from either branch . 
  very precious . 
  should i not call things croissant ? 
  `` flaky crescent pastry '' ? 
  strudel ? 
  portuguese egg tart sounds vile and full of innuendo and associates it with that vile chinese fake version they serve at dim-sum which is totally * totally * always wrong . 
  there is a wikipedia article in english http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pastel_de_nata so it \u00b4 s not that obscure . 
  one leg 94 euros or return 94 euros ? 
  94 euros for one leg , two hour flight , it \u00b4 s still not bargain basement cheap and yeah i usually get tray meals ( even if it \u00b4 s a sandwich and a yogurt or `` fruit '' , or my favorite icecream ! ), 
  on cheaper flights . 
  94 euros for return , ok , yeah but still a sad sad effort . 
  good point !, 
  and the daily allowance of sugar as well ... 
  that is a sad excuse for a meal . 
  i was expecting frites and mussels or at least some delicious chocolate . 
  it \u00b4 s a sad industrial waffle . 
  it \u00b4 s sad the point at which we are getting . 
  ( and some national stereotypes seem to be true . 
  i got 4 milka chocolates in 4 lufthansa flights in 4 days . 
  tap does serve pasteis de nata ocasionally and the wine is often very good - lufthansa beer otoh is a winner . 
  but sad to think those are the two only airlines i flew in recently which bother with meals ), 
  so russia is claiming they are detecting drones from a foreign country over the sovereign territory of another foreign country ? 
  and is anybody else other than the usa and ukraine supposed to care about it ? 
  the other 6 % are using the company phone abroad . 
  this might explain why , contrary to fame , i always thought parisians quite nice and friendly . 
  saying good morning-goodafternoon to everybody is pretty standard in my country , just rude not to . 
  was the wave mcnamara surfed last year or the year before not taller ? 
  or was it not certified or something ? 
  i admit it has got to be difficult to measure how tall is a wave which is always moving against a moving ocean is , but the mcnamara wave looked even more impressive . 
  though record or not , nevermind the numbers , kudos , brave men indeed , those are waves you hear and feel kms from the coast . 
  probably this lullaby from the azores , olhos negros https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ciyxscj5ss, 
  it was before my time to really know . 
  also keep in mind we had a revolution in 1974 , and that was a kind of paradigm shift in what was considered politically correct or not . 
  some things could seem reactionary ( and that is a word which is interesting on itself ) or maybe wannabe fascist ( real fascists , though sort of softcore fascism if going by other european examples ) . 
  but maybe you can compare with the situation in east timor ? 
  the portuguese population was very steadfast at supporting a political solution for their independence and self-determination for decades , but i think there were major differences , including the timing . 
  though you know there are far more closer historical ties to goa , dam\u00e3o and diu than to east timor which is much farther back . 
  heck , even some of the most important navy shipyards were in india for 3 ( ? ), 
  centuries ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  my native language is portuguese btw , and do not think it has a much larger vocabulary . 
  it is actually blessedly nice in one thing , the verbal conjugation being so simple and easy , it is much easier to start learning to read english because you are not stumbling all the time over obscure verbal conjugations . 
  the temperatures , at least regarding here ( portugal ) , do not say enough of how weird this winter has been . 
  if you average things about , this past year has not been too cold or too hot or too anything . 
  but it was cold sooner than it used to , we had red weather alerts !, 
  i hardly ever see those , but this year there were lots including for heat in july . 
  biggest wind storm in decades , tons of trees which fell . 
  sea conditions pretty bad this past month or so - ( no fresh fish for days !, 
  thank goodness for frozen , but fresh fish is pretty important  ) . 
  and yeah last friday , in lisbon looking all mild and nice on this map , when temperatures were 6 degrees or so , about normal , some 40 cms of ice balls fell from the sky in a few minutes . 
  it \u00b4 s been a fucking weird year . 
  it is not snow . 
  it has snowed a couple times and snow is different , light and melts faster . 
  nope , this was even weirder . 
  this was real ice ( it was not even that cold , maybe 6 or 8 degrees ) balls , some bigger some smaller , falling down from the sky with the biggest thunderstorm i ever seen . 
  plus it took much longer to melt than just snow . 
  i am really amazed that nothing serious happened . 
  40 cm of ice falling down from the sky and nobody injured and everything draining properly ... 
  of course they are european . 
  they are as european as us , our oldest historical ally , neighbours across the bay of biscay . 
  are they supposed to be american ? 
  asian ? 
  african ? 
  they have been around much too long for american , are too cold for african and just un-asian like . 
  but european is not the same as european union fans . 
  or necessarily having to feel like they have a lot in common with those new without-an-ocean eastern european countries . 
  yeah , but maybe at the sea corners http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2011/12/pictures/111228-best-space-pictures-176-soyuz-moon-saturn-nebula/?source=hp_dl3_news_space20120102 http://guaix.fis.ucm.es/iss_iberianpeninsula_mosaic portuguese border is not very populated and the spanish side seems only a smidgeon more populated . 
  not sure where more people will be crossing the land border , i would think spain-france to be more frequent . 
  well , they will go one mile across the french border and have to change clocks . 
  it \u00b4 s one or the other . 
  portuguese border might be longer but it \u00b4 s not very populated ( maybe in minho-galicia only ) , there might be more people in the french-spanish border . 
  do you have any other id ? 
  because passports might not be required for crossing international checks , but identity checks can and are often required when travelling . 
  if you are travelling by plane almost surely your passport will be required at check-in or luggage drop . 
  for train tickets dunno , but for example if i buy a train ticket online , my id card will be proof i am who i am when ticket collector shows up . 
  it \u00b4 s a really bad idea , imo to travel anywhere , even within schengen without valid id . 
  in some countries , like portugal or france , you need to carry id at all times . 
  look at wikipedia says http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identity_document#europe because if you are in germany without any legal identity document , i think it is just a bad idea . 
  wait for your passport back . 
  being in a country , while being foreigner , without valid id is stupid .
