   what the euroskeptics are saying maybe that is your problem . 
  that you are taking what euroskeptics are saying as true about a foreign country rather than what the people living there are telling you . 
  and that is why you are getting down voted because you are posting an ignorant piece of political agenda rather than believing what we are trying to tell you the polish are complaining of something very similar today . 
  think about it a little and what it says about the real value and knowledge of the sources you are considering . 
  if you have doubts about eu institutions fine . 
  just do n't take as true or knowledgeable the statements of everybody who panders to that, 
   i speak to some in portugal who are not at all okay with the president 's decision , but i suppose it would matter less if your political party stands to benefit . 
  who ? 
  some , many in portugal are upset over the president \u00b4 s comments , as being unnecessarily sanctimonious . 
  but about the president \u00b4 s decision , to , like every single time in the past , give the responsability to form to a government to the leader of the most voted party , i have heard not one single person oppose . 
  it \u00b4 s the traditional and expected thing . 
   again the issue being brought about of antidemocracy is the tendency towards the eu at the cost of the choice of the electorate . 
  read the articles i posted about and keep talking . 
  the eu is absolutely irrelevant here , except it was an example and in the fantasies and projections of foreigners . 
  you might as well blame nato as the eu . 
   how can a governing body be selected to represent the people and not represent a majority . 
  how the fuck does the british house of lords dare to contradict the house of commons ? 
  why does barack obama insist on going against the us congress ? 
  because i am really tired of the hysteria regarding portugal \u00b4 s current political crisis , here is a somewhat sane article about it . 
  and another sane , knowledgeable article ( with which i disagree on a couple of speculative points ) http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/oct/28/british-eurosceptics-austerity-coup-portugal-elections-eu-brexit stop projecting your euroskeptic or own internal agendas and prejudices into stuff you don \u00b4 t know . 
  or we could just give up and start trolling for ## portugalcoup stuff and see who falls for it . 
  it will be way more fun probably anyway . 
  no , it \u00b4 s not . 
  the left bloc , which does not even formally exist ( assuming you do not mean be ) is composed of pcp+be+ps . 
  ps which got 30 % of the votes is not assuredly , very clearly not euroskeptic . 
  the only admittedly clearly euroskpetic party is pcp which got 8-9 % of the votes . 
  be i do not know how to class . 
  but at most the euroskpectic parties , if you include be are less than 17-18 % of the votes . 
   if i am to call something democratic , then it should be representative of a majority by a free and fair election . 
  read the articles i posted about . 
  democracies came in different flavours , different ways to separate and distribute power . 
  why does barack obama oppose the positions of the us congress ? 
  portuguese system predicts that power is shared between elected officials , parliament , and president . 
  president by the way is the only election in portugal which is direct , personal , electing the person and just that person and requiring 50 % +1 of the votes . 
   if the primary governing body is to be called democratic , then it should be the majority democratic group within the government hich is representative of the people . 
  ffs read more on the portuguese political system ( seriously read those articles i posted ) . 
  the way power is shared is precisely how it is going . 
  and no , there is no majority parliamentary democratic group yet , not yet , because they have committed to nothing and presented . 
  they say they will by november 10th , we shall see . 
  start by reading the two articles i have posted on this very thread . 
  not perfect no , but a good counterpoint . 
  or reddit search the portugal threads on this very sub and try to see what do portugueses people consistently , across political viewpoints are trying to communicate . 
  are you seriously arguing you know more about current status of portuguese politics and constitution than portuguese people ? 
  you are very gullible . 
  keep that in mind . 
  the president 's decisions being influenced by the president 's tendencies is precisely the president ' s constitucional role and unassaible right ( go on tell me how much farage knows and has studied the portuguese constitution and political history ) . 
  portuguese holding a radically different opinion ? 
  on what , the constitution ? 
  that surprises me . 
  even rui tavares , even the guy who mainly wrote the constitution agrees . 
  if they like the president or not ( and nobody does ) or thought comments over reaching ( and wirelessly sanctimonious ) that is another matter but portuguese people thinking the president ' s decision is in any way not his constitutional role or in any way due to foreign meddling or interference that is news to me i encourage you to read the links i have included . 
  or older threads . 
  fucking foreigners , trying to use portugal as an example into which to project their own agendas and understanding nothing b, 
  #portugalcoup !!!, 
  omg !, 
  this is a coup !, 
  the death of democracy !, 
  big bad europe overtaking portugal \u00b4 s democratic processes . 
  wtf is wrong with you people ? 
  democracies came in different flavours , stop trying to project what you think you know into situations you are ignorant about . 
  i have honestly heard the president of portugal being accused of being antidemocratic because he did not act like the queen of denmark should . 
  guess what , his constitutional role in portugal and his powers are not the same as the queen of denmark \u00b4 s. 
  which is why we bother going to to the polls to vote for a president , anyway . 
  two relatively same articles if anybody is interested ( who am i kidding , who is ? 
  everybody is just trying to project ) . 
  not perfect articles but saner than the british euroskeptics http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/oct/28/british-eurosceptics-austerity-coup-portugal-elections-eu-brexit https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2015/10/28/no-theres-no-coup-in-portugal-yes-theres-a-political-crisis-the-same-one-facing-governments-around-the-world/, 
  we were here before , and will be here , on our own , after spain is gone . 
  we will bury you and mourn you . 
  put that way ... but just stick to one of the three if you can . 
  you can support multiple clubs but at different levels . 
  or lingui\u00e7a . 
  and no brazillians didn \u00b4 t invent it , nor are , imo , any good at making it , though weather doesn \u00b4 t help , you need some sort of cold for good smoking `` fumeiro '' results . 
  chorizo in spain . 
   & support benfica/porto that is what might make you un-portuguese . 
  you can \u00b4 t. 
  you just can \u00b4 t. 
  football managers . 
  that was absolutely fascinating . 
  very creepy but incredibly fascinating . 
  finding out about things like that is what makes this subreddit so interesting , rather than be drowned by more commonly known stuff we already heard about before . 
   medvedev was shot and killed in a shootout oh , a different one , then . 
  when people ask in r/europe questions `` in your country '' , they don \u00b4 t really mean * your * country . 
  didn \u00b4 t know the us was in europe . 
  didn \u00b4 t know that happened in germany . 
  this is weird . 
  is this true ? 
  going by stuff published on the telegraph lately i am taking it all with a grain of salt . 
  '' #portugalcoup '' '' #prayforportugal '' '' #thisisacoup '' some people are really begging to be trolled . 
  we are right at the other extreme , other end of the problem , us and galicia . 
  i remember https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_in_portugal the time in the 1990s mentioned where we set our time by the central european time and the consequences it had and just how weird it was . 
  i am really glad we changed back . 
  galicians otoh managed to survive with a really high mismatch between solar and legal time , though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_in_europe i speculate a bit the `` weird '' spanish eating hours might be related to this , to their mismatch with the sun - they end up eating at more or less the same time as portugal , it \u00b4 s just it \u00b4 s a different number . 
  psychologically , physiologically it matters . 
  don \u00b4 t be ridiculous . 
  we can only hold that in tuesday because it \u00b4 s the only way i can do . 
  today i can \u00b4 t because i am going out to dinner . 
  november 4th we can \u00b4 t because benfica plays in the cl . 
  10th november we can \u00b4 t because it is the eve of st martin \u00b4 s day , obviously we will be busy with wine and migh affect the day afterwards . 
  november 16th we can \u00b4 t because league cup .
