  there is another problem , which is people attending festivals will book and maybe book early and when later other casual tourists looking to travel next month , they find no cheap fares or hotels and they will go elsewhere . 
  the obvious comparison is nos alive also in lisbon , which keeps getting bigger each year , this year it \u00b4 s sold out already months in advance , and they estimate 21000 of the attendants are foreigners . 
  and alg\u00e9s is not nearly as convenient as the expo site for easy acess and crowd control , which was actually designed for it . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it will be much of a problem . 
  web summit last year also went well , and it \u00b4 s not smaller than eurovision . 
  lol , 50 million , as if , as if . 
  it will be on meo arena/fil , same infrastructure we have been using for 20 years for all kinds of concerts and web summit and nato summit and eu presidencies . 
  sound and light , will be portuguese companies and there will likely be city or state subsidies to rtp , but fair enough because it will bring some more people to spend money on the economy so will very likely break even . 
  it \u00b4 s a very good analysis , thank you . 
   eurovision brings an audience who will likely prefer hotels and such , which portugal , compared to others previous eurovision hosts , has more of but it is already very much on demand due to the fact that portugal is a very touristic country i am not too worried about that , there is a fuck ton of new hotels in lisbon , all over it , and i think eurovision fans will likely book as soon as there is a set date ( though i would bet 19th of may , or maybe maybe the 5th . 
  not the champions league final weekend and not the 12th because of fatima ) and they will book early . 
  the most limiting factor for lisbon right now is the airport , not hotel capacity . 
  not a lot of room for growth . 
  but organizing eurovision , i guess it will be like web summit last year and this year , the same locations . 
  but is that an international bridge over international waters ? 
  i think not !, 
  cheaters !, 
  technically , no . 
  not even a portuguese driving license replaces an id card or passport . 
  bars will not much bother with id but a warning , portugal is a mandatory id carrying country , technically one should always be carrying id to be able to show to a policeman who asks you to id yourself . 
  in practice this is extraordinarily rare , but ffs don \u00b4 t even think of travelling without a valid id/passport . 
  if you only have a passport and it is too big , get a copy and fold it to keep in your wallet or something , or do carry your driver \u00b4 s license . 
  like i said it \u00b4 s really rare you need to show id ( to the police , in post office or banks it is very usual ) , it \u00b4 s just if you are involved in any mess , it \u00b4 s much better if you have it , otherwise you have to back to police station and get two people to id you or somebody to bring your id over . 
  you were a bit `` saddest photo than this '' , which ok , it was kind of poetical license but come on , this is a perfectly innocuous photo . 
  admittedly he is not smiling , and running the risk of unfairly national stereotyping , well he is a finn . 
  the guy behind is looking kind of proud , which gives it a nice vibe imo . 
  why is that sad ? 
  look at that fucking awesome little tractor !, 
  he is outside , gardening with his little tractor , nice day and presumably no worries crops will fail or something . 
  a lot of people like gardening and growing things and doing all sorts of outside manual stuff and will enjoy it . 
  rich people retire and go have kitchen gardens and vineyards . 
  interesting and close . 
  slight wardrobe changes - do old ladies wear `` batas '' as well in spain ? 
  the bata , at least 50 % polyester with a cardigan would be essential - cardigan can only be dispensed if temperature is above 35 . 
  i am going to tell you a secret , but it \u00b4 s a secret ok ? 
  spain does not actually exist . 
  it \u00b4 s just a bunch of countries like portugal but each different held together with spit and blood , because almost all of those countries were bad at war and foreign policy at some time in the past . 
  a lot of big countries are kind of like that also , but spain is even more so . 
  portugal is a natural country , it \u00b4 s spain which is un-natural . 
  you don \u00b4 t know portuguese ( and spanish also , i guess ) grandmothers . 
  trust me this would be one border where you would not pass undetected . 
   hell , one of our market chains is owned by a portuguese company ( not that there 's anything wrong with that , just saying ) . 
  if that is poland , i know , and that is why i was wondering , they make great own brand products , and they kind of started this supermarket competition to have good cheap own brands , winning themselves a lot more market share so they now are the most popular supermarket in portugal . 
  so why is no supermarket yet doing that ? 
  i kind of would have guessed with all this trouble , it \u00b4 s a great opportunity . 
   we have carrefour and it has its own store brand of things but how good is it compared to the same thing in a carrefour located in france , its country of origin , some own brand products will be great , others will be not so great , no matter the market . 
  it depends on formula chosen , where they can make it , what they think the consumer wants . 
  for a lot of low volume items , of course it will be far cheaper to just produce centrally than make `` lower quality '' products for eastern europe . 
  any potential economies on materials would be offset bu having to duplicate production , and complicate logistics . 
  it would still be cheaper to just produce the same for every market , and jsut change labels than to produce two different kinds !, 
  maybe for huge , multi channels brands it might be worth it , but a supermarket own brand is only sold in that supermarket , making totally different formulas sounds unlikely for anything but the very high volume things or that must be produced locally . 
  that is ridiculous , supermarkets certainly can because they got an advantage in they know how they will sell . 
  pingo doce kind of started the arms race of low prices good quality own brand products , and the share of lots of brands has decreased a lot ( as their prices ) in the last 10 years . 
  then you got the german discount chains . 
  it \u00b4 s quite baffling to me nobody is trying to use yet the lower-profit marge thing to gain a bigger share of the market . 
  are there taboos about buying unbrandaded stuff ? 
  i got a question for eastern europeans , particularly poles ( more on that later ) : if food from western brands is worse quality and more expensive , why don \u00b4 t local supermarkets put up good own `` white '' brands to pick up customers ? 
  are supermarket own brands always worse , has nobody decided to compete ? 
  i am asking this because this is what i am used to , particularly with the 2007 crisis onwards supermarkets are extremely competitive with each other and put up a lot of extremely decent own brands . 
  i mentioned poland specifically , because i know the jeronimo martins group also has supermarkets there , and jm is kind of ruthless of making own brands for cheaper which sometimes i prefer to branded stuff ( wine , olive oil , icecreams , refrigerated food ) . in fact some of choice products are own brands ( different ones for different things ) . 
  if imported , branded stuff really is bad , what is the free market doing about it ? 
  are there any taboos regarding non-branded stuff ? 
  the horse in profile reminds me of this painting https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleon_crossing_the_alps the french are cheating with their inaugurations !, 
  ( otoh lol at the altright and putinbots ), 
  just kidding , and reminded me of that story of the irish beach which lost its sand and then got it back  ( though seriously , investigate ) . 
  this corner of europe , tiny pebbles and the ocean pounding in , pebbles are just in the process of becoming sand , 
  omg somebody stole all their sand !, 
  maybe it was that irish beach !, 
  some subcutaneal bots ... now that is a good idea . 
  but quite seriously it \u00b4 s going to be fun watching trump trying to impress people in the g8 particularly with his handshakes . 
  wasn \u00b4 t he the one which did not shake merkel \u00b4 s hand ? 
   `` the whole city wants sex for rent ! '', 
  so we went from reporters making stuff up because they get horny guys or trolls replying to girls , to you vouching the real estate market is indeed bad enough that you know personally know of a case . 
  so maybe the reporters are not making stuff up ? 
  i am replying because your logic is so appalling it \u00b4 s interesting . 
  not so amusing , your initial comment that of course reporters ( `` acting as women '' , because obviously you are not considering reporters might be women without posing as such ) and get horny guys replying and considering it normal is remarkable . 
  that is not normal dude . 
  not acceptable . 
   as it 's heavily reliant on tourism pushing younger people towards the north uh ? 
  where did you hear that ? 
  unless you consider lisbon `` north '' which nobody does . 
  lisbon and the coastal area around it is attracting a lot of people including from abroad and northern portugal . 
  but people in the south usually don \u00b4 t to go the north - they move to lisbon or the algarve or eventually the coastal south ( setubal , sines ) . 
  it happens so rarely , that reporters find it if they go looking for it ? 
   then again , i know girls who have acepted such offers , and they dont feel bad about it  i happens so rarely , it \u00b4 s quite amazing it happens so rarely and you know girls ( plural ) who have received those offers and accepted them . 
  it being so rare and all . 
  hippopotamuses are bigger than tigers , and are dangerous maybe more also , but that does not make them iconic . 
  i strongly suspect trump will be working out on his grip to try to break a bone in macron \u00b4 s hand . 
  and 40 kg , at least . 
   one reporter acts like hes a woman and looks for a flat , gets 1 or 2 bullshitmessages where horny guys are horny ( or trolls for teh lulz ) , it \u00b4 s a bit worrying if a woman looks for a flat and is getting automatically messages offering rent in trade for sex . 
  now i think of it , a girl got a reply of the same kind in r/portugal recently . 
  it \u00b4 s fucking bullshit . 
  `` horny '' guys got no excuse , and neither do trolls . 
  worth very much reporting . 
   housing market experts suggest the average rent has surged by 66 % in dublin over the last five years and me thinking lisbon was bad ... 
  photogenic as fuck . 
  poor trump , he is going to look pretty dumpy in meetings with macron . 
  and you just know that will bother him . 
  a mixordia de tem\u00e1ticas do dia 10 http://radiocomercial.iol.pt/player/mixordia-de-tematicas/serie-gomes/20203/eurovisao-do-inferno-havia-um-bocadinho-de-musica-no-meio-dos-efeitos-especiais cat\u00e1logo de la redoute quem gosta de fagulhas gostou de certeza . 
   is n't that a gimmick in itself though ?
