  makes sense to put the headquarters in a place where it \u00b4 s better for older people with families , those are the ones you need to retain . 
  i am from lisbon and lisbon now is a great city to have fun while you are young - very cheap nightlife and food , beaches , tons of tourists , weather . 
  netperformance gets its workforce from it , recent college graduates from all over europe who accept portuguese salaries to live for a year or two in lisbon as a kind of erasmus . 
  london is way too expensive for that . 
  - also it \u00b4 s maybe not so fun even for the young . 
  i love it myself , go there ocasionally , see an exhibit , do some shopping , have some meals , but it \u00b4 s still really expensive for all sorts of things , including things young people want to have , like sit down cheap but trendy meals ( comparing london to berlin , you can have nice meals in berlin for the price of fast food in london ) , cheap beer and haircuts , and martial arts classes . 
  plus infrastructure , london rush hour public transportation is so horrible , and it is so slow !, 
  we portuguese love to complain about our lacking infrastructure and all that , but how crowded and slow ( and rats !, 
  ) , if you are in london , it \u00b4 s practically unthinkable for a young person to be able to afford being a 20 minutes walk from your job . 
  plus even if you are relatively senior and earning well , it \u00b4 s nice to see your money stretching further if you want to go out regularly , if you want massages or haircuts or tennis court rentals . 
  and a living city with all classes mingling can make for nicer stuff also for the relatively wealthy but without full time staff , like feeling safer ( non deserted streets ) , small services surviving , choices of cheap restaurants and grocers . 
  london has got its issues , i can see where the criticism is coming . 
  though they got some advantages over berlin not mentioned like airports and connectivity and they do speak english !, 
  but to live in , london is quite unappealing to me . 
  the knee length probably sounds foreign . 
  i don \u00b4 t actually see a lot of women wearing knee length dresses - shorter or longer yeah . 
  precisely knee length , is more unusual . 
  i am not in vienna though . 
  we also stare at people dressed like nuns/missionaries or like they are time travellers . 
  not saying it is the case , i see a lot of chinese women dressing very twee like , very fussy , bows and trims and sequins and lace , that is so unusual it will be attention getting as well . 
  you were not carrying a parasol , were you ? 
  or wearing sleeves on their own or something like that ? 
  extreme paranoia about the sun also unusual in europe . 
  maybe it was that , maybe it was unusual in some way , short or long , or colorful . 
  i can always tell tourists , they wear brighter colors , sometimes clashing ones . 
  or sometimes they seem to have no clue - wearing havaianas in the city , or going out wearing very few clothes at 6 pm when the wind is rising and it \u00b4 s going to be very bracing in a couple hours ... 
  you are probably wearing something really unusual , or makeup or hair or something . 
  if men are staring , likely women also are . 
  a sure thing to cause stares , when somebody is wearing totally inappropriate , or unusual to the , weather clothes . 
  like being 25 degrees in my city and somebody a winter parka , or being 10 degrees and people wearing shorts . 
   `` in london , the cost of living , the cost of getting around and the infrastructure mean it 's not a fun place to live unless you are really rich , especially for young people , '' he said . 
   for those wanting to have children , london has become virtually impossible to live in , he added . 
  ouch . 
  true though . 
  if your main , immediate , interpretation of the word black is in relation to human races , you got some issues . 
   not all 18 officers are guilty of the more serious charges , charges probably revolve around not intervening . 
  they were not , a couple were accused of something called `` omiss\u00e3o de aux\u00edlio e de den\u00fancia '' ( not helping and not denouncing ) which i did not even know was a crime and am glad to know is a crime . 
  also a lot of police are accused of falsifying the reports and statements to the public ministry . 
  so probably a mixed bag of accusations . 
  but the whole esquadra was accused which is really amazing . 
  reading between the lines , i get the feeling who whole station tried to protect , or at least not denounce the police involved ( possibly causing ) the conflict , and the public ministry got really really pissed off at them getting in the way of the investigation . 
  two of these accused already had been disciplined internally over this incident , this is slower criminal proceedings . 
  i tried , and got an automod link , not sure if my post was permantenly removed or not because the sub rules forbid direct linking to facebook . 
  if it was removed google for `` facebook policia de seguranca publica '' and you will get there . 
  besides italy , the po river valley , there is a lot in portugal and spain and i think maybe france also ( camargue ? ), 
  for many centuries . 
  it \u00b4 s usually short rain rice and a lot of traditional rice dishes are made with local rice ( risotto , paella , several portuguese arrozes , arroz doce ) . 
  the psp facebook page is like a national wonder at public relations . 
  seriously it 's like 10 % ( maybe more ! ), 
  of the population under their jurisdiction is liking their facebook page and is like the most amazing thing - police officers send their own photos to get featured daily so some aww or great landscape photos , some rather good advice , inside info about speeding radars , memes , official press releases , rescued puppies photos . 
  they are really really good at it and getting people comfortable with the police . 
   where in the end they named half the world india , because they didnt know what india actually is . ~ it was all about spices , and the food !, 
  india , new world , all filled with great new stuff to eat , win at both ends . 
  kind of more seriously , but there is a theory it was the portuguese which spread out a lot the uses of chillies . 
  they came from the new world ( malaguetas ) or piri-piri from africa , and are relatively easy to grow . 
  there is apparently a correlation that in several continents the areas with spicier , a deeper love of spicy chillies in africa , asia and south america are in areas close to where the portuguese kept deeper , longer ties ( west africa , mozambique , goa and sri lanka , thailand , canton , nagasaki ) . 
  even portugal itself , we traditionally love our piripiri , go spicier than any other traditional european cuisine . 
  i don \u00b4 t get why this gets so much attention . 
  maybe because american tourists pay attention to it but seriously , 3 people gored by bulls , it \u00b4 s like the average , totally normal for most towns . 
  a year or two ago , 2 dead and 6 seriously wounded in a largada in moita , and only slightly remarkable ( nighttime largadas , a very dangerous thing because they got time to drink a lot ) . 
  no bulls seriously harmed . 
  we would probably be complaining of the sun , and it \u00b4 s too hot and sunny to talk at noon , and so on . 
  this time of the year , am fed up with the sun . 
  annoying pushy creature who could take a break now and then . 
  fucking ipma predicted it hours in advance . 
  i did not believe it . 
  had to duck into a store at lunch hour , when i just wanted my lunch . 
  but today was really quite nice and cool , bit cloudy . 
  the sun is so overrated , i like cloudy summer days . 
   was most surprised by australia and new zealand who scored poorly ; 62.6 % and 64.4 % respectively ; scoring just below poland . 
  japan also scored a relatively low 70.2 % it \u00b4 s a perception problem . 
  look at iceland , no more than 80 % , is iceland less safe than holland or danmark really ? 
  but it \u00b4 s about not real danger , but perceived , and this might be very much cultural , if a society is cautious , if they make a fuss of every incident which happens and so on . 
  i know it \u00b4 s meant to be a cam\u00f5es quote , i just want to know where he wrote that , never encountered it outside the internet and never with attribution ( though usage of espanha for the whole peninsula would fit historically as it would make some sense `` terras de espanha '' in a nau catrineta , us willingly calling ourselves spanish even at that time is unexpected ) . 
  anyway the question was innocent , op mentions elements of both countries , and was wondering what are the spanish elements . 
  even in border towns , some architectural details vary immediately once you cross the border , so was wondering which are the details in this church . 
  also it should be `` santa casa da misericordia '' , it \u00b4 s entitled to that title !, 
  what is spanish there ? 
  a barra define o que \u00e9 rio e o que \u00e9 mar. 
  whatever p\u00e1 . 
  \u00e9 salobro . 
  nas portas do r\u00f3d\u00e3o ? 
   i do know lisbon quite well , and i think that saying that it is not bathed by the atlantic is nonsensical . 
  it \u00b4 s the river , it \u00b4 s not the sea !, 
  a pet peeve of a lot of people . 
  trust us , the river is a different thing , it behaves very differently , it \u00b4 s just totally different regarding how waves propagate , saltyness , and even the effect of tides . 
  you got to have no sea sense to not understand the difference . 
  and of course it \u00b4 s got tides , but for us it \u00b4 s normal that rivers got tides up to tens of km upstream of its foz . 
  it \u00b4 s ok , just explaining . 
  all the grandeur is intentionally for the parliament , when it moved there , very little is left of the monastery . 
  the city never actually bothered paying it much attention urbanism wise , so it \u00b4 s a big and fancy building you can \u00b4 t really appreciate the building ( it \u00b4 s not quite to my taste ) because it \u00b4 s set all crooked kind of hidden in a weird shaped square in a hollow . 
  it was never a palace . 
  i mean now is called a palace , but that is kind of a fake dignity tacked on . 
  it was a monastery , after the 1755 earthquake served as an hospital and hosted the national archives temporarily for 200ish years . 
  became parliament some 100ish years ago . 
  not a real palace . 
  it \u00b4 s a building in a weird setting . 
  quite large , neoclassical , nice gardens , but set all crooked in this cramped weird shaped square , a total contrast to the real palaces ( mafra , now that is a real palace , or ajuda or queluz ) . 
  ah , i had missed that , so thank you for explaining . 
  for a philosophy graduate , of course he would be very aware of the power of symbols , so yeah the photo is a masterpiece of symbolism .
