  i am pretty sure there will be big screw-ups ( by everybody ) till the elections . 
  but considering the elections a fait accompli , favas contadas , today , with two months to go , are we all living in the same country ? 
  the guy at 2:57 looks like an eastern european tourist , the haircut , the cheekbones , the sweatshirt - and in that location it very well could be . 
  lol ... 
  and that beach , the beach this all fuss is about , it \u00b4 s unbelievably nasty , tiny , cement walls , some rocks . 
  it \u00b4 s the type of place portuguese mothers would never let their kids into , suspecting it will be dirty or something , or just because it is horrible . 
  morocco has to have much better beaches . 
  but maybe they go the south of france for the shopping or to hang around other billionaires . 
  that beach was pitiful for such a fuss . 
  if i understand correctly , in your own language you write it in a different alphabet , which is not quite as simple as romania just needing a simple accentuation mark . 
  money is not even everything . 
  ( nor is weather/food/drink ) i did not resist doing the comparison and dude http://www.numbeo.com/crime/compare_cities.jsp?country1=ireland&amp;country2=portugal&amp;city1=dublin&amp;city2=lisbon only 40 % of people saying they feel safe walking at night , and 63 % during the day that is worrying - you either got a really bad problem with the sample of people answering those questions or people are actually worried . 
  and being worries , even without serious justification , is a quality of life problem . 
  you can add your own data . 
  and there is a psychological aspect , particularly in generic questions ( like all portuguese persons might reply yes to crime getting to worse in the last 3 years , every single year , because we are naturally pessimistic and complainers about society , but in reality if you look last 10 or 15 years ) . 
  take a look at the numbers of answers and if they look sensible - look at the prices as well , because likely it was filled by the same people . 
  it is a nice 30 degrees outside , which is about as hot as it has gotten in the last month , with a nice breeze from the west right now . 
  i really don \u00b4 t get you people and your siesta thing . 
  don \u00b4 t be such babies . 
   also , `` professional '' footballers are far from that `` lower socio economical strata '' that they do n't know what 's about . 
  a lot of professional footballers are both not very educated and from kind of poorer backgrounds . 
  medium class and upper class parents in portugal often do not encourage the single minded dedication to football required to became a professional footballer nor do youth managers respect much wanting to pursue an education or middle class concerns . 
  and yes it is about nationality . 
  it \u00b4 s like you expect a portuguese person to recognize franco \u00b4 s face in a photograph . 
  without context , not a majority of us , particularly the younger would recognize him . 
  heck some of the younger and from poorer backgrounds will not recognize salazar . 
  i 'd say that yes , a big majority of young people in spain know who was salazar and probably all of them know that there was a dictatorship in portugal until the revoluci\u00f3n de los claveles ( that 's how we know here o 25 de abril ) . 
  that is awesome , and a win for you guys . 
  if a majority of 20-30 year olds can reliably identify him , without context , from a photograph that is incredibly amazing , and you guys totally win at education . 
   i bet the same can be said about the portuguese regarding spain . 
  i would bet otherwise . 
  for young guys with maybe not a lot of formal education and who might not have respected it much , i am not very surprised . 
  anyway you can think several theories : - a ) he is not very educated , and ignorant and really did not know - b ) he is a crypto-fascist and knew - c ) it is some sort of provoked manipulating public opinion reaction . 
  you can have c1 ) where he did not know and c2 ) where he did know . 
  a and maybe c1 ) seem far more likely . 
  we really seriously do not talk of franco or the history of spain that much . 
  aljubarrota excepted . 
  edit to add  and if it has something to do , maybe it 's that he 's portuguese and that means might know a bit more spanish history than , say , a finnish . 
  but it 's not the case it seems lol . 
  i am sure a portuguese will know more of spanish history and geography and all than a finnish ( or maybe not , they are often really educated ) . 
  but we are actually not spanish , and maybe we pay spain more attention than spain pays us , but it does not mean it is a lot of attention or anything close to what a spanish knows about spain . 
  we really seriously are a different country with our own history and interests , and the spanish language and literature is not as available or prestigious as for example english/american language/history or even of other portuguese speaking countries . 
  we are , have been a different country for a long long time , longer than you have been a country . 
  would a random footballer from spain , say a teenager or young 20s from a lower socio economical strata in spain know of salazar and be able to identify a photo of him ? 
  i know you guys do not pay much attention to portugal , but i think you people do not get we also do not pay that much attention to spain . 
  the richer , more educated sure , the people living on the border will know more , but it seriously really is a totally different country . 
  i have a theory which nobody respects , but which i think is quite true - portugal is actually an island nation . 
  well done , romania , that is really nice of you . 
   a 16-year-old french volunteer archaeologist has found an adult tooth dating back around 560,000 years in south-western france . 
  that is absolutely amazing . 
  i heard about the tooth but now about the finder , that is ya fiction stuff . 
   portuguese footballer nuno silva sparks row by wearing franco t-shirt . 
  `` the lad did n't have a clue who he was '' . 
  english . 
  to be fair , i am probably more educated than him and not sure i would recognize franco 100 % reliably in a photograph . 
  i * know * about him of course , just not a face i have seen a lot . 
  would all of you guys recognize a photo of salazar ? 
  i really do not believe that . 
   portuguese businessman who runs popular discount supermarket chain biedronka after a public outcry over the company 's alleged exploitation of workers . 
  ah , there as well . 
  i wonder if the excuse there is the fierce competition with sonae ...  you decided to honor a man whose ` outstanding contribution ' is the exploitation of thousands of polish women and men , '' the group wrote in the open letter , adding that biedronka has faced prosecution for crimes against 302 people for failure to pay wages owed or committing other violations of the labor code . 
  btw maybe we should not call them portuguese anymore . 
  they are now officially headquartered in the netherlands and that is where they pay their business tax , if i understand correctly the manouvers . 
  actually i have been wondering about same vague noises i keep hearing ... 
  americans can . 
  american voices , it \u00b4 s like they were not ever told `` speak softly '' when they were children , their inside voice concept is just different . 
  spanish can get close , but americans , they are always on . 
  considering the time of the year . 
  vinho verde , obviously . 
  ~ ~ casal garcia probably ~ ~ edit , a bottle of supermarket loureiro of course . 
  with snails and/or clam and/or prawns . 
  we finally landed and on my way out , and talking to a local , he said they cancel at least a flight sometimes daily because of the winds in funchal . 
  i don \u00b4 t know about that . 
  when they cancel a flight , they tend to cancel lots more , and plenty of days , weeks , where everybody lands - at least portuguese companies do . 
  but landing in madeira , it requires special qualifications from the pilots , and if a pilot is unsure about the landing on a specific situation , pilot should not try to land and go back to lisbon or whatever . 
  the thing with madeira is not even just the winds , it \u00b4 s unlike this dutch airport , not much room to go out of the landing strip even just a few meters . 
  it \u00b4 s now much longer than it used to be , i remember the old airport . 
  even just 15 people , on that `` beach '' . 
  i honestly did not think i was going to feel sorry for the saudi royals which got a public beach closed for their own exclusive use , but that is really a sad little excuse for a beach . 
  get the blue card just the same and carry it . 
  travel medical insurance is not necessarily very good , the insurance company might have a list of providers in the foreign country you need to use and those providers might not be geographically convenient , or the specialties they have available be scarce . 
  or in portugal \u00b4 s case , for some serious emergency specialties , forget private health care , you are going to need the public system anyway - private healthcare does not handle serious trauma , serious obstetrics or pediatrics , organ transplants , etc. . . get the travelinsurance sure particularly if you read all the terms and conditions , but always always have the blue card . 
  did she have the card with her and showed it ? 
  if so , it \u00b4 s very strange she got the bill - and she can pick up the bill and ask for reimbursement of expenses paid in another country at your own health care service . 
  if she is an eu national without the blue card , she has to pay as if she is not insured , because for practical purposes she won \u00b4 t be . 
  she might still be able to ask for reimbursement in her own country , not sure . 
  here , i think that is included , funny !, 
  the only sport for which legally you have to have insurance is hunting , firearms insurance , now i wonder if that is not covered either . 
  did you see that anual average precipitation map posted a couple weeks ago ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dixyu/average_annual_precipitation_in_europe/ you can literally see the mountain ranges there - it figures the rain which also affect temperatures and it seems like the mountains affect the winds enough to create rain . 
  not helping with those annoying san francisco comparisons ... we still got better weather though . 
  `` unplanned healthcare '' yes . 
  not car accidents , no work accidents , no medicine tourism . 
  ( though medicine tourism is legal and allowed , just under a different mechanism ), 
  the insurance is free , the card that is . 
  when you are in another country , you pay the same as locals would for the treatment you receive under their national health plan , if you have that card . 
  an example , in portugal if you need to visit an hospital urgency in a public hospital and you are from outside the eu you pay say 150 euros or something . 
  if you are a portuguese national or an eu national with the ehic card you personally pay about 12-15 euros as a `` moderating tax '' and the rest is covered by the national health system if it \u00b4 s an illness or accident ( car accidents or work accidents , the national health system is going to charge the rest of the money to the insurance company , while charging the same 12-15 euros to the patient ) . 
  in some countries you might not pay or pay a different ammount . 
  it depends .
