  now , if people are criticizing the need for a donation , if they are criticizing that the health system needs to rely on donations that is a different matter . 
  if there are criticisms of tax evasion or too low taxes , a different matter as well - our electrical company has just opened a new art museum , which is fine and an interesting building , but at the same time very serious accusations of price collusion are coming to light , so it \u00b4 s fair enough to consider those accusations before feeling grateful for the museum . 
  so depends on context . 
  the article is wrong . 
  consumption is the only thing decriminalized . 
  and decriminalized is not the same as legal - you don \u00b4 t even have a right to consume , just you will not be sent to the judicial system if you are consuming . 
  possession , without exchange , of very small amounts of drugs as defined in law will not persecuted because it will be considered the person is a consumer . 
  but if you are consuming drugs in public the police would be totally within its rights to tell you to stop , search you , confiscate ( to weight ) what you have and in case it \u00b4 s below the criminal amounts to send you to a medical board . 
  the reference , the most recent complete version is this one http://www.pgdlisboa.pt/leis/lei_mostra_articulado.php?nid=181&amp;tabela=leis&amp;so_miolo=, 
   i ques that you are from the usa ? 
  check the flair . 
  i am portuguese , and actually born and living in lisbon . 
   smoking in portugal is no issue in my opinion . 
  do you want the legal references on why it \u00b4 s ilegal ? 
  news pieces of residents complaining ? 
  if your portuguese is up to it , i can dig up some links . 
  smoking pot ** is ** ilegal , doing it in public places marks you as a non-sober clueless tourist ( and a rude one ) , and it puts you in danger . 
  i can take a good guess where this hapened , miradouro de santa catarina right ? 
  i have heard stories from other foreign drug buyers who according to them got in trouble there . 
  it \u00b4 s a stupid place to hang around . 
  police just got permission to put cctv on that , but you can bet with cctv the drug traffic is going to move elsewhere , which maybe is good because maybe then the place will finally again be nice enough for regular people , with children to go enjoy the view . 
  ( if not miradouro de santa catarina , where ? 
  just curious ) . 
  if you mean lisbon , maybe you should cut the drugs . 
  all drugs are ilegal in portugal , and smoking joints in public places is ilegal , stupid and more than that , rude - nobody cares what you do in private , in public is different . 
  you are marking yourself as an idiot tourist , and you will get taken advantage of by all the scum which preys on unaware tourists . 
  so maybe try to keep sober and minimally alert on places where pickpockets are likely to be around . 
  this is valid for everybody city with lots of tourists around . 
  sagres on full sail at regular departures and arrivals is unusual ( because not practical , the tagus is a bit crowded usually ) . 
  there is some pomp to it , plus another non portuguese tall ship . 
  just wondering what occasion that was . 
  sailing to s\u00e3o paulo , if you mean the brazillian city is a little bit difficult , it \u00b4 s inland . 
  if you mean s\u00e3o paulo state , maybe . 
  santos ? 
  and probably it \u00b4 s a photo from a tall ship regatta leaving lisbon ( the bugio is at the left of the photo ) , since there is another tall ship at the right and they don \u00b4 t do the full sails all the time , not when i usually see it around in or out . 
  but would you want to hold one of these events in the city you already work in ? 
  which is expensive ? 
  or would you rather make a trip to some place nice , with nice food and cheaper shopping , all the company \u00b4 s expense ? 
  ( which is why lisbon \u00b4 s expo site is so perfect ... ), 
   also interesting position for portugal as well . 
  probably lisbon and the expo 98 site - 20 years after the fact , it turned out to be a great investment . 
  the eurovision host debate for next year is convincing me there is room for another nice big convention center in portugal - porto would be perfect , but if they do not move , faro and the algarve should . 
  and if travelling to the usa is going to became more cumbersome and unpleasant , we are in a really good geographical position to catch some conferences and events . 
  it was an attempt at a joke , of something an european would likely find natural and an american ( and apparently not only ) might find shocking . 
  totally normal in portugal . 
  spain also has it . 
  france . 
  what do you mean it \u00b4 s not usual in europe ?!, 
  that i did not expect . 
  interesting link , thanks !, 
  a tree !, 
  it \u00b4 s not a purely european problem . 
  it \u00b4 s not even a problem just for large cities , because it can be ( and globally in the first world ) by the decay of small towns in the countryside . 
  and in lisbon it \u00b4 s very much a global problem - the world is getting more and more overpopulated , the third world ( or at least the not-first world ) rich people more and more want to move to first world cities , looking for safety , clean air , infrastructure , entertainment , shopping . 
  people even from the first world also move because they are looking for cheaper rents , and maybe to feel safer also . 
  no idea what to do - in lisbon , i think we need to raise property taxes a lot for non-eu citizens . 
  end the golden visa property scheme for real estate purchases on non depressed areas . 
  and portuguese people need to be less bitchy about house sizes . 
  i see a lot of people mocking small spaces or rooms in lisbon because they are small . 
  portuguese people sneer at small spaces and i really think they got no idea how small and compact houses can be on a lot of other cities . 
  apart from maybe new remodels , there are very few studios in lisbon , almost no spaces being built smaller than say 50 m ^ 2 . 
  dorms are almost never shared rooms , and dorm rooms are still relatively large . 
  we desperately need more student halls , with subsidized rooms , and if we think on 10 m ^ 2 rooms rather than 20 m ^ 2 we can accomodate twice as many students which need it . 
  there are some companies investing hundreds of millions in microapartments in the lisbon area currently so i think that mentality will change !, 
  is he a teetotaler or muslim shocked about the alcohol sales ? 
  and yeah , that is very interesting . 
  they do not inflect the verb differently . 
  in all those languages the verb is only inflected according to 6 grammatical persons . 
  voc\u00ea ( or more correctly third person singular , because voc\u00ea is not really formal ) or usted use the third person singular verb , vous ( or v\u00f3s in portuguese which is also a possible way of being formal ) uses the second person plural to distinguish as more formal than second person singular . 
  basque inflects the verb in 7 cases ( don \u00b4 t know the right english words for this though ) and i googled and it \u00b4 s second person singular neutral and familiar . 
  soooo , 7 verbal inflections ? 
  yeah , googled , two forms for second person singular . 
  interesting !, 
  any other languages with special pronouns for familiar and neutral/polite ? 
  the inter africa ranking is here page 18 http://visionofhumanity.org/app/uploads/2017/06/gpi-2017-report-1.pdf even without the ranking , from what i read and know i would be wary of travelling alone in south africa . 
  i would certainly feel a lot safer in botswana or ghana or even mozambique ( apart from some areas ) . 
  south africa really is very very violent . 
  the ranking does not include cape verde , i checked , wonder what their ranking would be , but it \u00b4 s a very peaceful place also . 
  uh , extremely high rates of homicide and rape ? 
  violence against nigerians and other migrants ? 
  high poverty ? 
  a redditor at / r/portugal pointed out the map is apparently wrong , it \u00b4 s based on the 2016 rankings , not the 2017 . 
   one has no other neighbours than the ocean , personally i think it \u00b4 s a tremendous bias from the judges to ignore volcanoes . 
  it \u00b4 s absolutely cheating . 
  we are the true european champions !, 
  it \u00b4 s way way too expensive to build a high speed train line to the border . 
  and likely won \u00b4 t be financially viable . 
  we would need very much a high speed train line lisbon-porto but there are some design issues with it to try to combine it with the line to madrid , the plan that exists involves a station way out of lisbon which would the trip almost as slow as conventional train . 
  and it \u00b4 s all expensive as fuck . 
  what we really really need is a new lisbon airport . 
  btw do you know both paris and london are more important destinations than madrid from lisbon airport ? 
  actually porto has about half the air passengers than madrid and most people take the train . 
  portuguese people are mostly coastal people . 
  the transborder project if any makes sense , and area deserves some funding , but it \u00b4 s orders of magnitude cheaper than a tgv line !, 
  also funny but for a lot of the border area , lisbon or porto might be closer than madrid or another center - lots of galicians for example in porto airport and ikea stores , same in lisbon ikea stores ... 
  they did not have napperons , nor their friends that i noticed . 
  so yeah , expecting it n bel\u00e9m palace is kind of weird . 
  it \u00b4 s like something from a sketch of the 70s , with neon plastic flowers , maybe done by a herman character . 
  though a pair of my grandparents did kind of have a chandelier like that on the photo but smaller ( much much smaller ) . 
  arraiolos also .
