  if it was so impossible to repay , so damaging , would quibbling on these things ( except possibly retirement age , vat cut for the islands ) really make it all more possible for the greek people to repay and grow ? 
  if repayment is impossible , what the fuck have they been negotiating all these months they could have prepared an orderly exit ? 
  my interpretation is the greek government wants to eat their cake and have it as well . 
  promise their voters they can stay in the euro , no devaluing of their salaries and currencies but at the same time promise them also no more austerity . 
  good luck with whichever they choose , may it be for the best , but ffs just pick one and stick with it and let \u00b4 s get over this uncertainty , political and economical . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3brwio/varoufakis_why_we_recommend_a_no_in_the/csp0u4g that was about if a government should continue to include a certain region - it did not feel incorrect that the existing ( or former ) governments should lobby towards continuing to represent all the people they have represented till then as well as reassure them they want to represent them . 
  a referendum which is about option a versus option b , particularly when government themselves are free to choose what they think best and then calling for a referendum and lobbying for one of options it does feel a bit like blackmail . 
  if you are not sure you are representing the people , then stand up for election instead . 
   but they did n't comprehend basic political realities and had way too much good faith and naivety . 
  or you could call them stupid and incompetent , which is also a possibility . 
  we shall see the next few days . 
  i agree they must return to a national currency , and i think it might , if well handled turn out to be for the best on the middle and long term ( the if is a very big if . 
  but let \u00b4 s have faith ) . 
  just do it , and do it right and properly , it will be better for all . 
   are you saying that syriza should not have tried negotiating first ? 
  they had months to negotiate . 
  and yes i think they had time to ask for a referendum ( particularly a non-binding one ! ), 
  before the deadline . 
  if the referendum had been last sunday rather than this next sunday , surely it would have been a lot smoother for all - particularly the transition to the new currency which is still completely up in air . 
   if i were to vote , right now i 'd be leaning towards a no . 
  and that is totally the right of any and all greek citizens . 
  i object to not being clear what happens in the case of which vote and the stupid timing . 
  and if they are to leave the euro and default ( well this last part i think is no longer conditional ) they have that right - there will be consequences in all cases , and it \u00b4 s up to them to decide the lesser evil . 
  i just think the consequences to all , in any case , will be worse than what they would have to be because of this indecision , these delays . 
   i think we have settled one and for all the last 5 years that this europe is a europe of the banks and corporations 5 ? 
  50 maybe , going on towards over 500 , maybe a lot more . 
  if you want money then yes , you have to deal with banks and corporations , always have had to . 
  not an innovation on the last 5 years . 
   but on the other side , the frantic reaction of the eu officials and ecb , strangulating the greek economy as a retaliation to the referendum reveals something far deeper and disturbing regarding the eu dark mechanisms . 
  please . 
  all the eu has done was do nothing , not transfer money . 
  not a single thing more . 
  and quite frankly if that is your complaint , that by doing nothing , not loaning money they can strangulate the greece economy , then the greek government really should have been wise to that possibility all along and maybe have had a plan b to implement before then ? 
  underestimating what your opponents ( and according to you , they are ) can do , particularly if they do nothing is a very serious negotiation flaw . 
  the main rule of negotiation is both parties must want a deal and that it has to be advantageous , give both parties something they want . 
  i know , and if that was clear throughout the electoral campaign , they have a mandate both de jure as de facto . 
  but a government is the executive power . 
  he is finance minister . 
  greece is , and will remain , a sovereign state . 
  either they let the people decide , or they decide themselves . 
  even the whole dodgyness about what the yes or no will mean is undignified at best , cowardly if i was going to be less kind . 
  if greece is to default and leave the euro ( and it is probably for the best ) , do it coolly , calmly , corageously and planned - and imo it would have been much better if done without all this drama and deadlines drama . 
  this is insane yes . 
  it \u00b4 s difficult to keep track - and the little details , the formatting on that letter , a `` no '' getting lost in a translation , varoufakis on the day his country is going to default going to meetings in his motorbike ( in these circunstances it \u00b4 s ok if you take a taxi , so you can read or answer the phone while getting there ) is just bizarre . 
  wishing greece and the greeks all the best . 
  there is that saying that the chinese have a curse , may you live on interesting times . 
  these are indeed interesting times . 
  that was kind of different imo - it was not if government should do a or b , it was about if government should continue to include a and b and government proclaiming that they though b was their integral part and would do better . 
  it did not feel particularly wrong . 
  but this - if you are sure you know what is best and you have a mandate to do something within the powers you were elected to , then just do it rather than make people vote . 
  is this even good etiquette ? 
  a government is holding a referendum on something ( on very short notice ) and a member of that government is openly campaigning for one result ? 
  i mean parties can , and people always know which way the government wants the vote to do , but members of government campaigning in a referendum , is that done ? 
   europe is not a place of democracy , not any more , it is a place where the powerful have the say if europe is not a place for democracy any more , i do not know which place is the place for democracy right now . 
  and democracy does not give you the right to vote on how other people should spend ( give you ! ), 
  their money . 
  there is no doubt that the greek referendum results will be respected ( though i do think a referendum could have been planned with a bit more of advance and a bit more democratically ! ) . 
  but democracy is not about what others have to do for you and you can not vote , choose , to be free from consequences . 
  i think we should hold a vote on whether we want global warming , and i think we should all vote no !, 
  oh , that does not work ? 
  but democracy !, 
  one hour ?!? 
  you fools !, 
  it is at least 2 to 3 hours ... ( what i suffered when i was a child and at the beach ... and no , not having lunch was apparently not an option available to me ! ), 
  by ancestral reports , many many many . 
  all the grandmas though do love airconditioning , in a bus , a waiting room , shops . 
  i expect we need to more than those central european ones who can afford to sneer at it !, 
  do you have the `` digestion stops '' for going swimming or bathing after eating as well ? 
  if you heard portuguese grandmas , that kills millions every year as well . 
  yes , `` correntes de ar '' make you sick with the cold . 
  but we have absolutely no fear of air conditioning , we usually love air conditioning , though with some exceptions when it is badly adjusted . 
  and it \u00b4 s really not as healthy as a open window , and must be properly maintained . 
  lol i think it was napoleon who said not to attribute to malice that which can be explained by stupidity , you are probably right . 
  but this is going to fawlty towers level of clumsy . 
  this is going to give a lot of material to many historians in the future . 
  i am kind of waiting for the new yorker or vanity fair piece on these last few days . 
  poor greece !, 
   the official translation provided by the foreign ministry and sent to reporters on monday , though , was missing the word `` no . '' that is a really important word to go missing . 
  i would not call it `` mistranslation '' . 
  it \u00b4 s the euro devaluing , of course ? 
  that formatting ... 
  the apostrophes . 
  the half bolded word . 
  wtf . 
  this is really not helping with the nasty stereotypes , and is not helping to reasurre of mr tsipras \u00b4 s sanity . 
  the north is not a bloc , and the only bit of the north in the eurozone is finland and i was responding a finn . 
  and i just checked and petroleum is their first ( crude ) and second ( refined ) largest import . 
  also their largest export ( refined ) but i am pretty sure they consume some themselves . 
  buy from the eurozone instead . 
  spend your holidays in the eurozone . 
  yes not much option for fossile fuels , the dollar and ( and chinese exports ) becoming more expensive might be very interesting for a few local industries . 
  china is totally free to invest directly in greek government debt , aren \u00b4 t they ? 
  problem solved !, 
  i was actually thinking the euro devaluing a bit is making a few portuguese industries rather competitive against china , whose currency is kind of pegged to the dollar . 
   it 's like telling me that someone who works in london will not have incentive to earn more than 100k because they 'll pay higher taxation . 
  i know some people who refused extra work hours because of the rate , if it \u00b4 s just a smidgeon yeah , absolutely . 
  btw iirc and it \u00b4 s still implemented in britain it \u00b4 s not an issue because they got this very civilized concept that you pay tax rate for bracket . 
  the first 10000 or so pay no tax , then the next income stax band pays this and so on . 
  if i am understanding right https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_in_the_united_kingdom#income_tax and keep in mind you are not talking about taxing income , but profit . 
  companies got a lot of leeway , and presumably accountants to advice them , on how to diminish profit if necessary - bad stocking decisions , investment , etc. ...
