  my confusion . 
   i think we need to form a british , portuguese ( ... ) i group to troll spain ( ... ) i thought we already had that ? 
  we have a 600 + really truly we-mean-it-its-like-law never-broken treaty for that ? 
  fun fact : its original form is mostly about fighting castille , i think either or our countries joining the other \u00b4 s fight against other countries is sort of optional ( good , because we do not tend to that ) except when country is castille ( or spain , as they call themselves by now ) where we are absolutely sworn in to join in the fight . 
  would sending in some crates of superbock and watching your back be enough ? 
  other fun fact relating to ancient ( still valid !, 
  we are not the sort of people who breaks their word after a handful of centuries ) treaties : portugal can not pick up any territorial lands in castille . 
  aragon we can ( not that we would have wanted since it \u00b4 s like on the other side of this huge desert , so eurgh , no , way too far . 
  there might be camels on the way . 
  castille not interested either , total lack of decent marisqueiras ) but any gains of castillian territory we totally waived off to england . 
  for me it is the same situation - it should be the day to day life and interests of the people actually living there which matter and should be respected . 
  and i do not see how those monstrous queues ( which is harassment , they just waive off portuguese plate cars ) are in any way respecting the people living there or address the `` bad neighbour '' issues - or create any good will on the resident people to cooperate and solve it . 
   there were two wars : the first one , in 1801 , called the war of the oranges in which portugal quickly accepted to close its ports to england and to give olivenza i know . 
  and the invasion of olivenza was not in response to any broken treaty because none existed . 
  just wanted to make that * very * clear . 
   to you might not be to everyone . 
  of course . 
  though the point of the article is that for some `` someones '' two very similar situations will be analyzed very differently . 
  it is good to compare and contrast situations -, 
   you can think that but the treaties that followed wars have always been accepted as international laws . 
  the invasion of olivenza was in 1801 . 
  treaty of badajoz was after it . 
  how the fuck was the invasion about a treaty that portugal broke ? 
   to procure the retrocession of the said territories , in favour of portugal . 
  and the powers declare , as far as depends upon them , that this arrangement shall take place as soon as possible . 
  seems pretty clear to me . 
   spain and france started to invade portugal , but stopped doing so . 
  that is the problem right there . 
  they had no right to invade portugal at any time , nor then nor later . 
  but lol , i guess spain learnt its lesson from that and its french friends . 
   that happened in 1297 , the treaty of badajoz happened in 1801 thus revoking it . 
  according to spain no treaty has revoked the article of this treaty in which olivenza was ceded to spain . 
  treaty of vienna in 1815 . as they say no good winds came from spain . 
   first of all , it was n't spain nor france who broke the treaty of badajoz . 
  portugal broke it by opening their ports to the british . 
  excuse me . 
  portugal can open its ports , at any time , to whoever it decides to open them to , without that being just cause for invasion . 
  and i thought oliven\u00e7a was invaded , before the treaty of badajoz ? 
   another huge difference is the status of gibraltar and olivenza , being the first a colony ( and a tax heaven ) and the second a normal part of spain . 
  it \u00b4 s not a part of spain . 
  treaty of alcanices . 
  i don \u00b4 t understand . 
  maybe i am messing up the very basic math very badly ( basic math is sometimes the hardest math ) . 
  winter time is sort of closer to the solar time . 
  in october the clocks go back one hour , in march forward . 
  this next octover , say its 2 am in spain and france and 1 am in portugal and the uk ; portugal and france skip to winter time , 1 hour less making it midnignt in portugal and 1 am in france , but if spain remains on winter time would it not be still 2 am in spain ? 
  it would be greece and finland time . 
  you meant spain stay on winter time during summer ? 
  that would work and would match the time zones to portugal and britain during the summer and with central europe in winter . 
  i was worse , it was going to school when fully dark and only getting light after you were in class for a while . 
  sunrises at almost 8 in lisbon in december ( later in porto and galicia ) with the cet timezone it rose at 9 . 
  school started at 8 , i remember how much i hated it . 
  plus instead of the sun setting at 5.30 it set at 6:30 , which should be good , extra hour of daylight but do not remember enjoying that particularly . 
  thing is , it might not even be good for the south-east - like in portugal it sounded theoretically good , but seemed to mess up our internal clocks somehow . 
  i am portuguese , so probably same latitude . 
  i remember from our experiment 20 years ago , when we were on the same time zone as berlin ( ! ), 
  and spain . 
  it was really bad . 
  it was really hard on winter mornings , it was really tough in summer nights , everybody was eating later , it was just awful with no real redeeming advantages , none whatsoever . 
  i do not know how galicians manage . 
  the sun has a pretty powerful effect in the human body . 
  it \u00b4 s not the same as a random lamp . 
  mainland portugal is not on the same time zone as france , it is on the same as britain - and even that is not really synched with the sun . 
  the western coast , which is where most of the population is about 9 degrees west of greenwich , making solar noon about 12:40 in winter and 13:40 in summer . 
  20 years ago , somebody had the bright idea we should be on the same time as central ( calling it central because westernmost europe is portugal and ireland and uk which are on its time zone ) - it put us 2:40 hours behind solar time in summer and 1:40 in winter , about the same as western galicia . 
  i remember it and it was horrible . 
  it sounded like a good idea but it was seriously confusing - going to bed in may or june and there still being light ( this is a big deal since our days are shorter ) , or being still pretty dark in the morning . 
  and funnily enough people wanted to have dinner later , much later , so maybe there is a natural reason for those spanish dining times . 
  it went back after a year or two . 
  it was horrible . 
  it should not be theoretically , but was . 
  edit - for link http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_in_portugal  in 1992 , during cavaco silva government , by decree-law 124/92 , mainland portugal officially changed its time zone from wet ( utc +00:00 ) to cet ( utc +01:00 ) . 
  [ 2 ] [ 10 ] cest ( utc +02:00 ) began to be observed as dst , from the last sunday in march to the last sunday in september . 
  [ 2 ] [ 10 ] the measure , approved without the consultation of lisbon observatory , had the intention of to promote energy savings , to make that `` portugal follow , in work schedules , the countries with which it maintains more frequent contacts '' ( dl 124/92 ) and so , to promote economic growth . 
  [ 10 ] however , the measure quickly proved to be a failure in to achieve its objectives and become unpopular : like in the 1967 -- 1976 period , on winter mornings , sun was still rising at 9:00 , and people went to their works with a completely dark sky . 
  [ 11 ] [ 12 ] obviously , children also went to school with a completely dark sky , and when school classes started , sun was still rising , which had repercussions on their standards of learning , school performance and sleeping habits . 
  [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] it was even common that children fall asleep on the early morning classes . 
  [ 11 ] [ 14 ] in summer evenings , the usage of cet and cest revealed to have a disturbing effect on people 's sleeping habits , particularly on children 's ones as sun was still setting at 22:00 or 22:30 , therefore sky was only completely dark near midnight , and sometimes , only at 1:00 of the following day . 
  [ 11 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] a company hired by european commission conducted a study which concluded that , in fact , no energy savings happened , because in the early morning , due to the dark sky , workers turn on lights in their offices , and forgot to turn them off , leaving them switched on during the rest of the morning , what incremented energy consumption . 
  [ 12 ] [ 14 ] it also emerged concerns about the effect that the coincidence of rush hours with the hottest hours of the day could have in air pollution . 
  [ 12 ] [ 15 ] furthermore , it was observed an increase in the number of assaults on children in the morning , and insurance companies reported a rise in the number of accidents . 
  [ 11 ] [ 16 ] due to all of these concerns and complaints , it became clear that situation could not continue much longer without a new analysis . 
  in december 1995 , the government ( now led by ant\u00f3nio guterres ) commissioned a report to lisbon observatory on the issue of portuguese standard time . 
  [ 17 ] in february 1996 , the observatory report was released and it concluded that due to the geographical position of portugal , the country should adopt wet ( utc +00:00 ) as its time zone , position that the policymakers decided to follow . 
  it does not have plenty of money . 
  not saying a lot of what money there is is not spent stupidly ( or dirtily ) , but it has not had plenty of money , in the real lots of money sense in centuries . 
  you ever lived in a country where there really is plenty of money ? 
  it \u00b4 s sort of a different mindset and not just to official spending but also to little , personal spending - making things like quality or taste a priority , which just never is . 
  the vimes boots theory , sort of . 
  and money begets money . 
  it \u00b4 s like a positive-feedback ( that is a vicious cycle ) clusterfuck , a domino fall cascade , when things start to go bad and more and more businesses fall - and it works the other way . 
  it \u00b4 s been sadly educative . 
  just quoting from that article . 
  but wondering why russia \u00b4 s enemies have not thought of that ploy , or if they have had . 
   the largest increases were for the ( ... ) the barnacle goose . 
  whoa did not know those were ever considered endangered . 
  very good news , bestest food in the world ever . 
  poor iberian lynx though . 
  and finding it hard to believe storks were ever endangered - they were ( cos my father says so ) , it \u00b4 s just they seem so impervious , so common . 
  ( it was the ddt i think ) ps -  `` the largest increases were for the ( ... ) the barnacle goose . '',
