  an acqueduct from say galicia to alicante would probably be impossible . 
  and these patterns affect relatively large areas - the northeast of spain or even the northwest might not have much water to spare in a given year . 
   saying that this year , the southwest of the iberian peninsula has received less rainfall than desert areas such as the sahel in northern africa . 
  southeast , he means , surely ? 
  and weird , in portugal all this year and summer , even this very past week , has been rainy . 
  and windy . 
  hoping some of it reaches there . 
  how much do you know about spanish separatism and history ? 
  while there are other countries with separatist movements , maybe belgium being the most likely one to actually split , spain is maybe the country with most credible multi separatist movements . 
  and a long history of repression of those , and a lot of 20th century injustices ( from both sides , not just the centralists including separatist terrorism ) are not really healed . 
  the example of the uk , calmly and civilizedly allowing scotland a say and perhaps even real independence is inciting other separatists . 
  if scotland has a right to vote , why do we not ? 
  there is a referendum marked for this november in catalonia by the way , called by regional government , and totally not recognized by central government . 
  one other thing , while i think scotland will probably , more likely vote no by a little bit , and there seems to be relatively little real * hate * or animosity between the different factions ( seriously ) , in the case of catalonia , they would probably vote yes to independence and there is far more rage and resentment involved . 
  i say this having met my share of scots , particularly scots watching england play football or anything else . 
  some more articles on it which will explain it a lot better : http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed60a76e-38e6-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3dyyxgkcf http://fortune.com/2014/09/17/spain-catalan-scotland-secession/, 
  he is the spanish foreign minister . 
  it \u00b4 s not his job to interpret eu law , when it is still not clear how it would be applied in an unprecedented situation , and particularly when it has nothing to do with his own country ( though of course , the problem is : it kind of has though he can not admit to that ) and resorting to hinting of things somebody else ( juncker ) thinks . 
  and being the spanish foreign affairs minister it is his job to be able some degree of diplomacy and evading questions . 
  unless you sign up to the opinion of some ( mine included ) that this indeed is impacting somewhat internal spanish politics and his message is also for internal consumption as well as trying to influence the referendum abroad . 
  it \u00b4 s got to be having an influence , for spain to be so loud and meddling in the internal affairs of the uk . 
  this is not the only piece of news - because seriously nobody in spain has anything to do with if scotland and the rest of the uk decide to split and share ~ ~ custody of the kids and dog ~ ~ a currency or anything they bloody well decide to do . 
  their business , everybody keep their nose out . 
  ( and us , see , would you like it if portugal started commenting on spanish separatism or something ? 
  we have as much right to it , or even more than for spain to comment on scotland ) so yeah , am judging how fucked up the spanish are about this referendum by how loud they are and fucked up they sound . 
  lol , that would certainly make things even more fun . 
  the alliance is with england of course , there was no union with scotland or a `` spain '' back then . 
  scotland will be on its own in the case of a divorce , friends before the marriage stay on the side of their friends . 
  but this referendum , while of course it has nothing to do with spain , is like the biggest trolling imaginable which you managed without even trying . 
  amazing . 
  spain really is getting nervous with this . 
  the english really are good , throughout the centuries , at being able to really fuck with the castillians without even trying . 
  bff . 
  in this particular case , it \u00b4 s a compliment to george !, 
  lisbon , we have also had some consecutive weeks of temperatures of about 15-25 . 
  and occasionally some rain drops . 
  everybody is freaking about the cold summer , except it really is quite nice , it \u00b4 s like natural air conditioning !, 
  it \u00b4 s the north atlantic oscillation , it is currently bit southward , so the south-west of europe is getting `` cold '' summers and warm winter ( the last one , maybe the next ) and rain and the north of europe will be drier , warmer summers and colder winters ( maybe . 
  though it might move again before winter ) . 
  it \u00b4 s not quite as ugly as the tour de montparnasse , but not sure it is much of an improvement or less likely to look very dated some decades after it is finished . 
  this is going to be in la defense , right ? 
  so less likely to be as noticeable as the bloody tour de montparnasse ... 
   the us is also cheaper to live in than portugal unless you want to live in the biggest cities or places like california . 
  or need healthcare , and let \u00b4 s face it , you will need it sooner or later . 
  according to this site http://www.apren.pt/pt/destaques/leitura-da-apren-da-fatura-energetica-portuguesa-2013/ in 2012 about 400 usd / m3 , not too cheap but not the worst either , but we really use very little of it compared to almost everybody else . 
  according to edp \u00b4 s invoices , it \u00b4 s used for about 2-3 % of total electricity , below direct electricity imports and i think it \u00b4 s mostly for auxilliary purposes like starting boilers and a helper in fossile cogeneration - and i guess we are keeping the gas plants for emergencies like drought years . 
  i don \u00b4 t think you should count on a high speed internet connection in rural places . 
  maybe if not too far from the coast . 
  and portuguese knowledge is probably not essential , most younger people will speak some english anyway . 
  hope that does not depend on getting a job in portugal . 
   a pint of beer you mean grade de minis, 
  yes , most of it is wind and hydro , particularly in winter . 
  but we still use some coal for baseline , in summer mostly and a small percentage of gas . 
  portuguese electricity production is very dependent on weather , particularly rainfall because of pumped storage . 
  so it changes a lot from year to year , month to month . 
  this is the 2013 data , in portuguese sorry http://www.publico.pt/ecosfera/noticia/quase-60-da-electricidade-consumida-em-2013-foi-renovavel-1619592#/0 the bars are by order - big hydro ( not sure why they distinguish it from small hydro but nevermind and don \u00b4 t know how they count pump storage of wind generated power ) - wind - coal - fossile cogeneration - other renewable - imports - gas, 
  they are getting it cheap because they do not actually need it much , so if gazprom wants to sell them gas , they need to lower prices . 
  a good argument to build lng terminals everywhere . 
  portugal http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_of_sines#lng_terminal so the gas can come from anywhere , according to where it is cheapest . 
  plus we probably use a lot less gas than most other countries . 
  burn gas for electricity ? 
  shocking idea . 
  national day - 10th of june city of lisbon municipal holiday - 13th of june and often corpus christii national holiday falls near or between the same dates . 
   the gulf state called for all criticism of religion and of prophet mohammed to be made illegal in norway . 
  the onion would not have gone this far . 
  what , you think any mass media is imune to being manipulated ? 
  and like you yourself said , the title really does not seem to match content . 
  wonder why . 
   what 's with that anti-german propaganda , lately ? 
  russian propaganda , i guess . 
  i thought that was the whole problem with ukraine . 
  because if they think gas will flow through north korea and some does not stay there , lol, 
  are they expecting to be able to sell gas or oil to north korea and get in return ammounts of tradeable ( hard ) currency ? 
  lol . 
  this is going to be fun to watch !, 
  i have no idea . 
  portugal most certainly doesn \u00b4 t . 
  banning wine at meals ( if one is not working or driving ) sounds un-portuguese and un-catholic . 
   punctual train service like the sbb from switzerland would be nice do you know how much swiss train fares cost ? 
  they better be on time for what you pay !, 
  ( actually have caught some with a few minutes delays ), 
  the lisbon flag is most often seen without the shield and title http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/bandeira_de_lisboa the version with shield and title is also legal , but is not used often , and ( always , maybe ) officially . 
  just the black and white pattern - and look down into city pavements and you will see that a lot . 
  when they are rolling into paris i guess . 
  our pilots will bravely and efficiently overcome all obstacles to do their duty the same article said they had already found an alternative source of food and had a rota installed for the supply . 
  ( and you can trust soldiers and truck drivers to always figure out fast where something eatable can be found ), 
  hey probably plane fuel is cheaper down there !, 
  ( though sadly the portuguese media is reporting the pilots are finding dutch army sandwiches uneatable and having to improvise somewhat ) . 
  more seriously , portugal is a founding member of nato and lots of military colaboration with the us since even before then , i think since mid second world war . 
  in portugal , the only starbucks are in the centre of lisbon ( and maybe porto ? ), 
  and they are full of tourists . 
  so much tourists the most central one has the bathroom locked , they give you a code when you buy something and got big warnings to watch out for pickpockets . 
   edit ; also , children should n't be seeing sex , let alone bdsm these particular stamps , while they are sexy ( but not sex ! ), 
  for somebody past puberty , not sure children would even remark on it . 
  naked buttocks , children would probably think it hilarious and funny ( and well now there is an argument to not have these stamps , children might think mooning is socially acceptable ) but the rest , the connotations , i doubt they will get it . 
  a man \u00b4 s face with moustache , a kind of naked men , they will almost surely take it at face value rather than remark if you are already thinking about sex and noticing sexy things , you will notice the sex . 
  if not , not so much . 
  and btw naked bodies = / sex !, 
  naked bodies is just naked bodies , ( particularly in a country addicted to sauna , i guess ) . 
  they are beautiful .
