  a few months ago was reading an opinion piece by a former portuguese diplomat where the thesis was that modern germany was actually really really bad at diplomacy and planning foreign policy . 
  since then it \u00b4 s like examples of that keep screaming to be noticed . 
  ffs . 
  and women . 
  when georgieva has resigned , this guy replaces her , and also manages to subtly insult women . 
  btw what happens to that famous women-comissioners quota now ? 
  it \u00b4 s not about being able to afford , at least in the case of portugal . 
  there is a system called numerus clausus , in which universities set the number of entrances for each course , students do their tests and rank which courses they want to get into . 
  then there is a national sorting of all students done by the education ministry , the x students with higher grades get the places they want . 
  all public universities cost more or less the same and are cheaper and more respected than the private universities . 
  but for some schools and courses like medicine the competition is really hard and you need very high percentile grades . 
  they are opening now more vacancies for medicine students but maybe too much ( even if medicine is like the 3rd course with highest entrance grade requirements ) because there are problems now with medicine graduates then being able to their hospital training on some specialities . 
  the region is called alentejo , and it \u00b4 s historically very sparsely populated , the typical house would probably be the monte alentejano ( which is kind of not where most of the people live ) you can google it . 
  the weird thing they are stereotypically , with some truth , maybe the most chill people imaginable , stereotypically leftists with a lot of tolerance for anything which does not actually harm them . 
  they are the target of jokes , about being slow but getting the upper hand over snobs from elsewhere . 
  `` friend '' , `` neighbour '' , `` uncle '' being rather common forms of address . 
  i really can \u00b4 t imagine alentejo of all places being the place where people are less kind to neighbours because they are `` different '' ( particularly jewish . 
  castelo de vide and how they brag about it , and the way portuguese people seem to regard jewishness , which being portuguese seems totally sensible to me , which is being a detail like being a jehovah \u00b4 s witness or an adventist or an evangelist perhaps more socially respectable than those . 
  between a rabi and a iurd pastor , a synagogue and one of those brazillian chain churches . . ) maybe the sample was small or weird , maybe the translation was charged , but alentejo of all places where people are intolerant with neighbours , no . 
  it \u00b4 s the most `` let it be '' place imaginable . 
  i remember his work with benfica and uni\u00e3o de leiria , i remember him winning the cl with porto , which has been unprecedented since then . 
  the truth is somewhat in the middle , as usual , and currently he is not the best portuguese manager not because he has never been good ( he was very very good for a very long time ) but simply because the ante has been raised in portugal for football managers , particularly the new ones which have picked up all possible lessons . 
  but that is a different matter and a very interesting one . 
  any particular reason portugal is color coded but france and morocco aren \u00b4 t ? 
  remember hearing , on tv , testimonies from people who witnessed , experienced , in portugal the aftermath of what happened at the badajoz , so weird to think of something like that having happened in living memory , so close . 
  the inconsistency on significative figures bothers me . 
  come on people , this is not how you present numbers . 
  other than that interesting figures and it is meaningful for something , the assymetry between west and eastern europe regarding these numbers . 
  it won \u00b4 t be so obvious all of the eu will fall into the same position naturally . 
  gosh , no . 
  jorge jesus is more complicated , a lot of people would consider him the best manager in portugal , and his ego is immense and rui vit\u00f3ria , very serenely has been outperforming him particularly in the cl . 
  and there are many more portuguese managers : villas boas , marco silva , leonardo jardim , many more names . 
  and we have lots of portuguese managers spread all over the world . 
  brazil has weirdly kind of stopped producing managers though still producing a lot of football players , we produce lots of managers . 
  lots of football players for our size as well - in many small leagues , not just in europe . 
  the manager i would want for portugal is of course fernando santos to stay . 
  a national team manager needs different abilities than a regular manager . 
  but we got, 
  it looked pretty bad to this side as well , and i felt really sorry for the first candidate , that was humilliating for sure . 
  well maybe even worse for the second . 
  but it was way way too late , you know guterres started preparing almost a year ago , briefings , staff , diplomatic movements . 
  the last strawpoll results were really interesting , that it was the `` smaller '' countries , the non-permanent 10 which were not so convinced about some of the other candidates . 
  the president has power in portugal . 
  it \u00b4 a a semi-presidentialist regime . 
  remember the `` this is a coup '' thing last autumn , which was perfectly expected and legal ? 
  the president has some very wide powers and few limits . 
  there is tradition and protocol though . 
  it \u00b4 s a good point . 
  i actually think we are very good at producing football managers - though i think mourinho is not , right now , the best portuguese manager alive or the one i would want for portugal . 
  we are also over-quota on golden boot winners . 
  a warning , if you are coming from a really hot country , you can have a more difficult time adjusting to the cold than people who go through it every winter or even just ocasionally . 
  -3 to 4 c definitely requires more than a sweater , you need some sort of parka , preferrably somewhat water proof , sweater , good socks , and gloves ( you won \u00b4 t loose fingers without gloves but you will feel it ! ) . 
  shoes , also something waterproof with a good sole . 
  if it gets colder , or if you look into doing night things in the open ( christmas markets ) you might want to check insoles , for extra warmth and insulation . 
  locals won \u00b4 t consider it necessary for those temperatures , but it might be different for you and just allerting to the possibility , there is a cheap fix !, 
  are you in spain ? 
  if so , check decathlon ( or check in other countries when you get there ) , it \u00b4 s a really large chain of cheap sports gear , and they got some cheap but effective winter stuff . 
  you don \u00b4 t want to spend a lot of money on clothes you will just need for a few weeks , and their stuff is fine for these temperature ranges . 
  they got cheap thermal underwear as well , but a warning , for me a problem is not so much the cold , it \u00b4 s how they often overheat the interiors and going from one to the other . 
  ( long term , the problem is the dark , but for a few weeks you won \u00b4 t notice it ), 
  not really . 
  almost all the world will be under water before that rock is . 
   oh well if they had their candidate its kinda obvious that they would push for her to be appointed . 
  in any other case i still assume they would/and still did mimic the votes of usa and uk . 
  i think in diplomacy the problem is to assume such things from smaller countries . 
  particularly when votes and positions are supposed to be secret and things are done short term , and arguably pushing a new candidate this late is insulting to the security council itself and all they had done till now . 
  georgieva had 6 discourage , 3 encourage and one neutral for the non permanent members which is worse than she got from the permanent members . 
  interesting malcorra was the closest candidate with the permanent members , only one discourage vote ( russia ? ), 
  and two neutral ones ( china ? 
  ~ ~ england ~ ~ the uk ? 
  surely britain would not vote for an argentinian ? ), 
  but it was the other 10 of which 6 were voting discourage , so an example of the other 10 not blindly following the lead . 
  to add i found the results with the color codes specified https://twitter.com/jbi_humanrights/status/783709986442645506 it \u00b4 s really interesting , one permanent member voted encourage for bokova but neutral for georgieva ( one of the europeans ? ), 
  8 discourage !, 
  only 5 encourage !, 
  even if no of the discourage was from the permanent members ( which would be statistically unlikely ) she would be very far from getting 9 votes even . 
  what the fuck did germany think they were doing ? 
  i guess they totally ignored the 10 non permanent members ? 
   but it just sounds overly simplistic tbh . 
  the older i get , the more i find out sometimes things are simplistic , and that sometimes those in power really have the same problems deciding , processing all information , sometimes they just say `` fuck it '' , they just have 24 hours in the day . 
   i was expecting that germany had obtained russia 's support ( which was strange given kristalina role in the epp and vis-a-vis the ukraine situation ) i had my doubts , i assumed germany was just `` a atirar o barro \u00e0 parede '' ( which btw was how we decided to go with the guterres candidacy , though we did it carefully and with planning ) and had bullied bulgaria into it . 
  it did not make sense at all in this context for russia to accept this candidate . 
  otoh they might just be fucking with germany , hinting they might accept it and then pulling the rug . 
   actually , this seems to be a direct message from russia to the eu : that might work over there but not in the un , which benefited guterres . 
  i would even propose that russia ( and perhaps china ) vetoed kristalina if my theory is correct . 
  i would love to see the georgieva , and the other results , if bokova got more votes that would be a major embarassment . 
   not sure what else but i ca n't imagine that something which seems so rushed , directly exposes merkel , showed the partiality of the ec could be done just because it sounded a good idea at the time . 
  germany really really wants something they think they are entitled to , which is a permanent seat in the security council . 
  they are not getting it , nobody wants that except maybe the 10 countries which think they are entitled them to to a seat , and it won \u00b4 t happen , but if they had their own candidate for sg they would maybe feel closer to that , or closer to being as important in the un as france and the uk . 
   maybe this was all done as a secrete agreement between portugal and germany ? 
  with those lovely sanctions/notsanctions just announced ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  but they burnt more goodwill , they are going to have a sg they intentionally tried to screw ( clear leader in 5 votes ! ), 
  near the end of the vote and which knows that , and also they might disregard portugal \u00b4 s importance but sooner or later they are going to need something . 
   ( e.g. 
  its hard to believe that new zealand would oppose whatever usa and uk agree on/vote for ... ) it \u00b4 s funny you should mention that , i think one the no encourage vote from 10 or even one of the disencourage votes in the previous strawpolls for guterres was precisely from nz , they had their own candidate which did not do so well . 
  and in practice dunno about georgieva has a candidate , there have been some rather pointed things said by other countries ( venezuela , angola ) about her being presented as a candidate this late and like this . 
  just the permanent ones , though the other 10 can effectively just not vote . 
  a candidate needs no vetos and 9 encourage at least , the permanent members can not on themselves decide on the candidate , need also some of the other ones . 
   georgieva could n't win it because bulgarian government nominated another candidate .
