  not just wanting to be prime minister . 
  he , after what he did to seguro , is between a rock and a hard place . 
  he managed to publicly support a loser and the candidate his party does not want for presidentials . 
  people have not forgotten what he did to seguro , nor the voting malarkey in the internal elections . 
  congress coming up after the elections . 
  he demands , he assumes the request for absolute majority . 
  he will not win by `` poucochinho '' . 
  when polls start to go badly he starts bullshit about the parliamentary groups and the leader of the most voted party ( not counting coalitions ) being called to form government . 
  and then not even that he achieves . 
  this escape to the left is so far his only hope of political survival . 
  in times of internal conflict , pick up an external war . 
  and portugal be damned , if get no budget , so be it . 
  so if we get a caretaker government , which will be the same , just with less powers , what then ? 
  because i think we might not even need to wait for the new president to call elections , a really interesting move is the next ps congress , which is extremely relevant for these internal calculations move . 
   coalitions never are . 
  paulo portas `` o irrevog\u00e1vel '' will tell you the same . 
  you just gave a counter-example of a coalition which managed to be stable to last 4 years . 
  irrevogavel and all , which for all practical purposes was irrelevant -, 
   let me guess : you had no problem with post-elections coalitions 4 years ago . 
  problem ? 
  i had some doubts of its longevity , but party which got more votes being called to form government and making a coalition with one small party to get absolute majority did not seem too scandalous . 
  or even new . 
  using a post electoral coalition of 3 different parties which are competing for the same electorate , 2 of which got particularly different platforms to the major party regarding deficit , nato and so on ( angola !, 
  what is going to be the foreign policy on angola of that trio ? 
  lol ) none of which was the party with more votes or more mps , that i have never seen before . 
  and imo it was a bluff . 
  it still is a bluff , which if taken too long can be really damaging to ps . 
  the article you just read is both very shallow and carrying an incredibly dramatic , loaded ( for a different agenda unrelated to portugal ) point of view . 
  there is a dichotomy in portugal between left and right which is in no way as sharp between real people as between opposing politicians ( particularly some trying to save their neck ) nor is the feeling between normal portuguese of any surprise . 
  the so called post electoral coalition seemed extremely undefined , not to say a bluff , and always so far the most voted party gets invited to form government . 
  like i said , the article you are commenting on has its own agend . 
  in the presidentials there are several candidates https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_presidential_election,_2016 ps itself can \u00b4 t make up its mind how many candidates it wants to support , its leader supported one , but a a section of the party is supporting another one . 
  be has a candidate an emp , and the communists got another one . 
  the coalition has not made any statements . 
  marcelo rebelo de sousa is the big favorite to win . 
  most recent polls have it possible he might win on the first round . 
  the left will of course rally around one candidate in the second round if there is one , but they would do that always `` swallow a frog '' as traditional . 
  the presidentials might bring dow costa anyway because his stupidly early support of sampaio da novoa , did not please ps nor was be able to stop maria de bel\u00e9m from running . 
  the congress to define the leadership of ps has been set for january after the presidentials . 
  till then they will try to present an open front , but behind closed doors , they are a deeply divided party . 
   portuguese redditors : is this as incredibly bad as it sounds ? 
  drama . 
  the left-wing parties did not run together . 
  the so called coalition was a post election thing to try to prevent the most voted coalition ( of which psd is on itself the party with more mps . 
  ps is not even the most voted parties ) to be designated to form government . 
  ps on one hand and be/cdu on the other run on very different platforms and ps \u00b4 s platform was clearly not `` smash the austerity regime bequeathed by the eu-imf troika . '', 
  or they would have scared a lot of their electorate . 
  if there was any practical agreement , we did not see a nothing revealed , not even if it was going to be a joint government or just an agreement to vote , or on what issues . 
  and i don \u00b4 t recall in portugal , and we have had many minority governments that the most voted party was not called to present a government . 
  edit - to add , there are some very complicated internal politic dynamics regarding antonio costa and ps . 
  it is very possible costa will not be president , secretary general , of ps past january . 
  those are amazing , i think they must have sold millions , throughout the years in portugal . 
  it \u00b4 s still a bit hot here for those . 
  primark pyjamas also , they have been here less time , but they are going to sell millions of those as well . 
  and lol about the real estate . 
  primark another very interesting fashion company as well , and they got a few things in common . 
  yeah probably but world \u00b4 s richest man he did not get there with only spain and portugal . 
  and his companies are doing some extremely interesting business choices . 
  ps - are you ? 
  any other spanish or portuguese persons wearing any inditex stuff or got some zara home thing nearby ? 
  i actually checked numbers , and these are the stores numbers globally https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inditex company no . 
  of shops ( 2/07/2015 ) [ 8 ] year of creation zara 2104 1975 bershka 1014 1998 stradivarius 909 1999 ( acquired ) pull and bear 901 1991 massimo dutti 719 1995 ( acquired ) oysho 580 2001 zara home 454 2003 uterq\u00fce 66 2008 total 6683 but i think wikipedia is incomplete , they also own lefties which is kind of their cheapest brand , on outlet or cheap malls . 
  at very few times within living memory have so many people in europe been on the move , at all kinds of levels , of which there migrants are just a part . 
  it \u00b4 s a more global world , a europe with no borders . 
  the same way richer countries can attract legally qualified professionals because they offer higher salaries so those countries attract more refugees . 
  now the problem , their problem , is to figure out that they themselves are causing the attraction . 
  it is a bit silly , i have been arguing this for a year at least for sweden particularly to complain of other countries not handling their `` fair '' share when it was sweden they had their mind set on . 
  refugees are not going to risk , or not in the same numbers , drowning or freezing in the balkans to get a bed and meals on a refugee camp , or even a social housing appartment , in poland or portugal and maybe be lucky to get 500 euros a month . 
  and there will be adjustments to this process , as they are already occurring . 
  like the tragedy of the commons when each and every refugee chooses for itself what they think is the best choice , and all choose the same countries , they exhaust the resources in that country and by their own choices they are competing with too many others on the exact same circunstances for finite resources , while at the same time causing local laws to change , to became stricter . 
  that would be my guess . 
  but if they know the support they will get is 100 euros per month ( and this might be a lot in some countries ? 
  in portugal i think the official allowance will be 150 euros per adult ) in the receiving country how do you make them move ? 
  force shoving them into bus ? 
  how to prevent them from running away ? 
  an example i often quote is the portuguese plane from bissau and what happened to its passengers . 
  i actually think some countries should not worry too much about these compulsorty quotas , don \u00b4 t worry , they will head back to germany or sweden as soon as possible . 
  saving this graph . 
  fascinating . 
  the study is mostly about rich or very large economy countries so it is biased that way . 
  but not sure the correlation is as simple as your theory , if that were so norway and switzerland would be top of the graph and are not . 
  sure . 
  but very few people have billions in cash , i think . 
  even those which are not industrialists they will have the money in funds , own shares which are considered reliable , own debt , investments . 
  inditex stock is in a pretty good condition and been so for a while - i would say probably the clothing company which best understands logistics of outsourcing and with fastest responses , plus they are doing some very innovative things with stock managing . 
  actually they are the first company , in the western world at least or that i know of , giving some very interesting tools for clients to shop live or online . 
  this is interesting.and wow , australia ? 
  not sure i believe it about china being only second on total though . 
  how do you make them stay in the `` less desirable '' countries ? 
  i just did a mental double check if i am wearing anything from one of his companies . 
  i am . 
  wonder how much of the world \u00b4 s population is . 
  what about publishing portuguese news from sources which have a clue about what is actually going on in portugal rather than bullshit ? 
  some idiot who is karma reaping was publishing yesterday night an already totally outdated article . 
  this op also seems to be link karma seeking - article seems as clueless about what really might happen since yesterday at 8 pm . . and for fuck \u00b4 s sake the article writer can \u00b4 t even spell check coelho . 
  usually it lasts until the major opposition party has polls that give it the absolute majority which is when it decides to make the government fall after letting it be in place . 
  at least once we punished who we considered to have been responsible for the government fall ( and the torture of having to submit to more electoral campaign ahead of schedule ) by relecting the fallen government with absolute majority . 
  consider also some constitutional details , like parliament can not be dissolved in its first 6 months , and the current president is on his way out and can not call new elections . 
  basically we can \u00b4 t have any new elections till may-june at the earliest . 
  so if government is refused by parliament , or caused to fall , the current ( same pm ) government must remain in functions till new elections , but with diminished powers regarding budget , which actually might mean even more austerity than what we strictly want to do .
