  the eez for the selvagens is fixed and defined and portugal is not looking to change anything of it . 
  eez of 370 miles in the selvagens is impossible , it would include all of the canaries . 
  what has been done there is the obvious , which is divide the eez into half between the canaries and selvagens . 
  light blue area on that link , currently un recognized eez for portugal http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone_of_portugal this is about portugal \u00b4 s new proposal to augment its eez in other areas due to continental shelf laws , in central north atlantic areas - the dark blue area on the link . 
  which spain is objecting to because they are trying to revert decisions which have already been made way back in the past and contest an area which is not being increased or changed in anyway . 
  portugal has an eez in that zone of course . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone_of_portugal it goes halfway between selvagens and the canaries . 
  the thing is portugal is requesting an extension of its eez , rounding it up so to speak ( the dark blue zone on that wikipedia link ) which would not change a thing near the canaries or selvagens or any place near spain but spain is objecting to that just to be contrary regarding the selvagens . 
  you can figure how well that was received . 
   the dogs rarely kill people , last incident was in '11 that does not seem at all rare to me !, 
  2 people in 2 years ? 
  did not work so well in china . 
  in fact a lot if abuses in the name of presenting a good face to foreigners . 
  try diario de noticias in portuguese . 
  we know . 
  nothing seems to bring portuguese and british together as fighting the spanish ( or their french overlords ) but look how funny this is , what spain decided to do at the same time - pissing off the british about gibraltar . 
  accepting mediation of the european commission currently headed by a former minister for foreign affairs of portugal ( also a former prime minister but the foreign affairs thing is more relevant for this . 
  the dirty fantasy of all portuguese diplomats has got to be to tell spain what they think of spanish territorial ambitions ) . 
  - pissing off portugal over a stupid issue and land which was never theirs ( and making people go all perejil lol ) by taking issue to the un where britain got a permanent seat . 
  not that this will be a security council issue , unless some guard kills an illegal fisherman but still not awesome strategic thinking is it ? 
  go home spain you 're drunk . 
  it is the text more or lesa reported in portuguese media as well - the only version in english so far . 
  this made a couple paper front pages in portugal . 
  president of portugal overnighted there just recently , and he was not camping , so pretty impressive for `` rocks '' . 
  these islands http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salvage_islands spain really is trying to piss off every country nearby : morocco , portugal , france over fishing rights on the bay of biscay , gibraltarians and the british . 
  ireland and italy should watch out . 
  if you mean fastest possible , of all possible packages , i found these for portugal meo http://meo.pt/aderir/outros-pacotes/pacotes/fibra?tipo=6#pacotes 200/20 92 $ not sure how many people use this extra fast package , it \u00b4 s much more expensive than normallish 100 mega packages . 
  and their advertised speeds are always pretty conservative estimates , not sure if there are any fines they are afraid of . 
  for comparison i use that company \u00b4 s 30/3 package and frequently measure my internet speed 40-50/10 -15, 
  the article , including the main one is interesting , but damn they could have asked somebody from the south their opinion  for people my parents age , their opinion of why children are getting so much taller has to do with refrigeration and uht packs as well - dairy is now safe !, 
  it \u00b4 s too hot in the south of europe for milk to keep , and milk is/was dangerous , brucellosis . 
  they had to boil milk and let it cool and boiled milk is disgusting . 
  yogurts , refrigerated milk , easy no-fridge needed uht all that only started to became common here in the 1970s . 
  ok , did not know , only know we invoked emergency and had only heard about the 2 croatian planes . 
  it \u00b4 s appreciated and i am sure they will help . 
  you were the only country which did btw . 
  last i heard 5 planes were fighting a particularly threatening fire near porto , might be some of those . 
  if the fire gets to a place with gas cannisters , it will not be good . 
  read it again then , and think some more . 
  spain is not australia and does not have australia \u00b4 s natural resources nor is australia ( of the many atrocious mining billionaires ) quite utopia . 
   and now we have again a left wing movement with an union promising to fight the poverty , distribute the farm land between the day laborers and universal education and health care . 
  and of course what they promise is what they will ( or even are able to ) achieve , if only somebody will put then in power . 
  righhhhtttt . 
  oh heck , i feel like i should give out copies of animal farm to everybody on this thread , just in case ( hey , it \u00b4 s on public domain on australia , just saying ), 
   who ? 
  it has been organized by an union . 
  all the material was stored in the vehicle of an union member . 
  who is going to have first pick of that stuff ? 
  who is going to hear first to be on this place at this hour when they redistribute the loot ? 
  friends and neighbours ? 
  who decides who gets what ? 
  that is my point . 
  hmm . 
  edit - and wtf occupying farm land has to do with government not providing school materials to children in need , i have no idea . 
   i want to remember everybody that the education is a public service and the government has the responsability of ensuring that everybody as access to it . 
  what has got to do with the supermarkets ? 
  if the government is not supplying education for free , why should people be able to help themselves to free merchandise from the supermarkets ? 
   your proposal is giving up that and asking for charity . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  asking for charity is much better than stealing !, 
  people who can help might * want * to help if given a chance to do it . 
  but nobody likes things just being taken `` for redistribution '' ( oh yeah , i bet i can guess who helped themselves first to the loot ) . 
  if charity is omg embarassing ( pride is a rich people \u00b4 s thing btw ) then why not set up a boycott , or a strike or something ? 
   anyways , such acts are rather publicity stunts to make people aware of the plight they are . 
  i do not think it works that way . 
  this type of tactics backfires . 
  people who otherwise would be very sympathetic condemn this . 
   edit : it 's not like there are other options . 
  do you have any sugestion ? 
  set up a bank/storage to collect all used text books - assuming you pay for textbooks , those are the real expense in my country . 
  for free , or set up some sort of scheme ( internet ? ), 
  where people can swap those . 
  collect used but usable school materials from people , or offices or companies . 
  talk with supermarkets and manufacturers if they have damaged material they can use . 
  discuss and pressure schools to reduce materials strictly necessary . 
  i would assume blackmail wanting to force airbus to move part of a350 production into hamburg . 
  want the money ? 
  we want somewhat different condtions than we agreed to . 
  particularly with elections coming up . 
  airbus makes an announcement regarding more a350 work in germany , lufthansa makes an airbus exclusive order and airbus gets their pre-agreed loan . 
  lufthansa order supposed to be large , 50-60 large wide body planes . 
  i sort of pity lufthansa though , they got some inevitable political pressure on what to order . 
  btw , i am cynic talking out of my ass so to speak . 
  but come on , this is pretty clearly what is going on . 
  this is interesting . 
  this is a lot of money and jobs . 
  lufthansa supposed to do a big plane order within a couple weeks , just before the elections . 
  posturing regarding that order ? 
  countries with population above 5 million only and i guess that is why norway was not included . 
  i guess it is about that no ? 
  the other two preconditions were life expectancy over 70 ( kinda of cheating imo ) and per capita income above a small value . 
  i guess those were not the issue . 
  oooh . 
  from banning chocolate importation to invading nato countries in one month . 
  that would be quick escalation indeed . 
  we got a world cup qualifier coming up , hmm . 
  if they do start ww3 do we get assigned a 3-0 win ? 
  i did not know that about porto . 
  i suspect if they have not done it till now it might be illegal . 
  otoh aut\u00e1rquicas this year !,
