  from this point of view http://www.demilked.com/magazine/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/nordic-landscape-nature-photography-iceland-24.jpg or the other linked http://nordicfoodfestival.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/2015/07/iceland-insane.jpg not sure if that would be the problem . 
  like it or not , whatever . 
  but if 25 % of it was forested not long ago , it is silly to decry the unforested state as some kind of aesthetical choice , particularly when aesthetics are so personal . 
  it \u00b4 s not often a problem `` it would be so beautiful bare , were it not for those annoying trees '' . 
  it \u00b4 s very striking as it is , just like there are amazing photos of things like mines and quarries and cities . 
  it \u00b4 s not necessarily more beautiful like that . 
  i don \u00b4 t actually like it btw , so dark , the erosion , the way the road stands out from the rest of the scenery . 
  it \u00b4 s probably better on real life . 
  of the stark naked hills and erosion ? 
  that first one , i don \u00b4 t know , beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
  it \u00b4 s spare and austere but ^ ( it \u00b4 s got some similarities to a strip mine ) . 
  some trees would not spoil it . 
  they might even make the road and erosion less noticeable . 
  not that i think they could hold it . 
  but nothing wrong with trees . 
  a tree ? 
  wow . 
  blood sausage is not bizarre in europe . 
  is there any country which doesn \u00b4 t have a variety at least ? 
  ryanair will say everything for free press headlines . 
  other things ryanair has announced : - toilet charges - standing only fares - very peculiar routes and airplane investments, 
  that is nice , but remember the judges and prosecutors being expelled and so on ? 
  not sure where east timor is headed ... remember how east timor supported equatorial guinea entering the cplp ? 
  yeah , a lot of money changed hands for sure over that , in a lot of places . 
  no , the one everybody always forgets is s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 . 
  mozambique is fine doing their own life and making angola look like a nouveau riche idiot . 
  guin\u00e9-bissau is busy at the corner with some uh , substances and worrying everybody . 
  east timor would not help anybody without hefty bribes being paid to somebody , or alot of somebodies . 
  brazil would be too busy trying to play superpower and would not be able to find portugal in a map anyway . 
  angola would , because where else would they go shopping or to restaurants ? 
  cape verde would , of course . 
  and they are and were always our favorite anyway , and most functional country of the lot . 
  historically throughout some centuries , england , and later the uk when it was formed . 
  now it \u00b4 s difficult to pick just one of the general eu / nato ( mostly the usa ) and the other portuguese speaking countries . 
  all of them , or none of them . 
  there is an old saying : if you see your enemy making a mistake , don \u00b4 t stop him . 
  i have long been of the opinion that a lot of polemic russian foreign policy statements are made when the speaker is drunk . 
  not that it should be excused or ignored , but yeah , some of them have hit the vodka for sure before hitting the microphones . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of cold by our standards . 
  houses are cooling . 
  last week or the one before was lovely , kind of perfect weather , better than summer , best time of the year . 
  it might get to 12 at night . 
  there was this guy running away from the police for a few weeks on the wild in some hills on central portugal , it probably gets to 5 or lower there . 
  he turned himself over to the police just now . 
  i bet last night was pretty cold there . 
  it \u00b4 s not winter yet , fuck it . 
  it \u00b4 s not even st martin \u00b4 s yet . 
  lem me have some autumn in peace . 
  3000 meters horizontal no problem . 
  but i get the feeling that is a bit more than 3000 meters if taking into account horizontal . 
  in the north , the plateau tras-os-montes ( basically weather a lot more like castille than the rest of portugal ) is pretty similar . 
  and in mountains as well . 
  but i am by the coast , in lisbon . 
  in my lifetime i remember snowing twice ( weirdly in consecutive years , february sundays ) and it was funny , by the river it melted before reaching ground , middle city at about 40-50 meteres altitude it melted on the ground , in the higher plateau of the city near the airport , enough snow to form snowballs , lasted maybe 20 minutes . 
  we had hail storms much more impressive . 
  but here it does not miss . 
  and supposedly it \u00b4 s due to the azores anticyclone moving a bit , and arguably the azores anticyclone is ours ours ours , so we are entitled to our st martin \u00b4 s summer . 
  still some times , unless it was late october , which was very very nice . 
  i said here , and i mean my city . 
  and it does snow ocasionally and when it does it might be worth posting . 
  but the hail was so much more impressive . 
  there is winter , or pretty much winter like your coastal areas , just with longer days , in the central and north interior . 
  mountains and a plateau , houses with central heating , snow ocasionally , snow removal vehicles . 
  just not my part of portugal which was what i meant . 
  refugees actually get something called rendimento m\u00ednimo de inser\u00e7\u00e3o . 
  it \u00b4 s not quite minimum wage , but it \u00b4 s something you can \u00b4 t just sign for ( but refugees with asylum status qualify ) and there are strings and conditions or you can lose it ( that is the point of it , it \u00b4 s a carrot rather than a stick , conditions like children \u00b4 s school attendance , like not committing crimes , attending rehab if necessary ) . 
  it \u00b4 s maybe 250-300 euros a month not sure . 
  i bet that like . 
  about 3 % of the portuguese population qualifies for it , a lot are children . 
  we are still due st martin \u00b4 s summer !, 
  i will sue if we don \u00b4 t get one . 
  but fuck it not like that , and hopefully as mild as possible . 
  to be fair , the person with feet on their seat , it happens everywhere i guess . 
  teens usually have the grace to look ashamed and remove their feet if you look at them wrong , but there was some foreigner adult woman on the metro the other day which not even that . 
  when it snows ** here ** , that would be worth posting indeed . 
  lol . 
  winter , as little as possible . 
  it was on rua da alfandega , just off terreiro do pa\u00e7o . 
  they had lots of other really japanese cakes , and some rather nice japanese lunch menus . 
  i said `` used to be '' because it closed maybe 2-3 years , chef went to japan http://castelladopaulo.com/ supposed to came back still waiting . 
  place is now another restaurant , and i imagine the rents have been raised exponentially as well on that area . 
  i do not even like castella , just like i don \u00b4 t like p\u00e3o de l\u00f3 , but the other food was actually great . 
  ( there used to be a great japanese caf\u00e9 in lisbon which served castella bread , which fuck was totally recognizable as its source , only if slightly different . 
  tempura as well , comes from peixinhos da horta ), 
  all films of course , in every foreign language . 
  i still know some japanese words from anime i watched when i was a kid . 
   over here we usually do live subtitling , which means some spelling errors and such , but still no dubbing . 
  the american presidential debates were broadcast live but with a small delay ( 1 or 2 minutes ) so it could be subtitled live . 
  for the presidential debate that is fine i guess , but for something like the oscars , i think people do not want the delay of even 1 or 2 minutes . 
  just no commenting or commenting criteriously is best . 
  also apparently due to tv box and cable news delays , sometimes some channels are a few seconds off , this can be really critical in football matches if you live in a building with neighbours which are enthusiastic fans , if their tv is faster you got spoilers already if something is going to be a goal or not . 
   are n't you exaggerating a bit here ? 
  i watch most of my films in english nowadays but except for some fantasy films/series where they germanise the names of people and locations or something i do n't have any problems with it . 
  if you are not used to dubbing , you can have a pretty visceral `` wrong '' reaction to it . 
  same way people here are complaining about voice overs , and people used to it are explaining it \u00b4 s not so bad and they see advantages on it . 
   are n't interviews and speeches in the uk generally dubbed on the news ? 
  from another country which subtitles , yes sometimes things are dubbed on the news ( and lol , always on the radio ) but that is a very small detail , and usually just a news snippet of a few seconds , not comparable . 
  something else which is usually voice covered is live transmission of an event in another language , where you got some stressed reporter listening and then trying to summarize what was just said . 
  i think in the last couple years the live transmissions of the oscars ( ! ), 
  in portugal tried to leave a lot more untranslated so people could hear the original ( if you are awake and watching at that time of the night chances are your english is good enough anyway ) .
