  sometimes it \u00b4 s better to say outloud the things you take for granted that everybody knows . 
  close everything during the day , keep the sun out . 
  when it \u00b4 s cooler outside than inside , open all the windows , preferrably on opposite sides to get a draft circulating . 
   our houses are stuffed with insulation , the heat does n't leave that keeps the heat from getting in as well !, 
  the idea is you close everything during the day , and your insulation will help the heat from the sun getting in . 
  when it \u00b4 s cooler outside than inside , you open everything to get a breeze through . 
   the report has plenty examples of people dying inside purpose built concrete shelters from asphyxiation when the oxygen is sucked out by the fire . 
  i know . 
  my point was about a tank boiling people alive , and even the link you provide us was not clear about it ever happening even in that spa . 
  the outdoor spa ? 
  very sad , but it does not say they were inside a filled pool or that the water boiled , they could have died of asfixation or the water just not being enough protection . 
  i think it \u00b4 s important to be rigorous about it , because it \u00b4 s probably much much safer to seek refuge from a wild fire in a water tank ( particularly if made of concrete , or a pool ) than to not go inside one because of unfounded fears it would boil . 
  was it a metal enclosed tank ? 
  and do you have a source , btw ? 
  it \u00b4 s very interesting ( sadly ) . 
  because i can \u00b4 t really see it happening to this tank http://static.globalnoticias.pt/storage/dn/2017/big/ng8605714.jpg http://visao.sapo.pt/actualidade/sociedade/2017-06-19-ainda-nao-encontraram-o-meu-filho the forest fire will burn very hotly but not very long . 
  and obviously it did not happen in this case , since they were saved and according to their own reports they spent the night in the water and only suffered burns from the air . 
  it takes a lot for a pool of water to boil . 
  water has a tremendous heat capacity , i think it would be unprecendented for a forest fire , to provide enough energy for that . 
  i have certainly never heard of a forest fire boiling relatively large pools or tanks of water . 
  and it has been pointed out to me , the water being cooler , will help provide an updraft and keep the air just on top of it clearer of smoke . 
  go watch the drone footage of the aftermath if you can stomach it , and see how many more pines are there than eucalyptus . 
  ( and mimosas are another problem , which adds kindling ) it \u00b4 s stupid to think the problem is the eucalyptus and only the eucalyptus , and it gets on the way of better practices for the future . 
  if you cut every eucalyptus in portugal , and planted pine trees and left mimosa to flourish you would get this just the same . 
  it \u00b4 s stupid . 
  i saw dry thunder twice yesterday . 
  see this post somebody put on r/portugal of a dry storm in pavia . 
  check the lightning strikes over the last 24 hours here https://www.lightningmaps.org/blitzortung/europe/index.php it would be really nice if we could blame one thing , whether eucalyptus or arson, 
  planted intentionally . 
  mind you the stupid acacias were brought over as ornamentals and they are a huge problem . 
  in my opinion it \u00b4 s much more complicated than just eucalyptus is bad and if we stopped planting them we would have no forest fires . 
  particularly because eucalyptus is mostly replacing pines , and pines are not less flammable , and in fact if not regularly cleaned ( not easy to do on the hills which are typical of portugal ) they provide this carpet of kindling . 
  though pine is not so tall and burns lower , but more horizontal . 
  it \u00b4 s complicated . 
  would you believe it \u00b4 s far more complicated than that ? 
  because while eucalyptus is very flammable , so is pine , which is what is mostly replacing . 
  and then there are acacias ( mimosas ) , an invasive species which reproduces aided by fire , and which is perfect kindling in summer - as is dry pine leaves ( caruma ) . 
  it \u00b4 s complicated . 
  not really . 
  breezy but cloudy not . 
  unless maybe at the west coast when there is no wind but it tends to clear by 10-11 am . 
  it 's actually on the coast . 
  there is always a breeze and more moderate temperatures near the ocean , it 's just all the other places are not right by the ocean . 
  and today is windy - sea is quite dangerous today . 
   i 'm not sure about europe , but in the us it violates the 5th amendment  so being coerced to provide evidence that can be used against you in the future , before you 've committed any crime , fingerprinting is for id , it \u00b4 s not to keep a police database that they run . 
  and people to be arrested or kept arrested you got judges which inquire what were the steps police took to find that person and what evidence do they have . 
  i really don \u00b4 t get this paranoia about fingerprints and corrupt police . 
   you say that the judges would take care of corrupt police , but how would a judge know the difference between a frameup and an actual crime ? 
  well , one should up they do and envolving far more things than fingerprints !, 
  i don \u00b4 t even get the logic , if somebody is using fingerprints to set up a fake crime , that would be way easier to do doing things far more encriminating . 
   besides , would n't it just be easier to not give the police these kinds of tools to start with ? 
  you are not giving the police the tool , you are giving the state a tool to positively identify you , as you change your face , your signature . 
  you only see the drawbacks of all it possibly can be used against , but this makes identity theft a lot more unlikely , this makes your privacy a lot safer . 
  you need a an id card , you need to renew your id card , your fingerprints must match . 
  what is so awful about fingerprinting children ? 
  what is so awful about fingerprinting in general ? 
  if i was going to commit a crime where i would be worried about getting caught with fingerprints , i would use gloves . 
  ( no plans ) . 
  if any kind of police system would use my fingerprints to unlawfully incriminate me , we got judges to be fussy about it and tell them to go fuck off . 
  every 6 year old , has given their biometrics for their citizen \u00b4 s card . 
  it \u00b4 s a way to ensure identity , far safer than signature or facial recognition . 
   just compared it with hungary being 1000-1100 years old yet still some look at us as `` outsiders '' have you kept your own armed forces and independent goverment for all those 1000 years ? 
  have your borders been stable for 700ish years ? 
  because in maps of europe 200 , 300 , 150 years ago , you do not show up . 
  english ca n't distinguish between plural and singular you . 
  always a dead giveaway for google translate . 
  with that specific name yeah and continuous entities like army and government yeah or a little shorter . 
  we got a little problem with say celebrating our independence day because they were quite sloppy at recording exact days or even years at the time . 
  but 2039 will be a big deal . 
  nevermind say hometown lisbon . 
  other cities got days and years and can celebrate anniversaries . 
  we ca n't , never mind the date , you think of a year and there is some older archaeological remain around . 
  and forget about digging on castle hill , you ca n't dig or you find stuff and are classified as a national monument . 
  lol kind of a portuguese thing . 
  we put a lot of flags up for euro2004 , fuck if we removed them , so some years of sun , rain and wind lots of faded flags . 
  finally gone i guess but there might be some relics around still . 
  we got to start planning our 900th anniversary soon . 
  you will be seeing a lot of this flag by then , you copycat newbies . 
  it did not disappear , it 's still there in the quinas . 
  we just added some stuff . 
  arraial on the eve , the first arraial of the summer . 
  if we get a football match on the 9th or the 10th of june even better - we got one last night ( if it \u00b4 s on the 10th inevitable newspaper cover `` dia de portugal !, 
  '' ) , sardines , beer , sangria , music , cherries , plus the jacarandas are usually still blooming . 
  then on the day itself , sleep late , maybe go to the beach . 
  some politicians and military guys will probably do some stuff on the day itself . 
  maybe an arraial on the night also if the 10th is a friday or saturday . 
  then in lisbon we do it again for the 13th , except in that case will be religious guys and not politicians . 
  do it again for corpus christii which often falls around in june . 
  some places will do it again for the 24th , others will do it for the 29th . 
  june is our month . 
  no , it \u00b4 s the full best possible squad , particularly since they get two days of break and then they go to russia for the fucking stupid confederations cup ( which will harm our form next summer , assuming we qualify for the world cup ) . 
  but 3-0 is perfectly respectable , european qualifiers can be really hard . 
  supposedly there is a very big gap between teams but in practice when smaller teams are playing the most famous team in their group , they play at their best , they play the game of their lives ( sometimes literally ) defending and can be really difficult to break since they kind of have nothing to lose . 
  we once tied liechtenstein ( and made the world cup semifinals year after and only went out with a dodgy penalty call ) and almost every match day of european qualifiers there is a surprising result . 
  3-0 is an extremely respectable result . 
  not really , last night we were the ones playing latvia , they beat hungary . 
  both andorra and the faroe islands are not last in the group . 
  poor latvia . 
  he can donate it to us , we will take it . 
  probably closer and might profit a lot of people working indirectly for him ( interesting story on the news about the connections between zara and some textile plants working for zara for 30 years continuously ) .
