  they were really asking to be shot down , weren \u00b4 t they ? 
  it \u00b4 s almost funny how douche-baggery these guys are . 
  guys , you are flying slow bombers , over the sea ( where there is no harm if things come crashing down from the sky , splash ) without any escort fighter planes , many thousand kilometers from home and any support aircraft . 
  we admire the effort , and feel sorry for the crew considering the environmental qualities ( vibrations and noise ) typical of soviet engineering of that period and they must have had to put up with it for 10 or 12 hours . 
  but it \u00b4 s not very scary or impressive , is it ? 
  if only they had lots of proper aircraft carriers ... ( i can not help making fun of this . 
  my sense of humor is probably defective but bitches , please ... ), 
  do you have a source for disrupted civil aviation ? 
  i am not doubting they could have had , but to be fair to the russians , i have not really heard anything that they actually did . 
  i am making fun of it ( that poor russian crew ... ) but to be fair , in this case , not sure they have put any civilians ( or portuguese military ) at risk or even inconvenience . 
  yesterday there was , i am sure , a lot of disruption of civil aviation in lisbon airport , with the tap cabin crew strike . 
  just not sure anybody noticed any real problems because of this . 
  pass the vodka , comrade ... 
  with slow turboprop bombers which must be carrying fuel to go back home and portugal having f-16 fighters they would be extremely stupid to try it . 
  it \u00b4 s one thing to do with with fighter jets dipping a couple hundred meters across the border while being very fast , with these planes and our sea border , stupid . 
  we could shoot them , legal and all . 
  and no civilians involved . 
  photo http://www.emfa.pt/www/noticia-712-f16-intercetam-aeronaves-russas that is one of the most unfortunate looking pieces of soviet engineering ever , which is saying something . 
  the clients which paid in hard currency and on time are now not buying or buying less . 
  and the prices of oil and gas going down . 
  they need the clients whose good will they were kind of buying to start paying now and in hard currencies or some poor billionaires will have less income this trimester than expenses . 
  economic exclusive areas are not correspondent to airspace , but i can not easily find on google a map of airspace and the eez map was easy to find and kind of showed the geography i meant . 
  i found this map , source the washington post i believe about the other incursion , a few days ago http://i.imgur.com/ttxuiwf.png and if route is accurate , from there , i do not see how if they are infringing on portuguese airspace , how they avoided dipping into spanish airspace . 
  go northeast to avoid ireland and then go around and try to avoid norway to make it to the arctic ocean back home ? 
  i actually think they chose the planes to send because of their range , lol . 
  on the baltic they play around with fast fighter planes dipping into other countries \u00b4 s airspace to play rattling the sabres , in our case ( portugal \u00b4 s ) they have to send old slow turbo props bombers ( gon na bomb what , out of our territorial waters ? ), 
  of which the norwegian and brits warn us far in advance . 
  oh russia , go home , you are drunk again . 
  question is still valid . 
  how the fuck can they go from british to portuguese airspace without going through either irish or spanish air space ? 
  i am going with irish because of the map used by the daily mail . 
  theoretically maybe they could go from norwegian airspace to norwegian controlled airspace and british or british controlled airspace near the shetland islands and manage to reach portuguese airspace north of the airspace without getting near irish airspace ( poor russian guys , that had to have been very boring . 
  actually all of this has to be . 
  good thing they have their own fuel sources as well , it will be expensive ) . 
  but the maps and data media says means a much closer to mainland europe route . 
  did they go through irish ( or spanish ) airspace or not ? 
  edit to add a map , about what i mean http://www.europeanunionmaps.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/exclusive-economic-zones-of-the-european-union-map.png, 
  sorry for the source , but more info , with an interesting map and timeline http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2814350/raf-jets-scramble-intercept-russian-bombers-north-sea.html i think portuguese control air space was the limit of their range rather than us scaring them off ( though you never know actually ) , they again turned back . 
  a stupid question , but how the fuck , can they get from british to portuguese air space ( or airspace under their control which i think is a different thing but not different in the context of this question ) without going through irish or spanish airspace in between ? 
  from the map it looks like they went through irish airspace ? 
  doesn \u00b4 t ireland have an air force with an interest in the matter ? 
  ( i actually think our air force would absolutely love to be able to shoot one these and blame it on the bermuda triangle but am sure they will be able to behave properly ), 
   and here i am , eating cookies and studying hemorrhoids , with nuclear bombers at my door . 
  i don \u00b4 t know how to tell you this , but you know nuclear submarines with ballistic missiles ? 
  the us has tons , the uk and france has some , russia has a few noisier ones ( so probably the us knows where they are ) , china has or is trying to make a few even noisier ones . 
  they could be anywhere and those missiles have a reach enough to bomb anywhere from the middle of a relevant ocean . 
  and it \u00b4 s been like that this for decades and decades . 
  for fun you can also check one the time france and britain managed to bump nuclear armed nuclear submarines in middle and bottom of the north atlantic . 
  you mean , go to spanish time ? 
  the funny thing is that spain , on the same longitude as portugal and the uk more or less ( galicia ) , has some insanely late dining hours . 
  people will have lunch at 2 pm , in portugal at 1 pm . 
  they set out to dinner at 9 pm , in portugal at 8 or earlier - so effectively doing so at the same time , except they are doing everything `` later '' according to the clock . 
  spanish time is imo not very healthy and a symptom of being so out of synch with the sun . 
  btw being on different time than spain is no big deal . 
  we are on different time than the rest of mainland europe anyway , and while border people go back and forth , most of us are in the coast and far from spain and going to spain is about as common , or less common , than going to another european country . 
  from wikipedia because it already describes in english some of the things i remembered and a lot i don \u00b4 t - though ui have very clear memories of everybody complaining particularly in june and december . 
   in 1992 , during cavaco silva government , by decree-law 124/92 , mainland portugal officially changed its time zone from wet ( utc +00:00 ) to cet ( utc +01:00 ) . 
  [ 2 ] [ 10 ] cest ( utc +02:00 ) began to be observed as dst , from the last sunday in march to the last sunday in september . 
  [ 2 ] [ 10 ] the measure , approved without the consultation of lisbon observatory , had the intention of to promote energy savings , to make that `` portugal follow , in work schedules , the countries with which it maintains more frequent contacts '' ( dl 124/92 ) and so , to promote economic growth . 
  [ 10 ] however , the measure quickly proved to be a failure in to achieve its objectives and become unpopular : like in the 1967 -- 1976 period , on winter mornings , sun was still rising at 9:00 , and people went to their works with a completely dark sky . 
  [ 11 ] [ 12 ] obviously , children also went to school with a completely dark sky , and when school classes started , sun was still rising , which had repercussions on their standards of learning , school performance and sleeping habits . 
  [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] it was even common that children fall asleep on the early morning classes . 
  [ 11 ] [ 14 ] in summer evenings , the usage of cet and cest revealed to have a disturbing effect on people 's sleeping habits , particularly on children 's ones as sun was still setting at 22:00 or 22:30 , therefore sky was only completely dark near midnight , and sometimes , only at 1:00 of the following day . 
  [ 11 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] a company hired by european commission conducted a study which concluded that , in fact , no energy savings happened , because in the early morning , due to the dark sky , workers turn on lights in their offices , and forgot to turn them off , leaving them switched on during the rest of the morning , what incremented energy consumption . 
  [ 12 ] [ 14 ] it also emerged concerns about the effect that the coincidence of rush hours with the hottest hours of the day could have in air pollution . 
  [ 12 ] [ 15 ] furthermore , it was observed an increase in the number of assaults on children in the morning , and insurance companies reported a rise in the number of accidents . 
  [ 11 ] [ 16 ] due to all of these concerns and complaints , it became clear that situation could not continue much longer without a new analysis, 
  you guys do not have to speak do loudly all the time . 
  if that implies * us * changing our own local time , no . 
  we tried that , almost 20 years ago and it was horrible in many little ways . 
  by the way our next door neighours that share central european time despite being almost as far from it as we are seem to have been implementing that system for decades , of having changed their wake up and sleep times and it \u00b4 s atrocious imo ( maybe because they do insist on breaking working day with a siesta and leave work really late imo while not getting to it very late and it is soul crushing to share that schedule , what the fuck are you supposed to do between 2 and 5 pm ?! ), 
  the rest of europe can do as it wants to . 
  if they want to change into our timezone , i would dis-advise , but their own problem . 
  everybody loves summer time in summer , when days are long and there is a holiday feeling . 
  but it is different in winter if you have to wake up in the dark , or even darker , than what you are used to . 
  sun rising at 10 am when you were used to seeing it rising at 9 am . 
  the spanish are at the same longitude as most of britain ( even galicia is kind of matching northern ireland as well as portugal ) and they are in central european time and have been for decades - franco followed hitler and stuck , while the uk and portugal went back to gmt after ww2 . 
  but spanish relationship with time and schedules is quite unique and imo not very healthy - huge lunch breaks , working till very late , extremely late meals ... 
  don \u00b4 t do that , britain . 
  i was a kid and remember our most recent experiment at that , and while i am arguably a little bit farther west than most of the uk . 
  it was horrible http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_in_portugal  tom mullarkey , chief executive of the royal society for the prevention of accidents , told the times that if it went ahead it would save 80 lives and more than 200 serious injuries on britain 's roads . 
  explain why . 
  i most certainly do not remember any such thing , in fact i am pretty sure it increased the number of accidents in early morning , particularly in winter . 
  i can not talk for the brits , but being also on western european time and remembering our experience of using central european time fuck that !, 
  being de-synched from the sun so much is awful and tiring in surprising ways . 
  you ended up not even saving any energy , people left lights on through the morning . 
  equal opportunity cheese eater - yes to free market and circulation of cheeses . 
  i will be very happy to try , and like , your country \u00b4 s cheeses , thank you !, 
  the one i eat most and put in everything it can is `` island '' cheese , queijo da ilha , from s\u00e3o jorge island in the azores . 
  cows in the azores , they are pretty happy and it shows in the cheese ( and butter . 
  and milk if you are there , though only uht makes the long trek to the continent ) . 
  i like sheep \u00b4 s milk requeij\u00e3o as well . 
  and roquefort , yes france you are right , nothing quite compares . 
  but send me your cheeses anyway , for scientific testing . 
  also , one more thing - i am for the right to not pasteurize milks used in cheese . 
  it \u00b4 s not the same . 
  label of course , for consumer \u00b4 s right to choose , but make people pasteurize milk , no ... 
  half a plastic bag next year !, 
  so far , it \u00b4 s been scandalous and shocking , but nobody has , so far , and thankfully , got really hurt . 
  if this does not stop , luck does not last forever .
