   that city likely wo n't attract young people for more than a vacation or holiday party . 
  amen . 
  please . 
  thanks for explaining , i get it . 
  from portugal , another historical poor country , saying profuse thanks , or maybe christmas presents to anybody you feel indebted for is not unusual . 
  and emotional blackmail , or presenting reasons ( sorry i was speeding , i really needed a bathroom ! ), 
  for any request to bend rules and usually it works . 
  but apparently at a different level - and a surprisingly large number of people from richer countries seem to think bribing , which they would never try in their own countries , might be ok . 
  maybe with time it will became less usual , or at least more condemnable . 
  the problem with paying extra for extra things is you might be getting them over somebody poorer who can not pay such , and as such , it is unfair . 
  and , ok this might be a particular portuguese mindset , just not polite . 
  it \u00b4 s pretty incredible . 
  people doing it and admitting it without qualms . 
  i think the admitting is even more shocking , using some subtle interests is one thing , admitting to paying for a bribe , it \u00b4 s really wow . 
  it \u00b4 s not even about legalities , or ethics , it \u00b4 s about using money to buy something you want over other people , taking advantage , like jumping a queue , it \u00b4 s just really really crass . 
  not even pretending to be polite . 
   how she gave a bribe for her son not to go into that class . 
  wow . 
   we need to get some flag/symbol from the roman times for the union roman ?!? 
  roman ?!? 
  in minho or galicia , roman is the new , intruder stuff !, 
  i have few times in my life heardsuch a sneer as i once heard in the voice of a guide in a citania '' ignore that , that is roman and recent '' , and it was not the only time . 
  2143 i don \u00b4 t have much fear of it not existing , portugal is portugal , desenrascan\u00e7o is not to be underestimated . 
  some other countries might be equally likely to survive as they are , denmark noticeably ( who must have already celebrated the 1000th or being close ) , switzerland ... 
  we should start thinking about 2043 and what we should do about it . 
  1943 was no fun , people were having a war back then and even here well not so nice . 
  1843 not sure what was done , and not nice times either . 
  radical idea , get some of that debt paid off till then . 
  think about building some sea barriers maybe . 
  salazar had many flaws but ( and i can \u00b4 t believe i am starting a sentence like this ) he managed to consistently dislike and distrust both franco and hitler . 
  not that he let that get into the way of any mutually beneficial agreements , but like franco he did not . 
  and i think it was reciprocal , each was the other \u00b4 s most despised type . 
  and it \u00b4 s not like everybody did not know about the hendaye deal . 
  that was not the old flag . 
  that was the second newest flag . 
  pfh . 
  yeah , absolutely we are all over 80 years at least . 
  just us and the seagulls . 
  and they cut the electricity 2 months ago for lack of payment . 
  and the weather is bad , bad . 
  it \u00b4 s not actually that cheap , not when compared to eastern europe . 
  just did a ctrl + f on this thread and what a relief . 
  look east . 
  if it exists , it \u00b4 s in eastern europe for sure . 
  east . 
  nothing here , move along , move along . 
   so salazar time is counted as republic time ? 
  well , he wasn \u00b4 t a monarch , so yes , it was a republic . 
  it was the * second * republic ( or `` the other lady '' ) . 
  after the revolution we call our republic , the third republic . 
   i do n't see why the two are connected . 
  why would i find it more-compelling to leave if my wages are cut via inflation versus via having to change jobs ? 
  because one thing affects all and everybody , including the more skillfull , while unemployment is targeted and will affect mostly the less skilled . 
  and if you got to have emigration , it \u00b4 s better it is from the less skilled and alreadty unemployed or unemployable rather than the skilled and necessary . 
   the issue that people will leave for germany given freedom of labor is , it seems to me , a broader issue , and unrelated to the one of currency choice . 
  in economics very little is unrelated !, 
  and no , your reply in no way answers . 
  devaluing currency with free circulation of people and capital seems like an extremely bad idea , particularly when there are no guarantees it would solve a trade inbalance since exports are mostly transformative and there is little room for instant increases in industry capacity . 
  leaving the euro is not the same thing as time travelling back in time so it was not joined in the first place . 
  live by the sword , die by the sword . 
  what he did to seguro can be done , and with a lot more justification to him . 
  and presidentials are coming , and two candidates and isn \u00b4 t that going to be a lovely mess . 
  i think it will be good for ps on the long , or even medium , term , to clean up house really well and get rid of the connotations of socratism , of dinosaur attitudes ... 
  when last week he had the nerve to explicitly invite seguro to walk down chiado with him , i * knew * this guy was not going to be prime minister , no way . 
  so , the weather and the football in the end didn \u00b4 t matter for the abstention . 
  or maybe the effect of jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates going voting live on the lunchtime news ( of course he would , of course he would ) made enough people go out and vote to more than balance that . 
  and if there are any seguro sightings tonight let me know . 
  now that is somebody who is going to have a great night . 
   how many of the parties running are full of arse-holes ? 
  being portuguese , we obviously consider about all politicians are arseholes ( or perhaps naive innocent souls too delicate for politics and to be in power ) . 
  so all of them . 
  some might be worse than others , in different or more serious ways . 
  and they are in all parties . 
  in a country which has problems with desertification of the interior , that also has problems . 
  at least as currently is , with large parties taking care to nominate mostly local candidates , at least it \u00b4 s a chance for the lesser populated areas to be at least represented . 
  sometimes for their advantage , remember the limiano cheese factory ? 
  there are no ideal methods . 
  all got drawbacks . 
  i have asked this before , many times , and nobody has ever explained to me . 
  in a market with free circulation of people and goods , assuming changing to a new currency will lead to its inevitable devaluation , what do you think it would happen to emigration ? 
  how to keep doctors and nurses and masons if their salaries go down and they can move anywhere else in the eu ? 
  also not sure if our industry is of the kind which can scale up production to take advantage of a week currency , because a lot of it is transformative and would still need to import materials in a weak currency , while having a lot of trouble planning adequately expansion in a free moving currency . 
   how about investing in national production , i think some was invested , and not unwisely , some industries seem to be picking up . 
  in what other fields , or what specific investments , do you think deserve special attention ? 
  do you think the corporate tax rate should be lowered ? 
  i was thinking mostrou of spain admittedly . 
  but if you look at the portuguese and greek revolutions and dictatorships you will see already very different patterns . 
  what surprises me is that portugal is not seeing a podemos and ciudadanos kind of parties , like they are and have surged in greece , italy and spain . 
  i think we are naturally , have been for a while , too cynical to take these type of parties seriously . 
  also we have had a real life , effective , revolution in our recent , living memory . 
  yeah , shocking isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  liking trees over bare erosion marked land ... 
  trees . 
  so kinky , isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  btw more seriously now , iceland reminds me inevitably of the azores , same mid atlantic ridge volcanic islands , just a little further down . 
  where there are trees , though low , close hugging kind of tree ( not all trees are really high , in fact in windy areas , close growing is far more common ) . 
  the scale is a little different , 9 small islands rather than a large one , but seriously i do not think it suffers in comparison because of vegetation . 
  they are all , mid atlantic ridge islands extremely beautiful . 
  really tall trees to hide that crater though from the river side . 
  actually trees high enough to hide that crater might be even more interesting than that view , i certainly would find them so .
