  wot ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think they even had dukedoms back them , it was all counts . 
  the first duke which shows up in portugal is on the xvth century and the first duke of porto is a princess in the 19th century . 
  i think you are confusing the condado portucalense which was at times a vassal of the kingdom of galicia and sometimes rebelling from it , but what we consider portuguese independence is later than that http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/county_of_portugal and it \u00b4 s two instances . 
  the second instance , it most certainly was what we call the independence of portugal and was from the kingdom of leon ( the kingdom of gallicia had already been absorbed into it ) in the treaty of zamora . 
  the other inmates at his prison apparently are not too impressed with him . 
  10 years ago , in lisbon protests against gay marriage and demanding a referendum the soundtrack they picked for their protests was `` we are family '' http://www.dn.pt/inicio/portugal/interior.aspx?content_id=1500321&amp;page=-1 i had forgotten about that till i saw your post . 
  lol . 
  what is that saying in english , what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander ? 
   so yes , our relation with cod fish is like the british people with tea . 
  no , it \u00b4 s a lot older than that and probably deeper as well - a lot of the discoveries were only possible because we were already a country of deep sea fishermen . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t !, 
  i love the azores . 
  and australia is fine where it is . 
  though yeah , arguably australia would sink in the mid of the atlantic anyway and the azores still be floating around . 
  they sunk the azores , the bastards !, 
  this means war . 
  ( or maybe not , the atlantic can be pretty deep in the middle , australia would surely sink in the center and maybe the azores reach up victoriously . 
  the mid atlantic ridge is made from very tall mountains indeed , they are just icerberg-like under water mostly ), 
  mocking is not nice . 
  but i read the quote  belgian mep guy verhofstadt , who leads the alde ( alliance of liberals and democrats for europe ) group at strasbourg , welcomed mr farage by calling him `` a man of his word '' . 
   `` nigel farage has sent a letter to nigel farage saying , ' i resign , ' and nigel farage has responded to nigel farage saying , ' i refuse ' , '' he joked . 
  `` that 's the way it works there . '', 
  it \u00b4 s too good not to love !, 
  and it is gentle teasing ... 
   why would a portuguese give 29 reasons not to visit his own country . 
  i look at the queue sometimes for things i would not mind using like elevador de santa justa or some of the trams and am tempted . 
  nevermind how a lot of staff at tourist-y type places became so rude and cold for portuguese people . 
  and the tuktuks . 
  yes , and more , those anti immigrant demonstrations recently . 
  really scary . 
  south africa , what are you doing in that company ? 
   i do n't know , if we get mostly refugees from guinea-bissau you know what happened with the syrians from that flight from bissau ? 
  http://rr.sapo.pt/informacao_detalhe.aspx?fid=26&amp;did=133547 http://www.dn.pt/inicio/portugal/interior.aspx?content_id=3599692 they have nothing in common with guineenses except they were there for a few hours to pick up a plane . 
  if you meant real guineans from guinea bissau , sure , that would be logic and make sense if they came here rather to another country . 
  that is very interesting , thanks . 
  but i think op is not a sikh and is , presumably , as usual in europe an `` omnivore with no dietary restrictions '' like i had mentioned in the rest of the paragraph . 
  that is halal meat !, 
  if you eat meat or fish and have ethical issues regarding the way the animal is killed , it \u00b4 s admirable , but i should warn you that link seems to be from indonesia . 
  where i am sure many things regarding animal welfare are done a bit differently than in europe . 
  and the animal still gets killed . 
  so if your objection is to the way the animal is killed , just thinking avoiding halal meat is enough , is silly . 
  what do you know about abattoir methods in the country of origin of all meat you consume and then halal or kosher ( not the same thing , but with some similarites ) food can be vegetarian for example , in no way does halal food have to be meat based . 
  you object to animal cruelty , but surely halal hummus and bread or vegetable stew with eggs is much less cruel than non-halal meat !, 
  op above will faint - and never eat apples again , i am sure . 
  and thanks for the reply , i did think so , but just making sure . 
  worse , they might make you eat vegan food ? 
  or vegetarian dishes !, 
  or gluten free porridge !, 
  / s seriously , dude ? 
  kosher or halal how is that an issue to anybody ? 
  if you are an omnivore with no dietary restrictions eating food with some restrictions blessed or prepared according to some religious requirements of a religion you do not follow in any way harming you ? 
  by the way just to check , but say an apple or orange , straight from the tree , that is kosher and/or halal ? 
  fruits ? 
  i am not british , and and i mean asia , all of it , from eastern istanbul to japan when i say asia . 
  seriously i have had arguments on reddit before about whether the syria or iran were in asia . 
  probably time immemorial or as close to it as it can get in western europe . 
  castle hill is an obvious place for human settlement , and well , it is nice , fresh drinking water , fishing and birds . 
  neolithic remains all over , but not sure when to start to call it a city or village . 
  phoenician settlement remains from around 3200 years ago are probably the earliest we can call it a city , i guess . 
  edit and to add , because just remembered , there is an old myth , that the name of the city of lisbon , olissippo , came from the name of ulysses , who founded it during his travels . 
  it \u00b4 s obviously not in the odyssey and that story seems to have been made up by the romans , nobody knows the real origin of the name , maybe from phoenician for safe harbour , maybe from an autoctone name for the river . 
  but the archaelogical remains of the earlier urban type settlements , attributed to the phoenicians , are from more or less the same time as the trojan war , or what we assume to be it . 
  same time scale at least . 
  you are right about that , it doesn \u00b4 t. 
  nor does it for very short . 
  it \u00b4 s a formula derived in the 19th century from population studies , the real shape of weight distribution for `` normalish '' weight people is shaped a bit differently than that curve . 
  iirc the very tall can have bmi \u00b4 s a bit higher than the interval considered normal , the very short , a little lower . 
  bmi also does not work for children . 
  interestingly enough in asian countries the bmi which is considered desired is lower , not due to aesthetics , but iirc due to higher risk of diabetes at lower bmi than for western populations . 
   only people i hear complaining about bmi are those that score above 25 . 
  that seems to be the majority of the population , or at least will be , soon -- ish , though . 
   people with a lot of muscle for example are usually classified as overweight . 
  very few people , percentage wise , have enough muscle to skew that . 
  if your bmi is overweight or obese ( any of those categories of obese ) the most likely answer is that it \u00b4 s fat , not muscle ( or `` heavy '' bones , an excuse which never made sense to me ) . 
  it is true that bmi is a simple formula which tries to fit into human demographics and arguably it \u00b4 s not a perfect indicator particularly for the very muscular , very short or very tall . 
  but for numbers like this : 74 % of men or 64 % of women , it \u00b4 s not the fault of the formula believe me !, 
   the health booklet showed a smiling young boy clearly anxious to grow taller . 
  next to him was a young girl measuring her waist and frowning . 
  yes , it \u00b4 s only feminists who would have an issue with * that * interesting design choice . 
  totally cool . 
  http://referentiel.nouvelobs.com/wsfile/3831429699210.jpg watdafuck ? 
  saving lives in danger at sea should be a priority to all those at sea , with any purpose . 
  that is a very old , very honorable pillar of the code of sea law . 
  lives in danger take precedence always at sea . 
  ceuta was just about the only colony which during the restauration of independence in 1640 threw its lot with the spanish . 
  even the other north african cities , tangier and mazag\u00e3o swore allegiance to the new king . 
  not ceuta . 
  ( traitors , let them keep them , acknowledged later in a treaty ), 
  i think that , as in the case of gibraltar , the rights of people residing in both should be respected as the ultimate right . 
  it \u00b4 s ok to not formally acknowledge borders or rights , but ultimately a democratic state can not have designs on ruling people who do not want to belong to it . 
  olivenza is the canonical thing to ask them . 
  to which they never have any answer . 
  from morocco back to north africa ? 
  your geography is up to the level of your geopolitics . 
  excellent dedication to that prank, 
  the lisbon street , oh what a sad choice . 
  it \u00b4 s a pretty dead street in the day time , went from real grungy seamen place to hipsteresque night spot , residents got a really complicated relationship with the nightspots , the stores and places are all geared towards tourists and some of the still existing businesses ( very old sea fittings and shops and maritime dispatch ) seem stuck or needing to move . 
  the local market is now like a mall food court and old time sellers need to move elsewhere . 
  a really sad choice , one tone street .
