  november 24th , the day after is , november25th , ah , and it might drag and the 40th anniversary , better not , better not . 
  december 1st we can \u00b4 t do a revolution because the day is taken , and the monarchists are going to show up and it will be quite unpleasant about whose revolution it is , it is not nice to tell people `` no , you can \u00b4 t have this revolution '' and who is entitled to use terreiro do pa\u00e7o first and with spanish people around it might not be safe and somebody end up in the tagus accidentally and it \u00b4 s cold . 
  december 8th is a waste of an already existing holiday , it \u00b4 s just not thinking of the future generations . 
  december 15th christmas and presidential campaign ongoing anyway . 
  september is a nice month for a revolution , we got no holidays there . 
  towards the end eptember maybe . 
  it would be really convenient for the vindimas as well . 
  it \u00b4 s got bridge potential for the reinstauration of the 5th of october as well . 
  we will call you next summer . 
  don \u00b4 t call us first , we will call you . 
  just for curiosity , any word on what would be his position on if muslim women choosing to wear scarves of burkhas were verbally or physically abused by racists ? 
  would it their own responsibility for choosing to dress like that ? 
  some people are just begging to be trolled . 
  and at this stage , maybe it \u00b4 s just more effective than trying to explain anything . 
  the #portugalcoup was beautiful though ... . beautiful ... 
  i didn \u00b4 t do it though , it was not me !, 
   what is deeply wrong about it ? 
  might change my mind if you point out what 's wrong . 
  i have been pointing out to you on this very thread some things , and other people . 
   there 's a circumstance in which this would be uncontroversial , namely when a coalition that does not include the party with the most votes got more votes . 
  this is exactly what happened in portugal . 
  there is no left wing coalition . 
  none . 
  not yet . 
  really . 
  people are pointing this out to you frequently and you keep mentioning it . 
  other details : party with more votes not being called to present a government , first is something which would be incredibly controversial in portugal . 
  literally never happened before . 
  twice before , in 1987 ( soares as president ) and 1996 ( sampaio ) the president rejected to give government to opposition coalitions which did not include the most voted party . 
   pes have n't made a coalition that can rule the country , because they do not have a majority in the portuguese parliament . 
  they have made a coalition . 
  they are a coalition , and a pre-electoral one at that , meaning voters knew they proposed to rule together . 
  ( there is actually another coalition but it \u00b4 s a small technical detail nevermind it ) . 
  i think the word coalition , to portuguese people , does not mean the same as you seem to be using it . 
   pes is not a government that can rule , and it will fall within months . 
  paf , sure , not on its own . 
  but then again the concept of ps needing the votes of both pcp and be to being able to rule is also deeply unstable and catarina for example has said deals only for 1 year . 
  we are getting elections next year , that is almost totally certain , no matter what . 
  and that is part of the instability and why the proposed government might still pass on parliament . 
  bluffs and counterbluffs and electorate might , will , get annoyed and decide to punish parties which they consider to be acting out of character or behaving unreasonably . 
  there are two examples before of this happening . 
  nevermind all the rest , which is deeply wrong , but not sure you want to change your mind at all . 
  who is pes ? 
  and different countries got different forms of democracy , different systems , different ways of controlling and dealing power . 
  your constitutional monarch is a figurehead - fair enough since you don \u00b4 t get to vote on who the person is . 
  some presidents , on some countries are as well . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t meant all countries have to have precisely the same system , just because it is the one in your country . 
  portugal \u00b4 s system is semi-presidential https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-presidential_system https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-presidential_system#/media/file:list_of_countries_by_governmental_system_2015.png which admittedly is rare in europe . 
  but one of the president \u00b4 s power , predicted in legislation , something we know is the president \u00b4 s powers when we decide on who to vote is that it is the president who selects the prime minister . 
  parliament can \u00b4 t select it , but can veto it . 
  president can select it , with no restrictions rather than a vague `` taking into account electoral results '' , but can \u00b4 t make parliament approve it . 
  it \u00b4 s on purpose , so power is not concentrated on a single branch . 
  awesome . 
   a different coalition with more votes wanted to form a government instead , yet the coalition with less votes got to form a government . 
  and there we go again . 
  would you believe that you are being misinformed , possibly by article writers with personal agendas ? 
  so far in portuguese politics there is just one coalition , the pre-lectoral one paf composed of psd and pp which has been invited to present a government . 
  there is no left post-electoral coalition , not yet . 
  they say they can do one , but nobody has committed to any or even to a parliamentary agreement , which is the next step down from a coalition but also a valid thing to consider . . 
  i had to check who the names were . 
  one at least i recognized , it was one of the twitter victims of the #portugalcoup https://twitter.com/danhannanmep/status/658212189346598912 lol . 
  or at least some media with more skepticism ( on twitter a british mep complained about the bbc \u00b4 s silence ) particularly when wildly emotional . 
  we can \u00b4 t today . 
  it might rain . 
  we will call you one of these days ok ? 
  it works like that in most countries . 
  the twitter portuguese civil war was definitely their fault  http://www.publico.pt/mundo/jornal/houve-uma-guerra-civil-em-portugal-mas-so-fez-vitimas-no-twitter-24309779 https://storyful.com/stories/24666-spanish-dream-up-mock-coup-in-portugal, 
  another reply , because i think there is a lot of confusion , from foreigners about this this is the portuguese system https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-presidential_system i think people are used to systems where the president is purely ceremonial , like usual in the rest of europe . 
  it is not so in portugal . 
  political crisis , we got one due to undecisive results . 
  constitutional crisis , no . 
  coup or the most melodramatic scenarios people are talking about , fuck no . 
   no `` buts '' about this . 
  he made his choice based on his own political preferences , and probably some heavy lobbying from brussels . 
  as such , he did not make his choice based on the electoral results . 
  first , he is allowed to make a choice based on his political preferences and instincts . 
  it \u00b4 s his constitutional prerrogative . 
  it \u00b4 s why the constitution is vague about nomination of government when it is so precise about many other things like deadlines and who can vote for president . 
  when we vote for a president , and the president is the only official in portugal which is elected directly and has to have at least 50 % +1 of the votes , we know that is the president \u00b4 s power . 
  one of his/hers only power . 
  second , in no wayb did he refuse to indict , to give power to a leftis coalition . 
  but not first   `` tive presente que , nos 40 anos de democracia portuguesa , a responsabilidade de formar governo foi sempre atribu\u00edda a quem ganhou as elei\u00e7\u00f5es '' , and not without them committing to getting their act to together , to committing and maybe he will indeed veto them if he thinks they are going to do something financially unsound , which frankly is reassuring . 
   do n't know anything about portuguese politics . 
  that has been apparently obvious . 
  so what made you think that calling into question portuguese politics , from you position of knowing nothing , would be considered an interesting and worthy of respect exercise of irony rather than circle jerking ignorant bullshit ? 
  how can we tell the diference ? 
  btw why post about something if you do not want to be educated about it . 
  must be our mediterranean climate affecting us , here on the atlantic shores . 
  it is known not enough rain makes people incapable of exercising irony or sarcasm ( good thing about weather today or i would not be able to post this heh ? 
   not being an expert i could n't answer that stuff not being an expert , maybe you do not know nearly as much as you think you do about portuguese politics . 
   i suspect there could be some practical flexibility over the inclusion of this dude socrates in government ? 
  again ? 
  in government ? 
  you really don \u00b4 t know anything about portuguese politics do you ? 
  now if costa tried that , no left coalition at all and psd absolutely sure to win the next elections with absolute majority , on its own , next may-june . 
  which is not to say socrates will not want , consider , hint , dream of , running for president himself , god bless his little narcissist psicopath heart . 
  but ps can not afford in any way to stick to him , to be associated , to be tainted by it . 
  it \u00b4 s already tainted enough , costa is too associated , ferro rodrigues and casa pia . 
   but surely they will agree to vote against an austerity budget , and cause a vote of non confidence , no ? 
  sure .
