  it needs water though and some water is always lost in the process . 
  sure there is . 
  but winter in portugal , is not really surprising . 
  incredibly windy one day , nice and sunny and quiet day next . 
  heck during the same day , yesterday for example , lovely sunny morning , rain and wind in the afternoon then nice again early evening . 
  jekyll and hyde weather . 
  normal . 
  not really . 
  it \u00b4 s wind , it \u00b4 s the way it is . 
  maybe it \u00b4 s different more inland , but we are by the atlantic , it \u00b4 s variable . 
  there are also well known , hourly patterns , wind often rises in the late afternoon before sunset , because of thermal convection and so on . 
  sure , and wind has all the problems of wind power , particularly in a drought year which this is . 
  but it a milestone , a curiosity and worth noticing . 
  only conclusion i can achieve is we probably don \u00b4 t need a lot more wind parks than the ones we already got . 
  they did not make it up . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t correlate directly , or maybe the correlation is negative https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate hungary , poland and ukraine are the european countries with highest suicide rates , low consumption of anti depressants . 
  iceland seems to be mid level in suicide rates ( but there seems to be a geographic factor as well ) , while the uk and portugal got high consumption of anti depressants but rank low in suicide rates . 
  estonia has the lowest ad consumption but is relatively high in suicide rates . 
  not easy to correlate . 
  a point , this might have to do with medical protocols and how doctors are trained and how easy it is for a gp to prescribe antidepressants . 
  i see both sides of the problem , overprescribing something which changes brain chemistry is dangerous , but making treatment of depression harder , more formal , for lack of resources or by making patients go to another doctor seems as dangerous , if not more . 
  it would not be good for the national team , separatism . 
  can \u00b4 t do it because of that . 
  not exactly a debate , but yeah , people remember things for a long time . 
  in this particular topic , europe \u00b4 s separatist movements , you are sure to find some motivations for some separatism movements which are at least as old , or older - `` you cheated in this battle 1000 years ago !, 
  '' , or `` you took the saint \u00b4 s relics ! '' . 
  there are older grudges within portugal itself which are older than portugal . 
  in portugal we have a saying to mean something is very old `` older than the braga cathedral '' . 
  well there is a grudge about that old http://ovimaranes.blogspot.pt/2006/04/rivalidade-braga-guimares.html, 
   portugalicia is only relevant among portuguese nationalists . 
  portugalicia is only relevant among portuguese norterner nationalists - regionalists , in a bid to push the center of power more to the north . 
  but that ship has sailed long ago ( afonso iii ) , for people in the south it is a very weird idea . 
  in portugal you give full prints the first time you get an id card , or maybe later for children and then i think they renew one fingerprint each time you get your id card . 
  having an id card is kind of mandatory for portuguese citizens , or at least you are supposed to be able to present legal id when asked by the police , and well , without an id card you won \u00b4 t be able to get other id cards . 
  or open a bank account , or lift up mail from the post office , and they are supposed to check ( they don \u00b4 t ) when using credit card signing . 
  in practice not sure if our digital prints are shared that widely ( and that is the way it should be ) . 
  that guy who was an escaped black panther mentioned once in an interview when he got his first id card and gave his fingerprints he got ready to be arrested , but he was only caught some 15 or 20 years later . 
  they eventually checked , but it took a while . 
  are you talking about the castle , not the pena palace ? 
  i got a different perspective , it \u00b4 s a pile of rocks and mostly a 1940s-reconstruction . 
  portugal has far better castles , and far more authentic and it is imo kind of a waste of time in sintra because most people only go there for a day , and if you to the moors castle you might miss on regaleira , or one of the palaces , or if you got time monserrate or capuchos . 
  i would put it as lowest priority . 
  for that sort of thing lisbon castle is actually better as a real castle ( but also a lot is 1940s reconstruction ) and the view is perhaps even more incredible because you see the whole estuary and valley of the river . 
  if you are going to be like that , silly !, 
  it is obviously a plot to not name portugal . 
  top 10 , ah , arbitrary cut off , we are 11th and just a smidgeon less peaceful ( i blame football obviously , it \u00b4 s not like any of the other guys ranking above us actually care enough about it . 
  or are actually any good at it ) than the czechs . 
  i am kind of guilty of a few of those . 
  in portuguese . 
  nobody will believe it of the dutch anyway . 
  well , `` continent '' might be pushing it ... 
   madrid at 7 am or so i 'm freezing my ass at 3-4\u00bac it has not gone below 12 degrees here since april or may . 
  minimum today was 14 . 
  that is why living far away from the ocean is wrong and evil and not healthy , and plain unnatural . 
  i don \u00b4 t know how you people manage . 
   we iberian bros are bound to suffer the azores anticyclones with southern winds from africa . 
  i love the azores anticyclones , particularly when it moves close . 
  i love st martin \u00b4 s summer , is just perfect , some of the best time of the year , no wind , just sun and warm and nice , after the rain , you really really enjoy it . 
  our winds tend to be westerly , not from the south , it \u00b4 s really rare to get winds from north africa . 
  we get a lot of storms full strength , but hey , worth it and great surfing . 
  well and lisbon floods a bit , ocasionally , but great kayaking opportunities , 
  26 today in lisbon . 
  and gorgeous . 
  thank you gulf stream . 
  and st martin . 
  strong painkillers being prescribed . 
  and related , addiction to opiate painkillers . 
   i do n't see the importance of this study tbh . 
   if an expat ( to be ) decides to move to a country , that 's his choice . 
  if he does n't do his homework this study is precisely to help expats to do their homework before deciding . 
  you don \u00b4 t have to take personally a lower or higher ranker as meaningful of anything about your country except how expats perceive it . 
  it does not have to mean anything to you . 
  that is pretty shocking . 
  even 20 years ago in portugal english classes moved to english only after a couple years . 
  maybe i was lucky that my teachers were good but classes were mostly fun , music lyrics , videos , grammar sure . 
  we started later , then at 5th grade , now at 3rd grade ( or earlier as an extra activity ) but by 9th or 10th grade if not earlier i am sure it was english only . 
  and teachers had good accents , very british . 
  and when you got to university in stem subjects profs just assume you will manage material in english , if you ca n't tough . 
  english classes were mostly fun . 
  french was far less appealing actually - dictations , and long verbs to conjugate . 
  but even then it was french only after a couple years . 
  apart from something really complicated or something . 
  are they even eating ? 
  one is on the phone , the middle one is smoking , the right one just walking . 
  just because there is a mcdonalds logo in the back does not mean they are eating fast food - though i will believe they have had lots of it in the past !, 
  water treatment is on the water price itself . 
  sewer maintenance being connected to water consumption is logical and makes sense , and if you go up a water consumption rate , that goes up as well . 
  the annoying part is the city hall also charges house owners for that , and 25 % of the building tax . 
  for rented houses for example , both the landlord and tennant will pay , if you own , you pay two taxes . 
  tax for garbage pick up and recycling procedures have to be included somewhere . 
  plus a tax for `` public interest consumption '' like fountains and street cleaning and stuff . 
  which also fair enough . 
  just explaining how common it is , the utility bills are filled with other things and taxes . 
  a 25-30 euro bill for water it \u00b4 s 5 euros of water , 20-25 of other things , and my water is actually cheap by local standards . 
   if you want to use electricity in greece , you will have to pay for public tv and other services that are unrelated with the energy you are using in your electricity bill . 
  because having electricity is considered a luxury . 
  it \u00b4 s like that in a lot of other places , namely portugal . 
  you are paying for the electricity , a tv tax , and fees to maintain the electric network , not just the electricity . 
  and don \u00b4 t get me started on the water bill . 
  literally 80-85 % of the water bill is taxes , vat , sewer maintenance , recycling whatever ( some of which are taxed double by the municipality ) .
