  twitter seems to be another of their fields . 
  the nazi comparisons are totally offensive , and if it \u00b4 s any consolation they are going to make some people look very very stupid , or worse , not too far into the future . 
  history is going to judge who was right . 
  i got some , a lot , of sympathy for hating austerity , for hating the word troika , i remember pretty well how desperate late 2012 felt . 
  jingoism is not going to help go past that . 
  you know what is the ultimatum game ? 
  it \u00b4 s one of the canonical , most profound game models . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ultimatum_game it is a bit of a paradox , or was according to one of my professors , because if self interest was the ultimate motivation for humans , nobody would ever refuse a proposal , no matter if it was 99-1 . 
  but that is just not what humans do . 
  and everybody has been talking about prisoner dilema or poker bluffs and totally missing , like in the ultimatum game , how important for humans justice and setting up precedents can be , even when it is not in their immediate self interest . 
  the ultimatum game is fascinating . 
  he might go instead for the narrative that his real plan was grexit , and it was all tsipras fault for folding with that plan . 
  and a few more weeks and maybe greek exit will not look so bad - i actually think that is the plan as well , on the part of some of the creditors . 
  greece can not be expelled - but maybe they can leave on their own . 
  and it \u00b4 s not particularly cynical , if you actually believe it might be better for greece , as well as the others , on the long term . 
   imo they were genuinely convinced that the greek population would prefer to give in to the trojka to stay in the eurozone , and therefore they called a referendum to confirm that fact and justify them to sign an austerity package . 
  they lobbied way hard for oxi . 
  they declared a no vote would not mean an exit - which was quite frankly beyond their powers to promise and quite stupid . 
  but if you consider varoufakis and tsipras were already on different sides all along considering whether to really leave the euro or not , then it all makes more sense . 
   we should be admonishing the eurozone members for prolonging and worsening a situation that threatens the british and world economy . 
  sure , if you guys had an idea to have solved it differently which did not involve other people spending large ammounts of money . 
   if the uk are being asked to fund the bailout , it is only fair that they are represented , so s should have a seat in the ecb . 
  sure , particularly if agreed beforehand . 
  no taxation without representation , 
   he 's aiming high and this is the beginning of his campaign . 
  i get precisely the same feeling - and that helps to explain the referendum as some sort of power play between varoufakis and tsipras . 
   his interviews are n't helping . 
  but i think that 's his plan . 
  i think his interviews are meant to help himself . 
  i really get the feeling he is going to go for top job soon - if not outright housting of tsipras , to be in position for after the person after tsipras . 
  fair enough . 
  but if they do not pay a single cent , they really should not express opinions on what the eurogroup should do particularly when that is going to cost the eurogroup and only the eurogroup money . 
  put your money where your mouth is , or keep shut . 
  same . 
  of course . 
  he is not going to write a book , he is going to try to houst tsipras first . 
  interesting times . 
  byzantine ... 
  it is either west or east . 
  north or south . 
  middle , central is such a vague concept - how wide do you define it , a third of the width ? 
  narrower ? 
  and then surely you got western central and eastern central and southern central and so on . 
  i do n't think , do not mean , eastern as depreciative . 
  it is just east - can coincide with north , south , and yes central , or baltic or mediterranean , or caucasian ( if that is a real geographical term in english ) . 
  it is usually away from the atlantic . 
  isn \u00b4 t the fuss right now because she does not want it to be responsible for any of it ? 
  oh says the western asian !, 
  a country is by definition exclusive and with fixed borders - and lol , it is funny from the person whose flair is not for a real country and from a region who keeps changing from country to country . 
  north , south , east , western are natural concepts . 
  every region will have some part considered northern , southern , eastern , western , every city , every house will have walls !, 
  obviously you can , often have two categories valid , and if you want to add a `` central '' category sure . 
  but `` central '' will always overlap with other , more obvious and immediate and indisputable , geographical terms . 
  southern is about being south , not about being on the mediterranean . 
  being on the mediterranean makes a country mediterranean and i totally agree , portugal is not a mediterranean country . 
  it is southern , western , and southwestern . 
  central makes no sense - or only if central coincides as well with north , south , east , west . 
  central to the exclusion of being eastern/western makes no sense at all to me . 
   there are diverse and contrasting connotations of the concept of mitteleuropa yeah , right . 
  that is very clear . 
  whatever . 
   despite both of these country having most of their land mass in central europe , i don \u00b4 t believe in central europe . 
  east , west , north , south , yeah i get . 
  central i never know nor remember it as a possibility . 
  plus slovenia and croatia got coasts , they are not central-central . 
  i believe about the corruption , i knew about it ( the little envelope thing ) , the part on which i really don \u00b4 t know if to believe is ( and i will add a little bit more of the quote )  as a result , the private channels rarely investigate cronyism and corruption and are seen to be biased for the rich , the powerful and their favourite politicians . 
  they have lost the trust of the public . 
  ** many greeks believe that this is the normal way of running an economy and a political system and that this is how germany , england or france work ** . 
  the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from greek public life . 
  this is why mr tsipras is believed when he speaks of the eu as an instrument of `` extreme neoliberal '' capitalists and other elites . 
   any greeks believe that this is the normal way of running an economy and a political system and that this is how germany , england or france work . 
  the idea that common institutions can work for the benefit of everyone , with impartiality and objectivity , and not just pretend to do so , is remote from greek public life . 
  is this true ? 
  it reminded me of an interaction with a greek once which was a bit surprised at the concept that offering bribe moneycould be considered really offensive ( or worse ) by the person you offered it to . 
  that is your fate ... 
   as a portuguese man , but , most of all , an european , i think this is an outrage and it can not go unpunished . 
  as another portuguese person , i thought it was funny . 
  i got nothing against puerto rico , i think there is nothing depreciative in comparing it to greece . 
  we can all find much better reasons for it surely . 
  other people have explained well , but just to add something else - in portugal and at least a few other countries , for businesses above a certain sizes , the cash registers and software ( both certified , and lol , a big business software company was raided a while ago ) have to be online and registering receipts centrally in the finance ministry data servers - i don \u00b4 t know the frequency . 
  there is even something similar and stricter regarding transport documents and inventories . 
  the nsa is not nearly as ambitious as your finance ministry . 
  this is not ideal , or without problems . 
  what i knew of the data document laws , some of it did not make much sense , and implementing these software chances ( and for the receipts it changed 2 or 3 times ) was on itself expensive and complicated for all companies , particularly the small ones , and at a time where it was really really tough for small companies , and many small businesses were closing ( and the vat for caf\u00e9s and restaurants increased to 23 % at around the same time ) . 
  it was probably worth it , and tackling tax evasion was necessary , it \u00b4 s just it was not effortless or painless . 
  the receipt they give us is , without nif , is the `` receipt '' as most european people understand the sense . 
  the receipt with nif is something extra , for double checking and even so you can go and enter it in the finance website and enter it manually https://faturas.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt/ - and that is sure to catch some people !, 
   that costs the tax payer the price of the car !!, 
  why not give the winners a tax free year ? 
  way cheaper and would make more people ask for receipts . 
  with the current situation you get a car but ca n't afford the gas + insurance they can sell the car ( and pay taxes on the transaction ) , but a year tax free would not be fair at all !, 
  a person who pays 100 euros irs would receive less worth than the person who pays 10000 , but they both spent the same for each `` ticket '' ( i think they average the amount of each receipt , bigger receipts mean more tickets ) . 
  they spend what , a couple million on all cars , and while it is really difficult to know for sure how much money extra was collected due to this particular move , the estimates ( from the ministry , take with a grain of salt ) are for about 760 million extra in 2014 . 
  and check http://rr.sapo.pt/informacao_detalhe.aspx?fid=25&amp;did=172823 190 thousand got caught evading . 
  it was homicide rates in brussels then https://www.unodc.org/gsh/en/data.html or at least between 2005 and 2012, 
  the number of homicides is also surprisingly high - can \u00b4 t remember if it was for the whole country or just brussels area but it was noticeably higher than the rest of western europe . 
  refugees from bosnia had a relatively short distance , across land to reach `` western '' countries . 
  people coming from eritrea or syria or south sudan or mali , will have to cross much longer distances , cross the sahara or the mediterranean - children will not survive crossing the sahara . 
  also to pay the people smugglers , and they can afford one person perhaps it would make more sense to them to pay for the man , in hopes he would later make money and get the rest of the family back ( not that it would be likely , but who knows ) or the man would have the decision power . 
  i am trying to find again a really interesting interview i read some months ago , a man in one of those paris camps which came from the juba mountains .
