  and then what ? 
  what budget do we get ? 
  will they agree on a budget ? 
  is pcp and be going to insist in a 18.8 % minimum wage hike ? 
  which by the way , i really wish it would be possible and work magically and everybody earning below the new minimum wage that would get more money to spend , an easier time and no increase in the unemployment , or rents or inflation at all . 
  i just have a problem believing it will not backfire with it regarding social security expenses , and inflation . 
  i think , hopefully wrongly , it will increase unemployment and worsen the situation . 
  being able to flunk something does not mean they can do better . 
  or will . 
  sadly . 
  these are relatively small . 
  but they really annoy me . 
  mr president , feel free to contact me for a government of presidential initiative . 
  - the organization and administration of everything related to social security is an incredibly disorganized , unclear mess . 
  auditing on how to make it more user friendly , hiring more people , rewriting documents . 
  - now the revenue services otoh kind of work effectively and fast and fairly - but the website , while functional , is the frankenstein monster of software . 
  it must be fixed . 
  it is just wrong . 
  evil . 
  - tiered income taxes . 
  like it is , if you win 50 , 10 , 1 euro more you can end up a higher tier and end up with less money , that is just annoying mathematically . 
  we could adjust income brackets , but say the first x euros are tax free , the euros on the next bracket are taxed at whatever , and so on . 
  you should never be penalized by earning more . 
  - nurses doing triage for same day consultations on health centers - they could do it by phone even . 
  and maybe improve the computer system a bit . 
  - rental laws worth thinking about it . 
  it \u00b4 s interesting how renter protection things can backfire and the comparison of how different systems work in different countries is really interesting . 
  weirdly maybe making evictions faster and easier might bring down prices and make renting more available to some people . 
  - we should really look into sea barriers . 
  and tsunami warnings . 
  just in case . 
   `` temporary alliance of distinct parties ... for joint action . '', 
  if it is a coallition to form a government then the `` joint action '' is the joint action required to form a government . 
  and statements must be made . 
  who is going to be in government , tell me ? 
  when have they announced it ? 
  has be and pcp committed to voting in favor of ps \u00b4 s `` or\u00e7amento de estado '' no matter what that is ? 
  has actually be and pcp even promised to vote in a ps government ? 
  show me . 
   if they do control a working albeit slender majority in the parliament , in a parliamentary democracy , they are entitled to be asked to form an administration . 
  not before the party which was the most voted , and must present first , like it is proper . 
  they can reject it or not , and they must vote and it must be recorded . 
  it is not , not imo ; from what i know from internal clashes politics that much a given , no matter that they loudly proclaim before they are put to the test . 
  they can be asked to form an administration second - but that is on second choice , and they must define first , beforehand , very clearly what they are proposing . 
  and the president , who is by the way the only official in portugal which is elected directly and with more than 50 % of the votes , has the right to veto it , to judge if their proposal is believable or not . 
  that is what the constitution says . 
  it does not says that government is up to parliament majorities . 
  the president has a veto in that it is only the president which can invite somebody to government , the parliament has another in that they can vote it down . 
  and who wants to govern must put down a government plan . 
  or they will not be even invited . 
  can you quote the exact words ? 
  maybe show a video of that ? 
  so we can dice it . 
  but no , he did not say exactly , not close . 
   are you seriously suggesting a native can not be disagreed with on an issue of portuguese politics by a non native ? 
  non natives can know a lot more than me about things like history or even grammar , what something is called about , or geography or the details of this or that . 
  but they must truly know about what they know about . 
  not by reading one or two articles . 
  but when your source is one or two incredibly biased reports , and they are just plain wrong ( no , there is no coalition . 
  really . 
  ask around ) it \u00b4 s just plain arrogance of your part to insist , based on quotes on one article assuming you know best . 
  left coalition ? 
  really ? 
  tell me more about it . 
  when did they announce it ? 
  who did ? 
  which parties will form government then ? 
  on what are they supposed to agree on ? 
  what government plan have they proposed ? 
  no , foreigners really seem to have no clue and seem to have no conscience of how manipulative the media they are reading is . 
  otoh i didn \u00b4 t either . 
  just google the guy who wrote that disgusting rubicon article for the telegraph , it \u00b4 s really enlightening . 
   `` the moderate socialist party and its allies -- the communists , greens and left bloc -- now control 122 seats in portugal 's 230-seat parliament , '' that is maths . 
  that is not a coallition - a coallition implies an agreement on cooperation and on what fields , and that a party will enter government , will have a minister appointed . 
  the next step down is a parliamentary agreement , where only one party appoints the government but other parties commit to voting with the government party on a number of issues which they specify - budget for example , or gay adoption , or reform of this or that . 
  there is no commitment to form a coalition or even a parliamentary agreement . 
  all the left parties are making noise about them all together being able to block the right , but nobody is saying anything what would be their government or what would be their policies - like for example budget or foreign policy regarding the angolan crisis . 
  nothing . 
   according to paragraph 8 of the article , `` after a few weeks of political horsetrading , '' costas ' socialists `` brokered a historic coalition deal with the radical left bloc and communists in order to clump together a workable political majority of just under 51pc . '', 
  you should google the article writer \u00b4 s name a little before taking everything he writes as gospel . 
  or its equivalent . 
   so maybe you 're in denial about that . 
  are you seriously arguing with a native that you know best what is going on portugal , based on an article you have read in english , not being able to follow local media ? 
  we have been reading , hearing about this for weeks and years . 
  there is no left coalition in any sense . 
  ps has not said if it wants to form government alone , with be , or with be and pcp . 
  nobody is saying anything about a parliamentary agreement , or on what fields it would be . 
  the only think they made statements on was about being willing to vote down the proposed government - and that we shall see still . 
  obviously there is a lot to be revealed . 
  we need investigative journalism . 
  foreigners , uh ? 
  3 years ago twitter believed for a few hours there was a civil war starting in portugal ( august 3rd 2012 . i remember that shelling well . 
  i blame the spanish actually ) . 
  this weekend it was about a coup - and no less than two meps believed it and complained about the biased media on twitter - a british conservative and a greek syriza one . 
  i can \u00b4 t begin to tell you how weird these articles , that people could actually believe shit like this is to me . 
  you people really don \u00b4 t know us or much about us , do you ? 
  and foreign media is projecting their own agendas ( anti-eyu , anti-euro , syriza ) whatever . 
  the stuff you ear people say , thinking they know what is going on . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of enlightening . 
   although the silk road concept is in initial stages of development , and often vague on details , t so vague i can \u00b4 t understand what the fuck it \u00b4 s supposed to be rather than china trying to get some geopolitical clout .
