  russians said they ca n't accept anyone who does n't have support of their own government . 
  georgieva had now the support of her government . 
  it was amazing tacky but while bokova did not remove herself , her government presented her , all of a sudden after 5 previous straw polls and months long processes including debates and presentations of the candidates to the sc . 
  the president of portugal compared putting georgieva now as a candidate as putting a new runner on the last 100 meters of a marathon . 
  i am honestly very sorry for the other bulgarian candidate , it was done without any class , and i think a lot of other people , sc member countries would have felt the same . 
  there have been a few posts about him previously on this sub . 
   it will be interesting to try to understand germany 's strategy in this with kristalina ... this theory that germany is very very bad at diplomacy is strangely convincing and would explain a few things in the past https://www.publico.pt/mundo/noticia/berlim-ainda-nao-percebeu-como-se-exerce-uma-lideranca-1745465 what was germany \u00b4 s , and juncker \u00b4 s , end game anyway ? 
  and is the suspension of funds purely coincidence ? 
  it \u00b4 s a good summary , just to add a couple points :  candidates have campaigned , and there 's been 5 rounds of votes and a few have quit due to bad results . 
  next round will be decisive . 
  leading is the portuguese antonio guterres . 
  ex prime minister and united nations high commissioner for refugees is leading the race , quite comfortably . 
  expected to win unless russia vetoes him . 
  he is actually been leading quite comfortably , always in the lead https://twitter.com/theuntimes/status/780433991505678336 always the second and third places are not stable and quite far apart . 
  so not like the field is in disarray , there are no consensual or close to it options . 
  for germany , who does not even have a seat in the security council to jump into this is one of those things over which grudges will be held for a long time . 
  it seems so stupid at first glance i suspect there has to be some secret plotting to make it less stupid . 
  next straw poll , and this time for real with colored votes for the countries which can veto , on wednesday . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of weird to say we as meaning all 5 security council permanent members . 
  where are you from by the way ? 
  wow , that is a lot of we . 
  i bet in football you root for a finantial group ? 
   just to add that i personally do not particularly care about nationality in this kind of situations , i do , it \u00b4 s not supposed to matter for practicall issues in anything predictable , for emergencies , better to have a national candidate than not . 
  also it can create some more respect for the diplomatic ability of your own nation in future matters , to be taken a bit more seriously as mediator . 
   and i agree with you , germany for some reason tends to be rather bad in world diplomacy , i am just repeating other commentators but it is true . 
  they are too pushy and arrogant , they waver , they are disloyal , they can \u00b4 t see to see how sometimes your opponent needs to keep face , that letting people keep face might have rewards in good will in the future . 
   , i 'm not sure if it 's because it has become so easy to push others around in europe ( not complaining , congrats for that i am not sure it is a good thing . 
  and i think portugal has just became instantly even more reticent about a hard brexit . 
   but if they have n't assured the support of russia , china and others then this is extremely hard to understand . 
  china we do not know . 
  russia , this article about yesterday \u00b4 s session is quite wtf ,  https://www.euractiv.com/section/public-affairs/news/russia-questions-bulgaria-over-new-candidate-for-un-chief/  russia , angola , uruguay and malaysia asked the government in sofia for clarification after it described georgieva as bulgaria 's `` sole and unique candidate '' for the top post , in a letter presenting her candidacy . 
  if russia agreed why ask for clarification ? 
  also the timing , if any deal was agreed in the g20 , the timing to finally announce a new candidate , after one more vote , after war crime accusations which might have soured things is strange . 
  but it \u00b4 s not only the permanent 5 which matter , the other 10 are allowed an opinion as well !, 
   but ukrainian ambassador volodymyr yelchenko voiced disapproval with georgieva 's late entry into the race . 
  `` i think she is too late , '' yelchenko told reporters . 
  `` the way it is done is not fully correct . '' human nature is to feel sorry for bokova \u00b4 s humiliation . 
  it \u00b4 s human nature to be pissed off at wasting months analyzing and voting and getting to know candidates and then be pushed a new one as a choice they are supposed to endorse . 
  if i had to make any bets it would be about georgieva is going to get a worse result than bokova , or at least worse than the most recent one bokova had . 
   a good question ... maybe there is the need to put on a show for their interests in eastern europe ? 
  eastern europe is not a bloc , there are other eastern european candidates who might not be please either . 
  my interpretation is merkel is confusing internal politics , internal political group politics and playing favorites in order to try to get some of the right `` color '' . 
  but what possibly does she , or germany get if they get a bulgarian woman rather than a portuguese man ? 
   all that said , let 's not assume that the un election process is transparent or that the un presidency immensely relevant . 
  more transparency was one of the objectives . 
  un presidency is not relevant for much , hopefully for anything , and why is germany going out of their way to step on toes , why is juncker meddling is important , and not conducive to political good feeling . 
  france and britain , which actually got a say and power , are keeping proper appearances . 
  as far as i can tell , the security council , the 5 permanent members with veto power and the 10 2-year other members propose a candidate to general assembly who by principle accepts it . 
  any permanent member can veto a candidate but it \u00b4 s not enough they do not veto , candidates need at least 9 votes . 
  so even if all 5 permanent members agree on a candidate , the other 10 might just not vote for it . 
   thereby guaranteeing no china , france , russian federation , united kingdom , and united states candidate can make it . 
  absolutely . 
   til we can all veto a candidate . 
  who is `` we all '' to you ? 
  not just russia . 
  portugal is going very wtf . 
  other eu member which do not have a candidate of their own or are not in the sc themselves should really but out . 
  and the eu officials really should show no favoritism for any candidate !, 
  ( not that i think this will make much difference . 
  i actually think this is great for guterres , because russia just might be less likely to veto guterres now than to help georgieva and germany ), 
  because germany wants to be important in diplomacy and isn \u00b4 t. 
  we have been watching this with a lot of attention in portugal and there was this fascinating opinion piece on a paper yesterday about germany being actually quite bad about diplomacy - it was about a time when portugal was preparing a candidacy to be on the un security council , germany out of a sudden just announced their candidacy and a new germany embassador to lisbon point blank told a foreign ministry official portugal had to renounce their candidacy because germany was `` entitled '' to a place in the security council . 
  portugal didn \u00b4 t of course , both were elected at the cost of another favorite and apparently from some points of view germany did some missteps with their sc place in their time . 
  germany is not on the security council . 
  this is none of their business , nor should the eu , or eu officials favor the candidacy of one eu candidate over another . 
  georgieva is a louzy candidate because she has not been a candidate from the start . 
  finally they are trying to do things more transparently , for the first time they are publishing straw polls results , they did debates , they did questions to candidates . 
  and after months , after 5 votes , germany tries to pull a candidate which did none of those and push it as the best candidate , when the sc member could not ask her questions , when she did not have to debate the other candidates ? 
  were all the candidates so far so hopeless they had to pull something out of a hat ? 
  maybe there has been some secret manouvering and russia ( and china ) y veto georgieva . 
  maybe between the other 10 , they will convince enough to vote for a new candidate `` hey wait , you were not important enough for this candidate to waste their time trying to convince you before now , vote for her '' . 
  but if she georgieva does not win what does germany win from this interference ? 
   refineries and upgraders to process the heavy oil are already in place in venezuela since decades . 
  seriously outdated and with big problems , and by the way extrading extra heavy crude oil is not nearly as easy or cheap as extracting light . 
   if the oil in venezuela was n't worth it then it would not be any market for it . . we were discussing reserves , which have not been extracted yet , and i was mentioning those reserves are not nearly as juicy as the saudi arabia reserves . 
  and talking about market for oil in venezuela , do you know they need to import light crude oil from the usa . 
  as if we would be stupid enough to want aircraft carriers . 
  we invented guerrilla airfare , way back in 1762 . 
  not our style . 
  historically we have been outnumbered in battle in many many wars ( look at a map ) and our strategies tend to be very pragmatic , very about moving away and evading and striking . 
  even the colonial war ( where arguably outnumbered again ) . 
  very nice people individually , but if they tried to dump the prestige on us and that was the best use of the armed forces we had on the past 40 years and a very good example why we need an operational navy . 
  and everybody who knew the sea knew , 4 , 5 days in advance it would not work , it \u00b4 s like they did not even know what the portugal current is that time of the year , they had to have taken it a coru\u00f1a , but no , they tried to dump the problem on us . 
  very expensive to refine http://www.caracaschronicles.com/2015/10/28/why-is-venezuelas-oil-production-stagnating/  and the vast bulk of our oil reserves -- estimated at up to1 .4 trillion barrels in the faja del orinoco area -- are extra-heavy . 
  when you picture oil , you probably picture a black liquid -- if only !, 
  in venezuela 's case , you should be imagining a thick , gunky clay-like substance . 
  barrel-per-barrel , venezuelan crude is n't expensive to extract -- but it 's very expensive to turn into useful products . 
  since it hardly flows , it 's expensive to get it to a refinery . 
  once there , you either have to pre-refine it into something like medium crude using a very expensive bit of equipment known as an upgrader ( mejorador ) , or blend it with expensive light crude from places like algeria . 
  none of this is simple , none of it is cheap . 
  you can buy some portable gas or electrical heaters . 
  older houses might have fireplaces , and now there are lots of other boiler type things which be installed . 
  newer houses might get heating installed in things like radiant elements and so on . 
  and of course air conditioning works for cooling or heating and that is what i find more useful personally . 
  but in the coast and south we probably value air conditioning more . 
  and building to keep heat out is a lot more complicated and expensive than to just keep heating a place . 
  we had some russian bombers visiting ( while we were heading the nato baltic patrol ) , and while it was meant to be scary , you could not help thinking how hard it must have been to those guys to make their way here , and the turbo prop they could send was of course unescorted and alone and all defenceless . 
  we needed submarines - we got two very good ones , which were expensive in a politically dodgy deal but actually looking at how other countries buy submarines and how dodgy and much more expensive their deals for submarines are , and often they get really bad unoperational submarines , well maybe it was not so bad . 
  at least we got good submarines . 
  we desperately need to replace the c-130s , which are actively dangerous .
