  not really . 
  rosmaninho is lavandula stocheas which is in english has no particular name but is considered a variety of lavender ( e alfazema is lavandula officinalis ) . 
  rosemary in english is rosmarinus officinalis alecrim in portuguese , different plants and smells . 
  don \u00b4 t use rosmaninho in food for example , it tastes awful !, 
  tldr : rosmaninho is a kind of lavender . 
  rosemary in english is alecrim in portuguese . 
  good . 
  you scared me dude . 
  that blue thing over here ?!? 
  what the fucking nerve is that !, 
  as far as i know it \u00b4 s pure coincidence . 
  iberia probably cames from the name for the river ebro . 
  there are also two galicias ( and one galatia ) , also no relation . 
  it \u00b4 s only 26 years . 
  it \u00b4 s still extremely relevant !, 
  we still talk about east germany , we still talk about balkan wars , brazil still talks of portugal as its colonizing power and that was over 200 years ago , a lot of our , portuguese , foreign policy is about relationships which can be many hundreds of years old . 
  26 years in foreign policy is a very short time !, 
  it gets incredibly crowded in the summer , particularly at peak times , and there are parking spots both sides of the road . 
  but imagine you parked in one lane and you exit to that lane but you want to go in the other direction . 
  it could be awful to wait , if it \u00b4 s really busy with other people arriving or departing or looking for parking spots to get an opening to make an u-turn , all the while you slowing down the traffic behind you . 
  so this is pretty precious for traffic flow when the people flow to the beach is very heavy . 
  i thought finnish did not use the letter f , so sofia is pronounced differently ? 
  the river brings sand and sediment , the entrance to the sea is restricted , so it can stay there in suspension for a long time . 
  prevalent winds are interesting , because the accumulation of sand with prevalent winds there is a really big sand dune growing up in the south . 
  winter storms shake it up a bit . 
  but it \u00b4 s not as clean as an ocean facing beach with strong tides twice a day of course . 
  it \u00b4 s for pedestrian crossings and u-turns , trust me really useful when it \u00b4 s crowded . 
  according to the guy above who did a map , the segment for the azores would be kind of like the one for the faroe islands or russia ... 
  it explains it is smaller , it does not explain why it was not included.not smaller than russia , not smaller than the faroe islands probably . 
  whichever . 
  why do the faroe islands and isle of man count and are not `` small islands '' but the azores and madeira don \u00b4 t ? 
  they are bigger !, 
  that is called galicia . 
  but i was thinking of the azores and madeira . 
  before reaching venezuela or western sahara , there should be some portuguese islands on the way . 
  and if greenland and the uk and the faroe islands count , azores and madeira count . 
  you recognized our island nation status !, 
  that is nice !, 
  we moved a bit further west , just so there are no misunderstandings . 
  stay on your corner . 
  ( otoh would not advise people to book holidays or buy seaside property in extremadura or castilla-leon . 
  spanish kids must learn it sometime at some age ), 
   i mind there being a literal construction site on the attraction . 
  lol about barcelona . 
  and yeah , that is europe , sorry one of the risks . 
  sometimes they need to heavy work , sometimes they need to do annexes to handle the increase of tourists ( this is a real problem , in the past 30 years places all over europe i almost had to my own when i was a kid now got queues of hours ) , or the privately own buildings are getting remodelled ( for hotels and airbnb ) . 
  or archaeological digs ( some going on for years in our cathedral and castle , they can \u00b4 t cover it becausetoo interesting , but no urgency to make an interpretation center ) . 
  the placement of port is masterful , because it \u00b4 s the correct and non-obvious placement . 
  it \u00b4 s europe . 
  at any time you visit any city there will be scaffolding on some top attraction - except if there is a special event ( european city of culture , or expo or something ) and it \u00b4 s been carefully managed to look finished . 
  but things which are centuries old often need maintenance , if the density of things needing maintenance is high , there will always be some scaffolding somewhere . 
  deal with it . 
  and that explains that less crowded places might be ranked higher . 
  crowded places are automatically less enjoyable . 
  there are the vatican museums as well ... sistine chapel ... 
  same age as the `` new wall '' on my hometown . 
  this has been the norm for as long as i remember . 
  in practice usually a country designates which other eu nation \u00b4 s embassy should be the first contact for their citizens in another country . 
  it can be funny sometimes because not obvious connections . 
   i 'd still be curious to see how many of the victims and perpetrators are portuguese for the algarve . 
  i do not recall a single case of a fight resulting in death . 
  drunk british cause trouble but not so much . 
  a lot of cases involve either the murderers or the victims being foreign , and mentioning just stuff on the news - a teen was recently murdered by his brazillian stepfather - an englishman was murdered by the portuguese guy he picked up as a hookup - a missing british woman has been found by the police buried in her backyard , the main suspect is her british husband . 
  - longer ago but a horrible case , a german man killed his angolan girlfriend and their 3 year old daughter . 
  but it \u00b4 s kind of normal that for people living outside their own country , a lot of their acquaintances can be also foreigner , so the odds of foreigner on foreigner crime is a lot higher . 
  a pretty shocking case recently , a man killed his pregnant girlfriend , his girlfriend \u00b4 s sister and her girlfriend also , all brazillian . 
  it would cause a spike in stats if it happened in a region with low population like the azores . 
  population is low , and a couple incidents of domestic violence with multiple victims might make the stats spike . 
  i remember this case from 2012 maybe this counts http://www.jn.pt/local/noticias/faro/castro-marim/interior/dentista-brasileira-e-dois-filhos-morrem-em-explosao-causada-por-incendio-2730659.html a woman killed herself and her two children in an explosion there was a gang doing violent robberies in the summer of 2012 , they killed one victim at least ( not sure if another one mentioned ended up dying ) https://planetalgarve.com/2013/11/26/lider-de-gangue-que-espalhou-terror-no-algarve-condenado-a-25-anos-de-prisao/ at least 3 victims of particularly remarkable crimes , so it might cause part of the spike . 
  which is why the capital is who pays more taxes of them all and receives less and is the second most productive area . 
  if only the capital was better at bragging and having a chip on their shoulder as other parts do ... 
  spotted the rural dweller from some backwards desolate place where they can \u00b4 t even afford the letter - v - ... 
  snails in december ? 
  are they tinned or something ? 
  fresh snails ? 
  in december ? 
  we eat snails locally , both smalls and larger escargot size , but they are a may to september thing . 
  otoh we seem to have acquired ourense , which anyway should have been ours anyway, 
  that is not the hagia sophia , the hagia sophia is more towards east , closer to the tip near the bosphorus , on its own . 
  wrong angle . 
  somebody upthread identified it as yeni cami , the new mosque , closer to the golden horn . 
  istanbul is full of mosques which look almost like hagia sophia ( but not quite ! ), 
  betacism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betacism it \u00b4 s not really the same b sound as the letter b , but i am from the south and can \u00b4 t say it or hear it well . 
  it is more prevalent in spain , not sure if they got north-south differences regarding that as well . 
  yes , but it \u00b4 s important also to be realistic about things which might be causing problems and resentments , because concrete things can be worked on and improved . 
  ( by all sides , a lot through better communication and maybe better planning ) . 
   it 's the workers who feel that their fellow german workers the workers might not necessarily even be german themselves . 
  they might resent polish truckers for other more reasonable reasons like communication problems , or not keeping to schedule , or crowding available space while waiting or sleeping . 
   the working man , the little guy that cares about the community around him and making sure his friends and family also have jobs , the working man usually respects other working men which make his work easier - and resents the ones which make his work harder . 
  this tends to be regardless of nationality . 
  we take the portuguese home textile industry for granted but we make the best home textiles in the world ( france and italy maybe also , but they make these things at much higher prices and they produce less ) . 
  not just towels , but kitchen stuff and bedding , the quality of the stuff your grandmother buys you in the store she goes to for 50 years is much much better than what you can buy for similar prices made in china or bangla desh or whatever . 
  ( and nevermind towels , foreign flannel bedding is all complete crap . 
  all ! ), 
  obviously . 
  been there , done that , got a few former colonies around , we hang around for special events . 
  hey , barrancos makes some decent one . 
  though i will never understand why people obsess so much over land animal derived products rather than sea food . 
  sure , but why would german companies who choose to use the cheapest carriers then resent them for being foreign ? 
  they knew they were foreigner when they hired them !,
