  on which we have invested and wisely and which is great on rainy times , but not workable always . 
  wind has the advantage which is not so dependent on time of the day , and also tends to pick up at sunset when electricity consumption also rises and stays up throughout the night when you can pump back some more water into the dams for the peak demand early in the morning . 
  check for example a few dates here http://www.centrodeinformacao.ren.pt/pt/informacaoexploracao/paginas/estatisticadiariadiagrama.aspx particularly winter . 
  wind is so much more useful . 
  like in everything , it \u00b4 s the details that matter - for example cctv might not catch exact words being said , or cctv might not be of the precise hour or date , so date stamps also matter . 
   looks like the whole racist thing was one big figment . 
  or maybe it \u00b4 s getting white-washed ? 
  there is coincidentally an in-depth article today about not this incident but about portuguese experiencing racist abuse in poland and it \u00b4 s pretty interesting https://www.publico.pt/sociedade/noticia/polonia-nao-e-preciso-ser-muculmano-para-ser-vitima-de-islamofobia-1731294 also interesting noting how many negative reactions they got of people wanting to make excuses for the behaviour they found  e at\u00e9 quem se esfor\u00e7asse para desculpar reac\u00e7\u00f5es negativas , argumentando , por exemplo , que alguns estudantes erasmus exageram no consumo de bebidas alco\u00f3licas e se tornam histri\u00f3nicos . 
  and rabbit myxomatosis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/myxomatosis and hemorragic disease which devastated rabbit populations in the last decades . 
  rabbits are now progressively more imune to it and populations are bouncing back just in time for these conservation bred in captivity reintroductions to actually be working . 
  also possibly since there is so much tracking of the iberian lynx released into the wild they are becoming maybe less finicky and actually eating stuff other than rabbit . 
  not 3 , though not sure what the number is . 
  just take a look at a photo taken recently http://observador.pt/2016/05/05/primeira-cria-lince-iberico-nascida-portugal/ just one kit in the photos so not sure how many were born . 
  and there are more adults , including some with extremely wide ranges http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-35890789 it \u00b4 s not eurasian lynx though . 
   all i am saying is , the statement that google br and pt return the same results is false . 
  my point is they mix results and do not separate the languages-variants . 
  which they don \u00b4 t. 
  and there is no way the most common question portuguese people ask about spain is why they did not colonize brazil . 
  most common would probably be about what time is there , or something like that . 
  there are , and there are two , but the search results are not separated and it treats it all as if it were a single language ( which it is theoretically , and kind of isn \u00b4 t in practice ) . 
  you search in portuguese on google.pt and you get brazillian results , which is really frustrating because the brazillian results are almost always irrelevant and useless . 
  that is almost surely not what * portuguese * people ask about europe . 
  google search does not divide between brazillian and european portuguese , and is not geolocating search results , which is horrendous and makes googling for a few things absolutely frustrating . 
  so a lot of these results being about brazil makes sense if you consider brazillian population is much larger and they are aggregating brazillian queries . 
  which i really which they didn \u00b4 t because it \u00b4 s useless to me . 
  winning the hearts and minds eh ? 
  been done several times in the past . 
  can \u00b4 t see why it would work any better now than then . 
  the wars against spain for independence were far more than against habsburgs . 
  they were continuous . 
  1383-1386 was not about habsburg dominance , the 1762 invasion was not . 
  they are here commenting on it . 
  that is how you get thrown from a window into the tagus . 
  saramago was never a scientist of any kind , for you to take a work of fiction as some sort of reference . 
  you might have a superiority complex about portugal and as such expect the portuguese to have an inferiority complex , but dude you are like the unemployed cousin who thinks they are the hot shit and richer than you because they got new rims on their seat ibiza ... 
  what i learnt is the mediterranean is the line between ceuta and gibraltar . 
  but whatever . 
  it \u00b4 s at worse scenario still extremely close to the north atlantic , so expect some clouds to drift by . 
  actually it \u00b4 s in the north atlantic as well . 
  it \u00b4 s the nicest , most interesting town in the whole area . 
  it \u00b4 s weird , and unique . 
  i like it . 
  i read blue passports and was wondering why they wanted blue passports like the pets \u00b4 passports . 
  whatever rings your bell ... 
  that man started early clearly . 
  i think i could understand everything , which was a nice surprise . 
  don \u00b4 t bother on my account !, 
  at 5 in the afternoon ?!?!, 
  ( wow , maybe i can read that that language . 
  catalan ? ), 
   what can realistically be done any more to drop road fatalities ? 
  after a certain point , it \u00b4 s difficult , particularly to see returns . 
  but below a certain point it \u00b4 s very possible , and road fatalities have decreased immensely in portugal in the last 30 years . 
   make even safer cars ? 
  it helps . 
  and child seat and booster laws and regulations . 
  was reading something in the news about the local firemen who are champions in some international firemen competition about freeing people out of wreck cars and one of them mentioned an accident 7 years ago where they could not rescue a kid on time , and mentioned now they could with a new technique they developped ( lisbon technique apparently ) . 
  also not just spreading knowledge , but more means , the machines , better reaction times , faster responses . 
   put up ever stricter rules on drivers ' licences ? 
  maybe it \u00b4 s not so strict on some places , it \u00b4 s stricter now than it was . 
  also a lot of visible policing and dissuading - the police announces weekly on facebook where some of their speed radars are , which sounds counterproductive , but it \u00b4 s just a few of them , and if people hear or go check , they will also be more aware there are others not announced . 
  also road construction and improvement . 
  i was driving recently in a 20-30 km road which had very high fatality rates for decades , where they did some impressive improvements some years ago ( middle lane bars on some sections , so you can \u00b4 t cheat on the overtaking even if you wanted to ) . 
  that work has some years already and it \u00b4 s still flawless , all the signs are perfect , clear visible , all the very small side lane crossings marked and warned , the pavement is perfect after a few years , and massive warnings at a very dangerous crossing there . 
  going by the stats some people are still alive because of that work , though nobody will ever realize it personally !, 
  hope portugal 's maternity services are warned for the next fortnight . 
  one parent having alzheimer \u00b4 s is important . 
  and donald trump is 70 himself . 
  his contradictions , his memory , his shallow understanding really is terrible and i am not sure if it is all intentional . 
  he has a family history of dementia , alzheimer \u00b4 s at least . 
  and it would explain a lot . 
  european plate includes the azores ( or most of it anyway ) . 
  but not the lower , which is the most interesting one . 
  he forgot the azores but includes iceland . 
  the world is round , at least half of it is west and half east . 
  and even in europe some countries are not noticeably `` east '' of us , like britain . 
  if we were aware of iceland , them probably . 
  and norway , we trust norway regarding cod . 
  but historically , the sea and trade through the sea is far more important to us than a land connection . 
  the spanish and french ( and ocasionally romans , or goths , or northern africans ) try to invade us . 
  the sea just tears down some beaches ocasionally . 
  we don \u00b4 t particularly trust easterners . 
  we got a saying about the east winds ... 
  it might be argued from a health and safety point of view . 
  maybe portuguese are not very objective when it come to the weather but no , portuguese winters from the south and probably center and maybe a good part of the north are not shit . 
  they can be pretty cold in the northeast , and inland center , where climate tends towards continental . 
  and rain in portugal along the coast can be very intense , very hard , all the rain in a couple hours and then it \u00b4 s sunny , so no it \u00b4 s not non stop rain . 
  that is really unusual . 
  and your wife coming from setubal , it \u00b4 s really baffling . 
  maybe if she is from the area , some places near the sea can have particular microclimates which have damp foggy winters , places like sesimbra , and maybe aldeia do meco or something ( quinta do conde and palmela are on the north side of the hills but are also pretty sunny ) . 
  but check weather reports , or check photos tagged setubal or arrabida ( right next and very scenic so lots of photos for sure ) taken in winter and judge for yourself . 
  and nyc . 
  now i have heard everything . 
  she is ok with nyc weather and she things setubal winters are awful ? 
  just a warning : she is mentally unstable . 
  your wife is exaggerating and remembering mostly the memorable bad parts . 
  winter or summer in portugal is very variable . 
  the atlantic ocean is the biggest influence in portuguese weather obviously , and that means weather is very variable . 
  summers are usually reliably dry , and winters relatively mild but apart from that it changes . 
  it \u00b4 s a pet peeve of mine when tourists ask `` oh what \u00b4 s the weather going to be like in november/march/april / whatever '' ( july and august we can more or less predict though ) .
