  that is not true , regarding portuguese . 
  if you are counting speakers only within the eu and you are counting other catalan-family languages and dialects as well as non native speakers to pad up your numbers for portuguese you got to count galician as well as a dialect https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galician_language  galician has also been accepted orally as portuguese in the european parliament , having been used by some galician representatives , among others : jos\u00e9 posada , camilo nogueira and xos\u00e9 manuel beiras . 
  portuguese diaspora elsewhere in europe , first and subsequent generations which will add a few million more as well as people in the eu who have learnt portuguese as a foreign language , and there will be some millions . 
  no offense , but not even close . 
  if that is so , can \u00b4 t we count galician as a dialect of portuguese ? 
  it is . 
  i am really not surprised . 
  syriza , and similar movements have a lot of international fans in many many places . 
  in lisbon you got some particular political activists seriously into graffiti and greece and fmi and the troika is one of their big themes ( graphically really good work , though i am not sure they get that for lisbon people `` patriarchy '' and monsanto does not mean what they think it means ) . 
  some years ago there was at least another different group , much more sloppy graphically , who preffered big monuments - a lot of messages were in portuguese with spanish language mistakes which nobody portuguese would ever make . 
  a big facepalm to spanish written political portuguese about portugal written in national monuments . 
  ( and removing that costs money ! ), 
  they seem to have moved on , haven \u00b4 t seen anything new of theirs in at least 2 or 3 years . 
  i am sure some will , in any country . 
  but it \u00b4 s surely not typical , nor average . 
  lawyers and doctors are not necessarily so rare their tax evasion is not a significant drain . 
  my point is the small business owners , the doctors , the lawyers , the people with market stalls they are not the 1 % , they represent far more of the economy . 
   and rich guys like doctors and lawyers . 
  some small shop owners do that too , doctors and lawyers might be better off , in average , than average , but they are not what i think of when i think of `` rich people '' . 
  same about small shop owners , or even people who have their own businesses selling tomatos - and if you count all of them , they are going to be a very significative part of the economy, 
  that is a good working theory . 
  i had not heard it before , and it certainly explains the baffling referendum . 
  in a few years historians are going to have a lot of fun with these weeks ... 
   so he was naive to go into high-level political meetings and expect open rational argument attempting to arrive at a mutually benefitial solution , but game theory this is n't . 
  he is naive to go anywhere into the real world and expect it to be just like academia and people to follow the academic debate rules he is used to . 
   the other side always engages . 
  no , not in the real world , not if you think the other person is an idiot wasting your time . 
  the other side does not need to engage just because you want them to . 
  they must want to do so . 
   on the one hand it 's a sad that everybody automatically expects eu negotiations to be full of games , of bluffs and ultimatums and when a guy shows up who says what he means i actually think it was the other way around . 
  the eu was kind of saying the same thing ( austerity , these rules , grexit ) all along and it was greece playing bluffs and games - referendum !, 
  oxi !, 
  i think , it had been 5 years ago , we would all have been fucked . 
  i read some interesting analysis , the stress tests to banks , the cyprus crisis , the failure of portuguese bank ( and grupo ) espirito santo , probably all made the ez much more confident this time the rest of the ez was much more impervious to panic . 
  so far seems to hold . 
  who the fuck downvoted this ? 
  i don \u00b4 t get reddit , i really don \u00b4 t. 
  and yes we are . 
  and the cheap oil as well . 
  you don \u00b4 t have white drug dealers in hungary ? 
  wow , what a missed business opportunity for some . 
  4 billion in submarines . 
  a mid rank official with no decision power gets to amass 17 million . 
  that is prime minister pay grade here !, 
  and me thinking our 700 million submarines with those missing 20 million which everybody knows were bribes along the way were expensive !, 
  and it is true here as well , sorry germany , but the bribes were paid , maybe started by the german companies . 
  it \u00b4 s even more cringeworthy than i thought . 
  the imagery . 
  i mean wtf . 
   i too think it would n't be fair but from a pragmatic perspective there 's no way that an haircut would happen without portuguese and irish demands of also having a debt restruction . 
  that is a very important point which is in no way a given ( not unless portugal and ireland make a lot of noise ) and must be explained . 
   do n't come with suffering olympics or we 'll have 4 different replies from eastern europeans saying how worse their situation is . 
  i was using this recent post by greeks as an example , not of any kind of oppression olympics ( i mentioned explicitly it \u00b4 s a winter photo , at least 18 months old ) but as an example of how the greek themselves might , and some do , think we ourselves are not necessarily better . 
  https://twitter.com/comzeradd/status/618843499019010048 if , i won \u00b4 t say when because i hope it is a if and not a when , the humanitarian situation gets a lot worse , then yes , public opinion will care less , but there will have to happen a disconnect , only when we see them `` desgra\u00e7ados '' at a different level than us . 
  and it \u00b4 s portugal , we are actually suffering also , and we have a tendency to be pessimistic . 
   demonstrations ? 
  in this country ? 
  we only have manifs due to union strikes or from the people who lost their money in bes . 
  `` only '' . 
  and obviously , there can not happen new demonstrations . 
   no one in this country will ever protest against greece . 
  you have one opinion , and i have another . 
  i do think op was right , a lot of portuguese will be angry if greece gets pardons and stimulus which we do not . 
  not fair . 
   they have a humanitarian crisis much worse than ours . 
  on twitter people are putting up a queue for a charity soup kitchen in porto ( in winter , a couple winters ago iirc ) , as some kind of example of something . 
   i doubt many portuguese would be angry . 
  we must go around in different circles . 
  the sacrifices we made , and are still doing . . 
  if greece was pardoned and us still paying and not demand precisely the same , oh the conversations i would hear about that ... 
  the demonstrations , the newspaper pages ... any portuguese who would be ok with a pardon to greece and not demand the exact same conditions is an idiot . 
   greece has always been in a much worse situation than us either due to their more austere plan or their previous situation . 
  no , they have not `` always '' been in a much worse situation than us , their minimum wages used to be twice ours , their average pensions 3 or 4 ( or more ) times ours , their gdp used to be higher than ours ( and is pretty damn close even now ) . 
  more austere plan i don \u00b4 t know , but they did not have have restaurants and caf\u00e9s at 23 % vat till now for example . 
  their vat rates on their islands were lower than even in the azores . 
  and this is not a nice comparison , no way would i currently swap places , but if you think all , or even most of the portuguese , will just overlook all of this , no . 
  just mentioning something - this is a recent law and not sure how it is going to go in the future , but there is a new thing where fiscal inspectors get as bonus a percentage of the money they recover . 
  or better said , every year , government assigns a certain value ( u to a legal maximum of 5 % ) to a certain fund which the fiscal workers union then distributes over workers http://www.stimpostos.pt/index.php/legislacao/fet also worth checking , the receipt lotteries and lots and lots of small tax deductions for valid receipts . 
   they could not change their position until they had a similar strong mandate in the form of a `` yes '' vote . 
  i thought they could play the `` we are government , we will play at being impartial '' card - not sure how realistic thay possibility was . 
   imo that goes without saying : they can only decide which negotiation position to take , not which deal they get . 
  totally agree , which makes the referendum ( a week !, 
  a week of finantial uncertainty ) even more tragic . 
  they are getting a lot of the drawbacks of an euro exit ( capital controls , uncertainty , lack of production ) without any of the benefits , or any benefits at all . 
  not true imo , and believe me , i do not like austerity . 
  austerity is not building . 
  austerity is the equivalent of demolishing what is already there , even if not very good and having to surprisingly take down things you thought could stand but apparently are folding down as well , with no guarantee that anything will be built . 
  austerity is not building , is not meant to magically make things grow . 
  after austerity maybe , you can build things in that new space you got , and maybe , hopefully , the foundations can go deeper than what if you had not demolished that shaky stuff ( and not so shaky ) that was there before . 
  how so ? 
  via imf ? 
  if so , they have to take it with the imf . 
  via banks ? 
  if so take it with the banks . 
  just something to think about : sometimes you got to demolish bad foundations to build something solid . 
  you can \u00b4 t build something on rotten or unstable foundations , you can \u00b4 t let stand something unstable or dangerous . 
  demolishing is part of building . 
   hm , i ca n't see him campaigning again he ** is ** campaigning right now . 
  funnily enough two of the three things i reliably go to lidl to buy are greek fetta cheese , greek yogurt ( not made in greece , though , but very nice ) . 
  syriza has a lot of fans everywhere - locally they specialty is graffiti ( and i think they are good at it , even if it \u00b4 s not always welcome by wall owners ) .
