  it \u00b4 s really interesting . 
  just wondering , how much does monthly maintenance of living in this type of places cost ? 
  because if you got gates , you need 24 hour a day , everyday of the year security , which even for just one person at the gates probably implies costs of dunno 15 times minimum wage , depending on local laws on night work and holiday and so on . 
  two people at the gate , 30 or more , plus of course lots more for administration and maintenance , nevermind the waste of space ( or if you make the space inside your new neighborhood private , the city is not going to clean it or maintain it right ? ) . 
  i was trying to figure out the equivalent of `` condominium fees '' for these sort of places . 
  in some places in south america , is incredible how the `` middle classes '' seem to have lots of people working in buildings , porters , full time cleaning ladies and gardeners and just stuff , but those are places where the `` middle classes '' earn 15 , 20 , more times than minimum wage , and i think that is probably not the case in poland . 
  how much of a burden finantially is to live in a place like this ? 
  i think there was a small trend here for gated communities maybe some 15 years ago . 
  some still exist , particularly in richer areas or holiday areas , but a few in more middle class communities , they just seem to be mostly open nowadays . 
  the ones that exist are expensive , places you associate withr football players and drug traffickers , the kind of places you need a car in and out . 
  most buildings have video cameras and so on , and maybe a security company providing alarms and emergency services and so on though . 
   you 're like 99 % portugese , no we are not . 
  first not sure i know what you mean by 99 % portuguese , if you mean nationality we got about 200-400 thousand ( numbers vary ) foreign residents in a 10 million population so that is at least 2-4 % of card carrying officially foreign people . 
  if you mean ethnicity , that does not count people who are portuguese but are from other backgrounds either partially or totally - if all your grandparents were chinese or from guinea or maybe german . 
  we don \u00b4 t make stats , we don \u00b4 t record race and ethnicity and stuff and not sure we even know how to define it ( there are a lot of people in between who are free to define or not define anything as they wish ) . 
  and we are giving nationality a lot now by people with one portuguese ancestor which maybe is far more culturally clashing than you can imagine - somebody who grew up in a foreign country is not more portuguese just because their 1/2/3 / 4 grandparents were portuguese than the kid whose parents came from brazil/ukraine/china and was born and grew in portugal . 
  not really mass market but a former portuguese colony is the african island nation of s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 e pr\u00edncipe , which was an important chocolate producer way back in the 19th century . 
  they still mostly produce chocolate and coffee , with tremendous production problems and almost no distribution circuits , and their chocolate and coffee is pretty expensive compared to others . 
  both the chocolate and coffee are sublime , in different ways , the chocolate very strong , the coffee so smooth , and they are both really worth trying to explore . 
  probably , outside s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 itself , the best place to find them is portugal , particularly lisbon , so if you are in portugal worth checking that out . 
  annoying and insulting ? 
  try getting some visas for some countries !, 
  you don \u00b4 t have a right to visit the usa . 
  you don \u00b4 t have a right to visit any foreign country apart from countries your country has treaties with regarding such things . 
  asking for some information on your trip is reasonable and i do not find it insulting as well . 
  and if it \u00b4 s annoying and insulting to you to fill online a form and spend $ 14 dollars to go to the usa just imagine what it is for lots of people in africa , south and central america , asia which need far more effort and money to have the right to visit europe . 
  do you think we should waive totally the need for visas , for entrance requirements , for the whole world ? 
   of course it does , it requires you to be esta approved . 
  which i can do online and pay through credit card 14 dollars . 
  as a travel visa requirements , it \u00b4 s really really as simple , and very cheap , as it gets - if i wanted for example to go to russia or angola it would be a real mess . 
  and from the other point of view , it \u00b4 s so much simpler than it seems to be from people from other parts of the world to get a schengen visa . 
  and since i think it is right for a nationl to have some control over the entrance of foreign nationals ( and ilegal immigration is a danger particularly to those willing ilegal immigrants ) i think the usa has the same right . 
  if the usa wants to treat european countries as individual , it also seems fair enough - and to all countries to decide if they really do want to be treated in bloc ( in which case the usa can decide to do just that and up the visa requirements for all ), 
  have you read the last of the post ? 
  the usa is actually not making it particularly difficult for me , so i don \u00b4 t see why we should make it a lot harder for them ( or spend a lot of money creating some kind of platform to make it equally easily for them ) . 
  and american tourists bring money , they probably spend more than many other nationalities , why harm our economy that way ? 
  if the argument is about about all the eu nations standing together , same rights to all eu citizens given by a foreign power , nah , not interested . 
  eu citizens should have the same rights when it cames to eu governments , but foreign nations have a right to treat them separately because after all we are not one state , one nation . 
  their country , their right to decide who enters and on what conditions . 
  it \u00b4 s 14 dollars last i saw . 
  https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta/ not the same as 100 , and you can do it online in what 2 minutes ? 
  no going to embassies , leaving passports and so on ... maybe it is not fair exactly , but imo not worth making things difficult for american tourists , nevermind having to make some kind of platform , a way to handle efficiently visa requests . 
  and also if the eu decides to treat itself as a bloc regarding these visas , is it worth risking the usa/canada start demanding visas from the eu as a bloc ? 
  if they think some nationalities have a higher risk of ilegal immigration , it \u00b4 s their right to treat each nationality differently . 
  and the european countries a right to decide if that is ok with them or not ( and i think it is , not just because of economical interests but because fuck , it \u00b4 s their country , they got a right to notice stats and want to do something about that ) . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it will happen anyway , because quite seriously a lot of countries are not going to want to make things more difficult for low risk tourist visas from popular origins just because polish ( or other nations ) people abused their usa tourist visas too much . 
  i really doubt the eu is going to stand united on this . 
   fill an application , pay $ 100 $ 100 is a lot of money , particularly for something not actually necessary , for a stupid formality . 
  maybe you are planning to spend thousands already and won \u00b4 t notice it but $ 100 would surely be better spent on the country you are going to in something which you want , picked for , and that people providing a service are competing against each other for your 100 dollars . 
  or if it \u00b4 s all indifferent , there are tons of charities which would make much better use , globally , of your $ 100 than paying for a visa . 
  expensive visas make me feel ripped off , make a destination seem less attractive , more of a rip off . 
   however 98 % of families should n't be made to pay for a mandatory paternity test just because 2 % are stupid . 
  arguably if 100 % of babies were tested at birth , the price of the test could be legitimately supported by the local national health system and be much lower . 
  but not just paternity or at least paternity as a sort of health information right of the child - knowing something about half your genetic background is important . 
  and add some screening maybe , if at all reasonably cost efficient of any sorts of genetic issues of high prevalence/low cost ? 
  not a genetic test but for example all portuguese born babies are screened at birth for a particular ( genetic related , but the test is a blood test ) progressive disease . 
  that is not good for tourism . 
   washington and ottawa both demand visas before traveling for romanians and bulgarians , whose states joined the eu in 2007 . 
  the united states also excludes croatians , cypriots and poles from a visa waiver scheme offered to other eu citizens . 
  apart from poland which is schengen , the other countries are free to apply separate requirements . 
  if you are a young galician person , chances are your galician sounds a lot more castilian to us than of older rural galician people ( which in south galicia , to my ears is pretty much indistinguishable from portuguese ) . 
  so if it sounds like a spanish cadence or vowels , we may not pay so much attention , hey this vocabulary is pretty close to portuguese , it s portuguese ( and also we do not expect spanish to even try ) and might assign it mentally that speaker will not understand spoken portuguese back . 
  just say `` compreendo portugu\u00eas '' or `` percebo portugu\u00eas '' or `` sou galego '' when speaking . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it is a matter of dislike , on the contrary , i think it \u00b4 s trying to make it easier for you . 
  this reminds me of porto \u00b4 s former manager , lopetegui , who of course always got subtitles on tv . 
  but hearing the guy i actually think he was making an effort to learn portuguese ( spanish speaking players and managers never do ) and towards the end he was trying to speak portuguese , portuguese terms , but he got subtitled just the same . 
  the vocabulary is close enough , that for a random person who has not studied spanish we don \u00b4 t know if this word is different in spanish or not , or if the person is actually trying to speak portuguese , we just go by the cadence , accent to id the language spoken , more than words or grammar . 
   . could this be a result of portugal and spain having different timezones . 
  there is a a weird thing , that despite portugal and spain being on different timezones the spanish tend to do things later so it ends up being done at the same time . 
  say lunch in portugal around 1-2 pm , lunch in spain being between 2 and 3 pm . 
  the main tv news in portugal being at 8 pm , in spain being at 9 pm . 
  there is a theory about the weird spanish meal times that it is caused by their time zone being so `` off '' the natural solar hour and they compensating with it . 
  there is a big difference in intonation , expressiveness between european and american styles - and not just north america , i find brazillian news casts and tv anchors really surprising . 
  i made precisely the same comment , about the cheesy melodramatic presentation when this video was posted in r/portugal some months ago . 
  it just grates . 
  is there anything about the questions actually being asked ? 
  it only mentions questions being asked in phone interviews in english in some gulf countries . 
  because i frankly suspect language and cultural issues . 
  you people stop !, 
  you are noticeably happy it depresses everybody else , 
  sure dogshit is bad , but the amount of trash in nightlife places can be even more disgusting . 
  not just trash but human fluids - vomit , urine , and whatever , plus broken glass . 
  dog shit is almost harmless compared to that . 
  some photos http://bairroalto-comerciantes.blogspot.pt/2013_08_01_archive.html drunk people are messy . 
  this is one of the big clashes between inhabitants and tourism/night life , the garbage . 
  the other one is the noise of course . 
  but if you increase the number of tourists and night-life in a place the dirty it gets . 
  tourists got less inhibitions , don \u00b4 t understand customs , feel less fear or social censure , so it also gets worse . 
  ah , for bows ? 
  did not know that . 
  phd students ? 
  pfh . 
  can we please have our nurses back ? 
  it does not really make sense to compare . 
  the more nightlife , the more tourists an area has the more complicated it is to clean it up effectively - you can almost quit on nightlife areas . 
  then define cleaningness , are tags `` unclean '' ? 
  i don \u00b4 t like it but they are not unhygienic . 
  street art , real art , is not but for some people might look unclean . 
  we do . 
  mostly because portugal could not provide much help militarily that would be useful , would get overrun militarily by germany ( spain and germany had a secret deal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_felix https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_isabella which is oddly reminiscent of spain allowing napoleon to invade portugal ) but britain would for form \u00b4 s sake be forced to divert resources to defend portugal militarily if portugal got invaded .
