  and that is a eu problem . 
  also a problem , how some companies , namely that one , abuses short term labor contracts , they just do not renew contracts , every 3 or 6 months another batch of new workers . 
   there is no `` do you want a receipt ? 
  '' , they have to give it to you . 
  it is the same here , but there are two kinds of receipt , one normal , and another whether the consumer is listed by their name and fiscal number . 
  you always get at least the first , and are always asked if you want the second . 
  if you want to deduct any expense , you need the second kind . 
  and i think the finances prefer that every receipt is of the second kind because presumably much more difficult to fake or cancel or alter - the consumer putting a receipt which has not been registered in their expenses , they will check that !, 
  as a protest a while ago it was really popular when asked for the contribuinte \u00b4 s number to give the number of the prime minister . 
  except now each receipt works as a lottery ticket for a luxury car , kind of wonder if the pm is going to eventually win one of those , lol ,, 
  me either . 
  it would feel like the most embarrassing thing possible to offer money to a doctor or a police . 
  i don \u00b4 t know how widespread it really was in greece , just what i read , for example https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fakelaki in angola it \u00b4 s called gasosa and maybe i will correct something , the case i know of employees really really asking and expecting to receive bribes is at a certain embassy in lisbon regarding visas . 
   piece of paper a couple of years ago , now give a receipt from the cash register and ask if i want an receipt with my tax number yes , you can not buy a bottle of water without being asked if you want `` factura com contribuinte '' . 
  and there is way more , one of the first things the finances did , some 3 or 4 years ago was they targeted some types of businesses ( restaurants , beauty salons , car repair shops , don \u00b4 t remember what else ) and they started this online platform , if you asked for receipts with tax numbers from businesses in that category you could get some deductions in your taxes . 
  now any receipt you ask with fiscal number works as a lottery ticket to win an audi - seriously https://faturas.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt/fatsorte/home.action and there have been some very strict changes to things like companies needing to keep their inventories online and about transport documents . 
  at least one very large software company has had lots of its administrators going to answer ( or already answered ) in court . 
  all of this has decreased tax evasion surely but a warning , this has been really cumbersome for small businesses , software certifications and requirements changing like 3 times in 18 months , the laws regarding transport documents did not even make total sense due to logistic and i am really not sure how well personal data is protected . 
  but something else , i think it was never quite as bad as people report things in greece - i don \u00b4 t know anybody who ever bribed a doctor or hospital receptionist or police or tax officer or something with cash out cold . 
  the ideals of an european union ( or the eec ) are , were , kind of humanistic hopeful ideals of helping fellow human beings - free movemento of people , good and services . 
  the differences between countries back in 1950s , the differences back in 1989 are somewhat difficult to remember now . 
  but the same way eastern europe has profited a lot from having joined the european union , through receiving investments , support , its people having freedom to move to richer countries , it is incredibly selfish to turn their back and now say this is italy ( and greece ) \u00b4 s problem and only them . 
  i do not want further political or any kind of integration with any country whose citizens overwhelmingly see no problem with the idea of leaving people drowning that you can save . 
  i sometimes think the biggest divide in europe is not north-south but west-east . 
  keep in mind that the way italy and greece are the ones , due to geography , fishing people out of the sea , one day you too might be disfavored by geography and need the help of countries who got nothing to do with problems back east ... 
  i am talking about extra virgin , or virgin olive oil . 
  with refined or blends of course it \u00b4 s difficult to generalize . 
  but particularly in extra virgin , extremely good quality olive oil you totally notice the differences , the notes and how oil is different from region to region , from type of tree to another - cordovil , galega , verdeal and even then you got subvarities . 
  it is totally possible to id from where a good olive oil comes from . 
  of course it \u00b4 s still to compare a very good one to a bad one , and if its good , some types are better for some things and dishes others for others . 
   spanish olive oil is typically more bland . 
  i don \u00b4 t know about spain specifically , but extrapolating from portugal , there is a huge difference in the taste of the oil , the flavour , the acidity related to the tree varieties and even location or if the trees have been watered . 
  extrapolating usually southern portuguese olive oils are sweeter , more fruity , northern portuguese olive oils are sharper , piquant , more spicy . 
  and there there are tons and tons of difference regarding pressing and special groves and kind of trees and all that . 
  and lol , seriously , some years are better than others , 
  3-4 euro for a 7 dl bottle of nice national one . 
  you did not state both values . 
  you stated them in f which for me is a particularly repellent unit because to convert is not just multiply by a set value ( feet , miles i got an idea ) but add something to multiplying by a set value . 
  so you want to talk about europe but with americans ? 
  and if europeans want to talk with you about europe they better do the math ? 
  what the fuck do you think you are doing using weird temperature scales ? 
  and are we supposed to know what the fuck how hot that is ? 
  ^ ( false flag , for sure . . ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ( troll ), 
   i 've experienced 45 in portugal , it 's much more pleasant than 30 in the netherlands . 
  i have done both , and if you do not count the air conditioning and other conditions , uh , not in my opinion . 
  i think temperatures past 37 really are a different struggle . 
  45 is not to be taken lightly . 
  it is much easier to find respite from 45 degrees weather in portugal than from 30 in the netherlands though - lots of air conditioning ( buses ! , cars ! ), 
  and even some old buildings are beat to retain the cold and have enormous thermic inertia , plus the coast is normally windy and that helps a lot . 
  but 45 is on itself a lot more dangerous than 30 . 
  go to the azores . 
  maximum temperature ever recorded there was about 30 . 
  and tons of volcanos and hikes and stuff on going during the summer . 
  it has just been on my mind because there is currently a hot air balloon now on going in s\u00e3o miguel island and i want ... 
  sadly they are predicting temperatures rising towards the end of the week . 
  the algarve itself is , at least in the coast , maybe a little cooler than lisbon in summer . 
  the west part can be very windy in the late afternoon and evening . 
  drink water guys , lots of it , add more salt to your diet , and careful with the alcohol , you are going to need a lot more water to process the alcohol when it \u00b4 s really hot . 
  i really hope you can get hold of the contractors to ask them a few questions , wtf , what are you putting in your roads so that they are melting and it \u00b4 s not even 40 ? 
  or more seriously , i guess different grades of pavement for different expected temperature ranges ? 
  seriously our roads do not melt , and it gets hotter every year . 
  well , it rained on wednesday for about 5 minutes , which was great , my plants did not need to be watered . 
  and at night it is is getting to 14-15 degrees which i love , it \u00b4 s fresh air . 
  15 to 27 is a perfect summer day . 
  past 37 is a landmark , it really is . 
  though it can still get worse , and i think you can pretty much feel every single degree making it worse . 
  below 37 you can kind of ignore it with willpower , past 37 , no . 
  the worse though is not a really hot extreme temperature one day , the really hard thing is many days and nights where the night does not get cool . 
  if you got lots of days in a row of 26/27 to 35/36 it will be complete and total hell , nobody can sleep well , everybody is very tired and irritable . 
  our record is 47.4 ( or 47.5 . same day same place , different versions . 
  i remember that day , though i was not there , it was `` just '' 44-45 where i was ) . 
  i hope the record stands a long long time ... 
  and it \u00b4 s fantastic !, 
  perfect summer weather . 
  don \u00b4 t say a single thing to jinx it . 
  edit to add - the sea , the western coast is surprisingly hot though . 
  meteorological services are saying 19-20 degrees and in june-july you are lucky if it \u00b4 s 17-18 , and 16 is not unusual !, 
  there might be seaweed or jellyfish or those nasty bacteria which close beaches later in the summer . 
  20 degrees in the western coast in early july , wtf . 
  but that was for real heat ... 
  one thing is pretty clear and i think we can all agree on : , less than a year into his mandate we know have a runaway favorite , odds looking unsurmountable , for worst eu commission president ever . 
  was this the best ? 
  seriously ? 
  put it in math then . 
  colloquial english maybe we are not understanding each other but to me gambling more is the one who will get more devastated if the result is negative to them . 
  or if you want to weight it by expected probability , fine also valid . 
  the biggest gambler is still pretty clearly to me syriza who had more to lose and not a very high odds of gaining what they wanted . 
  i disagree very much about on who is gambling more , or much more than what they can afford . 
  but we shall very shortly see for ourselves who loses more and how good at strategy and negotiating syriza really is . 
  soon . 
  if they wanted to ask the people `` should we leave the euro '' , they had months to have asked it before . 
  the referendum should have been last sunday , not this next one . 
  in my opinion , the referendum was some sort of time wasting bid technique to use in negotiations - which seems to have failed , and might eventually backfire though we can not tell that yet . 
  i do blame syriza , they are negotiating like they are playing poker with a bad hand , and i think the troika is not playing poker . 
  i don \u00b4 t know what will be best , it \u00b4 s impossible to tell , because it all depends on metric for best as well as relative sucess of the implementation of each is all going to depend on details and decisions still be made . 
  decisions down the line , will make all the difference for how well it turns out for the greeks - there is no way of knowing for sure how bad or well something which will turn up . 
   i think the greek govt assumed that the troika would be reasonable some might say the greek governments definition of reasonable was not the same as the troika \u00b4 s definition of reasonable . 
  by all accounts , if they had the less power , if they were the ones needing something more than the other side , it was up to them to read the opponent better . 
   when you have editorials in the financial times with experts saying that they would vote `` no '' then maybe we should look at how unsustainable the situation is . 
  that is part of my problem , because it was going to be austerity all along .
