  what does this guy * want * and what does it want nato to do ? 
  from what i understood he wants nato to not mind finland not having joined till now ( which fair is enough , totally their choice ) . 
  he thinks the west was not decisive enough with syria but was too close to ukraine . 
  is he trying to pass the notion finland is the expert on russia whose advice we all should follow ? 
  but if so , what does he want ? 
  appeasement ? 
  nato to leave the baltic ( and finland ) on their own ? 
  what does this guy want ? 
  what is according to him , the failure of understanding and what does he propose is done differently ? 
  if you want to understand the russian interst in portugal , a crucial part of the article is this  jose pedro aguiar-branco ( the portuguese defense minister ) was speaking in lithuania , where portugal is leading a nato air patrol mission . 
  the air force was getting all the selfie opportunities and good facebook posting material . 
  the f-16 pilots in portugal were jealous of the ones sent to the baltic , it was nice of russia to spend so much money in fuel and send those vintage historical planes for the air force \u00b4 s facebook photos . 
  and they even thought of the navy , so the air force did not get all the fun . 
  selfies and facebook photos for all !, 
  ( seriously , by now a significant percentage of all portuguese fighter pilots will have photos escorting russian planes , either off portugal or over the baltic ) . 
   the ( portuguese defense ) minister spoke to reporters at the ** end of a visit to siauliai air base , in northern lithuania ** , about 200 kilometers from the capital , vilnius , where he visited those found in a policing mission and the nato air surveillance highlighted national forces . 
  the most important piece of the news , and the real reason . 
  portugal is a nato member , has sent before planes for baltic and iceland air policing , and is currently heading the baltic air police force . 
  i think the russians are just trying to play games with portugal , if we were caught short handed by the planes and people we sent to lithuania . 
  notice the second time they sent their vintage bombers the portuguese air force decided to send four planes rather than 2 . edit just to add : i kind admire the little dig , of portugal announcing this directly through the defense minister in lithuania , rather than a press release or something , the calling attention to `` look were we are , lol ! '' . 
  this is kind of relevant as well , because remember that sherlock holmes , the curious case of the dog not barking ? 
  kind of relevant as well , who did not send planes ( or ships ) to meet the russian planes , which is spain . 
  spain is or was supposed to take over the nato baltic air policing soon and there are rumors about problems with their eurofighter jets . 
   this man may have this flag up for reasons beyond the extremely simplified european view . 
  in europe the `` extremely simplified european view . '', 
  is extremly more likely . 
   europeans misusing the flag does not change its inherent american ( real ) symbolism . 
  i understand and was a bit embarrassed to compare , but it was the perfect parallel example . 
  europeans using something with real american or indian symbolism and history is probably not due to that history and cultural tradition , or at least not to do with the honorable parts . 
   if europeans want to oversimplify a symbol with 150 + years of changing history and symbolism to it that 's their business . 
  i regret making this thread regress to proving godwin \u00b4 s law really really fast , but pity the swastika . 
  millennia ( 150 years is not a lot ) of symbolism , cultural and religious and europeans now oversimplify all its history to just an episode and just an association . 
  not comparing exactly both usages , there is not the same level of revulsion , but just explaining that historical context does necessarily excuse the usage by any given person or situation - sometimes yeah it \u00b4 s for historical reasons , but many times , particularly when used by europeans , the usage is not pretty . 
  as somebody else quoted  `` cazeneve , police , the flag of south africa during apartheid is missing from your collection , '' the association in the south of the usa might be different , dunno ; in europe the association is much simpler . 
  i seriously doubt somebody had the flag there because of their ancestors dying or fighting in an american civil war . 
  i did not understand the article , too well . 
  is it trying to make the concern look silly ? 
  `` complex '' under quotes to make it seem irrelevant ? 
  russia is doing the equivalent of playground stuff , like getting really close to a line they are not supposed to cross ( national airspace ) and going `` oh i could cross this line any time i wanted '' . 
  or even crossing it for 10 cms really really fast ( 600 meter incursion over estonian air ) . 
  they are not the first , nor will they be the last , country to act like a 6 year old in foreign affairs . 
  but they have gone to a lot of trouble with some of these and the complex adjective is warranted without dubious quotation marks , and the increase in frequency is also interesting . 
  also keep in mind that bullies sometimes misjudge what people will let them get away with ... 
  good job . 
  i called these maps before a clusterfuck of wrong , and each time i look of it , it looks like it has even more wrong stuff i had not yet appreciated . 
  lol . 
  mirandese in portugal ? 
  not even if you count it as languge with the second largest number of native speakers , you will have many other languages in portugal - crioulo for example , english , cantonese , romanian than mirandese . 
  mirandese is protected and alive and honored , but it \u00b4 s spoken only in a tiny area . 
  trust me , much more people speaking crioulo natively in amadora than mirandese in miranda . 
  i do not know that site , but it does not seem very reputable . 
  i think they went and picked up some graphs posted in r/mapporn a couple months ago http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2dbjkw/second_first_languages_in_every_country_oc_os/ and they did not even correct the spelling of `` belerusian '' or `` portugese '' . 
  not professional at all and that is the least problem with their methodology . 
  that shopping mall looks a lot more like a real palace than this !, 
  ( just remove the banners ) . 
  now i have seen more photos , it looks precisely like the headquarters of a local bank http://www.gbefactory.eu/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/banca-caixa-geral-de-depositos2-640x375.jpg, 
  do you like this presidential palace ? 
  because when i said what it reminded me of , i did not mean it as compliment to the architect or person who commissioned it . 
  glass and steel can be pretty swanky . 
  but this one kind of reminds me of this local mall http://www.snpcultura.org/fotografias/centro_comercial_colombo_gf.jpg http://www.cinclus.pt/conteudo/colombo_800px.jpg https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctxbzam0uqvvq2n99fw6vwecih6r2hqnal0o_z5utcqlu9iwasz maybe it \u00b4 s just that big late 20th century , early 21st century architecture always tends to look mall-like ? 
  either that or like an abstract sculpture , maybe . 
  better you than me ... 
  you mean you don \u00b4 t ? 
  who can resist that ? 
  precisely . 
  not quite what i pictured when they mentioned palace . 
  this looks like it should have big banners advertising the anchor stores and a huge parking lot . 
  they will hate whatever calls out on their hypocrisy . 
  i was reading that piece of news and thinking of a 400 ( 500 ? ), 
  year old play in my native language with some digs at corrupt hypocritical powerful people and there is older stuff in many more languages . 
  now they hate the internet , and / or the press . 
  i think there is even something on the bible which is relevant '' , those who do evil hate the light . '', 
  ( or words to that effect ), 
  with those particularly details for color , yeah russian , but i was reading it and thinking of the universality of the hypocrisy of politicians and the those who make a point of looking very pious and godly . 
  it was very good and interesting , thanks !, 
  and this was just a fantastic piece of news ...  assistants of a famous/pro-orthodox/anti-gay / deputy vitaly milonov turned out to be the owners of a network of strip-clubs where club staff were robbing drunk clients . 
  hundreds of people became the victims of the crooks . 
  if they wanted to make portugal notice them , this is what they had with enough range . 
  they made two expeditions this past week ( and i am sure all air force pilots got their cameras ready for any more ) , they go around europe in international waters - they are escorted part of the way by other russian planes including fighter jets , but the fighter jets have to turn back eventually around norwegian/british controlled airspace . 
  these turboprops are very slow and noisy but they got crazy range , 15000 kms or something . 
  somebody was posting a video of it , and i feel somewhat sorry for the pilots , their bones and ears , making this trip and back http://i.imgur.com/ttxuiwf.png in that plane at a top speed of 900 km/h !, 
  we noticed guys !, 
  but cool it down with interfering and endangering civilian aircraft . 
  they got submarines , right ? 
  everybody knew that already , right ? 
  nuclear armed nuclear submarines are much scarier than these bombers , imo . 
   , we can only conclude that with theese massive airspace violations , russians just do n't know how to fly . 
  they were drunk and lost . 
  russians being russian . 
  they got dash cam footage and all . 
  at least nobody , particularly personal friends of vladimir putin died in a plane wreck this week due to russians being drunk ... 
   this happens on a regular basis . 
  downwards to portugal , absolutely not . 
  or not before this week , where they did it twice . 
  they have gone to a lot of effort to fly the only planes they have capable of that range just outside our airspace . 
  let \u00b4 s respect the sacrifice of that crew flying 10-12 hours in a very noisy , very shaky , somewhat slow turboprop bomber , most of the way unescorted and relatively defenceless to just make fly bys outside our airspace , so let \u00b4 s pay attention to them ( seriously , youtube that plane and imagine flying on it for 12 hours . 
  those poor bastards ) . 
  they want us to pay attention or they would not be doing it . 
  thank goodness they can do not need to buy fuel in hard currency , it would have been way expensive otherwise !, 
  bad .
