   definetly a hostile move by germany ... what ? 
  how on earth is that hostile ? 
  people organized their lives , planned them , thinking they had a right to work and live in a foreign country . 
  if circumstances change through no fault of their own , it \u00b4 s only kind to give them the chance to be keep that right , even if it \u00b4 s not reciprocated , and it \u00b4 s in no way aggressive towards the uk . 
  might just be ( in our case would be ) a residence permit , not citizenship which is a very different kettle of fish . 
  what are you going to do with the people who chose to retire here and whose homes , particularly if in small desertified country villages , will not be expensive enough for residence permits through investment ? 
  removing them right just for a grudge would be really unkind , and stupid . 
  ( not sure about the national health service access , but something to negotiate as well , or get them some special insurance plan or something ) . 
   fifa rankings based on performances throughout numerous matches can not compare to one game . 
  my point is taking 4 years , and only 4 years of mostly irrelevant matches , giving special attention to the past year ( which in the case of tournaments is mostly irrelevant matches ) , and not distinguish well enough between say a world cup semifinal and a random friendly match is not a really good measure of a national team quality . 
  as such high rankings are kind of meaningless . 
  belgium is not more dangerous or better quality than germany or italy ( really ) . 
  and i am old enough i remember portugal being number whatever ( 3 ? 
  in the fifa rankings , it does not mean anything . 
  it does not really mean anything . 
  long term experience is also a lot more seems to stick , it gives a kind of confidence which is important golden generations and high fifa rankings , been there , done that , got the tshirt . 
  it \u00b4 s bullshit . 
  matches must be won ( even if on penalties ) one by one . 
  fifa rankings they are a con made for americans and asian markets , so that fifa get media attention every month and makes it seem stuff happened . 
  and that is why they are so stupid , if they took into account the last 10 years rather than last 4 ( with special notice to just one year ) the changes would be much less dramatic , so less headlines and attention . 
  they want a fast moving ranking for extra media attention and that means the ranking is shit . 
   the trouble in prato began on wednesday , when state health officials , who stepped up checks after seven people died in a fire at a garment workshop in 2013 , went to inspect a factory . 
   the owner reacted angrily after an inspector noted minor violations of health and safety rules , shoving the inspector and the police accompanying him , according to a police source . 
  nevermind the minor violations , trying to intimidate a health inspector should be a very very major infraction and the license should be revoked . 
   police said they had confiscated clubs and iron bars from the group , which calls itself the `` city of the white deer '' , whose members allegedly organized aggressive patrols to find north africans whom they accused of stealing . 
  wtf . 
  don \u00b4 t underestimate italy . 
  if there is one rule in international football , don \u00b4 t fucking ever underestimate italy . 
  and italy is somehow always italy , always capable of the same things . 
  they can play like crap on friendlies and qualification , they can manage to screw up group stages , they can lose to anybody if they feel like it , but lose against germany , not happened yet , not on a real match . 
  that tells you a lot of how much the fifa rankings are worth . 
  fifa rankings are calculated through a formula . 
  the formula imo doesn \u00b4 t take into account nearly enough time , it seems to only use recent games ( 1 year and 4 years ) http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/fifafacts/rawrank/ip-590_02e_wrshort_8791.pdf when we know international football , the character of national teams remains consistent for far longer . 
  it weights the importance of matches as well , but even that imo is not nearly enough , some teams ( like italy or portugal ) usually don \u00b4 t pay much attention to friendlies and seem to do just enough to qualify and that \u00b4 s that . 
  obviously . 
  i had wondered about which agency was in the uk and if it was worth a cheeky bid , but considering the field probably not . 
  it \u00b4 s normal and natural . 
  it \u00b4 s going , no use pretending you are not interested . 
  one less commissioner as well and the uk had an important one , so some reassignment . 
  1  so they are allowed to draw and say whatever the fuck they want 2  but the brits who wanted to leave the eu are racists and xenophobic ? 
  what does 1 have to do with 2 ? 
  logically ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think you understand the concept of free speech . 
  wanting the right to free speech does not mean you need to shut up when you see other people doing something you think is bad . 
  it \u00b4 s not like `` oh have your free speech and you can \u00b4 t criticize us ! '', 
  you missed a lot of points indeed , but don \u00b4 t worry about it . 
  there is a bit of ireland , the one without people . 
  and galicia is not eastern ( much ) !, 
  but i meant `` eastern european '' not eastern without any qualification which would mean just that it was eastern to me . 
  though by eastern europe i mean the classical definition , a line down the middle , not that supposed `` central europe , not eastern europe '' thing which some countries push for . 
   the baby is dead babies are very resilient , you do life support till help arrives , remember being explicitly told that , for both drowning and cardiac arrest . 
  paramedics will try far longer with babies than with adults , and babies can be revived after amazing long periods . 
  going with the figure of speech and just alerting in the spirit of passing important information . 
  with babies you never quit life support , only a doctor can later declare it dead . 
  does the expression throw the baby out with the bathwater make any sense to you ? 
   and german politicians claim that ... it 's eastern europeans !, 
  a lot of increased criminality in portugal is because of organized eastern european rings . 
  true ( no refugees or northern african or middle eastern people here ) . 
  specially gangs robbing houses or cars . 
  and if they made it here , stands to reason they will go to richer or nearer countries as well . 
  edit - an example , basically the most violent thing which is not domestic violence which has happened here lately http://www.cmjornal.xl.pt/nacional/portugal/detalhe/gang_tenta_assaltar_carrinha_de_valores.html aparently eastern european people with probably military training . 
   well ... yes . 
  keep telling yourself that !, 
   yes . 
  that is something that i understand and you do n't . 
  really clearly . 
  sarcasm also . 
   wow , i have to lie and misrepresent reality to make my case and all i do is desperately attack people personally ... maybe i 'm wrong . '' ? 
  i am enjoying this conversation so much !, 
  it \u00b4 s like paid entertainment !, 
  i am not trolling i am actually not , not on purpose , but it \u00b4 s like really good satire of some corners of the internet but for real !, 
   ah , so you are too dumb to understand a term beyond the first definition you find . 
  yeah , yeah i am the dumb one on this conversation . 
  do you realize there being more definitions ( not that any is that different or seems to apply ) does not remove the irony ? 
  oh extremely cynical one who thinks removing nations is going to work really well on the long term and that simple concepts you learn early on your academic career are good guidelines for world policy and not to be contested . 
  so so cynical . 
   based on simple mathematics and system theory is that what you learned on your first year university 40 hour university course ? 
   the existence of nations is wasteful . 
  it 's inefficient and ineffective . 
  so you propose to end with nations . 
  that will work well in a planet with such unevenly distributed wealth , population and diverse moralities . 
   why do you comment at all ? 
  feel free to ignore . 
  by the way first definition of cynical https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/cynical cynical ( comparative more cynical , superlative most cynical ) 1 . 
  of or relating to the belief that human actions are motivated only or primarily by base desires or selfishness . 
  so cynical you !, 
  ( even if you claim to use the word with another meaning , that won \u00b4 t change the irony ) . 
  not that there is nothing wrong with being an idealist , just a funny irony . 
   because my position is evidence-based evidence based about long term effects ? 
  in a totally different economic scenario than at any time in past . 
  sure . 
  `` evidence based '' . 
   you do n't even know what the word cynical means , why do you even believe you can converse with people about complicated issues ? 
  now that is indeed `` sad '' . 
   that 's pretty sad . 
  why is it sad that people have different views than you ? 
   how can these people live with themselves knowing that they harm future generations for no other reason other than ideology how do you know you yourself are not the one buying into ideology ? 
  `` over the long term wellbeing of human society and the planet '' that is a lot of rhetoric . 
  thing is , we don \u00b4 t know , we can \u00b4 t know for sure and in fact far more than eu/noneu it \u00b4 s going to be the exact details of all decisions in the future which is going to matter . 
  a strong eu is not necessarily a good thing if it takes the wrong decisions .
