   fuck me you 're salty . 
  provocateurs a french concept . 
  salty . 
  sure . 
  i was worried i was misspelling it . 
  and yes , it \u00b4 s an important concept for controlling hooliganism . 
   fuck that . 
  i wo n't drink my wine in plastic bottles because some idiots wan na see a bunch of rich retards hit a ball . 
  i am just going to quote that . 
  and a word of warning , being able to predict crowd problems is not about foreigners , it \u00b4 s about your own safety and the safety of people actually living there , all of them . 
  and usually one of these tournaments is a really good opportunity to improve , to learn , to test security measures . 
  not to say , everything is fine and is the fault of foreign rich retards , because evidently it \u00b4 s not . 
  and what you learn about controlling sports hooligans , maybe winkwinknudgenudge might be helpful for other situations . 
   154 polish arrested , 24 russians . 
  that 's fine for you ? 
  i was the one who posted that to you yesterday as a great example of what to do !, 
  and you throwing it back as something undesirable ? 
  yeah , if people are causing trouble , they should be arrested , for the safety of all others . 
  why should arresting trouble makers not `` be fine '' ? 
  that is what you do . 
   dude go troll sole other place cuz you 're boring . 
  ca n't even google . 
  geesh . 
  friday 10th - day 1 saturday 11th - day 2 today is day 3 of euro 2016 . 
   only about 20 frenchmen were involved . 
  you ca n't micromanage everything you know . 
  actually yeah , you can . 
  you can keep an eye out on local ultras and their plans , you can put undercover cops around fans and have an eye out and maybe some intervention police nearby out of sight . 
  you can do things like forbidding the sale of drinks , even in supermarkets in glass bottles because they are stupidly dangerous , you can check if there is no loose easy to throw heavy stuff around . 
  a lot of this football violence is agent provocateurs ( a french concept by the way ) hooligans of one kind or another , sometimes under false flags attacking others and then using a group feeling threatened to attack another one , creating violence for the kicks . 
  it \u00b4 s really important to identify ( and undercover , or bringing police who are acquainted with them from beforehand , having files ) them before they can start trouble . 
  it \u00b4 s almost like france has never handled football matches before . 
  it \u00b4 s weird , in euro 2012 there were all these doomsday predictions about violent ultras and racism and bad planning , but it went out fine , and now france of all places is the place with out of control ultras , heavy handed but ineffective police and flares and rushes in stadiums . 
  and it \u00b4 s only day 3 . 
   the behavior of certain fans is france 's fault ? 
  `` fans '' in an euro match in france having flares and smoke bombs is france \u00b4 s fault . 
  france authorities not having predicted some `` fans '' might rush others and having no visible police in a stadium is france \u00b4 s faults . 
  drinks in glass bottles out on a french town being sold plentifully before a dangerous match is france \u00b4 s fault . 
  using tear gas indiscriminately is france \u00b4 s fault ( match ticket holders in the entrance for a match ? 
  seriously ? ) . 
  not being good at crowd control is incompetent . 
  not arresting the people actually causing trouble , whatever their nationalities , is a problem . 
  you can \u00b4 t use tribalism to ignore problems . 
  it \u00b4 s like the french authorities did not bother to research anything on how to prevent problems from occurring at these type of events , how to control crowds in order to keep hooligans isolated and powerless and without impact , and as such not able to affect the large majority of innocent fans . 
  did you notice previous euros and world cups ? 
  the thing about the european union is that we can learn from other countries and in things they do better , copy their good practices . 
  violent hooligans wanting to cause trouble are not something new , every major tournament has to have a plan to deal with them , lots of cl and uefa matches . 
  and local authorities , for the safety of all innocent fans and bystanders , better have good plans , learn how to prevent things . 
  and a lot of what we have seen directly on tv is a sign the french authorities are being very bad at it . 
  smoke bombs , flares in an euro match is inexcusable . 
  it \u00b4 s criminally dangerous as well , not just as a sign that if `` fans '' could have brought them , terrorist could have brought something else , but because panics in enclosed spaces are extremely dangerous things . 
   okay it 's a bit hilarious i admit . 
  of course , bad policing and crowd control planning is oh so hilarious if we can make it about tribalism . 
  then you should have passed organizing the euro to another country , 6 months was more than enough time . 
  but it didn \u00b4 t. 
  and what happens inside a stadium matters as well , because the whole world is seeing live . 
  and not being able to control people bringing in fucking flares and smoke bombs in an euro game does not raise much confidence about france \u00b4 s ability to fry any fish . 
  and if they brought smoke bombs they could have brought others . 
  btw this is nice reading , the opening match iirc of the euro 4 years ago and it seemed to have been relatively quiet afterwards http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/euro-2012-blood-on-the-streets-as-183-880622 183 people arrested . 
  so yeah , france should go and arrest , of any side . 
  but this organizing is pathetic . 
  if you invite people to come to the euros you host , you got the responsability to the best to keep everybody safe from attack . 
  without trying to turn things into tribalism . 
  your bigger fish to fry, 
   here 's english fans chanting `` isis where are you '' and `` isis we love you '' . 
  those people should get arrested according to french law . 
  why didn \u00b4 t they , then ? 
  because that is the way you create a safe environment , by actively persecuting people who are a danger to others or breaking the law , not creating tribal warfare and using oh a piece of news of some people in another ocasion to justify extremely bad planning . 
  or do you mean the only people in danger in the stadium were the ones doing the chants and that is why that is ok ? 
   the crs should descend upon them but i guess they do n't want the bad press . 
  oh , bad press . 
  that must hurt . 
  and will hurt as well how the fuck do people get into a game like this with fireworks/flares whatever . 
   weird that it does n't happen with other fans though . 
  weird indeed . 
  which fans would that be ? 
  none but the russians or none but the english ? 
  because it happens ( and frequently ) , has happened and quite likely will happen again and soon . 
  i don \u00b4 t know where the police was , but obviously they should have had real police , maybe out of sight but near the border areas . 
  maybe they were wrongly focused on the outside danger , but the whole planning is looking absolutely atrocious . 
  come on , they could have asked , checked how previous tournaments were organized , the beer bottle thing is just wtf-are-bars-selling-glass-bottles , it \u00b4 s basic stuff . 
  and they got teams in the cl , they surely have to have some experience with cl matches , didn \u00b4 t they have a cl final as well ? 
  not just disgraceful behaviour , but wtf have the french been doing about security ? 
  because all the stuff i am seeing on the news , tons of glass bottles being sold and served in town , something like this happening in an euro match , photos of fireworks inside the stadium , there are techniques to prevent shit like this . 
  who the fuck thought it was a good idea to allow bars and caf\u00e9s to keep selling drinks in glass bottles in the days before a russia-england in marseille ? 
  hooligans , idiots , thugs of any nationality will take any openings they find to create trouble . 
  particularly if you let them feel they might be attacked and are just defending themselves by attacking first . 
  and more than saying russians this , english this ; the thing is why didn \u00b4 t the french do more to prevent this ? 
  fireworks in the stadium are totally unacceptable ( if fireworks were brought in so could have other things ) . 
  selling drinks in glass bottles while two huge masses of rival , famously violent , `` fans '' are waiting for a bit match !, 
  actually of world cup 2002 . but also world cup 2010 , and a bunch others which might have had expected result but were weirdly tense . 
  opening games are weird things . 
   but he has dual citizenship though . 
  he 's more than portuguese descent dual citizenship kind of implies from having portuguese descent and having portuguese descent means you can have dual citizenship . 
  and not having portuguese citizenship does not mean we would not consider somebody portuguese ( herman jos\u00e9 ) if they are so culturally , socially . 
  edit - also this day , the whole month is kind about neighbourhood parties , the community . 
  not blood , or ancestors , about the people nearby you help and can help you . 
  and you can hiphenate portuguese as you wish and nobody will conteste the portuguese part . 
  but saying you are `` portuguese '' with no hiphen and not being aware of the 10th of june , no way . 
  you need to qualify that , to explain that with some context , with some other ( main ) nationality as a way of warning us you are not actually portugal portuguese .
