  i thought they meant the goose barnacle . 
  not a bird !, 
  birds , like who eats that when they can eat sea food ? 
  fuck you , english language for your lack of understanding of gourmet food priorities . 
   one in five men in the russia federation die due to alcohol-related causes , compared with 6.2 percent of all men globally wtf . 
   in 1223 , when the russian army suffered a devastating defeat against the invading mongols and tartars , it was partly because they had gone into battle drunk . 
  this honestly seems like a good tactic against the russians . 
  make sure they find thousands of liters of vodka , wait a few hours and then attack . 
  money . 
  job openings ? 
  in portugal ? 
  what a surprising concept !, 
  ( sorry , no . 
  like for every possible new job i can think of , there are tons of people i know with friends , children , cousins , colleagues looking for work and with qualifications :(, 
  i need to find my gloves . 
  i forgot to do it last year , but got to do it this year , maybe this year i will need them . 
  you are just in the wrong parts of europe if you are even seeing ominous winter signs yet . 
  upgrade your europe, 
  came here to say that . 
   it 's a hard map to read ... what does a high abortion rate says ? 
  data is just data . 
  you do not need to make it into a headline or a narrative for it to have worth . 
  the 34 k cited in other sources could be all due to the same misinterpretation ( this very same article for example ) . 
  the pordata data should stand . 
  and imo the 34 k is just the sum ( i would bet real money it is an aggregate sum column ) of those two years , in which indeed there was a 30 % increase ( from 15 to 19 ) in one year . 
  sometimes i think journalists should have to pass a 12th grade maths exam before being allowed to use numbers in their pieces . 
  that would only make the blue color on the map even more unlikely . 
  just wrong . 
  wtf ? 
  i get the feeling somebody was not able to interpret a column which was an aggregrate sum ( 15 +19 = 34 ; 34 +19 = ok53 15 to 19 is indeed a 30 % increase , but 15 to 34 would not ever be a 30 % increase . 
  ah , bad math , it itches ), 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1mmaqv/abortion_rates_in_europe/ccauzou the map is wrong almost surely . 
  the maths just do not compute . 
  17000 abortions in 2009 , 130000 live births , no way there are 6 pregnancies for each live birth . 
  the data for portugal is seriously incorrect . 
  whoever compiled it must have been using pre-2008 ( pre legalization of abortion data ) . 
  the number of abortions in portugal , the legal ones at least http://pordata.pt/portugal/interrupcoes+voluntarias+da+gravidez+nos+hospitais+total+e+por+natureza+institucional-1511 for 2009 say it was 17932 abortions , public and private . 
  i can not find the number of pregnancies but here i can find the number of living births http://pordata.pt/portugal/nados+vivos+de+maes+residentes+em+portugal+total+e+fora+do+casamento-14 for 2009 the total would be 96.856 + 41.489 = that is 138.345 now not all pregnancies correspond to just one baby ( twins ) but i would guess a bigger issue would be misscarriages . 
  i can not find any local data ( and sort of wonder how other countries count that , a misscarriage might be hard to diagnose ) . 
  but abortion rate in portugal , assuming live births = pregnancies - 12.9 % assuming pregnancies is higher than live births correspond to 2/3 of pregnancies ( one third being of pregnancies ending in noticeable miscarriage ) would mean about 200000 pregnancies and would mean an abortion rate of 8.6 % which is still much higher than that 0-1 .9 rate . 
  in fact considering the topmost limit of that blue color code 1.9999 ( let + s call it 2 ) % and the recorded 17000 abortions , it would require 850000 pregnancies to get that ratio which seems incredibly high for the record 13000 live births . 
  tldr : data for portugal is seriously wrong . 
  portugal is likely on the 5 to 15 % categories . 
  hope they were all using protection . 
  ( seriously , this animated map really puts in perspective things which i knew of , but do not quite understand . 
  for me the normal is borders being nearly imutable , am putting that into perspective ), 
  portugal is sticky . 
  and all that promiscuity in central europe !, 
  very informative video . 
   if it was the other way around , i sure as hell would send messages of support , because by what right , law or sentence i may deny others what i have for granted ? 
  i hope for a happy , peaceful , prosperous future to all parts involved . 
  we need to ask poland of course . 
  portuguese can not extrapolare from what it is to be sandwiched between one and only one much larger neighbor and the sea ( nobody is afraid of the sea politically btw , a possibility of alliance all gone ) . 
  i am sympathetic in general , but do you realize how condescending to portugal it is to invoke it like this , like we owed you anything ? 
  ( particularly when catalans do not even seem to like any portuguese but maybe that is a recent football thing ) . 
  catalunya did not heroically sacrificed itself for portugal , on the contrary . 
  catalunya is aragon , sort of , right ? 
  apart from queen saint isabel , not sure you ever helped us with anything . 
  if portugal took advantage of a catalan rebellion surely that is normal . 
  no small country remains independent if it is not smart on political strategy . 
   `` the moment was well chosen ; philip 's troops were , at the time , fighting the thirty years ' war and also facing a revolution in catalonia which became known as the reapers ' war . '', 
  if it had not been then , it would have been later but it would have been whenever more convenient next . 
  and it was not our independence , it was a reaffirmation of it , a dynastic change over , with our colonies and historical allies . 
  and it took , what 20something years of war ? 
  plus if i understand it correctly , catalunya picked the king of france as its king in that rebellion . 
  i migth have gotten this wrong , but what the fuck did they think they were doing and how long would `` independence '' have lasted it that had worked ? 
  i have had french french bread very often . 
  i prefer portuguese bread , it \u00b4 s one of the things i miss most when away . 
  french bread is just not the same as p\u00e3o de mafra or p\u00e3o saloio or p\u00e3o alentejano or broa . 
  to each their own , no problem . 
  bacalhau is a true stereotype . 
  very true . 
  but you risk making portuguese people smirk and make quim barreiros jokes ( now , that is a moustache ) you do not realize are jokes . 
  toalhas lol that explains all the shops in valen\u00e7a and vila real de santo ant\u00f3nio . 
  true also i guess , very good quality stuff is much cheaper here . 
  we would need special restaurant type machines for proper coffee , not very handy . 
  but we can bring some ground coffee as well , it would not be the same but yeah , coffee really is different in the rest of europe ( italy excepted of course !, 
  no need to apologize but not sure i understand the joke . 
  portuguese women are supposed to have moustaches ? 
  ( lol , cos spanish are like totally different , oh yeah ) saramago seemed to be considered far more of a wise person than in portugal and spanish press be a lot more reverent towards him . 
  in portugal , much more divisive . 
   that said , what do portuguese people think of a federal iberia ? 
  i know people like saramago support this idea , and i think it would be beneficial for everyone ( with the capital in lisboa , barcelona or sevilla , we do n't want contradictory symbols :p ) . 
  fuck no , that is totally unthinkable . 
  saramago was an old communist fart who liked young spanish women and flattery . 
  past\u00e9is de nata , i guess because that will be what everybody will want . 
  and bread . 
  because foreigners can not be trusted with bread . 
  thanks !, 
  it was one of those i knew from somewhere without no idea about the source . 
  is yellow the movement \u00b4 s color ? 
  i thought yellow was supposed to be a bad luck color in spain , not sure where i got that idea from . 
  very very bad and it \u00b4 s glorious !, 
  the un is the un , meaning not local and likely they got no input from locals . 
  also it \u00b4 s not mandatory to follow their terminology for anything . 
  it stinks of some sort of agenda . 
  ireland and portugal , not western europe . 
  germany , a couple thousand kms east is western europe . 
  west , i think that word does not mean what the un thinks it means . 
  if portugal and ireland are not western europe , who the fuck is ?
