  actually we are accepting ukrainian refugees . 
  they were the nationality on the top of requested refugee status in 2014 . http://www.publico.pt/sociedade/noticia/ucranianos-foram-quem-mais-pediu-asilo-a-portugal-em-2014-1681956 and i think a lot are granted , when valid - ethnicity ( tatars , evidence of persecution , displaced , etc ), 
  ethiopia is a very large country with a very large population . 
  some people in some areas , some ethnic groups will indeed be experiencing human rights violations or just spillover from conflicts in neighbouring areas, 
  that is a perfectly reasonable argument and the true source of the problem . 
  my objection is to people trying to dehumanize asylum seekers - that is not constructive ( besides offensive and ignorant ) and will only cause divisions by trying to turn a huge problem into a purely emotional one with sharp divisions on how to approach it . 
  not a scientific study , but a recent bbc piece on it http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33268521 it might have to do with lack of id papers , working permits , and frankly just the language . 
  and you know london for the rest of the world , both london and new york , are the two super global cities . 
  paris might have a claim , a few others , but not quite on the same level . 
  a principle of civilization is that some which have more give something to the ones which have less . 
  this is the principle behind taxation , structural funds , aid , etc. 
  it \u00b4 s a kind of social pressure valve as well . 
  helping the world \u00b4 s destitute can come on several forms , without needing to imply there is no war , no , none at all going on around ethiopia , eritrea , sudan . 
  help can not be infinite , like i have posted on this very thread tragedy of the commons is a very real possibility . 
  and frankly there will be corrections , there will have to be corrections soon to what is perceived as a reasonable amount of aid , or people . 
  dear sweden you can \u00b4 t save the world by inviting them to sweden . 
  suggestions for ways to help the world \u00b4 s destitute which might be manageable : - yes , help a few . 
  but not necessarily by helping those which come knocking at your door or not those in the future , because that is rewarding those breaking the laws and procedures , because that is encouraging people to risk their lives and those of their children ( and many will die ) . 
  help a certain quota , but through the un . 
  actually make something central , expand , give it more money and power . 
  - for fucks \u00b4 s sake keep giving generously to contraception and environmental programmes in third world countries . 
  - mediate as much as possible conflicts . 
  - maybe consider not arming the third world . 
  conflict in the south sudan and juba mountains is apparently irrelevant to a discussion on refugee motivations . 
  this sub has always been peculiar . 
  it \u00b4 s at serious risk of becoming something worse . 
  yes , something is terribly wrong with the system and something must be done centrally . 
  but maligning , claiming refugees are not real refugees because they want to shop the system is non productive . 
  or worse . 
  it is human nature , that in any system set up in a certain way they will make the choice which brings better rewards for them personally . 
  the problem is if a resource is finite and many more people want to make the `` better '' choice https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons something must be done to stop making some european countries much more attractive than others . 
  but instead of calling names to refugees or mocking that a sudanese might have a claim on being a legit refugee why not discuss things like - unify family reunification laws in all countries . 
  and yes , it might mean stopping it in countries currently allowing it - set the same time for review of documents in all the eu . 
  no fast tracking in some countries and not in others . 
  central processing maybe . 
  - unify working permits laws in something everybody can agree . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_sudanese_civil_war spreading to neighbouring areas ? 
  lol . 
  no , nothing wrong with france , or imo romania . 
  my point was the redditor above dismissing people from ethiopia or eritrea or sudan ( sudan ! ), 
  has not being real refugees because they do not come from syria . 
   ethiopia , eritrea and sudan . 
  do you think that is noticeably better , or arguably any better , than syria ? 
  do you read the news ocasionally ? 
  a implying b in no way means that all b are a. i thought the article was fascinating , if you spend long enough on reddit on a few threads you find yourself arguing with some people where you do have to wonder what the fuck their motivations are . 
  choosing , at age 20 , to spend his time in his parents house , stirring shit on the internet daily through dozens of alts , yeah it \u00b4 s kind of an active choice . 
  he would have been much better off spending some time in r/fitness or r/running or r/solotravel or something and just putting down the computer and heading out . 
  i think if you are an eu citizen and you are married , your wife presumably will be entitled to live with you everywhere in the eu . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/residence/documents-formalities/non-eu-family-members-residence-card/index_en.htm from the many great places to live and visit suggested already in this thread i think probably worth looking for more carefully into vienna , lisbon ( or porto . 
  but weather ) , prague and ljubljana ( though that might be a bit small and end up boring ) . 
  i can \u00b4 t imagine copenhagen as being cheap , barcelona there will be issues using just english , and some german or swedish cities , not sure how the wave of refugees is going to affect chances of anti-semitism in the near future ( sorry , just mentioning it ) . 
  numbeo is a great site for cost of living and safety comparisons . 
  not perfect , but interesting http://www.numbeo.com/, 
  and he looked precisely like you would think an internet troll does . 
  it \u00b4 s really quite amazing whenever somebody like this is arrested , or goes to court , they always look like the losers they are . 
  which kind of makes you wonder , what came first , and if all the effort they put into trolling would not have been put to much better uses fixing their own lives . 
  on reddit , very often , maybe even more often , when discussing things with others it \u00b4 s becoming more and more frequent to encounter people which are full of shit and talking their mouths off about stuff they do not know and have not done . 
  you posted 5 months ago , about being in lisbon . 
  today you are claiming you were able to communicate in lisbon only using spanish , rather than english / r/thathappened you are full of shit about that . 
  being so , it \u00b4 s possible that a ) you were full of shit 5 months ago , and post frequently about stuff you haven \u00b4 t done , in some kind of imagined life . 
  this is particularly relevant regarding recent news about the arrest of that troll . 
  b ) maybe you were in lisbon 5 months ago . 
  and now are making up shit to `` win '' some sort of internet argument . 
  which is not even an argument . 
  more an attack , from your point of view , on the country of somebody who pointed out to you a different perspective . 
  yeah , that happened , sure . 
  lol . 
   the only language we had some success with was spanish , and even that was so-so . 
  i think we met maybe three or four people that were able to speak any english . 
  multiple people , in lisbon able and willing to speak spanish . 
  that is quite an accomplishment , it \u00b4 s awesome you should post more about it !, 
  in lisbon , of all places . 
  lisbon . 
  for some reason , i am very sure you are an internet warrior full of bullshit making up experiences . 
  you have never ever been to lisbon ( and good for us ! ) . 
  i suspect a lot else of what you write about is also made up . 
   i must say that my opinion of portugal was definitely diminished due to the lack of language skills of the locals when i was there . 
  lol , terrible lack of language skills . 
  and stick to your own country maybe , or countries where the language skills are up to your demanding standards or match your knowledge . 
   and then a fifth if i want to visit another country ? 
  you are actually not * entitled * to be able to communicate with everybody in the world . 
  you are not entitled to be able to understand or navigate a foreign country . 
  that is the definition of foreigner . 
  the same way , you are entitled to expect to not need to use other languages than german in your country and for all foreigners to make a reasonable effort at communicating with it - the longer the stay , the better the effort must be . 
  yeah , in a few other countries as well , namely portugal . 
  also , you speak very loud , you are getting into other people \u00b4 s expectations of normal interactions . 
  they might be secretly hating you for it , not because you are speaking in english , but because you are so loud . 
  you are basically building theories from things friends told you , reportedly , and without taking into account inate prejudices ? 
   other large european countries like germany and spain , seem to accept the use of english much better . 
  i assure you one thing , you will have better luck communicating in english in france than in spain . 
  if you want to go from anedoctal evidence , french people have been reliably gracious and helpful to me and people i am with , from way way back . 
  in fact from all big european cities , parisians seem to be the ones who seem to be more willing to pay some attention , to give a hand ( literally ) to clueless tourists . 
  if you are finding french people consistently annoyed at you , it might be perhaps because you are not following inate courtesy rules . 
  you or your friends might not be aware of it , but you might be . 
  i experience that a bit from the other side , with clueless tourists . 
  things like you greet somebody when entering a shop or starting an interaction ( and say goodbye , thank you ) when you leave , don \u00b4 t speak loudly , do not block the right of passage . 
  don \u00b4 t speak loudly and condescendingly in english ( or other languages ) assuming other people will not understand . 
  oh , it was extremely productive into calling attention to the fact this conference was taking place , and make it a lot harder to happen again in the future . 
  i actually thought it was clever . 
  no harm is done , lots of press , and a good discussion on what the fuck is wrong with the people organizing and attending this type of conference .
