  so not good for a posturing move . 
  makes more sense to accept this government and only make it fall after the presidentials . 
  also , the internal politics of portuguese government . 
  costa position in ps is imo , a dead man walking . 
  his internal enemies will remain silent while be his playing these bluffs but it does not mean they will allow him to do something which in their opinion will damage the party \u00b4 s chances in the next elections . 
  it \u00b4 s all basically a very complicated bluffing game . 
   that is exactly what will most tend to make people frantic to get into the eu quickly and least-willing to participate in any registration or delays along the way , because they desperately want to make it to sweden . 
  it gives human smugglers a fantastic bargaining position . 
  yes and far more willing to risk weather and sea . 
  or more desperate to attack border guards i have actually been arguing this for maybe a year . 
  this format , of rewarding those who go through all this danger by giving them asylum and right to work ( up till now ) causes that many others will then take the risks in order to try to gain the same and many others will die on the route . 
  by giving an incentive to risky behaviour you are causing risky behaviour . 
  things should have been done differently for much longer ago . 
  mare nostrum should never have been defunded ( brilliant move ) . 
  refugees should be taken directly from unhcr camps in egypt or turkey or whatever and those should have had more privileges than ones making the trek at home . 
  and even now , it \u00b4 s like they do not understand this . 
  photo from last year or is it already winter over there ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know how that works . 
  here we got autumn rains and storms ocasionally but today is like summer still . 
  nicer even !, 
  you should see what happens to tram speed when you got dozens of tourists entering a 100 year old tram car every couple of stations . 
  well , that is not my area of expertise , but it sounds like you are right , this guy apparently had 80 bags of cocaine in his stomach http://www.irishmirror.ie/news/first-picture-aer-lingus-passenger-6664839, 
  that is a very good point about immigrants . 
  never understimate the ability of russian diplomats to be drunk on the clock - russia foreign policy moves make a lot more sense if you remember that . 
  but yeah , pilots and all , come on . 
  was the plane really perilously close ? 
  article says it was a f-18 . 
  not exactly exotic or difficult to id . 
  presumably with swiss insignia . 
  how close is perilously close ? 
  sorry to hear it was annoying , just try to ignore them . 
  legal loophole . 
  and you know , i don \u00b4 t think those guys pushing drugs in baixa even speak any portuguese , they look like asians ( pakistan or bangla desh ) or maybe eastern european gypsies to me , like the kind which push roses in restaurants as well . 
  in my experience they speak very little portuguese . 
   several packages were recovered from the body of a man who died on board a dublin-bound aer lingus flight last night , it has been reported . 
   the post-mortem examination on the body of the 24-year-old brazilian man has now been completed and the packages have been sent for forensic analysis , rte news reports . 
  any bets on what was on the packages ? 
  they were going to land in geneva airport anyway . 
  closer to french airspace than geneva airport , is difficult . 
  and they got nuclear icbm weapons and all . 
  they should be able to tell from which country aircraft is . 
  i kind of wish i could see the reply the french will send them after they called the french ambassador to complain about swiss aircraft . 
   lisbon this summer and was offered drugs everywhere in a baixa as well as other places . 
  i presume you did not buy any , because buying real drugs from people offering you some in touristy places would be unlikely . 
  it \u00b4 s a scam , a legal loophole , exploiting how often ( always ) foreigners seem to have no clue about portuguese drug laws . 
  it is a legal loophole , the people selling fake drugs ( dried powdered bay leaf and bouillon cubes maybe slightly spiked ) are commiting a fraud , but buying as well as selling drugs is ilegal in portugal and if you complain to the police , you are admitting to a crime yourself , while the sellers are not actually commiting a crime by selling bay leaf . 
  and it will be your word against theirs . 
  revising the law to include fraudulent selling of drugs should be considered , though imo the big problem is them harassing people , i think the police does not really care if people wanting to buy drugs get ripped off by buying something harmful . 
  i would not want something like amsterdam to happen here anyway . 
  harassing bad . 
  ripping off people by selling fake drugs might be keeping away real drug sales - lemon market . 
  consuming drugs is depenalized . 
  people can \u00b4 t be sent to jail for consuming drugs . 
  but drug consumption or possession is not legal , it is not a right . 
  people in possession of a certain amount established in law are considered personal usage and they can only be sent to a medical committee ( or fined ) to figure out if they need medical intervention - or often the police will not bother depending on circunstances . 
  if you are admitting to selling , buying , giving , growing or are in possession of amounts higher than defined in law , it \u00b4 s a crime , get a lawyer . 
  there are no medical exceptions , no distinction between soft or hard drugs or anything of the sort . 
  there are some distinctions in law for small consumer-dealers and some stuff about disposal of needles and so on ... 
  i would not start with ireland if i wanted to infect all of europe . 
  arguably iceland or the azores would be a worse starting point , but not by much . 
  hundreds ? 
  wow , if we manage thousands that at least will bring some money into the economy . 
  if double irish arrangements are acceptable ... 
  when flying into swiss airspace . 
  turned out it was swiss . 
  in swiss airspace . 
  surely they should be able to tell ? 
   probably dual nationals . 
  sure but you can only travel with one passport , which is the one which gets mentioned , and it might have been laziness as well . 
  portuguese speakers in a flight from lisbon `` thought to be portuguese '' . 
  a lot , a lot of drug catches this year . 
  speculation with the refugee crisis in the eastern europe , a lot of drug moves tried to move to the western part of europe . 
  insane ammounts seized in portugal this year . 
  some irish , and other , media had been , for some hours , reporting the man who died as being brazillian http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/witness-recounts-death-of-man-on-board-aer-lingus-flight-1.2397464 that is a good paper , right ? 
  the woman was mentioned as `` thought to be portuguese '' but now is mentioned as being angolan http://www.cmjornal.xl.pt/cm_ao_minuto/detalhe/policia_irlandesa_retifica_que_homem_morto_no_voo_era_brasileiro_e_mulher_detida_angolana.html that is a bad bad paper , except for crime news , that they tend to get criminal stuff details just right ( even things they should not publish ) https://uk.news.yahoo.com/post-mortem-due-body-man-died-aer-lingus-063308378.html#txnb9jn the man who was bitten everybody seems to name as portuguese . 
  perhaps related , an angolan woman on this flight who was apparently travelling or who claimed to know this man was arrested carrying 1.3 kg of amphetamines in her hand luggage . 
  maybe it \u00b4 s not the zombie apocalypse just yet . 
  i am a bit wary of saying this . 
  and portuguese or spanish , maybe other southern europeans will know what i am talking about , and this does not apply to them , except we all notice this . 
  and americans or brazillians or australians lurking , god bless them , it will almost certainly not apply to them either . 
  bathe/shower more often . 
  daily at least . 
  with deodorant . 
  and water . 
  yeah , water is essential . 
  it is not my list nor is it a list of allowed nevermind disallowed names . 
  it is a list of names which have been contested and in which a decision was given . 
  it might be contested and so on . 
  but the rules as far as i remember are name must exist as a name in portuguese tradition , be clear about gender and clear to pronounce . 
  ca n't be a variation . 
  edson seem clearly a brazilian name ( ed-son anglo saxon adaptation or something . 
  vinicius latin and probably allowed under a correct spelling vinicio with an accent somewhere maybe . 
  laerte that is oedipus father ' s name ? 
  also weird also probably allowed under laertes - and if they forbade it , yeah maybe good for the kid . 
  there are some recurrent discussions - gender name zoe or them now allowing carminho and teresinha as proper names . 
  your examples meh . 
  this is all irrelevant to foreigners . 
  if one of the parents holds one foreign nationality they can call whatever . 
  though i do think that is now working as some sort of marker . 
  but then again baby names got inherently lots of class and birth year markers .
