  i sort of divide europe in two lines , one paralell and one meridian . 
  plus some cluster in the middle i mentally call central europe ( all countries without a seacoast ) . 
  all countries are two categories probably either east/west and north/south . 
  west/east - divide it the classical way , from triest up north . 
  west : ireland , iceland , uk , portugal , spain , france , italy , switzerland , belgium , netherlands , luxembourg , danmark , norway . 
  probably austria and sweden as well . 
  east - all the rest . 
  north/south - a paralell passing through mont blanc i guess . 
  i hate that classification . 
  for me portugal spain , ireland and the united kingdom are western europe - if they are not western europe , why the fuck france to the east should be ? 
  germany western europe ? 
  wtf is that definition of west ? 
  about portugal it \u00b4 s not like people seem to hink . 
  i think whenever i hear somebody on the internet speak of portugal \u00b4 s drug laws they seem to have no fucking clue and think drugs are legal , or even particularly welcome . 
  all traffic is ilegal , growing drugs is ilegal , making them is ilegal just the same . 
  no medical exceptions . 
  it is just that drug consumption is not a crime - but neither it is a right . 
  police are just not going to bother with public consumption , as long as it isn \u00b4 t too douche-baggery . 
  that being said , i think you can enter a lot of clubs and buy drugs , but i also think you can probably do that in most western countries about the same . 
  drugs do not seem to me more easily acessible than in other european countries , say the uk or belgium . 
  if you go by real data , drug use is probably lower in portugal than average http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/countries/prevalence-maps http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/publications/country-overviews/pt/data-sheet and the other big internet and media misunderstanding is that the only thing portugal did was change its drug laws - nobody seems to realize how many places were literally destroyed with bulldozers and a lot of social work and so on . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i am going to argue some more `` if they were still fishing , they had to get fish from there . '', 
  i truly sort of start to see the point of the cement blocks . 
  it \u00b4 s a tiny bit of sea , and dirty waters besides the sewage , the harbors and all , i don \u00b4 t get how they could get a lot of fish ( or expensive fish ) from there . 
  russia is drunk while diplomacy-ing . 
  again . 
   i do know that many fishermen had to stop working because of the bricks the gibraltar goverment ordered to be thrown into the bay , because it would break their nets very expensive material . 
  and this is not acceptable in the dire economic situation we are living . 
  i really do not understand and nobody gives any blessed numbers but gibraltar sea coast is like 2 km ? 
  their territorial waters being what a km deep in the bay side ? 
  cement blocks supposedly what a couple hundred meters from the coast ? 
  how much fish were `` many '' fishermen able to get from those waters daily ? 
  because is is sounding like the sea of galilee with jesus around that little bit of water being responsible for such huge amounts of fishing it is putting so many people out if work !, 
  plus is n't it a bit polluted that close to land ? 
  and no high sea species there surely . 
  what species do they get there anyway ? 
  this fisherman issue seems like such bullshit to me ( and yes , i have been there in person which is why it seems like bullshit to me ) edit google says about 5 or 6 km of coastline half bay side half med side . 
  question remains his much fish can it be taken from those shallow waters daily that so many fishermen are not working because of it ? 
   `` our television does not fit inside . '', 
  not sure what i think of the idea , but that quote oh wow . 
  it is a good question . 
  never thought much if it , just took it all as normal . 
  i think good , sort of . 
  it is just 7 former colonies , one very large who split long ago and nobody else speaks our language so sort of like a slightly dysfunctional family with some issues . 
  in portuguese we can criticize each other but the more official it gets , the more it has to do with foreigner relations ( foreign foreigner , real foreigners ) everybody shut up and be supportive to everybody else . 
  sort of . 
  some issues all round - economical crisis , coups and states being overrun by drug trafficking , some issues with due democratic process , etc. 
  and plenty of things going all directions . 
  biggest example i can think probably music in all directions throughout centuries . 
   did spain try to move the boat back to portuguese waters ? 
  all i know is that the marx brothers could 've solved the problem much better than the spanish administrations , and that it resulted in a complete disaster for the galician natural environment . 
  they tried to move it to portuguese waters . 
  not `` back '' since it was coming from northern europe and started to break apart in the bay of biscay close to la coru\u00f1a so 3 days of a ship breaking apart to take it farther south into portuguese waters and portugal saying all the time `` it can \u00b4 t enter and it \u00b4 s going to break apart very soon '' , yeah , makes an impression . 
  if it had been taken at once to nearest port , if only . 
  and that is another reason why i think the selvagens and its waters are safer with portugal anyway . 
  it \u00b4 s not about the spanish people . 
  no problems particularly though * trying * to understand or even speak portuguese would be nice . 
  but a state is not its people . 
  and spain , from a portuguese point of view is the scumbag steve of neighbours . 
  the whole recent olivenza/gibraltar hypocrisy , perejil/selvagens whatever and older stuff . 
  only 10 years ago we had the prestige thing , portugal had to send a fucking warship for that . 
  andorra still loves you , i am sure  ( did not downvote , don \u00b4 t get the whys , just a hug , ok ), 
  yep , we do . 
   but in this case , is n't it the portuguese government who have unilaterally started its eez modification knowing it would cause a replica ? 
  everybody is extending their eez according to continental plateau - depending on geological surveys to do it , which takes some time . 
  google eez extension - india , tanzania , cuba , etc. . . it \u00b4 s going to get interesting between china and japan - and about the eez for selvagens being recognized http://www.seaaroundus.org/eez/621.aspx and there are a few more databases . 
  portugal is trying to extend its eez to zones which have nothing do with spain , mostly around the azores and between the azores and madeira . 
  and it \u00b4 s been a process ongoing for many years including oceonalogical survey and robots and whatsuch . 
  it \u00b4 s not like decided last month . 
  edit to add a link explaining the timeline and process http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/europe/pt-eez.htm and another showing how countries are proposing to extend their eez http://www.newsecuritybeat.org/2010/06/natural-resource-frontiers-at-sea/ about it being a distraction , i was not the one saying so , though do not disagree . 
  the first link noooo . 
  it is imo a moroccan rock , though the spanish think it is a spanish rock ( their problem . 
  morocco is loling at this though ) . 
  this is a rock http://www.panoramio.com/photo/37647287 imo  this is an island http://www.panoramio.com/photo/7189113?tag=ilhas%20selvagens ( though admittedly the rest of the archipelago is probably called rocks ), 
  no neighbouring country to spain or castille is ever its ally for long . 
  ( wait , maybe andorra ? ) . 
  wonder why ... 
   so now not starting a war over the detention of some fishermen means our government accepts it ? 
  for spain , it is !, 
  cases in point : perejil , gibraltar . 
   and also , it could also be said that that it 's amazing timing that portugal wants to expand its islands eezs just after the spanish and moroccans discover oil near the canary islands . 
  the eez to the selvagens has been in place for decades at least . 
  for example from the link above i gave you , it has been enforced for ages . 
  i learnt about the selvagens in primary school !, 
  now you can apply the same logic on the other direction . 
  maybe because oil was discovered near the canary islands , spain decides to go after the portuguese eez for the selvagens after implicitly accepting it all this time . 
   maybe the author is wrong , but that 's what it says , and it does n't state the savage islands eez as a fact , and neither does spain . 
  i am not sure i understand your point `` neither does spain . '', 
  they sort of accept it ( for example when fishermen in those areas get arrested ) , they just want to change it . 
  and it \u00b4 s amazing timing , right when a portuguese person is going to arbitrate on gibraltar , isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  lol . 
   so you think explaining the spanish position does n't contribute to the conversation ? 
  you were not explaining the spanish position on your first post . 
  you were not even aware of what the problem is . 
  you were stating as fact * '' neither country does currently have an eez in that area , then why did you editorialize the title by claiming spain is undermining such yet not existent eez '' * . 
  a total misunderstanding of what an issue is are not really contributing to the conversation imo . 
  downvote because your question is stating as fact something which is wrong and is not on the article - `` neither country does currently have an eez in that area '' . 
  not true . 
  in international law spain has recognized many times portuguese sovereignity over the selvagens , latest of all for sure when it joined nato ( portugal is a founding member and i think did not have to recognize existing spanish territory ) http://www.publico.pt/portugal/noticia/selvagens-cronologia-de-um-conflito-1604695 this is not about changes or defining the eez for the selvagens , get it ?
