  questioning is far more democratic than blindly following . 
  btw i found your username extremely ironical , because supposedly you call yourself extremely cynical and it does not sound like you are cynical , but rather extremely idealistic about all this . 
  the math is correct . 
  it \u00b4 s been british way longer than it \u00b4 s been castillian/spanish . 
  it * feels * british a lot more . 
  actually , their national team plays in the algarve . 
  and there is precedent kind of , gibraltar civilians were evacuated to madeira during world war 2 . 
  could work . 
  faro-gibraltar flights , portim\u00e3o-gibraltar ferries . 
   their first lady always tries to look too perfect . 
  uh , not really ? 
  random middle aged east asian lady . 
  they tend to be very `` done '' anyway , and yeah , they old tend to dress like 1960s american matrons . 
  i remember some in lisbon actually for the final of the cl a couple years ago . 
  which was unexpected , spanish neonazis . 
  wouldn \u00b4 t be surprised if it were the same people . 
  there is this weird internet ( or outside the internet ) view about drug policy in portugal . 
  if i had an euro for each foreigner who goes on / r/lisboa asking how to buy drugs - it \u00b4 s because of fuckers like that the `` drug sellers '' in baixa stay around decriminalization was just one of the tools used to attack drug addiction . 
  people were and are sent to get medical help ( equipas de rua still around , can be a condition to receive certain social benefits like the `` social reinsertion '' ) and literally neighourhoods were bulldozed down , people moved ( with some social engineering ) to new blocks - casal ventoso , pedreira dos h\u00fangaros all were tore down very early 2000s and they were quite unbelievable places , not sure portuguese people who are too young to remember it really got an idea what that was . 
   there will be a heavy police presence and things will likely go smoothly . 
  hopefully . 
  if they are smart and can control all that violence , and imo they are neither smart not is easy to controlo jingoistic brainless thugs . 
  i think this type of violence , all the different factions of ultras , the fact they need to have one discourse for the west and another for internal consumption , all that violence-is-a-sign of virility or superiority or something there is a good chance messages are conflicted , that the mindless hooligans won \u00b4 t be so easy to control . 
  even if they put extra strict stuff , i would never bet against not being racist abuse during the confederation \u00b4 s cup . 
  they can \u00b4 t control all the shit they are stirring that effectively . 
   that much of the government is still sort of controlled by people ( and descendants of ) who were part of portugal 's dictatorship . 
  what ? 
   they 're well-educated , corrupt , and affluent . 
  when you combine that with an uneducated set of voters things start to get really bad . 
  is this about the masons ? 
  there is this weird russian mindset ( not sure if you are actually from devon or not , if you are truly british , your faith in `` propaganda '' is peculiar for somebody who grew up with the british media ) where everything in the media is propaganda in some kind of war . 
  makes sense for eastern europeans who grew up with yeah that , but for western people , media wants to outscoop each other , they are in competition not to please secret powers that be , but they are in competition to get better front pages than the other paper or tv station . 
  these reports are hardly propaganda - things like flare in the stadiums were seen live ( or do you want to blame it on anybody but russians ? ) . 
  about the confederation \u00b4 s cup it \u00b4 s supposed to be a dress rehearsal . 
  if anybody is killed , if there is any real trouble in the stadiums fifa might just move it . 
  there is precedent , 1970 namely , also keep in mind it would be a move popular with a lot of their sponsors , a lot of the bigger media markets and a way for them to cut associations with previous ( under investigation ) administrations . 
  russia better not be stupid . 
  they will host the confederation \u00b4 s cup next year . 
  if there is real trouble there , they might just lose the world cup . 
  yep . 
  which is kind of fair , because otherwise i can just imagine it would be just begging for false flag attacks from fans from other nations which would profit from russia getting disqualified . 
  but behaviour of fans inside the stadium , particularly when there are precedents is something the federation should be able to do something about , when they assign tickets . 
  yeah , britain obviously already the rule of shakira law , that is why . 
   i ca n't find any mention of russian fans being thrown out two different things . 
  one thing is uefa banning russian national team , disqualifying it , imposing fines on the russian federation , which is an internal sports matter . 
  the suspended disqualification btw is only about trouble inside the stadium , something about which the russian football federation should have control , if only about vetoing who has acess to tickets and informing local authorities of who should be banned . 
  another is a russian , or any other foreign citizen , breaking laws in france , in the streets or stadium and about that france can deport whoever they want at any given time particularly if they required a visa to get into france . 
  separate things , separate issues . 
  wow . 
   the identities of 29 russian fans were being checked at a hotel near the southern french port city , but authorities told afp a decision had already been taken to move some of them to a holding centre at the border . 
  now they are talking . 
   the kremlin has urged russian fans in france not to react to `` provocations '', 
   look 50 people dead in orlando . 
  go rub one off thinking about that . 
  i am not american.i got no reason to care more about the usa than i do about france , and i care pretty much about innocent people in either ( or anywhere ) killed . 
  but if you bring on the argument that you can \u00b4 t handle safety inside a stadium because you are too busy preventing terrorism , the inevitable argument it \u00b4 s that not mutually exclusive but instead are correlated and not being able to prevent fucking flares inside the stadium in an euro match is not a good sign about being able to prevent terrorism . 
  which i hope never happens , anywhere , but for fucks sake sharpen up , these are warnings , these are things which need to be corrected and improved upon . 
  not something to be happy about . 
  my sympathies . 
   breaking 5 store windows and burning a bar ? 
  why not ? 
  arrest them for throwing a bottle . 
  iirc in euro 2004 you had shifts of emergency judges and public ministry for fast trials . 
  arrest them till the end of the euro , or offer them amnesty if they will leave your country . 
   a brawl is inconvenient . 
  a terrorist attack is a massive disaster . 
  if you can \u00b4 t prevent brawls inside stadiums , there is no guarantee you can prevent terrorist attacks . 
  a lot of the preventive measures will be the same anyway . 
  1938 was experience in hosting ? 
  wow . 
  i am not sure what your experience actually is with going to living in places with big football matches ( euros , cl , derbies ) . 
  i got some and the french organization is looking below par . 
  oh cut the bullshit you big football and security expert who can claim to remember 1938 ( surely that means you remember all sorts of more important things than football . ), 
  you did not even win 1938 and if you wan na okay won stuff card as any sort of superiority thing ( in regards to criticism of internal security thing ? 
  wow that is tribalism indeed ) be carefull cause you are very clearly not even the third best european national team . 
  and uefa coefficients ? 
  still 6th . 
   `` corrective measures '' to strengthen the deployment of security personnel would be implemented , it added mind you , flares inside the stadium are not necessarily exclusively or even mainly the fault of russian authorities themselves . 
  and that has got to be fixed , if flares are coming in its scary to think what else could be brought . 
   the guy was trying to pretend poland went without a problem a i was the one posting the news you quoted back at me and last night . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nn8q6/england_11_russia_euro_2016/d45dxqu?context=3 about france should go and arrest people breaking the law . 
  and yes poland went out without problems in the stadiums ( flares inside a stadium ? ), 
  or much violence on the streets apart from this incident , which they seemed to have taken seriously enough to arrest people . 
  i am not following french news , of the 20 or so ( according to you ) locals which attacked the irish and polish , how many were arrested ? 
  and would you not think arresting them a good idea ? 
   but anyway do not you see the difference ? 
  i was the op this guy was replying to and it was ironical because i was the one who yesterday posted this to him ( or her ) about poland actually doing something to prevent further hooliganism . 
   anyway , euro 2012 was really peacefull and well managed , it was . 
  but for this guy apparently arresting hooligans is sign of a big big problem , but if foreign fans are attacked in the streets by locals , you can \u00b4 t `` micromanage '' . 
  not sure how many of the 20 locals were arrested anyway . 
  from your attitude and arguments i am indeed understanding more about the root causes of france \u00b4 s problems with managing security and crowds . 
  it \u00b4 s difficult to hear about it . 
  i was reading a little bit about it and had to google stuff , and even so it \u00b4 s totally wtf , ilegal nightime demolitions , it \u00b4 s insane . 
   the centrepiece of the project is a 200-metre tall dubai-style tower . 
  good grief . 
   it 's 20 locals . 
  how the hell do you put an undercover cop under 20 locals that know the area to perfection ? 
  you put an undercover cop , preferrably one which is local , or maybe two with the foreign fans . 
  you got files on locals likely to cause trouble and the undercover people know those files . 
  the problem is not the 20 french themselves , the problem is them trying to interact , maybe cause problems between the polish and irish , so having cops there would catch it .
