  `` it will be nice , or it will be very nice , or it will be awful . 
  one of those '' some periods are rainy , some are dry , it changes a lot . 
  not sure if this just a tourist thing , or other places really are so much more predictable . 
  winters can be rainy , or can be drier , depending on global weather patterns . 
  25 degrees in march is hardly very rare . 
  i would not call it winter either , trees started blooming last month , lots of flowers are out , and everything is green and nice . 
  that snow looks so cute but defenseless ... 
  yeah we had 25 a few weeks ago , then temperatures as low as 11-12 and now is gettting warm again . 
  still some cold to come and probably a lot of rain . 
  we got a saying about unstable march and rainy april . 
  lisbon is by the river , not the sea , but ok , close enough , it \u00b4 s around 15 degrees right now . 
  it \u00b4 s the north atlantic out there and it \u00b4 s really deep very close to land , the temperature does not change much year around , say from as low as 13/14 in winter to 18/19 in summer . 
  shallow water bodies are much colder in winter and warmer in summer . 
  this obviously affects weather as well . 
  it \u00b4 s not actually lisbon to be fair . 
  carcavelos ? 
  just saying so because foreigners seem to think lisbon is by the sea so they want a hotel or villa by the sea with easy acess to downtown lisbon . 
  they get residency . 
  and after 10 years of residency they can apply for citizenship , , but the conditions for citizenship are the same as before , which is knowledge of portuguese language and `` ties '' to the portuguese community . 
  those who came to portugal as children will manage it easily , adults will have to put a lot of effort to achieve it . 
  there were thousands of genocides throughout history . 
  if parliaments \u00b4 s business was honest looks into history , they would do nothing related to the present . 
  acknowledging one particular genocide is of relevance mostly to the survivors , those most affected by it . 
  in portugal \u00b4 s case this was the cause of the last ( ? ), 
  terrorist attack in portugal which killed innocents , including a portuguese policeman . 
  why should portugal mark specifically that one ? 
  there was that attack by armenian terrorists to the turkish embassy in lisbon , some 30 years ago , where people were killed including a portuguese policeman . 
  it might be a mix of two factors - one , portuguese are pessimistic by nature , or at least the polite thing to do is being self-deprecating , otherwise it \u00b4 s being boastful , vain . 
  the other factor is people from village or towns are a bit scared of the big bad cities , particularly because there are not a lot of news , so some crimes get a lot of attention . 
  but i have encountered the phenomen a lot with emigrants who rank the safety of their new country of residence above portugal and usually in ways that are not true particularly considering history ( an example , sorry belgium but it was somebody in belgium before these recent attacks with no idea of how complicated police cooperation in belgium used to be in the past decades ), 
  yep , true about the hahaha, 
  if you mean people people using kkk for a lol sound , no it \u00b4 s not done . 
  we use lol or lol mostly . 
  you can hardly see lisbon itself from the vasco da gama bridge . 
  you see expo , and the coast of the river , up to santa apolonia , maybe with luck the dome of santa engr\u00e1cia , but that is it , the rest is blocked . 
  but crossing the old bridge , south to north ( though i would not like to be doing it at morning rush times ) , you got the whole city , from s.vicente to as necessidades down there , a great great view . 
  or in the other side , you can see down to bel\u00e9m and the towers and the sea . 
  the vasco da gama is nice , but it can \u00b4 t beat that . 
  it \u00b4 s not a big circle , it \u00b4 s a just a slight curve after the pillars , uou can check it on googkle maps . 
  https://www.google.pt/maps/@38.7805491,-9.0469547,12z your photo is really misleading , i think due to perspective . 
  i think it was a mix of where to place the pillars , the navigational channels and then to spare the wetlands on the south side ( no kidding about the flamingos , it \u00b4 s a natural reserve and it \u00b4 s incredibly rich in bird species ), 
  if he hates this bridge , he should count himself lucky he did not drove in the other one - because traffic , because it has been converted from 4 lanes to 6 and it \u00b4 s cramped and much much higher , and because the pavement is mostly metallic grating and it slips , so it can be unnerving driving there . 
  and you can really feel the wind and the bridge moving with it . 
  this bridge i love driving in , it \u00b4 s long enough you have time to listen to a whole song , but it \u00b4 s wide , much emptier , stable . 
  and pavement not made of metallic grating . 
  and flocks of ( white ) flamingos occasionally . 
  but the view from the other bridge is incomparable , so it might be a bitch but i do love it . 
   what conjugation tense is used in portugal not used in brazil ? 
  not just a tense , but the whole second person singular `` you '' . 
  they learn it in school ( as everybody does second person plural you , though that is hardly used even in portugal anymore ) , but then they never use it and can \u00b4 t conjugate the verbs on the tu form . 
  `` tu vai '' instead of `` tu vais '' . 
  it can get very messy because even when using the third person more formal address they confuse it with second pronouns , or use the imperative ( only verbal tense they can consistently conjugate on the tu form ) in the tu form which can be very rude . 
  they often do not distinguish in pronounciation between the present and `` perfect past '' ( tomamos vs tom\u00e1mos ) . 
  they use the gerund in very strange ways . 
  and then they are the personal pronouns , which they have `` simplified '' . 
  in portugal we say `` eu vi-a '' ( i saw her ) , in brazil they say `` eu vi ela '' ( `` i saw she '' ) and much more examples like that . 
  their ritual seems to be throwing plastic crap at the sea , so good the sea got angered . 
  there are tons of `` witchcraft '' rituals these people do , which leave all sort of garbage around . 
  it \u00b4 s a chronical problem in sintra \u00b4 s lagoa azul https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xngivpumimq http://www.dn.pt/portugal/centro/interior/bruxarias-com-galinhas-e-whisky-nos-cemiterios-1585277.html in this case , it was probably this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yemoja#brazil  every february 2 , thousands of people line up at dawn to leave their offerings at her shrine in rio vermelho . 
  gifts for iemanj\u00e1 usually include flowers and objects of female vanity ( perfume , jewelry , combs , lipsticks , mirrors ) . 
  it \u00b4 s littering plain and simple . 
  this time they got fucked by winter . 
  a brazillian witchcraft thing , let \u00b4 s call it darwin award prize . 
  yesterday was apparently the day of a brazillian cambondl\u00e9 sea divinity , also a day where there was a red weather alert for all northwest sea coast , plenty of warnings for people to not go near the sea . 
  4 were dragged out by a wave , 3 rescued , one missing ( if the body shows up it will probably do so in the bay of biscay , which is the typical thing for winter ) . 
  `` if you owe the bank 100 dollars and won \u00b4 t pay , you have a problem . 
  if you owe 100 million and won \u00b4 t pay , the bank has a problem '' . 
  kind of . 
  paraphrasing , because somewhat relevant . 
  apple won \u00b4 t have 13 billion in cash or assets in ireland anyway , not now . 
   you can not seriously be concerned about interfering optically independent lasers . 
  no , but ultrasounds can interfere , and lasers can be reflected ( are ) in impredictable ways . 
  how can a self driving car distinguish its laser from the laser of another car of the same model ? 
  ( doppler shift possibility ) but still it can get geometrically interesting . 
   learly that is a bad sign for autonomous cars ... it \u00b4 s a sign to take company hype with a grain of salt . 
   humans are not capable of emitting lasers out of our eyes , nor do we have radar , or ultrasound . 
  google car has all of this and much more . 
  the ai will still have to make decisions . 
  by the way emiting lasers , and all cars emiting ultrasounds , would be on itself an interesting problem because self driving cars would have the potential to interfere with other selfdriving cars . 
   so you turn traction control off because fuck it !, 
  a computer does n't know how to drive better than you do . 
  there are more important decisions other than turn off or on traction control ( not even sure what the argument is , except self driving cars are awesome and have no problems )  do you work in such a field to be able to claim this ? 
  i read the news . 
  and the analysis of that guy killed in a crash with a trailer . 
  or the news about smaller acidents where the ai had trouble interpreting what it saw ( the human eye and brain is a wondrous instrument which we take for granted and is far far better at handling different levels of light , at 3-d perception , than any instrument ever built ) dude , google ( and not only them ) is full of hype about their own projects . 
  the world is still waiting for google glass . 
  or amazon drone deliveries to be widespread and common and free . 
  self driving cars have a lot more realistic potential imo than either of those projects , but technically there are areas which are more difficult . 
  like in every tech , there are always potential problems - the devil is always in the details . 
  not sure how well ai would handle driving in non ideal conditions - handling wipers working , bad lighting and difficult to interpret conditions , black ice , aquaplaning . 
  the other day rain was so bad on a highway that all trucks moved into the middle lane and were proceding cautiously - which was a very good idea , because of the slope of the highway and intensity of the rain the right lane had standing water on its edges , everybody was much safer avoiding it . 
  ai would have a really difficult time trying to reach that decision . 
   i 'm glad i live here in the netherlands where this is not common practice . 
  have you taken a look at the edges of your own 2 euro coins ? 
  if you want to compare , on practical terms , how much it really costs to drink coffee in a city , the starbucks index is a really bad way to do it , since in many european cities there will be very few starbucks and they will be very off the average ( or median ) price . 
  was shocked at the price of coffee particularly in italy , and then read the small print . 
  starbucks latte . 
  for fuck \u00b4 s sake . 
  this is europe !, 
  there is much better and cheaper coffee around in most places .
