  if you mean turismo de portugal , that is something else . 
   so someone who works , makes a salary , and thus pays taxes , is not beneficial for lisbon ? 
  a lot of people doing remote work are not tax registered in portugal . 
  they are not paying irs or social security contributions . 
  the property will pay tax indeed , and that is the stuff which goes to the city budget but will pay the same tax , be evaluated at the same rate , no matter who occupies it . 
  also rich people want houses in nice central neighborhoods , which btw are also the houses where offices and institutions are . 
  housing is finite there , the portuguese people can \u00b4 t compete financially with them and so need to move to the next `` ring '' so to speak , and so on and so on and then comute to work or university . 
  but lisbon geography is particularly assimetric , the old v of the subway because it is limited by the river on one side and can a lot be difficult to cross from say fogueteiro to expo without going through the center . 
  it congests traffic . 
  it totally changes the feel of neighbourhoods as well . 
  university students are quite fucked and this is a big problem , because lisbon universities are some of the best in portugal and , as a society , we should profit from making students be able to afford to go to the best university they can get into . 
  but if a rooms costs the same as minimum wage , a lot of students will go to worse universities or not at all and there will be a filter of only the wealthy ones can afford to live in lisbon . 
   the minist\u00e9rio has been funding several restructure and remodeling projects in the greater lisbon area to promote i am not sure which minist\u00e9rio you are talking about , and yeah obviously all municipalities will want a share of tourism . 
  i think stuff like montes da lua was incredibly sucessful and they are taking more and more things under their umbrella in other locations . 
  but it \u00b4 s a different legal entity and they do not get much state funding . 
   what i meant by `` deemed too unattractive '' was not at all a portugal & spain-only effect . 
  in any city there are hotels that are deemed too unattractive , even if those cities are severely on demand . 
  a good example of this is a hotel near my house that is pretty huge , but also very empty most of the time because it genuinely is n't that great . 
  the 90 % occupancy rates sustained through some months seem like tourists find on average the available offer attractive enough . 
  and for peak events , it will likely have full occupancy whether they are attractive or not . 
  who went to kiev , went to kiev whether they liked their hotel or not . 
   as for the retiree tax exempts , if you take into consideration how extremely low a lot of portuguese citizens ' current retirement funds are , you 'd see that there is a need for it . 
  i think we are talking at cross purposes . 
  the retiree tax exempts are not for portuguese retirees with low pensions !, 
  the resident n\u00e3o habitual scheme is for foreigners with high pensions , which are exempt from taxation though dual-taxation treaties on some conditions if they reside in portugal a certain amount of the year . 
  this is more pressure on the real estate , because it is bringing way more money into the current market . 
   and as for remote work , as long as it is legal then it actually is beneficial for portugal as it generates production and revenue taxes . 
  it might not be beneficial for lisbon , which is a different thing . 
  also not necessarily create production or irs income in portugal - but it can \u00b4 t be stopped obviously , since it will be a right of any eu citizen to live where they want to . 
   so you are saying that there are preventable capacity problems then . 
  capacity problems will exist for any limited capacity . 
  and web summit sold more tickets than seats at the meo arena , which is not really a problem of any portuguese authority . 
  and there are capacity limits , for safety , as already mentioned from say nos alive being sold out months before it takes place . 
   then why not read up on the minist\u00e9rio do turismo 's decisions to halt these developments and promote lisbon 's growth as assuredly price-wise as well as society-wise as possible ? 
  i have been reading up a lot in lisbon urbanism efforts and real estate happenings and internal politics ( in portuguese even ) , and have been doing so for years . 
  i am not sure what your argument is or what exactly i was supposed to know that according to you i don \u00b4 t. 
   also , i never said that the hotels were less attractive in the least ( no idea where you got that from ) from here https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6cmsr8/portugal_exits_excessive_deficit_procedure_6/dhx3uuv/  ** a lot of hotels in lisbon can even be deemed too unattractive ** or too ill-advertised or even too disconnected transport-wise for a lot of tourists . 
   portugal and spain tend to be smaller in terms of their own management of rooming than their continental counterparts . 
  this does not change at all the quality of a hotel ... 
  i agree on that , interpreted your previous comment as meaning otherwise `` deemed too unattractive '' . 
   lisbon 's problems are only just beginning . 
  i fear that , and it \u00b4 s not just tourism , it \u00b4 s gold visas , and retirees wanting the exemption scheme and people doing remote work , looking for a place which is nice and feels safe . 
   i found many sources that actually indicate that the web summit attendance was lower than eurovision . 
  one of the big complaints was that all those woul wanted to attend the final session could not fit into the meo arena , and that will obviously be a limiting factor already for eurovision . 
  plus all those other attendants who did not bother with the closing session , but were just networking . 
   airbnb and hostels are effectively wrecking bits of amsterdam , do you want that for lisbon too ? 
  lol , me want ? 
  i don \u00b4 t even want the hotels , it \u00b4 s a huge concern , it \u00b4 s wrecking very much whole neighbbourhoods . 
  my argument is that you are being very pessimistic ( maybe even a bit condescending . 
  our hotels not being attractive enough ? 
  seriously ? 
  because germany or sweden is not necessarily better at making attractive hotels ! ), 
  about lisbon being able to fit tourists and i was point out that was unlikely - personally i wish we half the hotels and none of the airbnb , but it exists and i am taking it into consideration . 
   take also into consideration that lisbon , in the grand european scheme of things , is quite a small city , yeah , but like baku , or croatia or even helsinki , it \u00b4 s not that small or boring . 
   if there are new hotels just for eurovision , what happens afterwards ? 
  will we see the same as athens did after the olympics ? 
  of course nobody will build new hotels over eurovision , particularly since no time . 
  my point is the hotel business is ( unfortunately ) mushrooming , even the 14 thousand licensed rooms will be already some more by next year - new hotels being open or in construction . 
   lisbon is still quite small , and yet it is also very touristic , therefore all events are to be planned carefully . 
  that is the problem and it \u00b4 s far bigger than eurovision , which is really just a tiny little thing in the bigger problem . 
   so 14 000 licensed hotel rooms ? 
  yet eurovision 2016 had 16 000 attendees ... that even if they agree to share a room with another person makes it 8 000 rooms occupied , leaving only 6 000 left to accommodate any other tourists ( and as you can guess , this will be a grave problem of demand/supply ) . 
  as is for the web summit , or as is for some holidays like easter or the 15th of august , where peak capacity is reached . 
  peak capacity is always reached at some points in the year , or the market is in trouble and there is overcapacity !, 
  and eurovision will likely have some local attendees also , and some will prefer airbnb or even hostels . 
   that is something that is unaccounted for , a lot of hotels in lisbon can even be deemed too unattractive or too ill-advertised or even too disconnected transport-wise for a lot of tourists . 
  i don \u00b4 t know how long it has been since you have been in lisbon , but that is a scenario i don \u00b4 t recognize at all . 
  maybe hotel size , but being unattractive or disconnected no - same for restaurants . 
  our current problem , in this city is not lack of tourism infrastructure and know-how ( in good taste ) . 
  it \u00b4 s the effect of these hotels and tourism in the rest of the city . 
  you misunderstood by an algarism . 
  lisbon itself had 14000 licensed hotel rooms and occupancy rate will never be close to 90 % for the whole month because weekdays and so on . 
  there are new hotels . 
  eurovision visitors will need to book early , but then again in any city , big peak attendance events will use available infrastructure . 
  a new reply , because i decided to google some numbers . 
  last year not counting stuff noticeably open since then ( cristiano ronaldo \u00b4 s hotel and so on ) lisbon city , just the city limits , had 14 thousand licensed hotel rooms . 
  this is not countings hostels or airbnbs , it \u00b4 s just hotels . 
  eurovision asks for 2000 hotel rooms available . 
  occupancy rates go close to 90 % in august-october and were kind of 90 % also in may ( nicest month maybe ), 
  maybe i am really not getting it , but since expo was open almost 20 years ago , in lisbon we have had the expo , we had euro 2004 , big political summits like nato summit and the lisbon treaty signing , champions league and uefa cup finals , 3 massive cruise ships docking at the same time , web summit , lots of rock in rio and nos alive festivals . 
  i get this is special and specific and not quite like any of the others and plans must be adapted , but i think lisbon can hold comfortably all those tourists and so on . 
  you have no idea what lisbon is now like in august ...  as well as ensure that portugal 's portfolio is basically expanded when it comes to free advertising since you can imagine just how many tourists will want to talk about how they also visited great sights outside of lisbon . 
  sure and we must divert them wisely , some of sintra \u00b4 s attractions are becoming very complicated to use due to limited capacity ( obviously ) . 
  maybe time slot bookings or something , try to send them to tomar ( train from oriente station ) or ( specially ) cascais . 
  there are no airports in setubal . 
  portela is indeed a problem and the biggest infrastructure need for lisbon right now - they also need urgently more border police officials , long waits for people travelling from outside schengen particularly if they do not have an electronic passport . 
  there is talk of a military airbase being adapted , but won \u00b4 t be cheap , and i am not a fan of the concept , it will be significantly expensive still and not a long term solution because it interferes with approaches to portela ( o barato sai caro ) . 
  it can \u00b4 t be done in one year anyway and if the guy above was complaining of 50 million for eurovision , well a new aiport , even if reconverted would be a lot more . 
  transport from porto airport to expo is extremely simple and straighforward . 
  metro , up stairs to train platform , get out a couple hours later at oriente station , you are there . 
   there can be infrastructural shortages , generating a too high demand for some services with a too little supply . 
  maybe . 
  it is possibly certainly , but i am thinking of a lot more extreme examples , like the champions league final between real madrid and atl\u00e9tico madrid ( madrid being some hours down the highway ) , and that it involved 55 thousand people . 
  there were shortages there , of hotel rooms ( though they were less ) but there are more hotels now and it will be hardly less extreme . 
  and stuff like crowded vip parking at private airports because of noise curfew . 
  but the transport system , the restaurants and caf\u00e9s , the policing managed . 
  also websummit , might have similar numbers to eurovision , and it was hardly noticeable in the city at wide . 
  are you talking about impact in the economy ? 
  they can compare similar weekends of a different year . 
  for nos alive , considering tickets sell out , i think it likely people attending need to plan far ahead and are travelling on purpose for the festival .
