  google for example photos of the refugees in kos - lots of women and children and elderly there . 
  not coincidentally it is one of the parts of the eu closest to , if not a war torn country itself , one of the countries where they gather , turkey . 
  you get a referendum , and you get a referendum , and you get a referendum , everybody gets a referendum . 
  democracy . 
  and of course there are legal schedules . 
  hold on greece , we will get back to you on early setember ... early-ish ... 
   several posters already jumped on that bandwagon in this thread . 
  and that is because , just like heads of state , business analysts , betting house people , and even journalists , redditors each have their own minds and canl infer what they want from data available to them . 
  some will reach one conclusion , others another . 
  you can defend tsipras is a poor victim being consciously labelled ( by me ?!? ), 
  as a fascist ( wot ? ) . 
  others got as much right ( or more ) than you to say hey maybe the baltic states are not going to like that . 
  there are two different things - getting out of the ez , which i think they will have no alternative very very soon ( how much cash to keep feeding the atm ? ), 
  and they might be thrown a debt pardon if they get out of the ez on their own without making much of a fuss . 
  expelled from the eu , is another matter . 
  and they are members of nato as well . 
  and about trading with russia , sure it would solve their access to fuels problem , typical russian politicking through fuels - we know how that turned out in a couple examples , and more seriously does gazprom really want to bear the cost of it ? 
  because even putin , he has to remember his friends want to make real money . 
  not sure who you are replying to . 
  i most certainly never meant to imply two head of states , of any kind , need the permission of anybody in any other state to talk to each other or make any sort of deal ( within what they are bound by previous treaties ) . 
  but freedom to do something does not mean others can not react to it as they bloody well do . 
  just like tsipras and putin are free to talk to each other as much as they want , other heads of state or government are free to decide to react , and how , to it . 
  edit - to include a missing negative `` does not mean '' . 
  they would not need the 300 billion assuming the rest would be repaid in time . 
  but they are saying they will not repay , that the debt can not be repaid , so not sure if they only need a small portion.it \u00b4 s not like they can pay 4 or 5 or 10 billion and creditors will think , oh crisis averted , next payments will be on time . 
   then greece is no worse off than before . 
  that is kind of assuming goodwill could not go lower , with associations with putin . 
  it might . 
  and quite frankly , i would love to see greece succeeding at getting 300 bn euros lost funds out of putin ( or china , or barack obama ) plus some ( what ? 
  more to restart their economy . 
  problem solved , excellent , congratulations , open the champagne . 
  and that is not even all of it - i was talking of future decisions , which will still be have to be approved by all . 
  i though all of the eurozone held some of the debt - now the eurozone has increased somewhat in recent times , but do none of estonia , latvia , lithuania ( well , maybe not them ) , slovakia and slovenia hold any of the greek debt ? 
  playing east versus west might be very well to get a few weapons system , a few billion dollars in aid . 
  the scale of the money greece needs to stay in the eurozone and reject austerity , is on a different level altogether not sure as a bluff it is very believable - and it runs the risk of the bluff being called . 
  i get more and more the feeling that the accusations versus germany and the german government and their `` meanness '' and all that rhetoric are totally missing the point . 
  greece \u00b4 s problem is not going to convince the germans , it \u00b4 s big big problem is going to convince the eastern europeans and arguably they might be counting on germany to convince the others for their sake . 
  and i am really really not sure it is going to happen . 
  that is going to be so so helpful to create goodwill in all of the eurozone , all 18 other members including the baltic countries . 
  and certain measures must be aproved by all other 18 , aren \u00b4 t they ? 
  would they need to move all the cash back into the greek banking system ? 
  or just the 21 % tax ? 
  because moving the whole capital back into greece right now , with capital controls , ouch , nobody sane would do that . 
  i think i can take a guess at which company you work for  i don \u00b4 t know how old you are or how much experience you have had with how blue collar jobs actually are handled in other industries ( particularly , real industry ) and small businesses . 
  but the treatment as described , as reported , as i know they do , is not typical , is not common , it \u00b4 s not `` but that is how it \u00b4 s supposed to be '' . 
  plenty of jobs have traditionally bad timekeeping practices - banking for example , `` isen\u00e7\u00e3o de hor\u00e1rio '' . 
  but those are traditionally white collar jobs , where there are other other benefits ( isen\u00e7\u00e3o de hor\u00e1rio , good private social security network in the case of banking ) salaries are much higher than the salaries paid by supermarket retail . 
  as for example this https://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/10t4n4/tabela_salarial_do_pingo_doce/ you can not expect to pay very low , almost minimum wages and expect the same as if you were paying isen\u00e7\u00e3o de hor\u00e1rio or paying prestige salaries . 
  even the police forces , to which the labor code does not apply and kind of unfairly imo and with other problems ( the insurance ) have extra subsisides and complements and their extra hours are paid for - and if by any chance they need to do shifts unexpectedly it is kind of more understandable than in supermarket work !, 
   plus you are there to make some money , not a life , they know that , the works should know that , plus , if you are doing more for your life and your bosses know , then you could start building a opportunity to make a living in that company . 
  basically taking shit jobs in hope of progressing . 
  that is , and i am sorry , a shit idea . 
  first because the jobs will be pyramid like , there will not be room for everybody to get what they deserved for putting up with shit conditions , because not everybody will have a chance to `` progress '' much because they need to look after children or relatives , because they have no transport ( with those salaries , keeping a car and fueling it is kind of hard ! ) . 
  because those chances for progress might depend on the company \u00b4 s beneficence , and well wait they need to have a slightly better profit for this trimester \u00b4 s results , let \u00b4 s not renew the contract of anybody or let \u00b4 s not pay extra hours . 
  because they are competing with other businesses in the same area , including small businesses with better , and more expensive , labor practices . 
  and lastly but more omportantly because it is illegal !, 
  tax dodging labor regulation infrigers , fuck them . 
  i buy from them because there is not much alternative , but i do hope they do get what is coming to them one of these days . 
  mad ? 
  learn something . 
  first - they did relocate to the netherlands for tax reasons . 
  second , read some more http://www.jn.pt/paginainicial/economia/interior.aspx?content_id=4445551&amp;page=-1 http://www.sol.pt/noticia/118085 third - first , and this is something i do know , at a supermarket i frequent they keep rotating the employees . 
  3 or 6 months of provisory contract , and then it does not get renewed . 
  sometimes they go back to look for people who have worked there before . 
  they do that . 
   it seems to have pretty strong ties to dutch companies . 
  trust me , not even in the order of magnitude of its ties to portugal , or secondly , poland . 
  and yes , they admitted it was over taxes http://www.dn.pt/inicio/economia/interior.aspx?content_id=2217590&amp;seccao=dinheiro%20vivo, 
  well , the numbers source is the ministry itself http://www.tsf.pt/paginainicial/economia/interior.aspx?content_id=4105978 but 46 % of 1.6 billion extra in 2014 . 
   perhaps you can enlighten our fellow redditors on this issue ? 
  way beyond my powers to know the whole story , remember them and be able to explain them in english . 
  the socrates wikipedia page might be a good start https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos%c3%a9_s%c3%b3crates#face_oculta_scandal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/face_oculta those famous phone calls were ordered to be destroyed , with some judicial reversals along the way , and copies which had managed to escape previous destruction orders . 
  please tell me they are not accepting drinks ( alcohol ? ), 
  from people while wearing uniform , on working hours . 
  ouch , ouch , if so . 
  if outside working hours , they shouldn \u00b4 t either , but still it is less bad . 
  isn \u00b4 t brigada de transito doing traffic checks ? 
  it \u00b4 s the regular guys at the town \u00b4 s posto ? 
   i think the use of multibanco by small business helped them to be honest even more . 
  true . 
  when you see a business which says multibanco is out of order , or that they don \u00b4 t have multibanco , well ... 
  though to be really fair , the fees were bad for small transactions for 2 or 3 years , maybe the roughest years for small businesses . 
  the fees seem to have decreased a bit this year and now i see a lot less `` out of order '' multibancos . 
   but even today , i think many independent workers do n't declare the full amount of taxes . 
  i think that is in every single country . 
   and what good is that going to do if i need a mitsubishi pajero ? 
  ;-) you can sell it , and buy the pajero and obviously pay due taxes on both transactions   not bribed , but you can get an operation faster if you know the right doctor . 
  that could go under `` favoritism . '', 
  nepotism , or like the official criminal code word `` prevarica\u00e7\u00e3o '' - of which btw at least a former minister has been condemned ( suspendended sentence though ) . 
   and i have had terrible experiences with public services such as national health and postal services . 
  postal services , i never had any problems , national health mostly very good , at least in the main cities - i think it varies a lot from interior to the coast . 
  social security is a circle of hell though , camaras municipais , it \u00b4 s not fucking believable how bad some can be ( and some are ok , and in big ones , some services are ok , others are fawlty towers ) . 
   do you think it likely that he would have been prosecuted as acting pm or under a socialist government ? 
  you know what happened to the face oculta investigation ? 
  that is your answer . 
   every cash register here is connected to the tax authority via internet and when they issue a receipt it is sent to ta , given a unique id and then printed . 
  every cash transaction in the country is saved . 
  that is the way it is here as well , but the finance ministry has particular interest in each transaction having the fiscal numbers of both . 
  i think they might also use those to check about people underreporting their income , though that has never been officially stated . 
   the problem is that the really big fish still do n't pay their taxes very true , jeronimo martins relocating to the netherlands .
