  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10758766/ukraine-vladimir-putin-threatens-to-turn-off-the-gas.html  however , the eu is the biggest single buyer of russia 's oil and gas , so mr putin 's government would lose billions of dollars from any disruption of supplies . 
  all sides in this dispute are interdependent -- and all would suffer if the gas stopped flowing . 
  russia would be the biggest loser of all , according to analysts at commerzbank . 
  `` a voluntary suspension of russia 's deliveries or eu sanctions in the form of commodity export limitations would be disastrous for the russian economy above all -- and would far exceed the potential damage for the western world , '' they wrote . 
  the impact on europe would also be reduced by the fact that large quantities of gas remain in storage after the mild winter . 
  at the end of march , britain 's biggest storage facility , rough , was more than 40 per cent full , compared with 1 per cent at the same time last year . 
  to add a quote from another article  previous gas crises between russia , ukraine and europe came in the dead of winter , when gas demand was at its highest ; today 's crisis is unfolding after an unseasonably warm winter and with spring already here . 
  that means that europe has natural gas in storage , and natural gas demand will remain low for the next six months . 
   what 's more , pascual noted , the last crisis prodded europe to take steps to make its energy markets more resilient to sudden supply shocks . 
  `` after 2009 , the european union went into hyperdrive '' to reform its natural gas markets , he said . 
  that includes making it easier for european countries to ship gas to each other in times of need , an issue that has come to the forefront in the current showdown between moscow and kiev . 
   countries such as hungary and poland can already ship small amounts of natural gas to ukraine , or about enough to meet seven percent of ukraine 's annual demand , or about 25 percent of its lower summertime demand . 
  reversing pipeline flows from slovakia to ukraine would add twice that amount -- but would also require the construction of a new pipeline , because gazprom has bought transit rights on the main slovak pipeline for years to come . 
   given seasonally low demand for gas , relatively healthy gas storage levels , and the possibility of importing some additional gas from alternative suppliers such as norway and algeria , some believe europe is actually well placed to turn the energy weapon around on russia by halting its purchases of russian gas . 
  that would put severe pressure on moscow , which is reliant on gas and oil exports for more than half of its federal budget . 
   `` if russia moves into eastern ukraine now , brussels should impose an embargo right away , '' korchemkin said . 
  `` the closer it gets to the winter , the more painful the gas embargo would be for the eu , '' he said , estimating that gazprom and the russian government could wind up losing $ 100 million a day . 
  http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2014/04/09/putin_aims_his_energy_weapon_at_ukraine geostrategical lessons - never fight a war in russia in winter ( unless you are finnish maybe ) , but don \u00b4 t bluff with essential commodities at the time of the year they are not that essential . 
  playing their hand too soon . 
  yep !, 
  and what i was saying  previous gas crises between russia , ukraine and europe came in the dead of winter , when gas demand was at its highest ; today 's crisis is unfolding after an unseasonably warm winter and with spring already here . 
  that means that europe has natural gas in storage , and natural gas demand will remain low for the next six months . 
  some cronies using foreknowledge of bombastically threatening business-suicidical declarations to make a lot of money on the commodities market , that is imo the explanation which makes sense . 
  can you explain the cards gazprom holds , please ? 
  i see they can cut gas ( or cut gas and blame it on ukrainians ) . 
  but if they do , who else will they sell their gas to ? 
  where will russia get their hard currency ? 
  pragmatic , i think i am which is why i would bet money that fracking , large gas containers and liquid gas transport through ship are industries which are going to have major growth in europe soon . 
  no matter what . 
   good joke . 
  electricity shortages is an economic and political disaster . 
  even a significant increase in electricity prices is a major socio-economic issue , especially since we 're still in an economic crisis . 
  been there , done that , got the tshirt with weird renewable energy contracts a few years ago when we were really really deeply into crisis . 
  it \u00b4 s not the same level of urgency as human lives . 
   gazprom wants to see its bills paid , as they have every right to do . 
  they have no right to threaten clients which pay bills to try to get the money of clients which do not pay . 
  and it \u00b4 s not a wise business policy if they want to keep those other clients . 
  particularly when those other clients are the majority of your clients , and the almost totally of the clients which pay and pay in hard currency and you need hard currency , well not sure they would advise that in business school . 
  interesting to see what will happen . 
   all of which take time to implement and cost a lot of money we in europe do n't have at the moment . 
  meanwhile , you and i and the rest of the eu will need electricity tonight , and tomorrow , and next week , ... all of which will need to be done sooner or later so let \u00b4 s start sooner . 
  and start a unified electricity policy as well . 
  if costs get higher , more power plants not currently used right now due to economics might became again useful . 
  it is a major problem , but as political blackmail material , a potential electricity shortage in the summer months is not as life endangering crucial and as strong a political lever as heating gas in a winter cold wave . 
  and in 6 months , things might be quite different politically . 
  i also think gazprom is overplaying their hand - if they want europe to think they can not rely on russian gas , europe will have to find other more reliable solutions and it just might ( fracking , liquefied oil tankers , more coal plants , more renewable energies ) . 
  which will leave gazprom with very little to no clients . 
  btw some of those countries you list , like the uk do not use russian gas , ( northern sea gas i believe ) . 
  the nuclear is the baseline and the gas is for peak demand ? 
  makes sense , no hydro in ukraine ? 
  we do not use gas for energy generation , how different are european energy politics . 
  i use lots of electricity , but according to my electricity provider none of which cames from gas ( my last electricity bill says 49.6 % wind , hydro 13.9 % , coal 8.2 , co generation 11.8 , other renewable 9.6 . and the rest `` other '' which might include imported nuclear and small generation ) . 
  gas is expensive , burn that for electricity ? 
  shocking . 
  small ammounts from gas are needed to start coal or cogeneration boilers , but it \u00b4 s small ammounts and i think very few will come from russia . 
  it \u00b4 s april and getting hot , dude . 
  try again in october . 
   yes , but they do n't patrol the streets . 
  we call it keskusrikospoliisi or krp for short . 
  yes , here as well , they are not on the streets , just called as need be ( or investigate from the top down on their own ) . 
   i saw at least two penitenziaria vans on my way from turin to aosta valley two days ago . 
  they might have be taking somebody to trial ? 
  people judged to be at risk of escaping are on jail till trial , and they are moved by penitentiary guards which got their own vehicles and so on , for trials or crime reconstitutions or things like that . 
  or going to a civil hospital or something . 
  is it possible there , like it is here , to just go to any little `` phone card and phone repair shop '' or even grocery stores ( the phone shops almost always , the grocery stores often , usually staffed by people of asian descent ) and just buy a lycamobile card charged with 5 or 10 euros , with a new phone number ? 
  because if that is as easy there as it is here ( and it should be easy ) , what is the point ? 
  plus would not real criminals have already fake id , which in internet caf\u00e9s , not likely to be scrutinized deeply ? 
  why the fuck regulate something you can not cover completely nor expect to be enforced seriously ? 
  if you want people to understand what you are typing , type longer and clearer explanations . 
  and even so do not expect people from other countries to always understand at first , or think logical or efficient or ethical the way people do things in our own countries . 
  you don \u00b4 t have a criminal investigation police at least ? 
  about roaming streets , and extrapolating for what i know : polizia/carabinieri - is a bit as we were talking about police and gendarmerie and police and sheriff departments . 
  where one is , the other usually is not , and gendarmerie/carabinieri are usually the police force for rural , more widespread , different type of crimes areas . 
  jeeps and horses and so on . 
  polizia municipale - if it \u00b4 s like here , it \u00b4 s not real police at all . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of security guards hired by the city administration to handle small matters , like parking or noise levels or trash things . 
  they can write fines , but anything else they have to call the real police . 
  finance guard - usually they might be a division of police/gendarmerie , and they only look into financial fraud matters , though being real police , they can of course arrest , and are supposed to help any citizen in any emergency . 
  regular police/gendarmes are not really trained into the intricacies of the tax code and regulations . 
  polizia penitenziaria - i guess prison guards , though i think you won + \u00b4 t see them on the streets . 
  you got to have this in finland as well , right ? 
  and there is more we have : military police - a military institution , made of military which polices the members of the military on military bases and eventually everywhere they are stationed . 
  they check also for enforcement of military regulations . 
  civilian crimes are passed on to the relevant civilian police force . 
  `` policia maritima '' - probably more unusual . 
  the navy is technically in charge of all the beaches and harbours , and this is kind of a gendarmerie police force belonging to them . 
  mostly to do with ships but might have to do with regular citizens as well on beaches and things . 
  if your wallet gets stolen on a beach on call the police or guards . 
  if a water bike is coming to close to land or something you call whoever is nearest but it will be the policia maritima who can impound it . 
  they would be the one responsible for closing beaches due to weather and all that . 
  so they can only be around if it is planned beforehand somebody is going to get arrested ? 
  i honestly do not understand the usefulness , but maybe that is just as well . 
  that is interesting , i hear sheriff and police departments a lot in movies but had never really gotten the differences . 
  yeah , it could be - funny that two very different countries ( and i think in spain and france is similar as well ) found the same solution of having slightly different forces to police rural and urban areas . 
  and to specify we have one extra police which is the judiciary police and are the ones who investigate more serious crimes , everywhere and anywhere . 
   the hands-on work ( if you get what i mean ) . 
  kicking and hitting ? 
  that is not a trait i want in any police force in a country i am in . 
  and it will backfire , if they are allowed to do that , the more they will rely on being able to do that at their own discretion and the more free they will feel to impose their own rules ( say covering payments to them , or covering corruption or the crimes of friends ) . 
  police who does that as a policy is not an extra safety , it \u00b4 s an extra break in the way society works and there will be other signs of corruption associated to it .
