  going straight up against the trend just for the sake of it , with a sense of superiority even the problem with that is if you go ahead and do it , and the others are not in synch you will look very bad . 
  it takes far more courage to be individual , honest . 
  it \u00b4 s a much bigger risk , with a high chance of failing . 
   considering what he said at the end basically calling every other song there commercial crap and that his quality music won against all odds . 
  you see when it won the portuguese festival and the right to represent portugal at eurovision , it was heavily criticized , a lot of people thought we should have sent some crap in english with fireworkds like other countries - even if it \u00b4 s something we are not good at , because we can \u00b4 t quite take seriously . 
   my main problem with it is that it pretty much sounds like a soundtrack for a romance movie or something like that how horrible . 
  it remind me a bit of somewhere over the rainbow , or a hero song from a disney musical . 
  isn \u00b4 t it dreadful ? 
  a song from a romance movie , what a perfectly horrible thing to put on eurovision  but not a show stopper meant to dazzle and showcase your culture . 
  oh , so you know much about portuguese culture to think this is not representing truly portuguese culture ? 
  because in fact , portuguese culture has a very strong , 800 years old and counting tradition of love songs and poems about broken love affairs . 
  the line `` meu bem , ouve as minhas preces '' made me think of cam\u00f5es and bossa nova at the same time ( which of course was in itself derived also partially from portuguese literary tradition ) . 
  in fact the whole rhyme of it is literary . 
  and according to you this does not represent portugal while according to you yodeling romanians singing in english does represent romania . 
  or the sax guy represents moldovan culture . 
  amazing logic . 
   i get what you 're saying yet i 'm really multi cultural and open minded myself , i grew up in romania , taught myself english by 10 and afterwards pretty much grew up on the american part of the internet and their culture , i 'm well travelled around europe , and am currently living in the uk . 
  there are far more cultures in europe than romania , uk and the american part of the internet . 
   i care more about why i could n't predict it . 
  you say you are 22 . 
  that is pretty young , and your definition of multicultural is maybe not as far reaching as you think it is . 
  maybe you don \u00b4 t know how much as you think you know . 
  with time you are going to see lots of things go in and out of fashion , to see fashions and trends swing . 
  when something goes so far in one direction that sometimes you can no longer stand it . 
  what for you seems expected or fun for others might seem fake or tacky . 
  people can react very strongly to the concept of tacky . 
  if you understood portuguese , there was a great link of a portuguese humorist narrating the semifinal and all the places in singer \u00b4 s bodies from which firewords or doves were emerging . 
  it \u00b4 s not everybody \u00b4 s cup of tea . 
   first of all i know tastes are really subjective you could have stopped here . 
  in the last couple of weeks , there have been some posts from weather reports from several parts of europe , i remember the wtf music dance , some others very plastic-ey examples , and then an adorable `` normal-ish '' finnish guy . 
  the really plastic-ey over the top weather reportsm were surprising to me and not in an attractive way , it looked so fake . . and all these have to do with cultural differences , in portugal ( and finland also ) we are a lot more matter-of-factedly with weather reports ( when we had them ) and wanted `` seriousness '' , reliability rather than to be entertained . 
  and maybe deeper cultural differences as well but that is another matter . 
  there is not one european culture . 
  it \u00b4 s pretty diverse and maybe you should be open that yeah , people will like ( respect , or think something is tacky or bad ) different things than you do . 
  you can \u00b4 t say that a song which one the popular vote is `` wrong '' for what the festival was supposed to be about , because the majority defines what they actually really really want . 
  i checked , and it + s got typos ( ling\u00edsticos , a disposi\u00e7\u00e3o ) and grammar ( haja visto que , a tem\u00e1tica do projeto ) . 
  really odd comma positioning . 
  they actually deign to accept people whose nationality is mainly portuguese ( not solely , not uniquely . 
  mainly . 
  i bet it \u00b4 s for visa requirements ) . 
  they absolutely should have hired somebody who could write portuguese !, 
  maybe they should have tried paying them . 
  the ads are online and they copy-pasted all ads http://emprego.sapo.pt/emprego/empresa/28317/empresa.htm for humorists , actress , medical sex experts , journalists , fashion expert , etc and all reads the same for all positions . 
  they have edited it out a bit since the scandal but mentioned sexual desinibition as a requirement . 
  http://emprego.sapo.pt/emprego/anuncio/4084515/especialista-em-moda - ( mf ) . htm schedule is according the employee \u00b4 s choice . 
  payment is `` adjustable according to willingness and abilities shown by the candidate '' . 
  it reads like a recruitment for prostitutes . 
  ( brazillian prostitutes are kind of a brand category for prostitutes in portugal ) . 
  i would most certainly not call them a portuguese company , the guy who is the owner is a brazillian , called heinrich pereira , who has been convicted in brazil for selling abortion pills over the internet . 
  if i were a terrorist , wanting to bring down a plane , i would say fly from dakar or mexico city . 
  places where anyway i would expect there to be a lot less control of everything than in europe . 
  you could also merge it with the emcdda drug agency in lisbon . 
  cheaper that way , and will reduce the number of agencies . 
  40 agencies is a lot !, 
  there is no fucking way the eu will accept to impose ground control passenger restrictions on its own airlines and exempt airlines from the country imposing the restrictions - it will not enforce something which is discriminating its own airlines . 
  and at this moment in time , there is not much trust in current american institutions to be unbiased and objective , instead of trying to gain business advantage using security made up fears . 
  it will be interesting to watch what happens , but there is no fucking way the eu will let eu airliners be disadvantaged regards to american companies . 
  if it is like the middle east ban , us airlines will be exempt . 
  which stinks of protectionism under disguise . 
  americans can impose those rules sure , it will be awesome for their east coast industry . 
  but the eu might also impose the very same rules or others to flights originating from the usa . 
  i like that , probably because that is what i am used to also . 
  or kind of , we no longer do weather forecasts with people , and it used to be real live meteorologists from the official institute anyway . 
  the official predictions on the internet or in graphic form are extremely reliable though so i am not criticizing the choice of priorities !, 
  lol will check that when i can . 
  but a regular looking person rather than a barbie or ken doll which is what a lot of countries go for and looks so weird to me, 
  that is adorable . 
  and sympathies . 
  and i like how normal your weather guy is . 
  no specific word . 
  just full/new moon tide . 
  the september/october ones are more dangerous to people - sea is warmer so more thermal currents , sea and air are warmer so more people in the beaches . 
  the bathing , lifeguard season extends to october 1st . 
  tides are not about waves , it \u00b4 s about the pull of moon . 
  you can have very strong tides even when waves are mild . 
  but i get what you are getting at , just pointing out from my point of view west and east makes a lot more sense than atlantic coast since it all seems the atlantic to me !, 
  living tides is the literal translation of the portuguese word , i think there is no exact equivalent in english . 
  wikipedia says spring tides are , regardless of season , the full/new moon tides . 
  the living tides are , in portuguese , the spring tides closest to the equinox , which are much higher and lower , very surprising sometimes particularly if there is weather associated , and very dangerous . 
  they are equinocial spring tides , and only those ones , not the ones at the rest of the year . 
  it \u00b4 s still the atlantic you know ... 
  the east part is the atlantic also , right ? 
  do you have a special name for it ? 
  and autumn . 
  equinoxes . 
  but it depends on the phase of the moon . 
  the important thing is for your boys in blue to stay on that side of the atlantic . 
  please . 
  depends on the coast it seems . 
  some parts of france , even atlantic mainland parts are pretty similar , the mediterranean obviously lol , but normandy and brittany i know have a lot of variance . 
  east coast of ireland i also think it \u00b4 s pretty mild . 
  we have those here as well . 
  weirdly , because freak waves are freak they can show up even in relatively calm days and sometimes even in the summer ( towards the end of august , when the sea is warmer and it \u00b4 s getting close to the equinox ) . 
  and a ** lot ** are foreigners ( and this year , somebody doing a religious service to a brazillian sea divinity in february when there was a big weather red alert and interdition for the sea coast . ), 
  that map is fantastic !, 
  did not know it , thank you . 
  we are in the red area , no idea those were so rare . 
  not sure what the scale is , if it \u00b4 s average amplitude to a average , it \u00b4 s more or less right , on `` normal '' tide amplitudes are 2-3 meters , but from the same place with supermoons and equinoxes and full/new moons the 2-3 meters can double and count on 4-5 meters as the upper limit . 
  edit - our rivers got tides . 
  i have seen rivers flow upriver , up to 20 , 30 km away from the sea .
