  i suspect our mosquitoes might be slightly different though . 
   the average age was 60 and we did n't want to cause any issues . 
  wake up a bit earlier , and mix some of the towels around , keep some and change their place , so different towels are really close - they will all suspect each other up . 
  take away some of the towels , fold them carefully and out them in some maintenance type place . 
  put your towels where you like them . 
   the only one here asshole is you . 
  news for you , we also have tens of thousands , maybe hundreds of thousands of volunteers which risk their lives to save others without getting paid . 
  i can \u00b4 t imagine them being snide about people needing saving being stupid . 
  puting safety warnings or any kind where you tell people to google a n important word ( hey , why doesn \u00b4 t the person writing it google it themselves ? ), 
   so please pull that broom out of your entitled ass because it is not helping you and be damned that you spend few minuites using google to find out about what is luftmatratzen/luftmadrac . 
  why do those caring people who risk their lives to save others , why doesn \u00b4 t one of them spend a few minutes googling it so make sure as many people as possible understand the warning ? 
  one person writing it googling it themselves , versus almost all english speakers each spending some minutes ( if they got access to the internet where they are , assuming this is printed out ) doing it . 
  but the objective is not informing people , it \u00b4 s having an inside joke at the cost of `` dumb '' tourists . 
  and you know croatians are also dumb tourists elsewhere . 
  next time one drowns here , on the real ocean with real tides , i will remember this . 
  vila real de santo ant\u00f3nio is a great example of what we call pombaline urban planning . 
  it \u00b4 s very rational , straight lines , windows and air , and this and as was lisbon were build mostly after 1775 , where lisbon was destroyed so there was a scarcity , throughout the country , of materials and workers , so no unnecessary ornamentation , no waste ( churches with only one tower is a dead giveaway to date an 18th century church ) . 
  and later , the spanish invasion . 
  when lisbon and this were being built , those were hard times indeed , so it \u00b4 s kind of spare functional urban baroque . 
  one color only ( in lisbon theoretically it was ocre , though it got wild and is getting wilder ) , very strict plans , in lisbon even saints azulejo panels had to be hidden , same models for all balcony grills , and so on on , they use window shapes to create ornamentation for example . 
  i do love its proportions , how serene it all is , interiors full of light and good circulations . 
  rio de janeiro historical center also is of the same type , reminds me a lot of angra do hero\u00edsmo , the stone which does not exist in the mainland portugal , though it \u00b4 s a lot less preserved as a whole than angra or vila real de santo ant\u00f3nio and even lisbon . 
   if you have to be alerted not to float off on an air mattress during high winds then i 'm sorry but that 's natural selection doing it 's thing . 
  assholes indeed . 
  but if they did , they would he helpful and not take the opportunity to be superior and snide to foreigners !, 
  the fun part is for those in the know . 
  `` be careful to not use your xhrgafwyr ( just google it ! ) '', 
  is only for for those in the know . 
   do n't call these people `` assholes '' because they actually save people 's lives i am calling them assholes because instead of being snide on reddit , they who have the job to be clear and factual and alert people to dangers decide to instead of translating a crucial word , they will have fun and tell tourists to google a not-too-obvious from context word . 
  assholes . 
  oh my aren \u00b4 t they so much cleverer than those foreign tourists who do not know local conditions and weather ? 
  tell them to google it . 
  just curious , does the `` heat '' / `` cold '' in summer make any difference regarding mosquitoes ? 
  in portugal if the weather at a place where there are mosquitos is cool ( say 15-16 or below ) and windy , no mosquitoes show up !, 
  have to be grateful ? 
  most of us love it , it \u00b4 s great , hot but not too hot . 
  if we did not get days with max of 32 everybody would be complaining where \u00b4 s summer , it \u00b4 s not a real summer , climate change , it \u00b4 s depressing , and nobody would be buying summer drinks , beach stuff , shorts , sunscreen and so on . 
  if it \u00b4 s meant to be a real warning , it \u00b4 s an annoying snide one . 
  telling people to google a foreign language word , instead of the translator trying to find an equivalent in english . 
  assholes . 
  i love it . 
  ventilation !, 
  it kind of smells of the sea also . 
  32 , and breezy !, 
  yay . 
  i could never be really happy living far far away from the sea . 
  i am not swiss , but that does not look like switzerland at all . 
  see those waves ? 
  looks like the ocean . 
  nothing green is growing so close to water , the rocks are dark . 
  to me it looks like the north coast of madeira , which would fit the sun at afternoon and the shadows . 
  near porto moniz , though a short google maps search does not find the exact spot , but maybe near this photo https://www.google.pt/maps/@32.868308,-17.166503,3a,75y,319.91h,83.22t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1saf1qipn2bqinkdjq8ggmamxpssq4mn9enkpu32iqia8s!3e27!6shttps:%2f%2flh5.googleusercontent.com%2fp%2faf1qipn2bqinkdjq8ggmamxpssq4mn9enkpu32iqia8s%3dw203-h100-k-no-pi-0-ya92.20253-ro-0-fo100!7i10240!8i5120 is there a higher resolution photo ? 
  i want to take a look at what seems to be a road tunnel in the right of the photo . 
  saying that , the canaries would also have similar landscapes . 
  32 for lisbon today . 
  i love you very much , atlantic ocean . 
  i am so glad to hear that . 
  it raised extremely strong feelings in me , so i was just here scratching my head at some people \u00b4 s defense of it ( 5 windows are not 6 windows ! ), 
  did you notice the base of the towers is symmetrical , but they put no windows on the right one ? 
  that they put lots of spires on the left one which are not reflected on the right one at the same level ? 
  that the top of the right tower , the shape and proportions has absolutely nothing to do with anything on any level of the left tower ? 
  i could almost believe , hey the right tower is a work in progress , they will put the windows and raise it in time . 
  except , it \u00b4 s closer to the building !, 
  it will never ever be balanced . 
  two of them !, 
  the really old one , which is from way back the moorish times , built on layers - and imo the classy one ; plus the 19th century pastiche just for fun and kicks entertainment a king did . 
  and many many other palaces . 
  it was philip ii of spain , who was king of portugal at the time who decided to found a new capital at the geographical center of both portugal and spain . 
  if he had picked lisbon , he would have had sintra in the summer , as it was he had the escorial !, 
  what a choice . 
  not very very common , but a possibility . 
  and the flights will have a layover in lisbon for sure , so maybe you can squeeze a day , and have an overnight `` pillow '' if there is a delay on the flight back . 
  how long a holiday are you planning to take ? 
  i think r/askeurope is the right subreddit for it . 
  but in the meanwhile , as somebody from lisbon , not sure we have any local nye which are unique . 
  madeira is worth it , and relatively easy , and maybe you can do a layover stay in lisbon ( or porto ) . 
  plus nice truly warm weather you won \u00b4 t get in the european mainland . 
  if it \u00b4 s meant to be extra special the only drawback is the possibility of cancelled or delayed flight because of winds , so plan with a couple days to travel before and after ( arrive there on the 29th at most , depart so you got a layover of a day or two and do not absolutely need to be back at your desk or for some event the day after you fly back ) . 
   it does n't fit in the area at all i agree with that , but on itself , without considering how it fits the rest of the area ( the polish church i do not know either ) i find it very interesting . 
  mind you the thing i find more dissonant , not interesting to the eye at all , just plain ugly , ruining so many views is tour de montparnasse . 
  nice views though , particularly since you can not see tour de montparnasse . 
   not saying the church is perfect but it 's ridiculous for you to complain about dead space in while saying you like a bunch of exposed pipes with an outdoor stairway cutting across it surrounded by 18th and 19th century buildings . 
  let me see if i can explain this . 
  exposed piping , agressive geometry , totally modern can work , think of it as the equivalent of say a punk outfit , ripped jeans , doc martens ( the exposed piping ) , flannel , aggressive haircut , some safety pins . 
  it might not be a good look for a lot of occasions but it is interesting . 
  it can have its own chic . 
  most it \u00b4 s not tacky . 
  the polish building aims to be something really different - i looked at it and thought of our own mafra though am sure its closers source of inspiration is in central and eastern europe . 
  it \u00b4 s something a lot easier , but it \u00b4 s like a classical dress but badly cut so it does not fit right ( the dead space , see how where the colonnades join the tower ) , with one sleeve longer than the other ( the 5/6 windows colonnade ) , with lots of sequins and in a bright color . 
  and oh yeah , one shoulder is sheer , the other is covered ( windows on one tower , but not on the other ) . 
  it \u00b4 s tacky , it \u00b4 s trashy , it fails in the details . 
   at least the poles built something that will age well . 
  i am sure after a few centuries the 5 windows on the colonnade on the right side , versus the 6 windows on the colonnade on the left side will still be annoying a lot of people . 
  i like it a lot better actually !, 
  not necessarily in the place it is , does not quite match the rest of the area around it , but it makes sense , it \u00b4 s consistent throughout . 
  but the polish church , they build the first stage of a tower on one side , build a shorter colonnade ( 5 windows on one side , 6 on the other ) , forget to put the windows , a top totally different from the style on the other , and if they put enough gold nobody will notice it . 
  everything about the proportions , the dumb dead space between windows and walls or the roof is bothering me . 
  it was not about the original not being beautiful enough , it was about being too small !, 
  and uncomfortable , difficult to manage for people in wheelchairs . 
  so the plan yeah was to build something very large but unobtrusive which continued the plan without altering it dramatically .
