  we actually don \u00b4 t eat tortilla with or without onions . 
  but can offer moral sympathy to any galicians or raianos who feel persecuted by it . 
  in some parts , the fields give more !, 
  highest producing crop . 
  maybe they represent and try to give voice to the problems faced by the persecuted people who prefer tortilla with onion ? 
  i found a source for that http://www.laregion.es/articulo/o-carballinho/cultura-dice-mamoa-ardesende-enterrada/20150827082109564115.html, 
  cebola means onion . 
  the bbc has some more http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33268521 in the uk the system is known as section 95 support , and is given to those unable to feed themselves . 
  its entitlements are # 72.52 a week for a married couple or a couple in a civil partnership . 
  lone parents over 18 get # 43.94 and single people of this age # 36.95 . 
  those aged 16 to 18 get # 39.80 and under-16s get # 52.96 . 
  which is a lot more than in portugal - # a week for the couple plus 2 * # 52.96 for two children is # 178.44 a week for family . 
  times 4.348 weeks is 775.85 pounds a month for a family of four , with 3 children below 16 years . 
  in portugal it would 316 - in wales they would get 2.5 times the money they would get in portugal . 
   and it might be a `` complex problem '' but that does n't change the fact portugal has done next to nothing during it . 
  what do you propose portugal should do to attract more asylum seekers ? 
  lock people up in camps ? 
  raise subsidies ? 
  and please answer me , how much does a refugee receive in britain ? 
  i have checked how much they do in portugal , you can do the same . 
  i kind of suspect that it is the reason why portugal does so `` little '' . 
  yes , the twitter pic is not so bad https://twitter.com/elhuffpost/status/636084362698604545/photo/1 and apparently false alarm , the true archaeological dig is supposedly safely buried and these were leftovers from an old house . 
  i do think the old one still looked better , though i agree not so comfortable for people with mobility problems . 
  ( also caramelo as an insult , seriously ? 
  is that a regionalism or something ? ), 
  yes , i am portuguese , residing and working in portugal . 
  you do not need to put down portugal to validate your family \u00b4 s choices . 
  and for your reading pleasure , if your portuguese is good enough for that http://expresso.sapo.pt/sociedade/2015-08-27--sao-as-dezenas.-familias-portuguesas-disponiveis-para-acolher-refugiados -- we took refugees before , many tens of thousands , spanish from the civil war , train loads with sousa mendes visas , we took in kosovars , we took in afghans in the last century alone . 
  we took about one million people with a right to the portuguese nationality in 1975 . 
   the same as in the rest of the uk . 
  how much is that ? 
  in portugal as far as i can tell , and it seems complicated it is 143.80 euro ( 105 pounds more or less ) per adult per month , up to a total of 431.40 for a family of 2 adults and 2 children between 1 and 18 ( no idea why older than 1 ) . 
  431.40 euro is at current exchange rate about 316 pounds . 
  this is per month of course . 
  this is also the `` social insertion '' income for portuguese nationals . 
  you want to know why you get more asylum requests , i suspect it has to do with this . 
   do n't care , i just remember some scrub from portugal in every thread about the uk having a go at us for our reaction . 
  so because of a troll , wearing a subreddit flair , that is going to form your opinion on a complex geopolitical problem ? 
  one ? 
  true . 
  some of us often have to deal with northern european close mindedness ( and worse , up to being undistinguishable from stupidity or willingness to corrupt others ) which leads to about the same results . 
  older generations would be so shocked at that . 
  stones you pick from the fields . 
  cement being cheaper . 
  what do you propose portugal should do to get more asylum applicants ? 
  read this thread , the story about the bissau plane . 
  how much do refugees get paid , as subsistence money , in wales ? 
  not so bad as in athens or particularly in rome , because the area continuously inhabited is smaller , more compact and on the hill slopes where people are not actually going to dig up subway . 
  but every single dig it \u00b4 s `` oh , roman baths '' , or `` oh , muslim cemitery '' or `` neanderthal bones '', 
  or northern portugal , or alentejo ? 
  there are literally hundreds , maybe thousands of neolithic graves and stones and what not . 
  edit - i went checking , at the national database of registered archaeological sites http://arqueologia.patrimoniocultural.pt/?sid=sitios if you click , on the right side on `` paises '' it lists 32297 sites for portugal . 
  you can also sort by concelho ( municipality ) - just evora has 1400 , lisboa ( a totally urban , around 100 km ^ 2 has 300 + ^ , serpa and rdemonsaraz each have over 700 . 
  lisbon problem - if you dig in some areas ( castle hill ) you are going to find layers and layers of archaeological relevant , probably going back more than just 6000 years . 
  it \u00b4 s a problem , because no owners want to have archaeologists delaying construction work . 
  and a really ugly one cement one at that . 
  galician feismo ? 
  it \u00b4 s something in the ground probably , it spreads its tentacles into portugal as well , particularly the north , kind of stopping when it reaches the tagus ( the tagus changes everything in portugal ) . 
  i am very grateful the national park in geres was created so early !, 
  i love galicia very much , but why do you people do these things ? 
  why do you love cement so much ? 
  when you build in stone , nothing in europe is prettier ( as pretty yes , but prettier than a pretty part of galicia , nothing is ) . 
   the 1.9 k asylum seekers we had living here in 2014 is 40 years worth for portugal . 
  not sure if bad math or intentional . 
  portugal had 440 asylum seekers in 2014 , as the eurostat link http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics 1900/440 is 4.3 which certainly is more , but guess what , the uk is richer , more people want to go there . 
  not our fault . 
  so if your family can not * have * portugal , others can \u00b4 t ? 
  and what is `` us '' , btw ? 
  your family are free people , free to move elsewhere for better finantial prospects , as they think cool . 
  if they are still portuguese citizens , they are free to vote for the international circles . 
  but it takes some kind of nerve ( and stupidity ) for people who moved to another country for economical reasons ( unless they were oppressed in portugal , maybe they are refugees from sardine grilling smell ? 
  or pimba music ? 
  or they are oppressed by all the cheap good wine everywhere ? ), 
  to resent that other people , who might have the same motivations as them or possibly much more serious ones , want to move , maybe be happy , in the country they themselves thought was not wealthy enough for them . 
  yes , badly explaining , my english is stuck tonight . 
  these 60 in 2014 are not almo\u00e7ar certainly 2014 arrivals . 
  we got 400 something applicants in 2015 . 
  our percentages of decisions to number of seekers and how many decisions are `` positive '' are kind of online with other countries . 
  we just get much much less seekers . 
  we don \u00b4 t get 60 a year . 
  we had 440 applicants in 2014 ( not sure the 25 for morocco are going to be accepted . 
  ) , of which there were 155 decisions ( these take time , are probably about 2013 applicants or earlier where there less seekers ) , of which 60 were accepted and 115 rejected . 
  i kind of see the point of rejections - morocco ? 
  the rejection percentage is pretty similar to a lot of other countries . 
  we don \u00b4 t really take more because often they do not want to ask refugee status in portugal . 
  not a lot of money . 
  as an example , on 11 ( ? ), 
  december 2013 , about a 100 people , presumably mostly from syria , with false passports boarded a tap flight in bissau . 
  the crew suspected passports were false , complained about local passport control , but were threatened with the aircraft would be `` arrested '' and themselves as well , captain decided to get out of there , and brought everybody to lisbon for border control to sort out . 
  ( and that was the end of flights to bissau , for a long while , as well as other perks ) . 
  of the 100 people , they were put in hostels , supplied with social assistants , almost none if any asked for asylum in portugal , they would be in the stats if any significant number had asked ( 25 asylum seekers from morocco is on the stats ) . 
  they run away , got into buses , cars , when found drove back . 
  but you can \u00b4 t arrest people , not for something like this . 
  to keep them someplace , you need to offer them more than they are offering in some other place , they did not think we could . 
  and we should not try to offer any more than what we are already offering to refugees , because we can not fucking afford it . 
  good point , you are right . 
  pure alcohol on itself is not very nice . 
  i have very few times drunk vodka neat , can \u00b4 t say i appreciate it . 
  nice wine makes any meal better , an occasion out of anything . 
  lol .
