  we can usually tell , from first names , from a discussion in another language how a word gets pronounced , from accents . 
  on the internet without the other context , come on , be more precise . 
  otoh it is not so bad with us , i think the irish and the italian got it even worse , so proclaimed irish or italians glamourizing the ira or the mafia on the internet in english , at least not an issue with us . 
  we still do . 
  or at least we export a lot of money in shoes , maybe not in number of pairs , maybe it \u00b4 s not so much in number but we sell them at about the same price as italy so a lot in cash . 
   well it was founded by a portuguese bloke and the logo is that rooster on the picture . 
  is it makes you happy go ahead . 
  but there is none in portugal , and putting a rooster on it does not necessarily make something portuguese and if the bloke was portuguese or `` portuguese '' no idea . 
  but the concept of paying that much for a single dose of frango de churrasco is absolutely shocking to portuguese . 
  save your money , some to portugal instead to have some sardines/febras/snails whatever . 
  but nando \u00b4 s is south african . 
  of portuguese descent maybe but there is not a single one in portugal nor are they likely to make any money . 
  and if you want to celebrate with chinese custard tarts , have fun . 
  but it \u00b4 s not portuguese either . 
  you are canadian of portuguese descent . 
   why segregate and act like you 're so much better ? 
  it \u00b4 s not necessarily better , lots of people in the world will think being canadian is far superior . 
  but if a nation is a set of people united geographically but also with cultural characteristics , what i think of when i think of portuguese , a minha gente , is not somebody who can possibly be unaware of the 10 de junho . 
  you are not portuguese . 
  you might be portuguese-something or lusodescendente and call yourself portuguese but if you never noticed the 10 de junho is a holiday or what holiday nobody portuguese would call you portuguese.avec . 
  that is not portuguese . 
  in june 10th ? 
  sardines , febras , just grill stuff , sangria , beer , caldo verde at 4 am . 
  cherries . 
  and snails !, 
  june is the best month . 
  and the 10th of june on a friday the 13th is a monday and there is football fuck yeah . 
  yeah , it seems so , be safe everybody . 
  thanks . 
  that is a lot of wind and that explains it all about the risk of forest fire and freezing roads at the same time . 
  my best wishes of rain or that the wind breaks soon . 
  no problem , thanks anyway . 
  though now wondering if m/s or km/h . 
  if m/s wow , that is a lot of wind . 
  ok , thanks . 
  yeah , i know . 
  it was pretty clearly a joke `` dope ! '', 
   the wind speed in metres in seconds . 
  are you sure it \u00b4 s not km/h ? 
  16 to 24 meters per second are really high winds , 60 to 90 km/h which is really unusual to be so sustained throughout a large country . 
  i am pretty sure the person saying it was meters was joking knowingly , i replied in the spirit . 
  not usually no , which was why i was asking about the wave symbol in the weather warnings . 
  oh yes . 
  and it \u00b4 s a lot more noticeable to outsiders than they would think http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2015/02/how-often-people-in-various-countries-shower/385470/ and rich countries , with plenty of water as well as others . 
  in the south , in spain and portugal the usual really is at least once a day , the norm , and probably italy and greece as well . 
  ah , of course . 
  the big wave surfing championships will have to manage with just that . 
  those big wave warnings in the baltic , how big do those waves get ? 
  you don \u00b4 t talk for us , `` europe '' which thinks air conditioning is stupid . 
  and btw we are with the americans about frequency of bathing as well . 
  maybe they can go one step further and boycott mercedes . 
  buy bmws or something . . ( / s though really where will they get their luxury cars if they start boycotting german cars ? 
  other western countries ? 
  yeah go get some bentleys or jaguars . 
  japanese cars ? 
  it might be a bit non impressive ), 
  and a bit vice versa , older nordic people in some countries are adopting more wine drinking habits . 
  but binge drinking in southern ( not mediterranean which is not the same thing ) european being more usual among the young , still does not give it that social acceptance that is still far more common to the north . 
  lol , yeah tell that to a few of them . 
  btw i was just quoting somebody . 
  in my opinion the cause might be related to geography but in much more complex ways . 
  regardless of death rate between two particular countries i assure you the drinking pattern , the way alcohol is looked is far different . 
  different morbidity might be related to higher consumption , but that does not mean it is drunk the same way socially and notice for example much higher addiction rates in sweden , even with lower consumption http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/profiles/swe.pdf http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/profiles/fra.pdf, 
   bad weather   drug use   mental problems it might be related to the way intoxication is considered socially , it might be derive as well from how a country drinks . 
  in latin europe the historical alcohol is wine , and there is not really a culture of drinking till you pass out . 
  in northern countries , the traditional drink is spirits and is just totally different drinking patterns . 
  we have some of the same kind of tourism problems in portugal that people have in barcelona ( this article ) or a recent article about iceland ( which seems to be even worse , proportionwise ) . 
  the thing which seems to be causing more problems is city tourism , where population density and prices is already high , in general creating a tourist resort someplace in the countryside tends to have different problems ( environmental mostly ) . 
  some examples of problems too much tourism creates : ~ - real estate bubbles , particularly in city centres . 
  traditional rentals have practically disappeared from 2-3 of the most central lisbon freguesias . 
  airbnb everything . 
  people want to stay in neighbourhoods they grew up , no chance . 
  - airbnb neighbourhoods got a totally different vibe than if rented to regular people . 
  regular people will know what to do about trash , are not on holidays and as such not partying everynight , are not using wheelie suitcases at all hours of the night , frequent small local businesses but will be discerning about if a local business is bad quality or high prices , so you lose businesses , it \u00b4 s harder to shop or find things . 
  there are also weird deserts , where tourists arrive on thursday and leave on sunday , so mondays are kind of dead and empty . 
  - public transportation can \u00b4 t handle everything . 
  particularly those friday peaks with people with lots of luggage but some routes , particularly all trams can \u00b4 t handle the demand and not sure it \u00b4 s possible to scale them up . 
  - you can just give up some doing , entering some places . 
  for example in lisbon if i wanted to use the santa justa elevator , or other elevators ( which are pretty convenient ) , or take the tram to campo de ourique , i would need to queue for an hour or something . 
  some places ( pasteis de bel\u00e9m , ramiro , etc ) queues as well . 
  - tourists are on holiday and looking to have fun and have much less connections , social obligations than locals . 
  more graffiti , unbelievable litter at night spots , just stupid agressions . 
  and yeah the drug seeking and the people exploiting people seeking drugs either by selling them real ones or fake ones . 
  somebody was telling me the other day an elderly person slipped and fell in the centre of lisbon the other day , dozens of tourists around , all ignored - because they can \u00b4 t speak the language , because they kind of have a wall between them which is really a big change from the lisbon as it used to be . 
  - the `` businesses '' targeting tourists . 
  the `` drug '' sellers ( not easy to repress due to legal loophole they are exploting ) , the tuktuk businesses which had to be repressed badly because of all the problems they were causing ( noise , traffic jams , pollution ), 
  you are not actually european are you ? 
  cos we can tell . 
   but especially considering your contexts , imagine what would happen if it would magically go away . 
  i actually remember how it was before the masses of tourism and not so long ago . 
  and trust me , for capital or major cities , they would not be noticeably poorer related to eastern europe or what not . 
  the space in city centre is finite , if it was not taken by tourists , it would be taken by locals who now find themselves displaced outwards or with life just more difficult . 
  and there are limits , there are things which must be done to keep cities functioning for those who actually live there . 
  when you got too many tourists in an area , that is not necessarily good for the tourists themselves ( but might be preferrable for all of us , i think some neighbourhoods are just worth quitting , just keep them all there and out of our way ) . 
  that kind of proves my point , that romanians ( and not only ) might not have a clue of real problemas brought by mass tourism or how tourism affects ( or not ) other fields . 
  the perspective of somebody who has only experienced tourism so diluted tourism is only 1 % of the gnp , might be a totally different experience than somebody from a place where it \u00b4 s 10,15 % or more . 
  came talk to us then . 
   11 % of spain 's gdp comes from tourism . 
  which means 89 % doesn \u00b4 t. 
  and while tourism might benefit as well people who are not the only ones directly involved , all this is about if they benefit and how much against the problems tourism does .
