  the free ehic card does not entitle you to free healthcare , just to healthcare on the same cost plan as for nationals . 
  when i get a new one , i add its expiry date to my phone calendar , and just stick it in my wallet . 
  if you got a social security website login it literally takes 1 minute to renew it , and it arrives in the mail in about 2 weeks . 
  btw this is not free healthcare - you just pay the same as natives of the other country where you receive the care , and if it is more than in your country , you can pick the receipts and ask for reimbursement later in your country . 
   my cat of 22 years died :( my sympathies . 
  22 is an amazing age for a cat , and a great loss for their human . 
   - this week has also been cold and wet . 
  you guys , my sympathies . 
  the weirdest thing to me is how nasty , small , stony , cement walls the beach is . 
  first , 1000 entourage is not all going to fit in there , even 100 . 
  if the king of saudi arabia can bribe french authorities to close a beach for him and travel an entourage of a 1000 , can \u00b4 t he buy a decent island , in the aegean or caribbean ? 
  that is a pitiful excuse for a beach . 
  ask them , not me . 
  this is not the best place to make lots of money , particularly in wages , not sure if worse than poland or the czech republic but it \u00b4 s actually a really nice place to live . 
  in winter , spring , summer , and autumn . 
  those are arguably the only european countries with a transcontinental empire , or at least one with large demographics , within living memory . 
  spain , dunno , western sahara ? 
  i don \u00b4 t believe it about portugal anyway . 
  brasil is surely the country with more residents in portugal and then cabo verde . 
  according to 2014 data ukraine , china and romania also ahead of angola http://sefstat.sef.pt/docs/rifa_2014.pdf page 10, 
  for the sake of iberian lynx !, 
  come on , look at them , the iberian lynx https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:iberian_lynx_cubs_investigate_their_future_prey_ ( european_rabbit ) . jpg http://oplanetaquetemos.blogspot.pt/2009/09/o-lince-iberico-regressa-portugal.html let no man interfere . 
  iberian lynx versus domestic cat , fair fight . 
  domestic predator animals , well fed healthy ones should not be out in the wild anyway , or wild enough they might encounter a lynx . 
  the lynx are apex predators , of their own kind in their environment . 
  apex predators are very important . 
  also they survived , they evolved through millions of years . 
  right now their survival on their own needs a little help , but in 200 years , in 2000 years , nevermind much past that we don \u00b4 t know if they still existing will not fulfill some important environmental role . 
  which is possible - the roads are a problem but the demographics in their area are getting more deserted , the rabbit hemorrhagic fever will soon breed rabbits immune to it and they will need a predator . 
  plus you know , something which evolved through millions of years , and goes extinct , dead , in our watch , is sad . 
  iberian lynx is smaller , noticeably smaller than eurasian lynx . 
  different species . 
  not the lynx you were looking for . 
  they are so associal , such finicky eaters , i got some difficulty imagining an iberian lynx actually looking for dozens of cats to kill them . 
  and if it did , fuck , the world has millions of cats . 
  if domestic cat could be a diet ingredient for iberian lynx , yay , just buy some from australia or something . 
  they are getting extinct because they are some of the fussiest eaters ever , which is not a good survival ~ ~ extinct ~ ~ instinct , and there is an hemorrhagic disease decimating their preferred food source , as well as habitats getting more sparse - notice how roads are an important mortality rate . 
  also they seem to not like each other very much , going by a non breeding zoo pair , and how not unusual it is for cubs to kill other cubs . 
  it \u00b4 s not the most iberian thing - they are way too fussy eaters for that . 
  the lisbon zoo has a couple ( retired from the breeding program ) - they will eat rabbit and i think quail . 
  they will not touch chicken , beef or sacrilege , pork . 
  they were trying to get them to eat partridge . 
  otoh this one , should be nominated for portuguese of the year  http://www.publico.pt/ecosfera/noticia/kahn-o-lince-iberico-fez-mais-de-500-quilometros-para-regressar-a-portugal-1698139 and apparently been eating other rodents and even deer , which is hopeful !, 
  that is indeed the better series , your link is much better than the random ones i linked to . 
  and weird how apart from one , cunha \u00b4 s series is so much better than gageiro \u00b4 s. 
  and if you mentioned cunha , another iconic one , and for once not from 25 de abril , http://malomil.blogspot.pt/2013/04/ha28-anos-alfredo-cunha-fotografou-esta.html the lady with the premature twins in rua do carmo , from the imf bailout before this one , 1985, 
  that is a pretty good one , and very iconic , with the carnations , but it \u00b4 s a bit more casual , did not know which to pikc - and then there are the megaphones ones which are also very iconic ( edit for grammar and to add link ) http://4.fotos.web.sapo.io/i/ofc14fd59/18306414_wckdv.jpeg the mural in avenida de berna seems based on the one i linked to first , and that is the one i ended up thinking stronger , maybe . 
  yes , that is rua do arsenal , looking from corpo santo towards terreiro do pa\u00e7o , with pra\u00e7a do municipio that open space in the left , and the entrance to the arsenal da marinha on the right . 
  the color photo links doesn \u00b4 t work , facebook login wall i think . 
  but there is lots from that day , difficult is picking just one or finding anything else close to as iconic as that day . 
  the bbc did an article on it http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33268521 and it \u00b4 s still not understandable . 
  the date of the photo will be easy , 25th april 1974 . which individual photo will be harder , maybe one of the versions of salgueiro maia with or without a megaphone on largo do carmo . 
  maybe this one http://static.publico.pt/imagens/salgueiro.jpg i personally love this one , or the ones in the same roll http://fotos.sapo.pt/3ffsz8ldr4tguc3mqtgz/, 
   of course it feels better . 
  yes , and so baths , and a choice of foods , and transport options . 
  it is making cities warmer , of course ( unless , you are using it to heat in winter , in which case it might be refrigerating the outside ) . 
   i was n't disputing whether people like it or not . 
  no , just if we needed it . 
  we do not actually * need * a lot of things , including reddit , computers and so on . 
  and arguably the debilitated do need , at least a chance to rest ( old churches can be good but not as good ) or to be transported in air conditioning where they need to go . 
   because i 've never had air-conditioning - and i 'm fine . 
  and that is good for you . 
  not sure if you find it in buses , or pharmacies , or schools or hospitals or when shopping or stuff like that - all of that makes it more bearable . 
  and if we had to quit using , i am sure almost all of us would survive , ignoring some heat exposure accidents and mortality peaks during heatwaves . 
  but me , now that we have it in cars , offices , shopping malls , waiting rooms , i think air conditioning is pretty important . 
  and we don \u00b4 t need cars either , and we don \u00b4 t need washing machines , and we don \u00b4 t need to heat bathing water either . 
  and people managing before the 20th century , of course they did !, 
  not sure if you got mortality rates from heatwaves before the 20th century to compare with now , particularly when taking into account different age groups . 
  but the heat might not kill the young and fit , but it certainly kills those vulnerable . 
  i am old enough to remember summers and we had the blinds , the insulation and not in a city . 
  i remember very well , thank you . 
  i actually remember having classes and taking exams in pr\u00e9-fabricados buildings . 
  i remember long car or bus trips in 40 degrees weather and actually needing to plan your life around it . 
  i will take the ac - not always , and not too cold . 
  i have no idea what those numbers mean . 
  i agree yes , it \u00b4 s nightime temperatures which make heatwaves so exausting . 
  and if you have ac , even if you can manage without it , well people can also manage without washing machines or even fridges.it does not mean i should want to manage without . 
  well , i don \u00b4 t , it \u00b4 s perfectly survivable without it . 
  it \u00b4 s not really something on which i have thought enough to have a favorite . 
  favorite military march ? 
  why should i have one ? 
  people who sneer at air conditioning , is probably because they don \u00b4 t really need it . 
  which is great for them . 
  air conditioning is making this summer so much more bearable . 
  you northerners do it your own way others will do it their own way . . 
   i believe they have only issued a couple thousand , i highly doubt this is a cause for house prices in lisbon to go up significantly . 
  2000 homes on the  500 thousand range ( or close to it , the scandal was about that , corrupt officials buying homes and reselling it for above that value ) and they will want it in the lisbon area , it \u00b4 s not insignificant for that part of the market . 
  it \u00b4 s not the only factor , there is also tourism ( airbnb ! ), 
  but the lisbon ( and i think porto as well ) real estate ** is ** heading up noticeably , first time in 6 years . 
   a if you think galician is a variant of portuguese then okay . 
  as much as valencian/catalan or as little as valencian/catalan sure . 
  the eu parliament accepted so . 
  a lot of linguists think so , for example that famous animated map https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:linguistic_map_southwestern_europe.gif there is no fucking way catalan is more an important , has more native and second language speakers in europe than portuguese . 
  if they are counting balearic , valencian to pad up the number of catalan speakers , then you have to count galician as well as the same language as portuguese . 
  same type of differences . 
  and as what i quoted shows , the eu parliament accepts galician as a variant as portuguese and was replying to somebody addressing precisely catalan as a eu parliament language . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of disrespectful of catalans to feel the need to put down portugal in order to hype themselves up . 
  doesn \u00b4 t it feel familiar ? 
  lol . 
   why is my language not official in the eu when more people speaks it than portuguese , danish or swedish ?
