  sure but only the new president can call them , and the new president can only be inaugurated in march at the earliest . 
  and then the 60 days warning for new elections , no elections before the week of the 10th of june probably which is actually a traditional time for elections . 
  no it is not . 
  because they just do not ship a lot of things to other eu countries , nor do they offer same shipping costs or shipping discounts . 
  you might get free shipping on your electronics if buying from germany on german amazon but if buying from poland on any amazon you might not get free shipping or even be able to buy those electronics even if they are shipping from poland . 
  what about having a clue about how stuff works in europe before commenting ? 
   if it 's not , give it time . 
  portugal \u00b4 s national motto in the last few years , almost could have been `` we are not greece '' . 
  and we are not , really , truly deeply , a totally different mindset , portuguese are far more cynical about political process for example and in many small ways which make for a very different society . 
  and anyway imo anything is far from certain , because ps looks to me to be truly divided and is not a matter of antonio costa being able to hold is as a single unit while it deals and tries to become pm . 
  there are the seguristas , there are the open candidacies to become secretary general ( and if costa becomes pm , which is far from certain , and somebody housts him from secretary general in january , what then ? 
  ) , there is the presidencial candidates issue , there is the azores possibly splintering off ... 
  `` came to us '' . 
  past tense . 
  hungarians did as well . 
  at about the same time give ornate a century . 
  711 and all that . 
  if about 2015 it 's not about islam necessarily it is about some people from muslim countries , some from africa , some from the balkans and much more about economics and resources than religion . 
  or invasion in the same way than circa 711 in the iberian peninsula and danube valley area, 
   the magyar tribes that invaded came in relatively small numbers . 
  while they managed to impose their language and some other aspects of their culture , they were eventually absorbed into the native population . 
  muslims as well . 
  small numbers , not much genetic impact on underneath genetics . 
  and they did not even managed to make their language stick anywhere ( except maybe malta ) . 
  so it takes some nerve for descendants of some non european invaders at the same time as islam to have no awareness of irony . 
  and no do not make this about religion , christianity never mind islam is kind of recent in the scale of european history ( some local cities have been hating each other for longer than that . 
  some fairs and traditions nobody knows how old they are ), 
  sorry :( but france said so !, 
   `` islam has never been part of europe , it came to us , didn \u00b4 t hungarians as well ? 
  a little bit later or around the same time as islam . 
  kind of like in portugal , but a bit stricter here . 
  but only for children both to exclusively portuguese parents . 
  if one of the parents holds any other nationality practically anything goes , though maybe nutella or mj would be contested here . 
  this was meant as tolerant , open thing but it kind of works , if a child has an `` impossible '' name , the child is automatically marked as being foreign . 
  i know some middle class well educated brazillians , one of them actually holds portuguese nationality through ancestry . 
  they picked names for their children which are impossible for portuguese children , and in one case confusing spelling because the consonant they decided to add makes it a name in another language pronounced differently . 
  and then they complain that in the school , the other parents and they teachers seemed to consider the kid brazillian foremost - not in any important way but just casually in conversation . 
  and they never got a clue about the name they picked being read as a sign . 
   i guess the problem is that they come from syria where it is warm all the time , that is nonsense https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/damascus#climate damascus \u00b4 s winters seem pretty harsh to me ( and their summers horrible ) and very comparable , in my opinion , to amsterdam \u00b4 s winters https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amsterdam#climate humidity might be an issue , as might be depressing short days , but saying syria is warm all the time is just nonsense . 
  i think the complaints in the article are a very mixed bag . 
  somethings are `` tough it out '' , some are `` think of a solution yourself '' ( like working an arrangement with roommates for an hour of privacy ) , but having adequate bedclothes is difficult to judge from photos of day clothing and something i would take on faith . 
  ffs just ask caritas or something for extra blankets , or sleeping bags or something . 
  caritas is very very good at collecting and distributing these things . 
   why did the portuguese empire do so badly ? 
  it did ? 
  shocking but what about waiting a few weeks , or maybe even a few months , heck years , to take conclusion if a foreign policy intervention was wise or not ? 
  the propaganda force can be very very strong at the start ... 
  not last sunday , it wasn \u00b4 t. 
  and hurricane joaquin , or at least its leftovers is heading east , now currently on the azores and supposed to make its way , maybe , to the mainland on the weekend . 
  it figures , gorgeous over the week , it only gets bad on the weekends . 
  typical . 
  poor me ... 
   but on the other hand , sintra is just a crazy cool place , if you can get a bus there , do it . 
  the best method imo , particularly on weekends or very busy periods ( easter , august ) is take the train to sintra , and in sintra get the drop on drop off bus ticket . 
  you can \u00b4 t park close to some places anyway . 
   the palaces in that place are fucking nuts , it 's a `` what if you had all the gold from brazil and 100 years and nothing else to spend your money on '' kind of place . 
  not really , a lot of the palaces are from before or after the brazil gold ( pena definetely after , village palace much older than discovery of brazil ) , or just plain private property , regaleira and monserrate are from wealthy merchants and not really related to brazil or anything . 
  monserrate guy was a fabric merchant . 
  same here , though i think only lisbonand maybe porto qualifies as big to have multiple choices . 
   it 's to drive all over portugal with ease . 
  sure . 
  but to rent a car specifically to go to sintra is a bad idea . 
  rent after going there if possible or if you got your heart set on cabo da roca or the guincho road or something . 
   also , renting a car is n't that expensive . 
  it 's worth the cost . 
  good for you . 
  for anybody budgeting , worth checking the costs of the train plus tourist on-off bus and compare with car , gas and parking . 
  it sounds like you lucked out on traffic and parking as well . 
  you should see some weekends or holidays . 
  and that is my advice as a local . 
  good for you . 
  i really don \u00b4 t advise it , particularly to those not familiar with the area or driving manual . 
  and parking can be impossible in the center . 
  you can drive to the places outside where you got parking lots like capuchos and monserrate and leave the car in pena palace park , but still stupidly expensive compared to the bus and you would need the same buses anyway for things like up to pena , regaleira and the village palace , as well as the village center . 
  driving to sintra is a really bad idea imo . 
  ic19 is a mess and parking in sintra is expensive or complicated , nevermind how challenging some of those streets can be for drivers not to used to very narrow , very steep lanes . 
  particularly if you are not used to drive gear shift . 
  go , but just take the train . 
  it \u00b4 s what 3 euros or something . 
   if there is another side to the story , i am all ears . 
  i think the problem is the norwegian ( and other \u00b4 s ) child protection services are not allowed to tell their side of the story . 
  as mentioned above , and as is usual here as well . 
  unless a newspaper gets access to court files ( which they are not supposed to ) usually you only get the parent \u00b4 s story . 
  except of course when the story hits the papers from the other side and then we wonder why did not do anything . 
  and you more !, 
  and you much more !, 
  now was n't that helpful calling people names ? 
  not everybody has to be enthused about a particular demographic change to where they live , not all changes are good . 
  there are critical points of hipness . 
  but guess what my city my experience my life and my right to have an opinion . 
   it told people that it 's not normal for a doctor to say give me $ 1000 or i 'll let your kid die . 
  it \u00b4 s not . 
  absolutely not and they should not even be doctors if they are able to say that . 
  thanks for the explanation , it \u00b4 s really different , and interesting to hear why . 
   and portugal still does n't seem to have that momentum . 
  i fucking hope so . 
  not here . 
  go away all of you . 
  foreigners , both tourists and residents are increasing way too fast , and if any , we want rich retirees with pensions over moneyless squatters . 
  and no easy jobs for foreigners here , at least none which will allow for a first world easy life .
