  spain ... are you guys down there okay ? 
  i was in ireland a couple of weeks ago , and i got burned hard . 
  well at least i do n't get shot in the usa . 
  it is time to listen to sime eurobeat !, 
  one is an opinion , the other says it is a newspaper . 
  hey , when its all to bad , come over and have a litle tour of europe , 
  not you and me , lad . 
  but there was such an imense amount of nastiness coming from parts of your lovely islands , that alot of us ( inclusding me ) were not too pleased about that treatment . 
  i mean , i was called a fashist . 
  given , that person could not find a fashist if left alone in the nuremburg trials , but still . 
  that he probably does not live in germany ? 
  and if , probably does not defy the dead in public ? 
  dude , these are not semantics . 
  seriously : hey , lets have different economic model is not the same thing as killing people because they look `` wrong '' . 
  did you drink diesel or something ? 
  edit : kiling people becasue of their opinions , is horrific , but absolutly something different than killing people because of their ph\u00e4notypical characteristics . 
  one of these thinks you can choose and change , the other not . 
  it is , absolutly not the same thing . 
  if the strawman leftist does that in a degrading way , he will be prosecuted too . 
  also , is your argument that if the law once fails to do equal justice , we should eliminate it ? 
  compared to which country ? 
  and what part of the us ? 
  i think nealry the whole of europe is better , with social and health care systems . 
  even good parts of asia are better than some of the bad parts of the us . 
  come on man , you sound like you might want to look a little bit closer to the dark parts of the us . 
  not htat they are evil , but they have big chunk of problems . 
  americans can not express all their harmfull ideas . 
  try to start preaching on an american street that everyone should become muslim , fight for isis and blow up the white house . 
  lets see how free you are after a couple of minutes . 
  seriously , that is like saying there is no group of people excempt of basic human rights . 
  hello , gunatanamo anyone ? 
  for a matter of fact , their are historians who argued about the numbers of the dead in the holocausts . 
  it is thanks to hem , that the modern number of estimated 6 million exists today . 
  just a little sidenote . 
  well , first of all , you can not just cry `` my dignity was offended '' . 
  its way more complex than that . 
  and it is pretty clearly defined , what violates your dignity and what not . 
  and secondly , are you sure about this :  there is not much value in the human dignity as there is in the free speech . 
  i mean , okay . 
  enjoy your freedom of speech while i torture you to death , my friend . 
  i do n't think that he has the ability , nor the will to think about the issue clearly . 
  he just spouts what he thinks is right , and is not able to conceive both sides of the argument . 
  are you two done with your circlejerk ? 
  where did anyone of us tell you what to do or not to do ? 
  did you guys know this interesting thing called souvereignity . 
  it means we can do what the fuck we want in our own country . 
  that bavarian up there just said , that we do n't want that over here . 
  also , maybe you guys should engage more with the argument , than just ridicule him . 
  these comments where fucking useless . 
  as interesting and easy to understand the theory is , i always find it waaaaaaay to undercomplex to serve well in reality . 
  right and left wing are not realy a thing , when you look at it . 
  one can abosulty have socialistic economic views , and hate all the brown people . 
  to be exact , the nazis in germany where national socialists . 
  what on the other hand , do n't mean that all socialists want to kill jews , because , well there is a `` small difference '' in their political views . 
  however , it is absolutly true , that people who have extreme views , tend to take on new extreme views . 
  by the way : it always strikes me , that in a world as complex and gigantic as ours , we subdivide the question `` how do we want to live '' into two poles . 
  right wing and left wing . 
  i mean , my cheese/sausage/butter bread is more complex than that . 
  also , have nice day . 
  soo ... now that the guy was form hungary , you do n't critisize the alleged lack of freedom of speech anymore ? 
  hah , nice one . 
  for you guys , you could try to get an english translation or trust us in this one . 
  the source of this article is the police of berlin btw . 
  hey man , think a moment about your argument , and how you could easily exploit it , if their would be no consequenze for your words in public . 
  so you argue i should be able to say open on facebook , that i really would like to blow up the local children hospital and poison the water . 
  you know , because i love isis . 
  but hey , do n't you guys come over here and take me into custody , i am just a normal citizen with free speech . 
  thought police !, 
  thought police !, 
  or even better , i will not say anything like that . 
  i will just say , that it would be a really great thing , if someone would go and kill all the irish . 
  i do n't care how , or when , just do it . 
  they are despicable , no one needs them and they are just a blight . 
  so , maybe use a nuclear bomb , or just knife them to death whenever you can . 
  what ? 
  why is there police on my door ? 
  i am just expressing my wishes !, 
  dude , come on , just think for a moment about your argument . 
  it is a threat . 
  you know , their is a term that a certain group of people loved to name others . 
  its `` volksverr\u00e4ter '' , and means `` traitor to the people '' . 
  so , where is the problem ? 
  well , these `` traitors '' had been killed in horrific ways in the third reich , and calling someone this , is a direct thread to not ony their lives , but also their families . 
  it would be , as if i would call you a turcroach , putting you on the same rank of insects . 
  and you know what we do with insects , right ? 
  we exterminate them . 
  it is probably because of our history , that we are so sharp on these things , but on the other hand , one could say it is only logical and efficent , to either not call people these names , or to act the intentions to the very end . 
  edit : grammar, 
  you may want to see and think about the counterargument here , before you come to a conclusion . 
  their are certain basic rights who never can or never should be taken away from you . 
  however , sometimes these freedoms clash . 
  the first paragraph in the german constitution is `` the dignity of man is inviolable . '', 
  this is a direct result from the atrocities of wwii . 
  it is not a mistake that this law is the very first article . 
  if your right of free speech collides with the right of human dignity , things get messy . 
  that does n't mean you can run around and cry foul because someone was mean to you , but the denial of the holocaust , especialy when poorly done , is a prime example for violating the dignity of a whole rligious and ethnic group . 
  so , can you go aroung calling people assholes ? 
  yes you can . 
  can you do a march with swastika flags through the jewish part of twon ? 
  not that you would survive that shit in germany anyway without police protection .
