  or do you see any germans running around screaming : `` germany land of the peacefull ! '', 
  hey that was our plan !, 
  shush , gof ind yourself another nice sunny country . 
  oh and greece is also ours !, 
  then why not come over ? 
  you speak english , which is a very good start . 
  of course , you will need to learn another languange , but that is absolutly possible . 
  it is not that hard to become a european citizen . 
  do n't send im to the balkans !, 
  not there !, 
  oh , we have our squabbles . 
  ( if this damn danish on the other side of the road starts singing in his crazy languange angain , i will go full 1848 at him ! ), 
  so , from where are you ? 
  guess we have enough love for you too ^ ^ . 
  i think i can see your argument , but saying :  i hate children , those pieces of shit , they infest that shitty building run by pedo nurses would not be illegal by that law . 
  because you did not degrade their value as human beeings . 
  saying however : `` children are subhuman . 
  they are insects , crawling like little shits and we should deal with them accordingly '' would be . 
  well thankyou fucking too mate . 
  have a nice fucking day !, 
  i fear that you lack some of the needed context . 
  there had been some protest in germany in the last years , where bascily some heavy righ wingger called everyone who did not agree with them ( killing and thronwing out all the muslims , etc. ), 
  `` volksverr\u00e4ter '' and made it very clear what their fate would be . 
  also , saying heil hitler , is wishing the return and victory of basicly fashism , which again is basicly a pretty heavy threat . 
  and wat , are you realy saying that i should be able to say them we should exterminate all the russians , but not be able to call you an asshole ? 
  free speech my ass man . 
  and there is pretty big mistake that you make : we do n't care for what the spanish did . 
  it is not our matter who they massacred and ow they want to dela with that historical baggage . 
  but we can decide how to deal with our own . 
  show me a single instance where germany called for other states to deal with this kind of problem the way we do . 
  also : lisa jumped out of the window , so i should absolutly do that too ? 
  teaching me about ad hominem , and then ciritsizing me because i used a term wrong . 
  lol . 
  as i said , you do n't have the ability nor the will . 
  also , this is not ad hominem . 
  i am really afraid that you do n't have the mental capacity . 
  which is okay . 
  no need to overtax you . 
  it would not help anyone of us . 
  i am afraid you do n't listen , do n't you . 
  of course you can mock it , no one denied that to you . 
  ( you seem to be a little bit paranoid about that , maybe talk to a doctor . ), 
  however , he tried to have a friendly and constructive discussion with you , and you guys basicly started to act as entitled little pricks . 
  of course oyu can do that , but that does n't mean it is in any way helpfull or has to be respected . 
  also , where did you saw me ? 
  pls give me a source . 
  you are one of theese guys . 
  have some nice nightmares of evil germans conquering the world . 
  i 'll get myself a beer . 
  people got harassed and destroyed by the gouverment before in the history of the us . 
  just one example : mccarthyism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mccarthyism#blacklists or another example :  one of the major governmental abuses denounced by the 1976 final report of the church committee was the fbi 's domestic counter intelligence programs ( cointelpro ) . 
  under that program , the fbi targeted political groups and individuals it deemed subversive and dangerous - including civil rights activists ( such as the naacp and martin luther king ) , black nationalist movements , socialist and communist organizations , anti-war protesters , and various right-wing groups - and infiltrated them with agents who , among other things , attempted to manipulate members into agreeing to commit criminal acts so that the fbi could arrest and prosecute them . 
  source : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/mar/19/preemptive-prosecution-muslims-cointelpro also , how is beeing kidnapped to guantanamo without rights okay ? 
  are n't people free in the us , are n't they ? 
  i have to suffer for my sins . 
  okay , then let me try to explain it to you in a longer way . 
  when you call someone , or even better , a whole group of people insects , then you degrade them from beeing humans . 
  not only that , you make it pretty clear to your listeners , what we have to do with these people . 
  they are insects , and we exterminate insects . 
  also , a very important point is , that you lower them to subhumans . 
  and subhumans do not have the rights that humans have . 
  all these laws that shal protect people from torture and violance , are now longer in effect for these people . 
  you might want to say , that this is a ridicoulus chain of meanings i build here , but unfortunatley , this is exactly how the nazis worked and argumentated . 
  and not only them . 
  the strategy to lower the `` enemy '' down to subhuman level through speech to then later justify their killing is a pretty often and common used concept . 
  and maybe it has something to do with the german mentality . 
  which in this case means , going thorugh with things to the bitter end . 
  you do n't start and never finish something . 
  that is heavily looked down upon them . 
  so the saying that you need to go the bitter end with your thought when you call someone an insect is probably influenced by this . 
  there is no middle ground in this . 
  when you call someone an insect , you should also be ready to exterminate him and his family , or just shut your mouth . 
  calling someone something -  intend to treat him like that something . 
  zis is deutschland here . 
  of kourse zere are regulationz !, 
  that makes a great quote !, 
  maybe i am missunderstanding you , but how is beeing brought to guantanamo not beeing prosecuted by the state ? 
  also , i am absolutly sure , you would be prosecuted by the state if you would spread the word of isis in the street . 
  people have been prosectued and destroyed by the state in the us for their speech . 
  25 over here . 
  what is it for you ? 
   but the term has been applied a lot to idiots who have been trying to rewrite the ` popular narrative ' with their own inevitably agenda-driven bullshit . 
  i feel you . 
  it happens all to often that words get coined a new with often completly wrong and negative conotation . 
  however , i think this is just the way languange evolves , and the only way is to smith a new term that means what you want . 
  as long as people know what it means , and you make a clear distinction what it is and what not . 
  when i tlak about it this way , words appear to me like a tool you create , and that serves you until you loose it or it breaks , 
  i am afraid you are wrong on that . 
  loose parts who can be swallowed are not something you can fix with a sticker . 
  read the articel . 
  basicly these were badly made cheap chinese imports who violated regulations . 
  but that is not hte point , because people hate these things . 
  do n't ask me why , i guess thats just the way things are . 
  beyblade was the shit though !, 
  we always put in our alss the char in a way together to form a little arena , and then we all spinned our beyblades into it . 
  it was completly stupid entertainment , the best kind of entertainment . 
  if some one knows how to crush someting out of existence ... 
  i mean we germans know a good winter , but imagine some winterhardened russians to step out into 40 \u00b0 is great picture . 
  did you start to melt ? 
  and how does your vodka blood react to that kind of heat ?
