  i do n't know to much about japan , but just from looking at the map , i would guess anti air and anti sea missile systems , also a quick reaction force to attack landing operations . 
  although i do n't know if it is a good strategy to just defend . 
  hey greetings from germany , how is the weather on the islands ? 
  i do n't know if you are right with germany having a more potent force . 
  our military is at the moment in the same bad condition as yours , and we also have a clause in the constitution that the army can only be used for defensive actions . 
  which created some hilarious situations when we went into afghanistan . 
  `` we are not at war , this is a robust peace mission '' :d i think germany has it a little bit more easy because we do n't have a big huge china in front of our doorstep . 
  probably pretty bad . 
  the germans got the job of holding the north of afghanistan and did a pretty good job at it as it seems . 
  the population seemed to at least do n't mind them in the end , and after a bigger offensive by taliban forces , secret services reported nearly all enemy forces were wiped out . 
  however , the north was a cakewalk in comparison to the other regions . 
  the g36 thing is a little bit more complicated . 
  the whole equipment was designed for defense purposes , so the mid european climate and with the russians as the enemy in mind . 
  form what i understood , you fight such troops differently than resistance fighters , and then there is the fact that afghanistan is a little bit different form germany , you know , all the heat and sand and shit . 
  on all the things ^ ^ . 
  at the moment , they spend a lot to get old equipment back into action . 
  depending on category , only 30 to 70 % of all weapon systems are ready . 
  but they also start to buy new weapons , modernise `` old '' units , and get more personal to increase the abilities of the units , mainly in the support units . 
  ( at the moment , they ca n't repair all the damages that the equipment suffers in mali ) . 
  so , more engineers , computer specialists etc. 
  they also started contracts on multiple research projects , and want to get a new series of rifles for the army , because they are unsatisfied with the g36 . 
  please note , spending can shift . 
  it is way more expensive to get something rolling , so when the repais are done , they can use the budget differently . 
  at the moment there are no plans for an increasing the number of troops , but recruiting is hard enough at the moment . 
  maybe i have the wrong outlook on this , but in comparison to the past , the protest was pretty small . 
  where were the big debates in tv and newspapers ? 
  where were the millions of people all around the republic going through the streets ? 
  more people went up back when they protested against nuclear energy . 
  i have a friend who works for a german civil peace agency , and they seem to go crazy about the lack of public support . 
  i do n't know if it 's unreasonable . 
  that 's the thing . 
  i assume that most people feel the same like me . 
  if we spend even more money , ( and we kinda must , if we want to give the 2 % for nato ) we then would have the most expensive army on the continent by far , exceeding russia . 
  our history has left marks , and many of us ( including me ) are unsure if we want to participate more . 
  some german philosophers said , that germany crawled back into its snailhouse after wwii . 
  and you know what , it is pretty cushy in here . 
  can the big bad world not stay out ? 
  thankyou for adding to my comment . 
  he is right , the army struggles to get recruits . 
   this sounds like a pro military move , but it was actually not and happened out of necessity . 
  i do n't know if i agree with you that changing the conscription was just a thing of necessity . 
  the defense ministry makes a constant effort to move the army into a direction where it can be more and more deployed in foreign countries . 
  you can not use conscripts for that . 
  i at least , read it as a move to make the army more able to act in enemy territory . 
  also , you change the kind of soldiers you have in the army , from civilians doing their duty , to full committed soldiers . 
  however , things like this never have just one reason , but mostly there are multiple reasons . 
  i also would argue that the equipment the army now gets , is more designed for action in foreign countries . 
  also , germany heavily pushes for a military drone program . 
  i think you make one mistake : you describe the now . 
  but if you look at the past , not only has the ability of the army to act steadily increased ( the problems we now see in it , were even worse back then ) , and public resistance has strongly decreased . 
  if this stays this way , we will see change . 
  a good friend of mine works for an important group in the peace movement , and they seem to get crazy about the fact that the public is not getting angry . 
  when it comes to nato , i agree with you , that germany must fullfill its responsibility , although there are a couple of problems with that argument . 
  first , even with that increase , we are not at 2 % . 
  we would need to increase it probably for about 20 more billion , because our economy is growing so strongly . 
  second , the 2 % were always a recommendation , not a clear commitment . 
  third , we will then have the most expansive army on the continent by far . 
  not everybody will be happy about that . 
  and to the last , it does n't really matter what was the reason that you got an big army . 
  it only matters , that you have one . 
  and why then not use it ? 
  what do you think ? 
  it is . 
  although it still would be under the 2 % . 
  if we would go up there , it would be somewhere around 70 to 80 billions . 
  i am not really sure what we are gon na do with such an army . 
  although it will probably need multiple years until it is ready . 
  i do n't know if i understand correctly , but is n't she then head of the government and can get france out of the eu ? 
  britain did not ask their government either . 
  unfortunately i never visited portugal , i got once to madrid , but these evil spanish people stopped me there with all their delicious food and beer and wine . 
  i will need to visit portugal at some point . 
  thank you for the insight into your politics . 
  do you guys have an winner takes it all system , or how can it happen that a party gets over 51 % ? 
  this is germany , he was shot on the spot by his colleagues . 
  you are not alone !, 
  i agree , but is n't this world already insane ? 
  i mean , a guy just bombed the bvb to earn some money and to blame it then on isis . 
  i think there is a misunderstanding . 
  first of all , when i spoke about `` the shit '' i meant the wars between france and germany , the 30 years war in germany , the 7 year war , the 100 year war , the three unification wars of germany , the first world war , the second world war , the napoleonic wars ... do i have to keep going ? 
  oh , i forgot about the roman wars ... 
  i am also a little bit confused . 
  is europe not a great place at the moment ? 
  we lead in science and economics all around the world . 
  we put are about a quarter of the whole worlds science output . 
  it is here , where things like nuclear test reactor are located and the c.e.r.n. 
  it is us , who has some of the best equipment when it comes to astrology . 
  so i ca n't see your argument that we have no science atm . 
  also the place is full with cultural events . 
  when it comes to the empire part , i have to say i could not care less . 
  why would i be happy , if my government controls some people far away from me ? 
  i want peace with these people , and maybe trade and visit them . 
  that 's all . 
  given how many atrocities these empires did , i am glad that they are dead . 
  so yeah , while i do n't think that the old europe was evil or something , i do believe that our modern way is better , and that we should not long for some kind of old dream , because we could back then die glorious for the kaiser . 
  you know , i just live on the other side of the border , could you maybe saber someone else ? 
  i mean , this is kinda like in the old days , when europe was a bunch of tribes . 
  now that i think about it , we still are . 
  well it worked until poland ... 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry . 
  please do n't think that we all are this way .
