what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  do you even read what i am writing you ? 
  where did i say that goethe is just about language , what has his work or any of this to do with `` german sentiments '' , ( what do you even mean by that ? 
  the right of a group of people to govern themself and give themself rules , even if you personally do n't agree with them ? ), 
  and where we are at that , how about you tell me where goethe said these things . 
  do n't pull them out of your ass . 
  and last but not least , how has he any , in any way , meaningful in this . 
  the man was a poet . 
  is beethoven now a figure witch political views we have to give extra weight because he made good music ? 
  do you even have logic , or is just in very expansive where you live ? 
  i am puzzled by your answer , as that i think i am answering your questions . 
  threads are not covered by free speach . 
  heil hitler is a thread to people of darker skin , not aryan people , most of the population eastern of the wolga , challenged people no one forbids praising hitler . 
  its forbidden to use heil hitler . 
  the difference lies within the languange , and it is hart to explain that to someone who is not fluent in german . 
  i try to politely explain an argument to you , and you start to throw insults . 
  do i need to say anything else ? 
  man , you need to get your head out of your own ass and not start to cry immediately like a little bitch as soon as someone challenges your worldview . 
  go suck some american freedom lollies . 
  so you attacked me , because two completely different human beings attacked you . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  no really . 
  especially when you say tit for tat . 
  wow , i am astonished . 
  you cry about that people attack you based on your nationality , and then do it yourself . 
  great . 
  you might be wondering , but i never said anything about your nation . 
  i just believe that you are a stupid individual . 
  your home country has nothing to do with that . 
  although some better lead control might have prevented your sorry state . 
  hey , i just came back to reddit and saw your reply - i am afraid you misunderstood me . 
  it seems you misunderstood what i tried to tell you , because you answered in a philosophical level which has nothing to do what said . 
  goethe never argued about what i was saying . 
  ( i have read faust in the original , thank you very much ) . 
  this is not about the perception of the perception by the individual vs the perception of the individual by the group . 
  so , in very easy , basic terms : free speech does not give you the right to threaten people . 
  saying `` i will kill you and rape your family '' is not okay . 
  calling a whole group insects is perception as a threat , because you exterminate insects , and that is what you intent to do with this group when you say this . 
  to say that dehumanization is not effective is just wrong . 
  i wished you were right , but looking at history , it is a very effective and successful tool with which you can turn the masses against people , so the real killers can get to work . 
  to say it in oyur own words : read adolf eichmann , for fuck sake . 
  ( adolf eichmann was the main organisator for the railways of the holocaust . 
  a man , who absolutly knew what was beeing transported and what would happen to the `` material '' how he called it . 
  he found pride in how effective he made the system . 
  the interviews with him are a material that lets you turn your stomach . ), 
  i know some time past since you asked that , but i will still answer : first of all , you need to pick a country in which you want to immigrate . 
  once you managed to become a citizen of this country , you are also a citizen of the european union . 
  of course it is not easy to just immigrate and get citizenship , b ut it is absolutly possible . 
  you will need to do a lot of learning and research . 
  the rest can tell google to you . 
  every country has a ministry for immigration , where you can get everything you need . 
  basicly just google `` immigrating to ` countryname ' '', 
  had the same thought . 
  hm , how about ... `` more flags less caskets ! '', 
  the nerd in me wants to tell you , that thats always a good sign that you have a madman in power . 
  there was this strange idea , that because the germanic culture had not have produced `` good ruins '' that that was a sign of weakness . 
  priorities , people had better shit to do then building huge stonebuildings in an area full of marsh , hills and forest . 
  it gives you an idea how important that stuff was for the nazis . 
  the whole idea of being superior , and the constant need to make that clear to others and to yourself is quite disturbing form today 's perspective . 
  not that far away from munich stands one of their old colosseums . 
  they tried to recreate and top the roman one , but it pales in comparison . 
  what stands there , is a strange building , build with black stone , and it lacks any kind of finesse . 
  the funny thing is , when i visited it , i saw some security guards chasing some small children who played hide and seek through the halls . 
  it was a nice , but special contrast to the building itself . 
  that 's not true !, 
  we are just having a break of being mean to each other !, 
  especially these dirty danes ... they ruined everything !, 
  especially denmark !, 
  i studied economy for a while , and if there is one thing that i learned , then that for every economist who has a theory , you will find 3 others who disagree with him . 
  merkel is infamous for gigving you a clear yes/no/maybe / someday/idontfeellikeit/tellmeaboutittomorow . 
  its just how she is . 
  well well well . 
  let a man dream . 
  i know the saying as well , there are even whole theories about it . 
  ( europe the powderceck , why europe is instable due to the way power is distributed ) unfortunately , a quick google search did not give me any clue who said it . 
  well , people cans till get these toys . 
  i even heard an quite positive report about them on the radio . 
  some people beeing hatefull against it wo n't take these toys away from thoose who need or enjoy them . 
  are you sure on that ? 
  hm , maybe i am wrong . 
  thankyou , i will look it up later . 
  but nonetheless : lets crush toys !, 
  muhahahahahaha !, 
  i dare you , my dear sir , to a trial by english combat . 
  let the winner of us feast on the corpse of the fallen , to incorporate his powers . 
  also , coming to the conclusion that because you saw one german making mistakes while using the english languange , that all of them must be bad at it is a great example of why i think you must be mentally chalanged . 
  well , you know how threats are illegal in most countries . 
  i am not allowed to say : `` i am gon na kill you ! '', 
  without consequences . 
  the argument is , that by saying someone is , for example , an insect , you are implying that we deal with him the way we deal with insects . 
  we exterminate them . 
  also , as insects ( they are not anymore humans ) basic human and citizen rights do not apply anymore to them , and we can do to them what ever we want . 
  you might sy thats nonsense , but it is exactly the way the nazis argumentated and justified their actions back in the day . 
  so , this way , calling a whole group of people insects , is a crime , becasue it is a threat to them . 
  i wold not say that this logic is perfect , but i find that it makes way more sense to me . 
  things like the westborow babtist church are just not longer part of an civilian discussion of ideas . 
  you are right . 
  we were not . 
  and you know what the real kicker is ? 
  we never claimed we were .
