  it would be nice to know from where mucharro is , but let at least me tell you , that most people do n't look down at you guys . 
  maybe it is a german thing , but most people over here know how fucked up the whole situation was on the other side of the wall . 
  also , to believe that we give that money we to you to rebuild and develop just out of generosity is naive . 
  it is an investment , maybe one made with good intentions , but still an investment . 
  i agree with you . 
  the whole area between germany and russia is full with possible confrontations and then there are of course groups in ger . 
  and rus . 
  who say that the whole are belongs to one of them . 
  luckily , at least here in ger . 
  they do n't matter right now . 
  to tell someone to `` know his place '' is such an arrogant thing to do . 
  do n't listen to that guy . 
  greetings to romania . 
  do you think so ? 
  how do you guys go about it in portugal ? 
  over here every voice counts , and the parties have to make due with what they have , which always leads to some kind of coalition . 
  i do n't say the process is perfect , but i like it . 
  i hope you are right . 
  and that we then can repair the eu . 
  may i ask , what do you think should be done to better the union ? 
  i think it needs to be reformed , but i am not sure what should be done . 
  i think we might be on to something big here . 
  thank you . 
  i hope you are right . 
  and i hope that we then can repair the eu . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  i am actually glad if someone tells me my mistakes , because then i can get better at the language . 
  so , thank you . 
  i also do n't know how a powder cake would taste like , but i am pretty sure it would blow your mind , 
  maybe i am dramatic , but there are a couple of facts who formed my assessment . 
  from the 5 relevant parties over here in germany , 2 at least call for closer ties to russia away from the west . 
  in the cold war , there were multiple attempts from the udssr to bind west germany to it or to make it neutral . 
  stalin even made the offer that germany could reunite if it would then stay neutral in the conflict . 
  an offer that the german government back then refused , but that is still debated today over here , if that was the right decision . 
  that does n't mean that it will ally itself to russia . 
  however , i do not hear or see any counterarguments against the theory that the imbalance of power in europe creates the tensions . 
  without the eu , the relationships between the single nation states in europe will deteriorate . 
  that can not be denied . 
  also , germany is bigger than anyone of its neighbors and is also pretty paranoid about its position . 
  it was the main thing bismark ( you know , the guy who basically forged the country and is considered by many over here as a kind of national hero ) feared and talked about . 
  and if you will , you can see it in action already . 
  in the french election , it seems to be part of the business to criticize germany , and the british media outlets created a lot of articles who lets one question , if we are still allies . 
  in poland radical antigerman groups are on the rise , and the polish government made it 's opposition very clear , which lead to a lot of people in germany question the money we send to help them develop poland . 
  russia itself has created numerous media outlets in recent years over here who basically push for better relations between germany and russia and that the eu is ungrateful to germany . 
  i hope you are right , but it would be great if you would give me some arguments to believe you , than just that we have a different year . 
  the same nation states that killed so many people in their wars ? 
  i am probably biting the nail on this one , but please tell me , what is so wonderful on these nation states ? 
  they went a lot to war , that 's for sure . 
  and do n't get started with culture , as your culture was not killed in any way since the eu rules . 
  ( or show me an example how the eu hinders you on living your culture . ), 
  also , when it comes to sovereignty , why should northumbria listen to westminster ? 
  i hope you are right . 
  i really do . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  without the eu , there will be harsh economic fights between the countries , which will severe all the economic blockades who prevent wars at the moment . 
  also , the old german question will come back into play : `` germany is too strong to fit in , and too weak to dominate '' . 
  it creates in its neighbours the need to ally against it , which however creates in germany the fear of beeing ganked and dissolved back into the small states it once was , which is a very old fear over here . 
  ( it is something hitler played on alot . ), 
  in my eyes , the whole fucking cycle starts to repeat itself . 
  i do n't know if it is worthwhile , but i will try : the reason for all the wars we had in europe over the course of time was not that the germans ( of whom i am one , so better distrust me , as i am apparently an evil orc ) are evil . 
  the second world war was the only war , where we can attribute the blame to a singel country . 
  and even then you can argue about the reasons why it come to this . 
  europe is not stable . 
  it is in fact a powdercake . 
  one of the main reasons ( but not the only one ) is the german question : germany is to powerfull to fit in , but also to weak to dominate . 
  it can beat every single of its neighbors alone , which creates the need for these countries to ally themself against it . 
  this however creates in germany the fear of getting ganged up against , and dissolved for good , back into the bunch of small states it once was ( i am not just talking here , these are very alive fears in the german public and history , hitler played on that a lot ! ) . 
  the eu was way out of this vicious cycle . 
  or at least , thats what a lot of people ( inculding me ) hoped . 
  so yes , if the eu falls , someone will invade someone at some point . 
  i personaly bet , that germany will align itself to russia on this case . 
  ( you may laugh , but germany and russia have an history beyond hitler and stalin , something the good relations between the brd and russia build upon until the ucraine crisis . ), 
  i do n't understand either . 
  maybe he got biten by one of these dangerous ukip things that they have up there in the island . 
  would you like to tell me how the eu shits on you from high above ? 
  and what the hell should the german chancellor say about this ? 
  it 's ireland , not germany . 
  you know , as much as i can understand the desire to sometime wanting to smash everything , you realize that you condemn a lot of people to a very horrible end with your wishes , do you ? 
  it is a little bit more complicated : first of all , if gremany would contribute that much , it would have a budget of 74.600.000 $ ( on the gdp of 2013 ) . 
  just so you know , russia has an official spending of 69.3 billion usd . 
  i think some countries , ( france , and probably poland ) would not like that at all . 
  also , the nato does not work this way . 
  the us get a lot out of this deal . 
  to be exact , the strategic value it gets out of europe is nearly unfathomable , giving the us the ability to cockblock russia nearly everywhere . 
  hi , german here . 
  as it seems i created a little wall of text . 
  but if you are interested about the situation , it might help . 
  just know , that i am just a very interested civilian who knows some people , not a reliable source . 
  in short : what user/watsupbitchez says lines up with what reports indicate . 
  it 's not training or moral , but the force is completely under supplied and the institutions within it do not have the needed capacities . 
  however , there are some interesting changes happening in the last couple of years in the country . 
  the thing is this : the german public is/was no fan of its military . 
  the soldiers were not hated , but in many parts of the population just tolerated . 
  for the government it meant , that helping the force was just poison for every political career . 
  instead , police special forces were created to fill the void . 
  ( gsg 9 is officially a police force and does not obey the military . ), 
  however , with the war in afghanistan , it seems the society of the german republic had to think about its relationship to its military . 
  voices for better equipment and funding became mainstream , even if only to protect the guys and garls better . 
  the german military has seen a lot of reformation since then . 
  it is no longer a reserve , but now a professional army , and there are heated debates about its future focus .
