  edit : grammar . 
  you see , in germany most rules are vague to a certain point , because our judges have to do what their jobs name is : judge . 
  because the world is too complicated , to be just easily divided in good and evil , judges have to look at the law , not the exact wording , but the meaning of it , and then look at the accused . 
  and then , judge him . 
  it 's not htat hard man , just think a little bit more . 
  she dislikes what ? 
  this republik must fall !, 
  thankyou for the explanation . 
  that is quite interesting . 
  over here , the parliament makes the chancellor/president . 
  even if merkel wins another round ( that woman seems unstoppable ) i guess they will work well together . 
  i had some pretty bad mistakes in my post . 
  the biggest blunder being that i wanted to write `` expensive '' and wrote expansive , which alters its meaning completely . 
  then my poor wording with the word `` commitment '' . 
  what i meant was , that germany is not bound by any hard treaty to go up to 2 % gdp , as trump would like to understand it , but that it made the promise to do so . 
  again , fail on my side . 
  my excuse is that i was pretty tired , for what that is worth . 
   i believe your friend in the peace movement is feeding you , at best , heavily biased information . 
  you are probably right about that , although i do n't think that that means nothing changed at all . 
  we can also see an increase in national flags in public since the soccer world cup . 
  ( nothing inherit wrong with that in my opinion ) . 
  things can change with time . 
  and i would like to press a couple of things : - an army consisting out of professional soldiers is more able to operate in foreign regions . 
  - the bigger army is not always the better army . 
  ( although this depends heavily from what your goal and situation is . ), 
  - you are right that atm there is not much of political capital to be gained with the military , but that is something that can change rapidly . 
  for a fact , one could argue that the party who repairs the army can gain a lot of political capital . 
  - i do n't see how the concern , that an army who is ready to use , can lead people to want to use it , is completely wrong . 
  it might not be the strongest argument , i agree , but it is still viable in my eyes . 
   compared to the gdp our army is still fairly small i think i do n't relay understand what you want to say with that . 
  i do n't know exactly , and am to tired to look it up , so i will just go on what i remember . 
  the german troops were send to mali pretty recently . 
  we have/ad support / training / policing only personal down there , but now they send also regular forces ( who suffer greatly from the heat and their equipment is not well suited for the heat either ) and some special forces . 
  i do n't think that the regular forces see much fighting , and who knows about the special forces . 
  if you vote for your president , is n't you parliament also reelected ? 
  over here , we just vote for parliament and they decide who gets to be big boss . 
  man , i really should read up on france . 
  thank you . 
  i personally work with some of them , and it is a realy interesting experience . 
  i know and thank you for reminding me and everyone else . 
  it is a stain on a ( imo ) very great newspaper . 
  but while they report very positive about the rearmament , the facts are true . 
  the government did increase the funding massively and the german public did not really care much about it . 
  i mainly took that article because the infographic was pretty nice . 
  also , the anstalt is just tremendous . 
  especially that episode where they rail against the antirussia campaign without becoming putins labdogs . 
  just great journalistic/comedic work . 
  so , what would you like to change ? 
  also , the eu has some more problems : there is the issue that an currency without central fiscal control is a dangerous thing . 
  and that the of course the xenophobic tendencies at the moment . 
  i see your point . 
  the thing is , i do n't know how to feel about that . 
  on one side i think a strong defensive military is a nice thing to have , on the other hand i fear that it would lead us into thinking : `` well , now that we have it , we better use it '' . 
  you might want to read up a little bit on german history after the war , because i think you will find a lot of similarities . 
  germany got bombed back into stone age , like japan , and like japan , most of the population disliked the military heavily after that . 
  we were also not supposed to had again a military , but the situation in europe at the time was , that the russians had way more soldiers than the allies . 
  so the usa recruited german soldiers for nato . 
  interesting is , that ( at least in my opinion ) the desire of germans to never let atrocities like in the past happen ever again , fuels the rearmament . 
  because the german public has a hard time to look the other way , when someone starts to massacre his people . 
  the kosovo war ( first war with german forces participating after the wwii ) is a nice example for that . 
  oh , and i agree absolutely on your last statement . 
  but you know how it is . 
  protection for freedom . 
  that 's the deal . 
  i hope you are right , but brexit and trump did not really strengthen my trust into polls . 
  or the people who read them . 
  i calculated in my endless wisdom that there wo n't be much beer and steaks on the front . 
  so i had the desire to express my sorrow over a possible future with less beer and steak in my live . 
  you seriously believe that there will be no more war between european nations . 
  could you please tell me what makes you so confident ? 
  i am noticing a pattern here . 
  a lot of people disagree with me , and that is fine , but nearly to no one is giving me some arguments . 
  you say they will never go to war again , but you do n't give anything to back up your argument . 
  `` why '' will they never go to war again ? 
  because we are so civilised ? 
  because there are no more tensions ? 
  because we are brohters ? 
  because our economics are to much entangled ? 
  none of that is true or can not be changed back . 
  please , i would love to beliave you , give me an argument , not just an opinion . 
  so ... a war between small nation is not an issue ? 
  like in the balkans . 
  you know what that means , right ? 
  refugees . 
  also , does that mean germany can snack poland ? 
  the polish have no nukes , and also not the ability to get some very fast . 
  and how about russia eats the ukraine . 
  do n't you worry , latvia , it will be over soon . 
  luckily we are all save and dandy , because we all have nukes , right ? 
  right ? 
  i am happy that you have this trust , but everybody can be corrupted . 
  also , germany is an a position where it can be very tempting to visit your weaker neighbours , but that is a complex issue . 
  i think jon steward said it pretty well in a joke : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ewkr_ohlzq&amp;t=7s&amp;ab_channel=vaderbomb93, 
  do n't tell them our secret masterplan . 
  the americans say we should increase up to 2 % of the gdp , which would be somewhere between 70 and 80 billions . 
  and i would absolutely understand if the french and the polsih do n't like that . 
  you know , we found out that it is very cushy to just let the us do the fighting , while we sit over here and drink beer . 
  to exaggerate a little bit - . 
  it is hard to know the truth , but it would be wrong to believe that the serbians did nothing wrong . 
  the whole kosovo situation was a gigantic fuckfest .
