  it depends on where you are , in some places they shy away from people . 
  actually in my neighborhood they tend to keep to themselves more , which i think is odd , because people here are really nice to them . 
  there 's a set of kedi evleri across the street and we always leave food and water in the neighborhood . 
  other neighborhoods they 're far more friendly to people . 
  depends on where you are . 
  sometimes they 're downright scared of people and go running when you get anywhere close . 
  the cats on yildiz posta caddesi are really friendly . 
  when the weather is nice there 's a giant orange cat who sits on a corner by the telefon bas mudurlugu bus stop , i believe he charges a toll in cat food to pass , judging by the size of his belly . 
  yeah , iirc they 're not really considered feral . 
  i dunno , i just consider them fellow istanbullu citizens really . 
  i think most people more or less take that attitude . 
  this city is much theirs as it is ours . 
  they 're so cute and friendly . 
  i picked one up after my lunch the other day and let it sit on my lap and pet it . 
  it got cat fur in my tea so i did n't get to drink that , but oh well . 
  when i eat on my balcony , i feed the neighborhood cats . 
  they do n't eat certain things ( most things ) but they loooovveee sucuk . 
  problem is , so do i. . . 
  it 's my favorite part of breakfast . . haha . 
  but i share it with them anyways . 
  i 've heard the same said about cats in istanbul . 
  if the cats are n't afraid of you walking by , its a good neighborhood . 
  oh man , that 's only like half the city . 
  is this really the same scale as the others ? 
  because like the built up part of istanbul is 350 sqmi , and built up paris is somewhere between 1000-6000sqmi . 
  there 's like 2,5 million people in the interlake districts off the left edge of this photo , and probably like a million or so off in the suburban districts on the right side , and a hundred thousand or so off to the north along the bosporus . 
  i seriously disagree that that would be the same thing . 
  it would be more like building a space needle next to the eiffel tower , they 're in the same class of building , but they 're very significantly different . 
  so it 's like istanbul , ~ 15 million people mostly hanging out in 350 square miles , the city has slightly more people than moscow or london , but according to this map istanbul looks tiny . 
  ( also because it does n't show the asian side , but 2/3 of istanbul lives in europe , so take that for what it 's worth ), 
  i do n't think so , i think sultanahmet mosque stands on its own two feet . 
  it 's got a vastly different interior to the hagia sophia ( it 's much prettier and more impressive , imo ), 
  washington and oregon are both in the path of a coast-long 9 . x earthquake , seattle is directly over a 7 . x capable fault , and istanbul is nearby to a 7 . x x < 5 fault line as i understand it . 
  i 'm not sure if earthquakes in istanbul or seattle scare me more though , the idea of a 3-5 minute long 9 . x earthquake where the land moves 15 feet in an instant scares the shit out of me , but the epicenter would be over a hundred miles from seattle so i feel like it might not be as bad as they make it out to be , or maybe it would be worse , no one knows . 
  whole forests sunk into the ocean last time it happened ... istanbul is n't built for earthquakes though ( the places most people spend time in anyways ) the best i can hope for honestly is to be on a ferry in the center of the bosporus when the earthquake strikes , because the buildings are all iffy . 
  but fuck it , i 'm just gon na enjoy my life and try not to think about it too much , i love living here really . 
  ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ try ^ ^ to ^ ^ ride ^ ^ the ^ ^ ferries ^ ^ more ^ ^ often ... 
  this is the thing that actually scares me about living in istanbul . 
  according to that map though i live in a district that is n't really at risk , so that 's nice . 
  but , legit earthquakes are terrifying . 
  i experienced something like a 7 in seattle growing up , and fuck that shit . 
  and its the only thing that really scares me about living here . 
  not the other stuff the media is always way overplaying, 
  iphone 5s i think . 
  it might be an iphone 6 probably a 6 , but i 'm never sure . 
  we had splash splash pretty much the whole time here in central istanbul . 
  ( on sidewalks of main streets , my neighborhood street is still covered in thick compact ice and snow though ), 
  should be , yeah, 
  the ones from my parents ' hotel :p, 
  i also walked to work today , and i 've been walking too much through the snowstorm , here 's a few more pictures to add on : http://imgur.com/a/i8wed also , / u/jangal , \u00c7ok g\u00fczel bir resim \u00e7ektin !, 
  the anatolian peninsula is just anatolia , it 's not really part of the middle east , and it 's not really part of europe either . 
  hittite territory , not greek . 
  akp got 40 % in june 2015 , and 49.5 % in november , so no , its not the majority of the turkish people . 
  in my 16 years of going in and out of turkey , i 've not seen a lot of deference to erdogan . 
  ( and whoever was running the place in 2001 , lets be honest , i do n't remember much of the conversations that time ) . 
  but people have been mocking him as a practical sport the entire time i 've been paying any attention , and now i live here and we complain about/mock him all the time . 
  i guess it just depends who you do it in front of ? 
  well , i work in education , so i 'll see what i can do to make sure all the kids are well educated . 
  well , you ca n't say its due to religion because western turkey is very low , and iirc poland is a pretty heavily religious place and it apparently has among europes lowest rates . 
  birthrate correlates more to poverty than religion . 
  look at a map of turkey , istanbul 's birthrates are on par with europe , southeast turkey ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  spaniards can understand italian , syrians and turks do n't even write with the same alphabet , let alone have many linguistic similarities . 
  they share islam in theory , but they practice different versions of islam ( though increasingly less so :( ) they share some food , they all let cats roam the streets < 3 other than that ... ? 
  only ~ 9 million istanbullu live in europe ( ~ 5 million live on anadolu yakasi ) about 1.5 million people live in european non-istanbul turkey, 
  they 're not all that in line culturally , but we 'll make it work anyways . 
  meat is expensive all over the world . 
  no one in any country wants to stay in the countryside and farm , and like i said , i can get a much bigger and better meal than a big mac for a very reasonable price , its just big macs that are crazy expensive , and its not meat prices , because there 's way more meat in iskender than in a big mac , and iskender is cheaper or the same price . 
  i have no idea how much a doner kebab is in turkey , and i live here ... hahaha . 
  iskender is usually around 17tl but that 's doner smothered in butter and tomato sauce over pita with yogurt . 
  oh my god its heaven . 
  and it will get you there quicker too !, 
  :p edit , also big macs are like 17-19tl i think . 
  crazy expensive . 
  like you can get an actual reallllyyyy good meal for that much money here . 
  turkey has been taking in a ton of refugees so that might affect the averages here . 
  yeah , i feel like a big mac is really fucking expensive here in turkey . 
  i can get curry chicken for half the price of a big mac . 
  not to mention tons of other far far cheaper foods than even that . 
  trump has openly stated he wants to reduce press freedom because he does n't like how the media covers him . 
  he also seems to think he is the law ( like erdogan ) , hopefully u.s. institutions are a little stronger than turkey 's though and prevent him from taking action on that . 
  ie : him and jeff sessions . 
  the shit he 's saying is like straight outta the erdogan playbook . 
  you 're pretty naive . 
  there are 20-some million kurds in turkey , are you high as a kite ? 
  istanbul is the largest kurdish city on the planet . 
  why do n't you go talk about something you actually know something about . 
  1/4 polish , 1/2 vaguely european , probably a decent block of german we guess . 
  my blood is 1/4 turkish . 
  i guess i do n't really personally identify as polish at all really though . 
  some day i 'd like to see it , it 's like the christian version of turkey as far as i can tell :p, 
  my grandma was n't turkish . 
  she was polish-american . 
  you must have added that later , but i got tired of that joke , because most of the time when people say it , its not a joke , and i 'm tired of hearing it . 
  i live my life in a place the same as anyone else , it does n't matter where i come from originally , where i am is my home , and my we . 
  it 's my home as well now . 
  if i go back to where i was born , they consider me a foreigner too because i 've been gone so long , so either i 'm homeless , or i decide where my home is , not others . 
  i live in turkey , i 'm 1/4 turkish , my mom and grandfather were born and raised in turkey . 
  i can say we . 
  and in turkish we call india hindistan ( land of turkeys ),
