no , because the people behind the coup were worse than what we have now , i have no doubt . 
  i do n't understand , they 've let the other posts be , just istanbul , and honestly the istanbullu consulate workers all probably live in the northern suburbs where no terrorist is gon na bother messing around , there 's much more turkish and much more crowded areas to mess with 5 miles down buyukdere caddesi ... 
  i honestly just think they 're full of shit at the moment , also , i hope i 'm right . 
  my american self lives in mecidiyekoy and i love living here so . 
  i ai n't moving anytime soon . 
  ok you 're right then i did n't realize they had n't made it north to istanbul , either way , 300 years , 3000 years , what 's the difference , the past is the past . 
  get the fuck over it . 
  it 's turkey now deal with it . 
  also , erdogan should shut the fuck up and leave the greek islands alone for the record . 
  but turkey is what it is now , leave it be . 
   greeks ought to think thrace before making any attempts :d ftfy :p ok , i thought that was funny , since that 's the portion of turkey greece would need to take istanbul . 
  turks ca n't trace their descent quite like that though . 
  the modern `` turkish '' race is about as turkish as anyone in the u.s. is `` american '' it 's so intermixed that half the people dont ' even know where they 're technically from . 
  balkans got sent here in population exchanges , huge amounts of refugees through time have travelled through or stayed here , etc. 
  it 's not a monolithic `` turkish '' race . 
  it 's really not a thing that much today . 
  sure maybe sooooomeee of the people are central asian `` turks '' but not many i think . 
  it 's a melting pot . 
  used to be hittite before the greeks , so greeks can go back to greece . 
  well arguably the recognizable monument is the pair of the sultan ahmet camii , and the aya sofya . 
  sitting across a plaza from each other , in an area full of well known old roman stuff . 
  let 's just give it back to the hittites . 
  well , if it became greek now greece would be 60 % turkish . 
  that 's how big the city is . 
  like 15 % of the turkish population is in europe man , it 's not a small amount . 
  he uses religion to get votes , he knows if he goes too far he 'll lose , he 's a populist , he 's not really religious . 
  what changed in the mid - '90s that made it so much safer ? 
  i do n't actually think turkey supports isis and erdogan is a motherfucker who could die in a fire tomorrow and i 'd be happy . 
  but that was certainly a nice assumption of yours . 
  i think turkey helped al nusra , which is n't great , but i do not think turkey helped isis . 
  not at all . 
  my government basically started isis ( the u.s. ) so ... 
  everyone has supported islamic terrorists in syria , lets be real about that . 
  in some form or another . 
  but the words of the fighters are that , one day i 'm pkk one day i 'm pyd , they 're all the same . 
  so , that comes from the people who fight under that banner . 
  so telling me they 're not inextricably linked you 're just wrong . 
  there are other kurdish groups that are not bad , the pyd is n't one of them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_turkey\u2013pkk_conflict#early_2015 most of their attacks are actually in the kurdish part of turkey and they 're not huge so you do n't hear about them every day , but they 're contributing heavily to the destruction in the southeast . 
  as that link simply says `` turkish officer killed , etc. 
  etc. '', 
  you have to understand that the military and police members are also kurdish as well as other ethnicities of turks . 
  so its not just non-kurds being killed , much of the damage and collateral is in kurdish parts of turkey . 
  if germany declared war on turkey and france was helping germany , that means france has declared war too , so for turkey , the pkk and the pyd are basically the same entity and they both need to go . 
  in fact , i think that 's how the ottoman empire was actually dismantled , they were helping germany in wwi, 
  are you going to deny that the pyd works with the pkk ? 
  so this is what unstable looks like . 
  hmmmmm . 
  looks exactly like it did when it was `` stable '', 
  the other big turkish cities ( adana , antalya , izmir , ankara , eskisehir , bursa , izmit , afyonkarahisar ) look like istanbul , the countryside , that 's a different story , in some places . 
  but a lot of turkey is pretty decent . 
  and those istanbul drivers are actually incredibly safe - only 1.5 / 100k people are killed by cars in istanbul , which is pretty amazingly low . 
  apparently you know more than those of us who live in turkey too . 
  turkey is far from being a giant turd . 
  are you gon na not visit the u.s. because trump wins the election if he does ? 
  ( god save us ) . 
  every country has its own problems . 
  turkey 's are n't unsolvable . 
  turkey supports barzani and iraqi kurdistan , are they not fighting isis too ? 
  pyd fighters seem to claim they 're part of the pkk from time to time , so ... imo , there 's no good guys in the syrian fight , each group is out for themselves , and no group is good , so wether or not someone is fighting for the syrian kurds is n't an issue , the people who are fighting for them are bad news . 
  that 's just it ... 
  this summer i went to london , paris , and geneva , and out of those , london was the nicest , but its so expensive its not even funny . 
  in addition to that , i dunno , i prefer the slightly more chaotic city of istanbul , + the setting istanbul sits in is pretty , with distant mountains , huge seas , etc. 
  so far out of my small visits to europe , istanbul is still the city to beat . 
  no , it is supposed that it comes from saying `` into the city '' just like chicagoans call the loop `` the city '' san franciscans call the the peninsula `` the city '' and new yorkers call manhattan `` the city '' istanbul has throughout history been among the very largest cities on the planet and its residents seem to have long taken pride in that , knowing they were living in a great , and large city . 
  no go area ? 
  western turkey is still as safe as pretty much anywhere in western europe . 
  it 's not constantinople anymore , and its probably the same stupid tired old reference to that they might be giants song . 
  it gets old being on every single thread about istanbul . 
  you 're not clever for bringing up the same shit in every thread . 
  funny , the pkk is probably killing as many kurds as the turkish state right now , but the turkish state is actually specifically going after the pkk and its affiliates , so really , erdogan is protecting the kurds as much as he is any other turk by trying to get rid of the pkk/pyd . 
  ahahahahahahahahahahaha so original and funny !, 
  there 's no such thing as `` normal '' maybe average , but normal is n't really a thing , everyone and every people is unique and different , and that 's what makes the world interesting . 
  if we were all `` normal '' well , fuck that . 
  most of kocaeli 's population should already be considered part of metropolitan istanbul ( though not inside the city limits ) they 're one connected city-economy now i 'm pretty sure . 
  sooooo , what you 're telling me is that the country could have easily let us pay for having the subway system built in a year , rather than in 10 ? 
  man i wish they were building it in silivri or something and not in the forests north of the city where we get our drinking water from . 
  the city needs to stay the hell out of that part of the lands around it . 
  there 's lots of boring empty land that is much less critical for the city that could be used for an airport . 
  alternatively , ataturk has plenty of space it could use and expand . 
  ataturk is already europe 's 2nd or 3rd busiest airport , and the world 's 11th . 
  and its one of the fastest growing airports , so , there 's that !, 
  yeah , i really have no idea , i live in mecidiyekoy and all i know is i see about a million bagillion people every day if i walk into the main square . 
  holy shit . 
  also if i go to besiktas or istiklal , or kadikoy , or any part of the city that is n't purely residential pretty much . 
  istanbul is ... or at least 2/3 of it . 
  istanbul has pretty much grown by ~ 300,000 / yr since about 1975ish . 
  pretty amazing . 
  if you ask most people though they do n't believe the official census and say istanbul is closer to 18-20 million , not the 14.6 million the census gives . 
  ( 20 million people would mean its grown by probably ~ 500,000 / yr or put in other terms for the unofficial numbers , the entire population of the city of dublin moves into istanbul every year ) . 
  in my european history class , it started with 1453 interestingly enough , the year the ottomans took istanbul , because the ottomans invading europe was a pretty big deal , so to say they do n't have a shared history is bullshit . 
  that shared history is as enemies for a long time , sure , nevertheless . 
  istanbul is 2/3 in europe , it was founded in europe , then it jumped the bosporus to asia in the last 100 years . 
  ( there 's always been settlements over there , but it became one city more recently ), 
  well , if by underconstruction you mean , they tore out the rails and threw in new concrete where they used to be ... 
  we should post t\u00fcnel . 
  i do n't have a good picture of it . 
  this is excellent advice that i wish i would follow myself :(, 
  well , istanbul is the anchor of that region , and it has had so much migration from the rest of turkey that its maybe at best 50-50 on culturally different . 
  izmir is more consistently different , but even it is full of migrants , who over time may fall into city culture , but it will take a few generations probably .
