  yeah , i mean i do n't think the police should rough people up , they 're supposed to be trained in de-escalating situations , but at the same time , they accuse her of attacking them and trying to grab one of their throats or something , and knowing turkish people ( tempers flare they burn hot , and they burn out in such little time ) it really could have gone either way . 
  so there 's two sides to this story from what i 've read , the police have their version , and the lady has hers , and honestly it could very well be either one . 
  he was voted in by like 51 % and his party has never won 50 or more % of the vote . 
  49,8 is the highest they 've come , but usually they get 40-46 %, 
  i hope we never find out, 
  if something happened in turkey i seriously doubt greece would take in 15 % of turkey . 
  as far as i know , its not even a majority of the kurds in turkey who want to leave , so where does that leave things ? 
  what is a government to do about that , cave to the minority opinion over the will of the majority ( and in this case i speak of only within kurdish society in turkey ) . 
  honestly , what do you do with that ? 
  i know kurds in western turkey , they have no problems that are any different from anyone else 's probblems in turkey . 
  honestly , people need to stop letting the pkk hide in their homes etc. 
  i do n't know what the solution is , but istanbul is the world 's largest kurdish city , i know that , and our crime rates indicate that there 's no unrest about it like at all . 
  clearly it is perfectly plausible that we can all get along under the current government , some people choose not to , what can you do ? 
  and 3-3 ,5 million refugees overall , we 're the largest refugee country on the planet . 
  i do n't think demirtas and yuksekdag aided the pkk directly , i do however think other mps from the hdp did . 
  not as many of them as are in jail , but some of them . 
  if you 're going to be in turkish parliament , you ca n't be going to pkk members ' funerals and such . 
  demirtas is a great charismatic speaker , i think . 
  i listened to some of his speeches ( with english subtitles ) pre-jail , and they were good . 
  i know less about yuksekdag . 
  i do n't think most turkish people are spiteful and hateful , that 's the thing . 
  my experience living in turkey says that most people who live here are wonderful humans , far better people than where i come from . 
  they 've inspired me to be a better person , from the things i see on the street in daily life . 
  some of them may be misguided , but at their cores , they 're mostly good people . 
  there 's a few shitstains , as there are in every society of course though . 
  kilicdaroglu did a great thing big this last weekend , and that 's helped restore some of the hope i 've lost recently , and i hope he keeps on it , and does n't lose momentum . 
  but also , my original point was that while i think erdogan is a terrible person and should be gone , he legitimately did more good for the kurds than any other turkish politician . 
  he was willing to try to work out peace , he brought them into equal standing under the law , etc. 
  his bad outweighs his good for turkey as a whole , but for the kurds he 's been good overall . 
  those things that happened in the 90 's either do n't happen anymore , or have vastly been reduced . 
  things have improved , they may not be perfect yet , there 's still lots of work to do , but like i said , if i 'm going to be honest about things , these guys did alot of good things for the kurds . 
  i really hope that soon people will realize the fighting is n't getting them anywhere and lay down arms and try to rebuild things , i know the turkish government would love to rebuild things , not because they 're altruistic , but because there 's money to be made from it . 
  it may not be for the right reason , but when the hostilities end , they will improve daily life that i 'm confident in . 
  kurdish is not a problem in turkey , kurdish names are all over the place , who 's being deported these days that 's kurdish ? 
  political offices , man , that 's a complicated one . 
  should yuksekdag and demirtas be in jail , probably not . 
  did they do sketchy stuff w/r/t the pkk ? 
  probably , some of the ministers openly helped the pkk , they 're mps , so i think they should still have their immunity , but fuck , you also ca n't have members of the parliament aiding a terrorist organization . 
  shit 's complicated , it 's not that simple . 
  your sources still have n't addressed my main claim , which is that under the law , kurds are equal to everyone else in turkey . 
  and i agree that sabah is a piece of garbage , but hurriyet is an alright paper . 
  it 's not amazing , but its not horrible . 
  sabah ... oh man , they ca n't even get a story about the metro correct , when they can go to metro.istanbul and look up the data in 2 minutes ... 
  it 's an ongoing warzone , tough shit . 
  the turkish government has tried to improve civilian life in that part of the country many times , you know what happens ? 
  pkk blows up construction workers and teachers . 
  that stuff happened in the 90 's and does n't happen indiscriminately anymore . 
  tsk tries not to kill innocent people generally , but when the pkk uses people as human shields , there 's only so much you can do . 
  going through most of that , with the exception of the cizre issue , which is part of what is basically on ongoing war with the pkk , thanks to them for stocking up military supplies in cities during the peace period , precisely so they could make the turkish state look bad , all of that is an equal problem for the other people who live in turkey too . 
  none of that is unique to kurds . 
  erdogan is a douchebag , but he 's pretty fair across all people in turkey in how much of a douchebag he is . 
  the only things i saw that were unique to kurds , were things that happened in the 1990 's , which do n't generally happen anymore . 
  those reports basically detail the aftermath of the coup which affects everyone in turkey . 
  show me where undercurrent turkish law kurds are unequal . 
  yes , but erdogan actually undid most of that bullshit . 
  their language is legal now , they 're not mountain turks , etc. 
  they 're equally opressed by the government as the rest of the people living in turkey . 
  i 'm not convinced all the attacks that are blamed on the pkk are actually pkk anymore . 
  i mean , i 'm sure plenty of them are , but i 'm not convinced all of them really are . 
  was n't his car attacked in northern turkey right after the coup attemps ? 
  i 'm gon na go look it up now edit : i understood a lot more of his speech in turkish than i thought i would . 
  he was pretty riled up  he speaks really clearly . 
  no , is there a link to a translated transcript of it ? 
  i 'd loooove to read it !, 
  he does n't get hate for not being a good man , he gets disappointment for not being a strong opposition leader , though the last two weeks , he 's made a change , maybe this is the beginning of a real opposition in turkey . 
  and he 's already said that the justice march is a terrorist supporting thing . 
  this is not the turkey the majority wants , however the current rulers cheat to stay in power . 
  and if your argument is there are no protests , what do you call kilicdaroglu and a 10-20 ,000 people walking from ankara to istanbul ? 
  afaik yes . 
  i turn on a vpn when i want to see imgur or wikipedia stuff . 
  internet blocks are a joke here . 
  they just stop incredibly technologically inept people , i mean , often even grandmas find a way around the blocks when they really want to . 
  this is not technically correct . 
  he was the prime minister for the maximum amount of time ( which i believe was actually 10 years in 2 5 year terms , but also do n't quote me on that , i know he got elected president in 2014 ) the president of turkey is more of a diplomatic role than a role that is to be active in running the day to day affairs of turkey , also , the president is not allowed to be affiliated with a political party . 
  i believe the term limits for president are 2 5 year terms as well . 
  before 2014 the president was appointed by parliament , 2014 was turkey 's first presidential election . 
  the referendum ended the limitation on political party affiliation for the president , but honestly , i did n't think it takes effect until 2019 , so either he 's illegally operating and no one wants to stand up to him , or i 'm wrong ( probably i 'm just wrong , but you never know around here , the opposition is shit . ), 
  you wan na really know why he 's won so long ? 
  even before he had the country by the balls , the people he was running against are absolute shit . 
  they could n't find their way out of a paper bag its sad . 
  but now he has total control , so even if someone worth voting for does pop up , its unlikely they 'd win because the elections probably would n't be honest . 
  anyways , erdogan would have been able to remain president until 2024 pending the vote in 2019 under the old system , but this will get him one more term ( stretching him out to 2029 i believe ) since the referendum . 
  the same joke on every single post gets old . 
  they 're in the euroleague though , so what does it matter ? 
  in turkey we have iskender which is pita under a layer of d\u00f6ner , covered in butter-tomato sauce and served with yogurt on the side . 
  it kicks gyros asses imo , but gyros are also amazing . 
  istanbul collects 134bntl in taxes per year , it receives 17bn of those ( if i have my order of magnitude correct ) plenty of that goes to support the national government apparatus , but a lot of it also goes to support the south east . 
  the turkish government has tried to build better roads , schools , etc in the s.e. , but the pkk literally blows it up . 
  the reason the s.e. 
  is poor is the pkk , not t.c. 
  turkey tries to bring them up to the level of western turkey . 
  ( istanbul is not the only province doing that , most of western turkey gets back way less tax money than it collects - kocaeli next door has it worse than istanbul actually ) they are allowed to learn kurdish , they are also required to learn turkish . 
  you got ta be able to communicate across the country , so everyone learns turkish , and english because its the global language ( though few remember it after school ... ) the reason they 're in a bad situation is not the turkish government , it 's the pkk , so why any of them would support it is beyond me . 
  it 's like rural people in the u.s. supporting donald trump ... they vote against their own interests . 
  because you said they need support and did n't specify the pkk , which is the ones causing problems . 
  except for having to deal with the pkk ( which is who you people support ) kurds and turks live peaceful lives in turkey , and the government really does n't shit on them the way you all make it out to be . 
  that they are `` hanging on by a thread '' is the pkk 's making . 
  turkey has constantly tried to improve the southeast and drains a lot of financial resources from western turkey to help them . 
  istanbul is the world 's largest kurdish city , there is basically 0 unrest there , you still want to claim turkey is indiscriminately targeting all kurds and trying to eradicate them ? 
  that 's a good idea .
