  nice try erdogan, 
  we had island camps during the junta in the 60s for communists in greece ... 
  it 's not a good idea, 
  i had a pretty awesome night parting in warsaw and i 'm greek . 
  iss seems like a cool place to live for a while, 
  greece has a fence . 
  that 's why refugees come through the aegean, 
  and do n't consider an expansion of greek national waters from 6miles to 12miles ( as turkey did in the black sea ) a casus belli action, 
  was n't there a terror campaign just before the elections last time ? 
  why they broke up in december 2015 ? 
  so gullen is paying for trips to erdogan 's turkey proves he still in bed with erdogan ? 
  actually they do n't call them self feto and as far as i do n't see them in any country 's list of terrorism groups except turkey before gullen tried to reveal a money laundering organization that allegedly had ties with erdogan 's son, 
  evidence would be phone talks or video that shows gullen saying to the putschists `` tamam , go for it '', 
  were n't that operation sledgehammer and ergenekon scandal ? 
  in them erdogan and gullen purged police , gendarmerie and the armed forces from secularists to get their supporters higher in the chain of command, 
  i thought it was outlawed for a while in the 90s i think . 
  i guess i was mistaken . 
  it 's weird . 
  i have a skewed perception of the matter though . 
  most immigrants in turkey i personally know are of greek origin tbh . 
  they are second or third generation greek germans . 
  they are usually intermarried and fairly educated and hold very progressive ideals and are strongly pro eu . 
  is this not the case with turks too ? 
  it 's a tragedy indeed . 
  poor people killed by their own blood . 
  btw how many civilian and how many military died that awful night ? 
  in any case may the rest in peace . 
  well now that you mention it . 
  is the communist party active in turkey ? 
  ca n't build a wall in sea though, 
  i believe that many turks in germany are very pro eu and really not comfy with all that theocratic bullshit . 
  i believe many german turks feel more european than most akp supporters . 
  actually they could support anti authoritarian and pro eu initiatives in turkey . 
  is pyd communist too like pkk ? 
  at the moment it 's also used for civilians against feto right ? 
  nope greece has nothing to gain from a radicalized turkey . 
  authoritarian states have the tendency to target foreign countries as the source of their problems . 
  we certainly prefer a stable , democratic turkey with strong economic ties with our country . 
  the coup and the erdogan purge are both steps backwards . 
  i do n't know man . 
  what some people gain for blaming the us for the coup ? 
  let 's not forget the 1970 , 1980 and the 1997 turkish coups, 
  some say america supported the greek junta, 
  i hope he does n't mean greece though . 
  i hope it 's not going to be any eu country, 
  was he an average painter ? 
  true if you trust your vpn provider, 
  til, 
  tor to the rescue ? 
  we are going this summer with our own cubesat upsat https://upsat.gr, 
  the big coup, 
  they did n't had any serious reactor last time i checked, 
  well if you are referring to me thanks i guess . 
  i was always wondering how restrictive medieval armor was . 
  seems not that much . 
  thanks @mods  and @cocojumbo123, 
  have no idea . 
  i just hope the victims will survive for the time being . 
  live thread here : https://www.reddit.com/live/xa24ixojab5l, 
  let 's wait and see more details first, 
  well we are one of the most seismic places in eu but i guess california or japan has taller buildings . 
  so i guess it 's more of a `` horizon pollution '' thing . 
  i do n't complain though . 
  i live 10km from downtown athens but i 'm still able to see acropolis from my window . 
  as long as it 's not in feet , yards , leagues , miles or any other silly imperial unit, 
  ( greek here ) til we have laws that actually do n't allow more than 32m tall buildings . 
  i wonder what 's the reason we do so . 
  unification under a nation of ubermensch is definitely has nothing to do with the declared vision of the eu founders . 
  as far as i am concerned we should integrate faster and deeper . 
  that 's the only way to go forward and provide democratic institutions and a sustainable economic model . 
  i do n't believe eu is an utopia , we 've lot 's of stuff to change and even greater challenges in the future , challenges that are n't able to be addressed by nation states . 
  on the other hand i 'm sure you can recognize that some of the entities supporting a trade union like the one in north america are local oligarchs ( or their seels ) that want to consolidate their power ( political and financial ) on the nation 's masses . 
  you know exactly like the `` unification '' attempt the allies have stopped . 
  you know non nation states like great britain that had ghurkas , indians you name it . 
  us a nation build by people from all over , and last but not least ( since their people suffered the greatest ) ussr a federation of countries spanning from the far east to the vast fields of ukraine and belarus . 
  i too believe that we need to change eu but the only way we can is from within . 
  i 'm not sure i would trust any politician as a london taxi driver . 
  i 'm under the impression it 's a highly demanding job . 
  something tells me all negative effects of brexit will be attributed to `` continental retaliations '' . 
  long live oceania . 
  i 'm greek and i really like my romanian friends , looking forward for them to visit athens from cluj-napoca and bucuresti in a few weeks and returning the visit in september, 
  at least they are going to stay in esa right ? 
  right ? 
  damn, 
  i have one of those in my living room thanks portugal, 
  came here to say that thanks . 
  google translate ? 
  just asking do you polish sell any of those awesome solaris buses to uk ? 
  that third world marie-curie , kafka , chopin and those solaris buses that take my ass to work and do n't get me started on those third world italians . 
  i thought wales was actually part of england, 
  i wonder if all these greek shipping magnates that are based in city will come back in greece again . 
  i doubt it though . 
  actually i think a free vacation for all in eu countries would be an awesome idea . 
  would give us a better understanding of our partners in eu . 
  i have a great respect for mr. tusk to be honest . 
  could you please provide some info on article 7 ? 
  this is my understanding as well although i 'm not sure this view is shared by my compatriots . 
  lot 's of leftists love the unification under a secular state with a social safety net though . 
  we should open source the damn thing actually, 
  actually uk is still part of europe geographically speaking ... or are you planning to move the island too ?
