considering that most greeks of my age ( 30 's ) understand english fairly well , i think you are fairly right . 
  there was a time that bbc had a greek language section too , which was quite neutral . 
  i really enjoyed it . 
  i believe that russia together with the eu have to coordinate to bring stability in the region . 
  personally i believe that both parties have to gain from co-operation over the ukraine . 
  it would give them a better understanding and perspective for further co-operation in the future . 
  i believe that in some part of russia is more `` european '' than many other countries that eu co-operates, 
  sorry in advace for my biased view of the issue at hand , as a greek that has n't being paid over 3 months due to financial and organisational issues of the state overseen research fund that currently employs me . 
  i am really concerned on the long term impact of the greek austerity measures in european economy as a whole . 
  i understand that greece is not a huge economy like say italy , but i believe that in a monetary union the issue at hand is that the we should mitigate the socioeconomic impact of such measures in local and european level as well . 
  having said so we have to admit that although paychecks and retirement have greatly decreased the proposed organisational changes do n't seem to be implemented as promptly . 
  actually there is a mozilla location service experiment , i prefer using that . 
  it 's experimental but i really like the fact that i am also using a specialized app for my smartphone to improve this experiment . 
  plus , my employer the national kapodistrian university of athens among other universities has suspended it 's operations , ( well i do n't think i am getting my paycheck this week ) :(, 
  ** greece ** the leader and several members of the far-right golden dawn party , nikolaos michaloliakos , has been formally charged with belonging to a criminal organisation http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24314319, 
  never underestimate the impact of a biscuit, 
  i 'm a sleep technologist by profession so paprika was even more fun to watch . 
  if you are into cyberpunk science fiction i would totally recommend it . 
  it 's not ghost in the shell but it 's good enough for me . 
  as they did with the gullenists ? 
  we are n't talking about the anime are we ? 
  thanks for the insight, 
  i thought ypg and pkk were n't getting along, 
  thanks for the insight, 
  which enemies you are talking about ? 
  which one is first ? 
  what greece wants is peace in the region . 
  is there a russian source verifying this ? 
  we love the poles . 
  to be honest i visited warsaw a few years back and my wife visited chehanov ( spelling might be very off ) honestly had a really good time and appreciated the hospitality . 
  more of a show off for internal politics for erdo, 
  i doubt russia will form a military axis with turkey . 
  business is business but that 's as far as it will get . 
  turkey plays with the eu . 
  they say they want in but they will not allow movement from cyprus to turkey because they do n't recognize the sovereignty of the cypriot republic which is a member of the eu . 
  the political establishment in turkey is not willing to do all the reforms needed cause that will give control to it 's citizens . 
  europe is not a closed club but it has rules . 
  follow them and you will be in . 
  it 's more complicated than that sadly . 
  if you ask me i think both nations waste huge cash loads for their armed forces . 
  i see your point and that goes for greeks too but the point is that since the cyprus occupation turkish armed forces systemically disregard sovereignity of the aegean sea , air and land . 
  ( check this article for resources https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek%e2%80%93turkish_relations in `` current events '' `` recent issues '' sorry but i am on mobile ) pair the diplomatic threat that if greece expands it 's sea borders to 12nm and tell me what we should do ? 
  not be armed because we could use the money better ? 
  of course we could but we believe that this would end up even worst . 
  if the turks use all their armed forces against us we would be able to stop them ? 
  i doubt that . 
  that does n't mean it would make sense to use the manpower to do so . 
  as for were we should spend our euros . 
  let 's be honest here , compared to all other region 's states greece has a very extensive welfare , public health and education system and modern public infrastructure . 
  we should spend less money in defense ? 
  totally bro . 
  if we both press our governments to direct more money in public spending and less to the armed forces then it would be good for the whole region . 
  i believe that now it 's the chance for both of us . 
  that 's the reason we do n't believe anyone will invade us, 
   which hospital is gulenist how a hospital can affect policy ? 
  seems a bit weird for my point of view . 
  well seems to me that it would be wise for turkey to invest in public healthcare and education like greece does, 
  we do n't believe any country that would have a reason to attack us . 
  needs an update obviously, 
  it 's the same sicktards imho . 
  i thought the child brides were a legacy of the past in turkey , and it was n't practised as far as i knew when i visited . 
  this is a backward move . 
  team mystic organized the coup !, 
   pull the classic trotsky ice pick oh the memories, 
  is his compound in pennsylvania a pok\u00e9mon gym ? 
  do greeks have issues with american foreign policies . 
  certainly . 
  but i highly doubt that we go more than that . 
  maybe a picket protest once a while outside the embassy but nothing more . 
  also most of my american friends living here in athens had never an issue . 
  i highly doubt this not the case in istanbul as well . 
  how long the plant is being built ? 
  i was really surprised by that tbh . 
  `` the spice must flow '', 
  is n't erdo 's son-in-law 's channel or something ? 
  stay safe mate, 
  these are the cheatcodes, 
  `` milk port '' `` interview with a tree '' ??? 
  do these exist in english too ? 
  i 've heard that before , what \u00c7omar means ? 
  erdo 's son-in-law runs the joint right ? 
  i have a d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu from this conversation . 
  it 's either has happened again or someone is using a cheatcode and the matrix glitches, 
  i say we let our turkish friends come over here in greece , start a franchise of baklava shops all over eu , and rock the bars drinking ouza and yeni raki, 
  trust me turks know their baklava, 
  now that 's a plan man, 
  come to greece , learn greek it 's fun , work , pay taxes chill in a greek island . 
  many people would . 
  even in places you except to find prejudice as a turk , like greece most people will welcome you . 
  all the cool guys and gals are from izmir . 
  cheerio from a friend from the other side of the aegean pond, 
  sounds like a good pr for that dragon age game if you ask me, 
  you english are awesome thanks, 
  i like your username ( as a beverage nothing personal ), 
  count me in ... 
  i might be involved too, 
  hmm who is claudia roth ? 
  nuclear power ( please read this comment while listening to ` atom bomb ' by ` fluke ' ), 
  does the son-in-law of your president owns fox ? 
  you may want to add a '' / s '' in the end of your comment for irony,
