  b * tch please . . first of all i believe albania does n't need foreign rubbish to litter the country , but you also need a hell of a lot of dirst to make albania [ unattractive ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yap3hpa.jpg?1 ) . 
  i thought that with baker 's percentages the flour is always taken as the norm : 100 % . 
  am i wrong ? 
  ah , i get it . 
  5 % whole wheat ,, 
  total = 100 %, 
  xt1032 user , switched to cm12 ( now 12.1 ) 2 months ago , never looked back . 
  stable and many , many more features . 
  feels almost like having a brand new phone again . 
  ` murica . . 
  it took me a while to get here . . 
  started baking a couple of months ago and quickly decided i wanted to start my own sourdough culture . 
  i moved and now have a small gas oven available to bake in . 
  the heat distribution in this thing is a wreck . . after a couple of flat , burned on one side , crusty top and soft bottom baking adventures , i decided to buy a round casserole . 
  lacking budget though , so it 's a very thin ' i do n't know what kind of iron ' pot . 
  after some playing to get the quantity of dough right for the casserole , this is now the first bake i 'm proud of . 
  i 've created my own recipe through the process , browsing through dozens of recipes on the internet . . 
  i 've come to find out that it really is just a much art as science . 
  * 150g starter ( 100 % hydration ), 
  * 450g water, 
  * 540g high grade flour, 
  * 13g salt, 
  bulk fermentation for 3-4 hours with some stretches and folds every 30-45 minutes . 
  then 20 minutes of kneading , 10 minutes of resting and then shaping the dough twice with another 20 minute interval . 
  letting the dough proof for about 7 hours in a slightly smaller pot than the casserole until it looked ready for baking . 
  baked on 220 degrees celsius for 20 minutes with the lid on , and another 20 minutes without the lid . 
  i am pretty happy with the ( very tasty ) result . 
  next time i 'll reduce the quantity a bit so the loaf can rise a bit more freely in the casserole while baking . 
  any other tips ? 
  the density is perfect for my morning toast ^ ^ . 
  agreed , i have yet to buy a proper scoring knife . 
  new zealand , no amazon !, 
  moving back to europe soon , so new tools will be bought there , 
  c720 with 2gb ram here . . 
  using [ hugegreenbug 's ubuntu ] ( https://www.distroshare.com/distros/get/72/ ) version it 's all a breeze . 
  easy as , good battery life , smooth experience . 
  i only use it for simple tasks though . 
  the heaviest i 've done is some qgis stuff , which it could handle with zram . 
  that 's more the work on the kernel than fedora . 
  these things work out of the box with most of the recently released distro 's ( at least it did when i tried manjaro ) . 
  the advantage of hgb 's version are the tweaks . 
  you 'll notice the trackpad does n't work as good . 
  also , with 2gb of ram on my device , zram is such a great addition . 
  gui is of course a personal preference , but to me it seems that unity makes much better use of the small screen than gnome does . 
  that 's more the work on the kernel than fedora . 
  these things work out of the box with most of the recently released distro 's ( at least it did when i tried manjaro ) . 
  the advantage of hgb 's version are the tweaks . 
  you 'll notice the trackpad does n't work as good . 
  also , with 2gb of ram on my device , zram is such a great addition . 
  gui is of course a personal preference , but to me it seems that unity makes much better use of the small screen than gnome does . 
  another option would be using chrome . 
  cast the tab to your chromecast , you can drag video files from nautilus into the chrome screen and it 'll start playing . 
  i 'm not sure if you still need ` chrome unstable ' for it , or whether these features are in the stable branch now too . 
  this should be the easier , but less advanced , option to plex . 
  have it since this week , it 's a beauty . 
  groningen is definitely an interesting example when it comes to ( transport ) planning . 
  [ impressie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbsdgzzglni ) van de treinstellen . 
  give manjaro a spin , their kde version is beautiful , up-to-date and quick . 
  spot on !, 
  once i learned how to use synaptic , i 've never let go of it . 
  it is perfect for package management , way more useful and powerful !, 
  embrace it , you 'll fall in love, 
  i took the risk of writing a quick reddit post . 
  i shall face the reddit consequences of every word being abused . 
  hope he 'll get up soon though , the day is aging . 
  [ can confirm !, 
  thanks so much for the awesome day ghiveta , many upvotes for you , and thank you reddit . 
  problem solved !, 
  i 'm with [ this ] ( https://www.wyffy.com/ ) provider , would definitely recommend !, 
  i also heard that they have the highest income inequality in europe , is any of that true ? 
  did they fix the nvidia driver problems ? 
  none of them worked for me with optimus / nvidia prime . 
  and also many important features missing . . 
  tried to use libreoffice for engineering class , tried plotting graphs ... wasted a full day and switched to ms office 2010 . 
  however ` powerful ' or good lo may be , i do n't see the progress or any catching up on ms office . 
  maybe i 'll try again in a couple of years , but if i see the exact same user interface again , i 'll pass . 
  - edit - not to mention equations in writer ... 
  mine feels like it could go for at least another year ( or two ) . 
  definitely fireworks . 
  nothing to worry about , unless it 's stored in big seacontainers close to each other in the middle of a neighbourhood . 
  but then really . . when would that ever happen ? 
  sudo apt-get update & & sudo apt-get dist-upgrade, 
  problem with docking it this way is receiving calls , or am i missing something ? 
  i feared my life way more in nz being a pedestrian and cyclist ( leaving out earthquakes ) , than i fear dying in traffic or a terrorist attack combined here in denmark . 
  yes , bigger things happen in europe , but there 's 500 million of us here . 
  besides , attacks so far have mainly focussed on the big capitals . 
  i guess my fear would be slightly higher if i was living in paris or london . 
  did you do a clean install , dirty flash ? 
  do you need to flash a new gapps package after the upgrade ? 
  how do you guys feel about this protest ? 
  is it widely supported ? 
  how have you experienced rama 's first months as prime minister ? 
  i selected to replace them . 
  i have n't done a reboot yet , how do i replace it with the old/good one ? 
  i flew into wroclaw and went to both szklarska poreba and karpacz . 
  i would definitely prefer szklarska over karpacz ; nicer slopes , a little more choice . . 
  yet , be sure to check that the slopes are prepared and open !, 
  the north side of these mountains do n't often get huge piles of snow . 
  currently 8.1.1 , but they keep updating it for you . 
  i guess they 're slightly behind , as they keep things stable very well .
