  luckily not that much changed over the years , but i 'd love to run something more up to date for which i can have a licence ( office 365 + 2013 / 2016 ) . 
  what exactly do you need to use from office 365 ? 
  2013 now runs , but does n't support equation editor for example . 
  solver also caused me some issues in excel . 
  if your requirements are more basic , word-powerpoint-excel should be working at an acceptable level . 
  i 'm not sure about outlook + exchange and all that . 
  stupid big ugly fence . 
  gated communities are a sign of socio economic failures , so this does n't look like ' a nice village ' to me . 
  had c720 with gallium for two years . 
  fine little machine for web browsing and simple tasks , and even better battery life . 
  if your chromebook has full support for gallium , definitely go for it !, 
  your knowledge of species appears to be limited . 
  reminds me of transsylvania , the hills , entrance gates and towers of sibiu and sighisoara . 
  is one way of doing it . . 
  i always add weight equal parts water and flour , works great . 
  what would be the advantage of adding relatively more flour ? 
  how can that be explained when unity is largely made up of gnome ? 
  ~ ~ australia ~ ~ the southern hemisphere, 
  i ^ live ^ in ^ new ^ zealand, 
  this, 
  what makes people ( like me ) passionate about not losing unity ? 
  the form factor and layout ( space saving , gets out of the way ) , hud , sane keyboard shortcuts set up by default , trying to keep software sane ( where gnome really removed too much in e.g. 
  files/nautilus ) , and creating a smooth environment for workflow from the first login . 
  i am totally with you michael , i 'd love to see this ideology put forth in a default ubuntu plasma setup . 
  simplifying settings and polishing the look and feel ( global menu and active window control could be merged and streamlined ) . 
  i think switching away from gnome apps would n't be a big deal , i really like dolphin , and the apps i can not miss ( gthumb ) work just fine and integrate well into plasma . 
  the only thing that keeps me from switching now is that i can not be bothered setting it up . 
  i 'm on 17.04 , so i 'd have to install kubuntu or plasma packages , figure out what to do with the display manager , get rid of unity/gnome packages that become absolete without breaking the whole system altogether . 
  fiddle endlessly to get the theming , layout and settings right . 
  maybe someone can be bothered writing a script to create the desktop look & feel you have ? 
  that sourdough flavour never disappoints, 
  i 'd recommend the asus ux310ua . 
  slightly cheaper than xps for similar specs , but good build quality . 
  metal body , upgradeable , kaby lake , good battery life , 13 '' ( matte beautiful screen ) , light , backlit keyboard , sane placing of webcam ( i 'm looking at you xps13 . . ) . 
  not the best touchpad , but i use a mouse 99 % of the time , so no problem for me . 
  running manjaro kde now , as i think it is a better option compared to ubuntu + kde / kubuntu . 
  i use quite a bit of closed software ( masterpdf editor , spotify , mendeley , ms office through wine ) , and i found that it is not all smooth sailing using aur . 
  bugs , dependencies , and generally not as many packages available for manjaro as ubuntu . 
  i got it all working , eventually , but it required many more steps than ubuntu . 
  kde handles bluetooth ( and printers , and android phones ) way better than gnome and unity though . 
  i was absolutely unable to get bluetooth working properly ( a2dp in particular ) with my bluetooth speaker on ubuntu gnome and unity . 
  kde totally nailed this . 
  how about system integration ? 
  do notifications and integration with the sound menu work ? 
  is an application starter created in the start menu ? 
  oh it is n't . 
  if i 'd be the most sane me , i would be using ubuntu unity . 
  however , with ubuntu dropping support for unity in the future , i went de-hopping , and found that kde would be my next-best . 
  and if you really like kde , kde neon , opensuse or manjaro are your best options . 
  kde neon is nice because it is ubuntu based , but based on 16.04 and i need a ` new ' kernel ( for kaby lake ) and drivers ( for touchpad ) . 
  so i went for a user-friendly rolling distro ( opensuse or manjaro ) . 
  then i picked manjaro because it has access to aur , which has the software i mentioned in my previous post . 
  that said , package management feels like such a step back compared to ubuntu . 
  synaptic is lightning fast , whereas pacman/yaourt can take forever to build a package . 
  coming from arch , you probably want to try 17.04 . 
  i would only suggest 16.04 to you if you want to install it somewhere and not have to touch it for another 3 years or so . 
  lts is rock solid , but if you were savy enough to play with arch , you will want the latest ; 17.04 . 
  if you are tired of tinkering already , maybe you started off on the wrong foot . 
  what is your hardware ? 
  if you just want install and run , honestly , ( x ) ubuntu is your best bet . 
  with manjaro you might run into some software limitations , or aur issues sooner or later . 
  if you do n't see linux as a fun ` hobby ' ish project , do n't start on manjaro . 
  same here . 
  re-installed the whole machine ( win10 dualboot ) and lost two days . 
  switched to manjaro because i did n't identify the problem . 
  too lazy to go back now . 
  optimus when it was just out . 
  either not use your graphics card at all , or have it on full spin and heat up . 
  automatic hardware detection through extra drivers ruining the entire graphics config on ubuntu until just 2 years ago or so . 
  glad intel graphics got ` good enough ' for the average user now , i 'm happy without dedicated gpu and 8 + hr battery life on my zenbook . 
  and restricting fertiliser use , increase nutrient use efficiency through new agricultural practices . 
  hope i can find the setting once it 's implemented . 
  jokes aside , good that someone picked this up !, 
  as a ` simple ' desktop user , using the big distros that come with all the bells an whistles , responses like this fascinate me . 
  learn how its packages are managed , through repos and additional ppas for specific software . 
  install synaptic and get a feel of the speed and awesomeness of deb/dpkg/apt . 
  i haven ' tried debian itself , but i came across no other operating system that handles packages as speedily and smooth as ubuntu ( and its flavors ) . 
  luckily , if you really miss it , there is a well-working solution if you 're willing to try kde . 
  not sure to what extent gnome extensions do the same though . 
  indeed . 
  keep her on an lts , and your life is worry free . 
  i was also curious to try manjaro , for myself , not for someone else who ` just want the computer to work ' . 
  i want it , but i want it to have whatsapp , good email and calendar , nextcloud , skype , professionals maps and gps tools , spotify for my bluetooth car radio , connectivity with my gps smartwatch , firefox , snapchat , and an app to control my gimbal ... 
  so that 'll never happen . 
  mokee os is my friend . 
  alcohol consumption as a % of income would be interesting too ... ? 
  but what does that do to ` rapid ' ? 
  the combination of bike + subway / s-bahn makes a better combination than making the train stop more often imho . 
  physical representation of metric vs imperial, 
  i like to have only the apps running that i actually use . 
  motorola 's android is pretty close to stock , but there are still a lot of apps i have disabled . 
  which one did you get rid of ? 
  my list :, 
  * assist, 
  * cloud print, 
  * drive, 
  * google play books, 
  * google play games, 
  * google play movies & tv, 
  * google play music,
