  greatest net receiver of eu funds afaik . 
  starting to look like russian trolls there in poland ( information war ) , did n't know the situation was that bad . 
  no bolshevik revolution without that connection, 
  my chromebook stuggles because 2gb ram is n't really enough to run the latest ubuntu + browser ( + anything else ) . 
  how will that work out on a tablet ? 
  my chromebook sucks when ubuntu , unity + services take up almost 1gb of ram , and my browser does the same ? 
  i can run it , sure , but xubuntu is definitely a better option here . 
  i am just suggesting that 2gb of ram is maybe a bit low . 
  if only they could invest such a sum of money in light rail and bike infra in the city . . 
  i was planning to use gnome , so that should n't be a problem , 
  for ubuntu , you just need to install the libgcrypt package , after that spotify will run smoothly and there is a repo , so it updates automatically . 
  i 'm not planning to move away from firefox . 
  is it just a wrapper for play.spotify.com ? 
  i have a gallium os installation , the latest version and updated . 
  the only thing i added was the ubuntu-desktop collection package but without software-center . 
  so technically i 'm on gallium os with a unity de . 
  the kernel , drivers , touchpad drivers are all gallium os , that 's why i post my question here . 
  tried all the links you shared before , nothing ubuntu based works as a fix . 
  to be as good , and with an interface as pleasantly beautiful designed as with lotus symphony . 
  face slim is another option , almost identical to facebook lite , but available in f-droid . 
  i see what you did there, 
  as an ubuntu user who tried to switch , think very carefully about what applications you use now , and check whether these are all available on opensuse . 
  some commercial software is available with good support for ubuntu , but not packed for other linux operating systems . 
  i need to use mendeley for university work . 
  i prefer using linux because of how it can handle packages . 
  i like having all of that sorted through repositories . 
  even though ppa 's can be a bit messy , in my experience ubuntu offers more repository held commercial software that i use . 
  ca n't find them ... sometimes, 
  using onenote 2010 on wine as well . 
  i have been looking for a long time , but nothing comes close to onenote 's convenience in my opinion . 
  the way of organizing notes and being able to use ` screen clipping ' is perfect for students . 
  for example clipping out the most important slides in a presentation to put in my onenote summary . 
  i do n't use it during lectures , i use it to make a cross-summary between my notes , the presentation slides and parts of the literature . 
  i really like papirus icons . 
  it 's almost perfect , but needed a little tweak for unity to fully function with arc-darker . 
  under arc-dark or any other dark theme it should work perfectly . 
  looks like an overly complex and expensive way of doing things . 
  i 've lived in two cities that implemented [ all directions green ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiqcei97m74 ) , perfect organized chaos . 
  any other system felt like a step back since . 
  i used to be a pizza delivery guy . 
  the moment i got myself a pizza delivered i wish the delivery guy a nice meal , take my pizza and close the door . 
  what a lot of people commenting do not include in their argument , is the point that op makes about keeping up with changes and moving forward . 
  both projects seem to have a limited amount of developers for a large codebase and a large amount of sub-projects/programs . 
  i have tried both environments on my chromebook the last months , and with both i felt a lack of coherence and full functionality . 
  things are missing , look out of place or look downright outdated . 
  what i miss is a modern , gtk3 based yet lightweight and traditional desktop for my chromebook . 
  it now looks like there will be two de 's trying to achieve this , but it feels like both are falling behind in doing so in time . 
  now i have switched back to an environment that is actually too heavy , waiting for the lubuntu 16.10 release ( hopefully ) with lxqt . 
  it systems engineer is the way to go . 
  not the fuzzy flashy useless apps , but hardcore cloud server systems shizzle side stuff . 
  you can get a job anywhere in the world with such a skill . 
  you do n't even need to go to university for that , just get [ your ass cerified ] ( https://training.linuxfoundation.org/ ) , get some experience , and rule the world . 
  in what field is your internship ? 
  still rockin ' it on cm13 . 
  beautiful thing , especially with the flip shell . 
  i hope to use it for another year , and that by that time there will be good models available with the same form factor . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  are any of the parts you visited threatened by logging now ? 
  did that bill pass at all ? 
  office 2010 in wine gladly keeps me from installing w10 , 
   from your big bro, 
  this happens to me . 
  is there a workaround/fix ? 
  the project is dead . 
  playonlinux + office 2010 . 
  smooth installation , no messing around with wine . 
  it has been my go to for the last year . 
  i 'm a student , ca n't cough up the monthly expenses for that . 
  i live in the cbd , so rentals and car sharing is nearby . 
  my mind misread the title , my enthusiasm was short-lived . 
  we have the same hopes . 
  more stable is what i would say . 
  i have tried kde ( kubuntu and opensuse ) many times over the past couple of years , but mainly sticked with unity and gnome . 
  a month ago i switched to kubuntu , and sticked with it this time . 
  plasma has come a long way , and once you 're all set up and have everything changed to how you want it , you can expect decent stability . 
  but whilst setting everything up ( adjusting panels , launchers , themes , keyboard shortcuts etc. 
  ) , i experienced many crashes of the plasma shell . 
  no big deal , it does restart fine , but definitely more buggy than unity and gnome . 
  now that i am set up though , i am loving the kde-connect integration , dolphin and desktop widgets . 
  zuk z2 is underway . 
  unfortunately the limited storage , bad camera , and a nearly broken charge port made me decide to move on . 
  great phone though , might keep it and use it as a navigation device . 
  no yeast ? 
  sourdough culture = yeast, 
  so there 's `` added '' ( wild ) yeast \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  same for overleaf , 
  my uni package that does a sweet job on linux :, 
  * mendeley ( reference and pdf manager/viewer ), 
  * ibm spss, 
  * qgis, 
  * on the web : overleaf latex, 
  2013 is still runs poorly in wine , but crossover office might have it sorted soon . 
  2007 and 2010 work very smoothly , i 've been using that for my uni work . 
  i thought wps for linux is pretty much dead ? 
  mendeley has a plugin for openoffice to make referencing a breeze . 
  it is a decent library and article manager too . 
  what battery life are you getting out of it ? 
  which is easier , creating a snap from source , or creating it from an existing . deb ? 
  can i therefore create a snap out of the latest mendeley . deb and install it in opensuse ? 
  as long as equation editor does n't work on 2013 under wine/crossover , i am ` stuck ' with 2010 .
