once in a lifetime , akp did something good . 
  i will not accept an organisation that supports terrorism/pkk as a political party in my country . 
  genetics are not everything . 
  yes we mixed and lived with anatolian people for thousands of years and our genes become different from our relatives from central asia but we managed to preserve our culture and traditions . 
  i know ottomans are my ancestors but i love pre-islamic turkic khanates more than them or seljuqs , just genetically being distant to `` original '' turks does n't mean i can not see myself as a turkish person or identify myself as a turk . 
  more photos from the area http://imgur.com/a/vu8da, 
  meh , it 's okay . 
  we do n't believe that the union will let turkey to join too . 
  it 's just politicians playing in a playground , trying to get somethings from each other . 
  it would be weird but i do not have any idea about donald trump . 
  maybe they 're alike , i dunno but i found the video i mentioned with english subtitles , you can watch it from [ this link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scmkmwisjts ) ( do n't forget to open subtitles at the right corner ), 
  there is a popular video series on youtube called `` bir ba\u015fbakan \u0130ki erdo\u011fan ( one prime minister two erdo\u011fan ) '' . 
  it shows exactly this , how he can change its words or deny what he said in a short time . 
  edit . 
  i found the video i mentioned earlier , it can be watched from [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scmkmwisjts ) ( do n't forget to open subtitles at the right corner ), 
  are you serious ? 
  do you addressing fetullah gulen saying `` illuminati style evil organization which apparently has strategically places people in all turkish institutions . '', 
  if yes , it 's not a laughable thing . 
  those guys rooted every department in the state from healthcare , education to army ; it 's real . 
  i myself went to their schools for 3 years from 6th grade to 8th because of forcing by my family . 
  guess who helped them , erdogan . 
  they were very good allies until they started to fight for power . 
  just this kind of situation ca n't happen/didn ' t happened in europe , it does n't mean it 's fake or unreal . 
  i know i 'm gon na downvoted but please read and learn somethings before you speak about a country you even do n't have a slightest idea . 
  turkey is wrong about this situation too . 
  they started to attack western countries like mad bulldogs instead of correctly informing them about what happened , what they 're suspecting and why , what they are going to do about the issue etc. 
  this guy lost his mind while trying to gain more and more power . 
  he helped gulen himself to gain this much power , and now he 's blaming western countries for the coup attempt . 
  they 're living in germany , working in germany , get paid by germany but when election time comes , they vote for erdo\u011fan . 
  in the end , it 's us who 're dealing with election results while they lay around in their homes . . like wtf !? 
  come and live in turkey if you want erdo\u011fan so much and stop causing disturbance in another countries, 
  dividing countries and building boundaries for their own desires . 
  i would like to live in a thracian republic or a coastal state with a secular president actually but turkey will never be divided . 
  they even started to attack main opposition 's cars and officials while they were campaigning for no vote . 
  they 're out of control . 
  yes . 
  akp side is voting just for erdo\u011fan . 
  the party would n't be able to gain such high percentages without him . 
  he knows how to manipulate people and he 's a good demagogue . 
  his voters following him no matter what as like sheeps follows their shepherd ... 
  there were bribery and corruption cases few years ago . 
  erdo\u011fan 's and some highly ranked ministers ' and party officials ' voice records had been leaked . 
  when i show this to my parents , they only said ; even if those news are true , let him steal the money . 
  our country prospered under his rule , he build roads and bridges . 
  he 's investing so we do n't care he steals or not . 
  you can roughly imagine a general akp-voter 's mentality from this sentences . 
  disgraceful . 
  undecided people will determine the final results . 
  there is a lot of polls , a lot of results and all of them says different things . 
  a small percentage will decide the winning side . 
  i still have hope , yes . 
  because this package even got a reaction from some akp-supporters too . 
  media and the government working hard to win but there 's also a strong no side . 
  there 's still a solid `` no '' front he wo n't be able to pierce . 
  as i said before ; he tried to blame us , no-voters as terrorists , coup-helpers , pkk-supporters etc. 
  it did n't work , even some voters passed to no side after those speeches . 
  now he 's attacking foreign powers to attract some nationalist votes because he desperately needs to increse yes side . 
  there are a lot of polls , a lot of results and all of them says different things . 
  the main result will be very very close and he knows it . 
  he 's working to gain undecided ones while trying to block no-side . 
  there are a lot of pools and all of them says different things . 
  i really can not say what will the results be but it will be extremely close . 
  akp passed this amendment with the help of ultra-right mhp . 
  most of their mp 's and their leader ( devlet bah\u00e7eli ) strongly supporting the change . 
  also he 's firing the mp 's who 's speaking against the amendment one by one . 
  mhp voters gone crazy after this because the people he fired from the party had high support from generally everyone . 
  even though mhp 's `` ruling class '' says yes , their voters mostly will say no . 
  situtaion right now seems like akp+mhp vs. everyone else right now . 
  media working strongly in favor of erdo\u011fan , they 're not letting a single opposition voice to be heard on tv 's for example ; but there are some polls still showing a strong `` no '' side and even some favoring it as a winning one . 
  presidential system is for democratic countries only . 
  turkey is ** not ** a democratic country and does n't have a free and neutral judicial powers to support the presidential system unlike , for example the usa . 
  we 'll all know what happens to a third world country if it changes its governmental system to presidential . 
  also why it should n't be normal to have a prime minister and a president at the same time ? 
  president must be * neutral * and * symbolic * , he/she represents the state not the government . 
  parliamentary system is the best one for turkey . 
  it 's article 146 . 
  the numbers i wrote is wrong though , it would be 12 president - 3 parliament , not 13-2 . 
  i changed them , thanks . 
  although since president will not cut his/her ties with political parties , his/her mp 's will be decide the parliament 's nominees for supreme court . 
  so pratically it 's the president who will choose all the supreme court members . 
  i 'm living at istanbul , but i have to go to my hometown ( ankara ) to vote . 
  actually i just need to change my residance address from my parents house to my dormitory in order to vote in here but i want to spend some time with them since i 'll be free for couple of days, 
  i already booked my flight , 
  yes , the whole amendment is about making erdo\u011fan the only ruler . 
  he says no-voters are terrorists , coup-helpers , pkk-supporters , fet\u00d6-members all the time , without hesitation . 
  he also claims if we vote yes ; kurdish conflict will end , the terror will finish , the economy will improve eventhough there is not a single article which is related to this issues . 
  they 're trying really hard to pass this package . 
  [ there is a very detailed wikipedia article about out upcoming referendum if anyone interested ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017 ) they want to abolish prime minister position and give all the executive powers to the president , aka . 
  they also decreased the grand assembly 's power to inspect executive branch , so our parliament will not have a say about the cabinet which president is going to decide its members . 
  president will be able to meddle with higher judicial bodies too , he will be able to assign ~ ~ 13 ~ ~ 12 members of the supreme court ( total 15 , parliament will assign other ~ ~ two ~ ~ three ) so principle of seperation of powers will be crushed also . 
  even though sending the president to the supreme court will be easier , it needs 400 mp 's out of 600 so it 's pratically impossible . 
  the president will not cut it ties with his/her political party , so he/she will have a connection to legislative branch also . 
  there 's more to discuss but it 's becoming a long one ; so just reply if you have any questions about the referendum or the amendment package . 
  the union you 're referring to defend your ideas , e\u011fitim-bir-sen is an islamist and pro-akp/pro-erdo \u011fanist group . 
  thanks for the article . 
  edit . 
  now i see that you 're posting same things over and over , repeated a gazillion times . 
  your whole profile is built up on pure turkish/turkey hate . 
  i recommend you to seek professional help . 
  akp-supporters are like sheeps , they 're following our beloved sultan erdo\u011fan no matter what .
