  it 's okay if the country asks europe to send troops to uphold the peace if their own police forces are n't enough . 
  the way you worded it makes you seem very serious and delusional , yes . 
  because at the surface you do n't talk about california , texas , mississippi , kansas etc pp and the netherlands . 
  you talk about the usa and the netherlands . 
  in the same light you can look at op 's picture and only see belgium , the netherlands and germany . 
  not the many states they are made up of . 
  east germany for instance is n't in the blue banana but you never hear anybody separating east and west germany at the international level . 
  yet part of my taxes still supports east germany . 
  but how is that connected to the percentages ? 
  if you look at the us then a low population density should actually be a good thing . 
  yet that 's not the case if you look at flanders and wallonia . 
   frank , second from left around here we call that `` middle '' . 
  really ? 
  why not ? 
  i 've never heard of texas and california attending the olympics separately . 
  yes , europe is n't as tight as the us yet . 
  but you 'll have to start at some point , do n't you think ? 
  probably . 
  but against whom ? 
  the romanian people in romania ? 
  i 'd hazard a guess that it 's against the gypsies in their own country the hate is directed at . 
  i wonder if you can back this up with anything . 
  i live in western europe and we certainly are aware of the difference between romanians and sinti & roma or gypsies . 
  here in germany we even say `` rum\u00e4nen '' for romanians which seperates the two even further . 
  i also have never heard about lots of hate against romanians around here . 
  we know they exist over there . 
  that 's mostly it . 
  i guess we watch different news . 
  but hey , there are germans fleeing to the balaton because they do n't feel save any more with all those refugees arriving in germany . 
  and thinking that the majority of people would n't look down on a wooping 3.3 % of the population is apparently out of the question too . 
  it 's not like gypsies in your country even make up a very noticeable amount . 
  all i 've read so far is finding some reason to diss a minority . 
  but hey , we have those too . 
  i know a guy who constantly talks about how to get out of the tiny room he lives in when he finds a real jobs . 
  and then he gets a real job and tells his coworkers that he will do this for 2 weeks and then just call in sick until they kick him out . 
  you know what i call him ? 
  a german . 
  because every country has those . 
  and of course every gypsy is like that just like every refugee in germany is a rapist ? 
  i do n't have that fear at all . 
  what is the percentage of refugees in germany right now ? 
  maybe 2 % ? 
  you are far more likely to find a turkish german . 
  and what is their percentage ? 
  i 'm not so sure about what the biggest minority in germany is but i 'd hazard a guess that it 's something between poland and russia , because we have a lot of people with east european names around here . 
  but guess what : those are germans with east european names . 
  my last roommate had a russian name and he is by any means german . 
  so no , there will be no `` german pedophiles '' any time soon . 
  and i have a feeling that there is n't just one side to this story . 
  it 's not all about gypsies not wanting to integrate . 
  it 's also about romanians not wanting to integrate them . 
  sure . 
  i can live with that . 
  but i 'm certain that a few people in here ca n't . 
  yes , yes . 
  i see . 
  everything else is really simple but your own country is complex beyond measure . 
  maybe you want to throw most dutch into the same pot because they can speak german and look like us . 
  so no . 
  neither are german speaking belgians germans nor are austrians . 
  have they lived in romania all their life or did they just recently move into your country ? 
  there are people in belgium who only speak german yet they are still belgians . 
  i wonder how you think about them . 
  well . 
  here around where i live in west germany we call them zigeuner and not rum\u00e4nen . 
  so i was thinking that you were talking about gypsies in your own country . 
  and i provided a possible answer for your question . 
  so you are saying that people who were very likely born in your country are not romanian but still gypies because ... what ? 
  racism ? 
  because romania is right in the path of gypsies that came to europe from india ? 
  http://www.nature.com/ejhg/journal/v19/n9/fig_tab/ejhg201161f3.html edit : before i have an angry romanian mob standing at my door : i do n't care if half the german population is suddenly syrian . 
  those people will either be german in a few years or will know why they are not . 
  saying that gypsies who have lived in romania for decades or were even born in your country are not romanian is just you being racist . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  plastic and metal do n't breath so they do n't collect humidity ( meaning they do n't absorb it ) . 
  instead it accumulates on the surface and if it 's cool too then that 's great for mold . 
  that site is n't just for europe : https://teleport.org/compare/paris-vs-san-francisco-bay-area/ edit : and i might have to remind you that you can change the cities !, 
  code commented in german is still better than code not commented at all is still better than code with cryptic function/variable names . 
  i do n't know . 
  there are some pretty big sites for a lot of languages in german . 
  knowing english does help of course . 
  two source are better than one . 
  all wrong . 
  it 's c++ and java . 
  although i also like delphi/pascal . 
   certain sources and those would be ? 
  tumblr blogs that also talk about clouds passing behind the sun ? 
   the graphite was hardly dry wat ? 
  good thing they have n't watched chronicles of riddick yet . 
  imagine turkey banning cups because you can use them in coups to kill people . 
  you live in germoney ? 
  where is that ? 
  but at least we understand satire when we see it , right / u/imagineryskydaddy ? 
  especially from a magazine that only publishes satire . 
   i do n't know why you say tourism is n't real . 
  he did n't write that nor did he mean that . 
  that 's because both are romance languages and `` austria '' was the latin name for ( i think ) lower austria . 
  germanic languages all use `` east empire '' or maybe `` east realm '' for austria with the exception being english : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_of_austria#other_languages the wikipedia article also mentions the arabic name for austria being `` an-nims\u0101 '' ( or google translate : `` alnnamsa '' ) while australia is '' ` usturalia '' . 
  he said `` mostly from the us '' because in other languages there is quite the difference between the names .
