  i did n't say it was . 
  / r/luxembourg did . 
  oh i like your cities with all those grachten . 
  but i regularly bike through the netherlands ' `` mountain region '' and there are a lot of tourists . 
  i 'd say you guys like them high and dry mountains too . 
  we wanted to go to luxembourg last silvester and when i asked about where to go in / r/luxembourg everybody told me that there were no good places , only overpriced shit holes . 
  dutch is more like yogurt in spaceballs clearing his throat while looking at the medallion . 
  at least to me as a german . 
  in england there is a place called slaughter . 
  i would n't go there by night . 
  i do n't get it . 
  turkey is not joining the eu any time soon . 
  and what does that map even show ? 
  the ukraine is n't in the eu . 
  neither is switzerland . 
  okay . 
  maybe i need to add `` in public '' to my comment above . 
  also maybe `` general population '' . 
  a catholic primary school in a very small village sounds very private to me . 
  this is not something even a very religious christian would do :  and the muslims ' prayers have become far more visible because in some cases and they have used the hallways to pray . 
  as you can see on the left it says how many euros your pocket will feel lighter per ton of co2 . 
  france spends 1400 euros per ton of co2 and finland pays 20ish . 
  it 's `` veni vidi vici '' `` vidi veni vici '' is when you watch porn . 
  and who will spread those words ? 
  and who ensures that nobody will go in after you and spread other `` truths '' ? 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's propaganda meant to tell their own people not to like germans anymore . 
  you do n't even need training to fuck up like that . 
  nope . 
  british zone . 
  but i never see soldiers anywhere . 
  til i 'm british when on vacation . 
  where did you go ? 
  my father originally is not from here and even he told me that people in my city are rude . 
  when you walk into a store you are n't greeted with a smile or even a fake smile but often simply ignored because `` fuck customers '' . 
  but it 's a whole different world in the next city 40km away . 
  so depending on where you went you might have `` come to the wrong neighborhood '' . 
  was that you being funny ? 
  judging from your previous comment i would have never guessed that you knew any germans at all . 
  interesting to see how you threw away the whole stereotypes thing in a mere 16 minutes . 
  and how often do you explain humor to a german ? 
  that too seems like a guess to me . 
  i still believe that the germans see the british through the media . 
  like in this case : http://i.imgur.com/yrhe9hm.jpg although this is already something for young educated germans who read english news or surf on english speaking websites . 
  would be interesting to know what british people think of germany and where those believes come from . 
  i doubt that you , / u/honey-badger , know a lot of germans apart from `` over the internet '' or see a lot of them in your everyday life that are not tourists . 
  no problem . 
  just wanted to clarify . 
  it really comes down to how close you live to a base . 
  even the nato airbase i mentioned is already so far away that you never hear anything about it or anybody who works there . 
  and for me brussels for instance is closer than paderborn and bielefeld ( which are very close together btw ) . 
  `` around here '' did n't include all of nrw . 
  and paderborn and bielefeld both are far away from `` around here '' . 
  i first wanted to say that i must live in the wrong bundesland then . 
  but i looked it up and nrw was occupied by the british . 
  although the closest we have to a foreign base around here is a nato airbase and you do n't hear much about it while it is also predominantly american and german . 
  guess you 'd have to live really close to a base to have that kind of experience . 
  so you can laugh about others but not about yourself ? 
  is this your best guess as to why germans think about the british that way ? 
  because i 've never seen a single british soldier in germany or heard about them drinking and fighting and keeping brothels in business . 
  this might of course be true , but since me or my friends never heard about this : how are we supposed to think about them like this if we do n't know ? 
  the british image in germany is created by the media . 
  the last royal wedding was broadcast in germany for instance . 
  if i buy an iphone and scratch off the logo i still gave money to apple . 
  not seeing how this benefits them . 
  christian believes and christian values are two different things . 
  imagine he-man having a realistic look . 
  that show would have been cancelled after half an episode . 
  just the government ? 
  luxembourgers like to eat dog , eh ? 
  also you can see the difference between pre-processed foods and the raw ingredients : the wages for the cooks and the costs for the cooking . 
  speaking english with other europeans that probably do n't speak my language ? 
  do you actually need an answer to that question ? 
  because reddit is an american site . 
  also english is the defacto international language to speak . 
  that does n't mean that britain is important though . 
  it just means that it was important in the past . 
  how about we do n't even give an afterthought about you doing so ? 
  there is no real resistance of letting you leave . 
  there is only a `` what is taking them so long ? 
  let them leave . 
  let 's see how this works out for them . 
  not surprising . 
  keep the masses dumb and they will believe anything . 
  [ are there any women here today ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miaorkns1dk ), 
  but not two !, 
  i recently read that your grandfather plants the trees and you cut them down . 
  that means that you will not see the trees cut down you plant yourself . 
  and yet germany making fun of erdogan has nothing to do with islamic extremists in syria . 
  neither do the reactions of the `` erdogan fanboys '' as / u/2a1za put it . 
  they might be affiliated in some way , but you ca n't always throw everybody in the same pot because of that . 
  that 's like saying `` every muslim is a terrorist '' . 
  there are spanish terrorists and there are terrorists in ireland , yet i doubt that the majority of them are muslims . 
  not everything is about them . 
  you do realize that in the age of auto correct and google translate this should n't matter ? 
  do n't insult unless you know how to spell . 
  there are no cows involved in kowtow . 
  is it though ? 
  is n't the turkish government actually trying to bring the country back to whatever they think is better than the democratic and secular state they started with ?
