i am presuming there is a list of refugees that were moved to different countries after being registered ? 
  but you are also presuming that those people will tell you that they were registered in another country . 
  it goes both ways . 
  for me speaking english is comparable to getting your tongue stunned so you ca n't pronounce everything as sharp . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjhpa4lmldo&amp;t=3m25s ) mila kunis says that you can say loving things in russian and to others it sounds like yelling at each other . 
  and dan soder thinks [ russian is scary sounding ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orisc764nn4 ) . 
  this is of course russian and not german , but i guess that everything east of the uk sounds `` scary '' and/or like screaming to english speaking folks . 
  i 'm no expert here but it probably belongs to the expansion zone of the franks ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/franks ) . 
  that 's why there is a frankfurt am main and a frankfurt an der oder . 
  because it literally says that the franks passed over the main and oder at those points . 
  a furt is a point in a river where the water is shallow enough to let people , horses and carriages pass to the other side . 
  i do n't deny that . 
  just that you ca n't wonder about a name 's slavic origin if the name does n't sound slavic anymore . 
  you realize that bratislava is the capital of slovacia and is quite far away from even the most eastern settlement in germany , right ? 
  the makes of eurotrip fucked up on that one , i think . 
  the only eastern city i 've ever visited is dresden . 
  and to me that does n't sound very slavic . 
  apart from that i 've never looked into city names in eastern germany . 
  but i 'm looking at them right now and names like `` frankfurt '' , `` cottbus '' or `` bautzen '' still sound pretty german to me . 
  your second map of course shows the polish names for those . 
  but that would be like saying `` l\u00fcttich '' sounds very german . 
  because that 's the german name for the city li\u00e8ge in belgium . 
  i 'd really like to know where you got that from . 
  looking at this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq0knfs_m44 and i do n't see germany still having land in the east it did n't initially possess . 
  actually a lot of what is now poland used to be germany . 
  so in a sense they had the chance and succeeded . 
  everything is edible . 
  if you are not a pussy . 
  that gif really takes it time loading . 
  that island on the left of italy is corsica . 
  but the upper one . 
  the lower one is sardinia . 
  and bastia and ajaccio are the capitals of the two french departments on corsica . 
  i just think that you are n't able to think . 
  i did n't compare a 15yo boy to unemployed adults on benefits . 
  that was still you . 
  it 's interesting to see that northern ireland and england are separate entities although not separate countries , but you do n't see different french departments competing . 
  who needs georgia and azerbaijan , right ? 
  that 's some pretty awful way to go from anywhere on corsica to rome . 
  wow . 
  so you are comparing a 15yo boy who basically agreed to work an illegal job to unemployed adults who get money from the state ? 
  those do n't have any relation . 
  just shows that you are grasping for straws . 
  again . 
  insults . 
  great . 
  just shows that your arguments are all hot air and you do n't know any better . 
  and a one-sided wordpress blog is any different ? 
  you have yet to show me a quote where i said that or where i basically said that . 
  and before i forget it : that wordpress blog does n't seem to be anything but very anti-government and anti-rich . 
  that 's hardly a credible source . 
  and as i already said : that just shows that you think the little guy is never at fault and the rich and the government are to blame for everything that happens to him . 
  oh and just to show you that i know how to google before dismantling you every time so far : http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/unemployed-offered-unpaid-work-experience-6270061  he said : these positions , they are not mandatory in any way . 
  they are completely voluntary . 
   claiming we could sanction people for not taking on the positions is absolutely ludicrous . 
  i found others but i ca n't be bothered to put more unpaid work into this . 
   if you were to argue it 's good that people are being forced to work for # 1 an hour i never said that . 
  why do you keep telling me that i said that ? 
  seriously . 
  please quote me if you want . 
  you know what ? 
  bring me some evidence that people are being exploited and i might stop wondering if you are just some unemployed troll sitting at home all day and telling the internet how everybody else is at fault . 
  those unpaid work experiences you are ranting about are n't even compulsory . 
  you are still wrong . 
  those companies are n't exploiting people on benefits that work for them . 
  at most they are exploiting the tax payers who actually pay for the unemployment benefits . 
  those people on benefits still work and get their pay . 
  it does n't matter where the money actually comes from . 
  as i 've already shown you they can work at least 45 hours per week if they are getting the maximum of unemployment and housing benefits . 
  there is no sense in saying they are working for free if they are still receiving money through other sources . 
  but there would n't be any jobs in the first place if they were n't subsidized by those unemployment benefits . 
  you might want to think about that first . 
  man , your delusions are deeply rooted . 
  i 've earned my money myself and i could quit right now and take on another 6 month internship if it meant i 'd be getting something out of it . 
  you want to know why ? 
  because i know how to save money instead of buying shit left and right . 
  if you want a job then you can have one . 
  always . 
  with minimum wage even . 
  want to know why you are n't getting one ? 
  because of your shitty cv . 
  and yes , i do hate people on benefits . 
  but only those who refuse to work for the money they are getting . 
  i 'm not seeing the hypocrisy here . 
  you keep saying `` work for nothing '' . 
  regardless of how many times i tell you that they get money . 
  who is hell bent here ? 
   checkered cv like it matters to a shelf stacking job . 
  of course . 
  nobody desires to hire someone who got fired after a day here and worked for 2 days there . 
   how about you work for free for a few months then you can decide . 
  i 've done that . 
  for 6 months actually . 
  and i did n't receive any unemployment benefits . 
  so you are just going to not acknowledge that people receiving jobseeker 's allowance are also eligible for housing benefits ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/housing-benefit/what-youll-get ) i see that you can get up to # 260.64 for 1 bedroom . 
  that raises the possible work hours per week to at least a wooping 45 !, 
  i 'm still not seeing how working while receiving unemployment benefits is working for free . 
  i 'm also not sure if you know how much paperwork and thus manhours are involved with hiring and unhiring someone compared to what basically is working for/through a temp agency . 
  there is a very great risk in directly hiring someone who has been on unemployment benefits and has a checkered cv .
