  the most asians i see in germany are chinese students . 
  i do n't remember if i 've ever seen a filipino . 
  this should tell you that you need to start using a vpn to hide your geo location . 
  but it 's a basic right to break out of prison in germany . 
  how does that add up ? 
   since it 's been determined the original poster was a native english speaker i somehow completely misread that in his comment . 
  i thought he was a native czech and just their equivalent of a hillbilly . 
  and yes , i know native english speakers get formal education in english as well . 
  but only after they 've already learned how to speak the language . 
  the difference is that a non-native speaker typically has been formally educated in english whereas a native speaker would have learned most of it from his or her parents . 
  i get why native english speakers use `` could of '' and i know such things are hard to get rid of . 
  but how do you learn this as a non-native speaker ? 
  i understood it just fine . 
  it 's astounding that you 'd expect otherwise when somebody makes a comment like mine . 
  but it surprises me that someone from the czech republic writes like a 3rd grader hillbilly . 
   would n't of wat ? 
  so do n't start at some point ? 
  better let the chinese take over africa to exploit their cheap labor ? 
  a lot of the recent high quality roads in eastern africa are built by them so they have better access to their labor and natural resources . 
  a lot of them know the other language anyway . 
  so there 's no real harm . 
  but it 's the same in wallonia . 
  there are no dutch announcements or dutch displays on trains while they are in wallonia . 
  just seems fair that there is n't anything french on trains while they are in flanders . 
  yes . 
  dutch only in the north and french only in the south . 
  and that train travels along their border . 
  people in brussels speak french . 
  people outside of brussels speak dutch . 
  you have to travel a bit south before they speak french again . 
  on a side note : it 's funny how the language changes on trains . 
  the one from li\u00e8ge to brussels changes it a few times for the displays and the announcements . 
   why do n't you move ? 
  ever heard that every human shits out at least a 100 dollars per day ? 
  neither have i. 
  moving means having to spend a lot of money . 
  and then you also need to be able to get a job in your destination country . 
  since everybody us saying `` same in x '' i 'm going to suggest that this might be the case around europe . 
  we only divide the american `` middle east '' further in german . 
  everything until iran is `` naher osten '' , but afghanistan for instance is still `` mittlerer osten '' . 
  those links have maps : https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/naher_osten https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mittlerer_osten, 
  depends on what you actually mean when you say `` nationalism '' . 
  communism and socialism for instance are essentially good things when you read their actual definitions ( on wikipedia for instance . 
  go look it up ) . 
  but how many countries are there and have been that labelled themselves as communist or socialist countries and were and are actually totalitarian nations and/or dictatorships ? 
  what is a nationalist to you ? 
  an american nationalist to an american is someone proudly chanting `` u !, 
  a german nationalist to an american is a nazi . 
  and what does that mean ? 
  probably a racist and an antisemitist . 
  what does it actually stand for ? 
  `` national socialist '' . 
  and again the actual definition of socialism is n't bad , neither is being a nationalist . 
  being a nazi actually has a completely different meaning , namely being a fascist . 
  nah , not for that . 
  what makes me a monster is that those paulaners are alcohol-free . 
  my kwak glass has been used for so many paulaners , it 's already telling everybody it is bavarian . 
  as a teenager i stayed with a nice family in england for a few weeks . 
  all they did was make tea in the microwave and let their kindergarten-aged children drink it at least twice a day . 
  of an english comic ? 
  it 's an english word . 
  how do you pronounce `` hashtag '' in german ? 
  when you do , please say miim . 
  people saying mai-mai are idiots . 
  op did ask for notable differences . 
  if you do n't notice it then it 's at least not noticable . 
  since you mentioned this : what i did notice in the east is the amount of houses just left to rot . 
  it 's not an overwhelming amount , but i 've actually never really seen this in the west . 
  there are of course differences like you 've got differences between someone from los angeles and someone from new york . 
  mostly dialect though . 
  i 'm from the west ( hence the name ) and i 've been to the east a few times now and i honestly have to say that it did n't feel any different . 
  it does n't even feel emptier in the east . 
  there is still a city , town or village every few kilometers , they are just a bit smaller and that is n't even that noticeable . 
  there is n't even that much difference between brussels and prague to be honest . 
  and those are on opposite sites of germany and * outside * of germany . 
  force a few belgians to squat and a few czechs to speak french and you would n't be able to tell those cities apart from each other . 
  did n't you do that since roman times because they thought this was actually true ? 
  what articles ? 
  why did n't you link them ? 
  if he wants to dispose of the money after taking it home then that 's fine by me . 
  chinese students in my city normally try to get a permanent job in one of the many tech companies around here so they do n't have to go back ( greencard ) . 
  i heard of occasions where they were willing to work for half of what is normally paid just so they did n't have to go back . 
  so you should study in a field where there is real demand . 
  apart from that i 've also seen friends marry germans to get a permanent residency . 
  but that of course depends on how ugly and socially awkward you are . 
  since nobody has mentioned it so far : http://www.seat61.com/europe-train-tickets.htm this is the site to find cheap trains between cities . 
  and i 'm guessing you are going to sight-see a lot ? 
  then you should plan on staying 3-5 days in each big city depending on the size . 
  brussels for instance will take around 4 days if you want to see everything ( more if you want to visit museum for instance ) while bruges can be done in one day . 
  you can , but the picture op provided does n't show potatoes that were wrapped . 
  this :  cancer is usually associated with burning and this :  buried in ash are connected , do n't you think ? 
  looks to me like a good source for cancer . 
  in germany you can sleep in your car for one night in one place . 
  after that you better move the car and not just one parking spot over . 
  also if you 've been drinking then nobody should sit in the driver 's seat because that could be seen as an intent to drive drunk . 
  as for sleeping in your car in february : february is a winter month . 
  last time i slept in my car i brought my bedcover ( is that what you call it ? ), 
  and every little spot that was n't covered got super cold . 
  and that was in november before it got really cold outside . 
  i imagine that sleeping in your car in february could be very unpleasant .
