  here is an example for you : the air base ramstein is in germany , but it is an american air base , not a german air base . 
  so saying `` der deutsche luftst\u00fctzpunkt ramstein '' is totally wrong . 
  the only right way is to say `` der luftst\u00fctzpunkt ramstein in deutschland '' . 
  edit : since people keep pointing this out : regardless of the actual country the camps were in they were always * german * camps , * not polish * camps and my sole point is that there is a difference between `` polish camp '' and `` camp in poland '' since the guy i replied to said that those had the same meaning . 
  because the graphs google shows use values from the world bank ( there is a little `` source '' link beneath ) and the world bank measures everything in usd . 
  but why would the customers go to another platform if youtube is the only free one ? 
  that still needs some explaining on your part . 
  or did they do it to support ( physical ) prostitution ? 
  this is still tricky . 
  does the customer want a service that counts towards the data cap ? 
  not really . 
  so they stick with the services that are exempt . 
  they do that in other countries as well . 
  spotify in germany does n't count towards your t-mobile data cap . 
  uh , that 's close !, 
  i know where i 'm going this weekend . 
  if you 're close too then make it a triple , go to the vlooyberg tower and to that super long staircase in li\u00e8ge . 
  i do . 
  because one might think that scotland desperately wants to stay in the eu while northern ireland gets an easy way out . 
  have you never seen a football match ? 
  there is n't only one coach . 
  as soon as the game starts there are thousands of them . 
  all with a beer in their hands . 
  you people seriously need to take comments on reddit with a grain of salt . 
  of course a united country consisting of ireland and scotland is implausible . 
  but so is london joining the eu while the rest of the country exits . 
  and there have been plenty of comments about that on reddit so far . 
  there is even a comment about it in this very comment section . 
  i do n't either . 
  that 's why i wrote `` in the distance '' . 
  but the scottish will have a much harder time getting into the eu if they exit the uk and i 'm sure that some of them are thinking about my `` idea '' above as we speak . 
  do i hear a `` greater gaelic republic of ireland and scotland '' in the distance ? 
  [ no capes ] ( http://akns-images.eonline.com/eol_images/entire_site/2016326/rs_560x315-160426111718-incredibles2-edna-no-capes.gif ), 
  www.seat61.com is probably the best source for the cheapest train tickets . 
  you can end your trip in barcelona . 
  nice beaches and a lot to see in the old and the new parts of the city without being too far away from the core of europe . 
  apart from that i would suggest capital-hopping if you really want to see a lot of history . 
  and it 's save everywhere . 
  i 've been to several capitals in europe which i have also wandered around in at night and have never felt unsave . 
  remember in recent times how many people were frightened when someone next to them on a plane started to talk in a foreign language ? 
  or do you know if two foreigners standing next to you on the subway are not actually talking about you and insult you the whole time ? 
  so yes , that 's actually also the other side of the coin : most of the time it 's at least rude . 
  really ? 
  the answer is right in the next sentence . 
  there are two sides to every coin . 
  i know a lot who can speak perfect german but will speak turkish every chance they get . 
  that could of course pass as `` integrated , not assimilated '' . 
  but they also dodge taxes like crazy . 
  schwarzarbeit is a given with the people i know . 
  and of course collecting hartz iv at the same time . 
  i went to vienna last year and could really feel people change their opinion of me when i greeted them with `` hallo '' instead of `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott . '', 
  us lowlanders certainly are n't so caught up in making others speak our dialect . 
  inter-city express . 
  you wanted an explanation on why people might downvote that post . 
  i supplied the explanation . 
  do n't think that everybody reads more than the title . 
  route from milan to budapest for 68 $ : https://www.seat61.com/international-trains/trains-from-milan.htm#milan-budapest this site is probably the best for finding cheap train routes in europe ( and probably the world , have n't checked ) . 
  on there we found out that you can get a ticket from budapest to bratislava and back for 17,50 $ . 
  that 's super cheap for that kind of travel time . 
  probably because europe is not a country ? 
  i would n't call it `` offline '' . 
  on the go i only use my phone for texting and runtastic and do n't even notice that the connection is slowed down . 
  edit : i might add that you are still using 4g or 3g . 
  it 's just slowed down to 64kbps . 
  my profs called that a `` transferleistung '' . 
  she might not have thought about your navy . 
  that was merely meant to make a connection to why she might think why austrians would speak hungarian . 
  okay , not anymore , but it had at one time when the austro-hungarian empire included venice and other coasts of the adria . 
  my point was that she remembered that austria and hungary were once one empire . 
  she just remembered why austria has a navy when these days it is n't bordering any oceans . 
  i think you wanted to reply to / u/schwertritter but replied to your own post . 
  you made your bed and now you have to sleep in it . 
  it 's not like anybody forced you to join a site that is not for under-aged teenagers . 
  so you used the site illegally ? 
  studivz is for students who need to be at least 18 years old . 
  it 's pretty simple : the us is a big country so you can write one application or publish one website and instantly reach a lot more people without leaving said country . 
  europe is n't a country . 
  europe consists of a lot of different countries that are separated by language first and foremost . 
  and depending on what you want people to buy you 'd also have to consider different laws in each country . 
  here is an example for the language barrier : here in germany we have a platform called `` studivz '' that was pretty popular with students and even younger people . 
  but the problem was that it was a german platform in german for germans . 
  once facebook came around ( which offered the same service ) a lot of germans started to switch over . 
  not because facebook was better but because they had friends outside of germany they wanted to stay in touch with and they did n't want to use two platforms so others followed them just to stay connected . 
  facebook meanwhile could access a lot of different countries from the start simply because it was in english . 
  the us , the uk , canada , australia and south africa could be served without doing any changes to the site . 
  from that point on it 's much easier to get money from investors to expand even further compared to a german service that can only serve a much smaller amount of people as is . 
  it reminds me of it because both are rivers you can bathe in . 
  the solenzara has a lot more stones in it and is a lot smaller though . 
  that reminds me of the solenzara river on corsica . 
  man , that shit is hard on a phone . 
  the east coast states are way too tiny for my fingers . 
  if i liked the service : if it 's a restaurant then i usually give them a few bucks or round up to the next full 10er . 
  when it 's for drinks then i average around 10 % of what i have to pay . 
  but you do n't have to . 
  i 've got a prepaid sim card in germany . 
  4g often , 3g everywhere else , but i 'm also not wandering around big cities where i usually have 4g . 
  all the others crying about expensive 3g or bad service should change carriers . 
  is it the best service ever ? 
  is it still a lot cheaper than deals in the us ? 
  yes .
