  i have seen how often these direct hires turn bad very very quickly and i 'd rather let a temp agency send me workers that can instantly be replaced if they do n't feel like working . 
  i have also seen how friends working through a temp agency got offered direct employment after they did a good job . 
  gladfully the army and the police are still seperate entities . 
  in my experience people who talk that way are the exploited . 
  and i do n't blame you for being angry about being exploited . 
  but : `` people like me '' see it like it is : they receive unemployment benefits . 
  so why should they receive `` a decent wage '' on top of that ? 
  seriously : why should they ? 
  answer that . 
  when the 1-euro-jobs were introduced in germany everybody was crying out about how cruel it was to only give those people 1 euro per hour . 
  but a lot of people fail to consider that nobody working a 1-euro-job needs to pay for their apartment or their health care . 
  that 's quite a bit off my paycheck every month and i 'm not getting any compensation from the state for that . 
  i even have to pay for my food out of my own pocket . 
  imagine that !, 
  and people who actually need to go to these `` work experiences '' are very likely to be hard to find a job for . 
  you do n't find a specialist doing these `` work experiences '' . 
  do graduates on reddit whine about having to do `` work experiences '' ? 
  they whine about having to write a hundred applications or not getting their dream job . 
  oh and about that `` extreme lack '' part : i know quite enough people who sit around all day and do nothing . 
  then they get the opportunity to work and do it for the first few days . 
  and then suddenly they do n't feel like it and want to sleep in or evade you entirely because they do n't feel like working this week . 
  but they of course complain about their current situation and how they wish they were in a better position . 
  in most cases they need to force people to do `` work experience '' because they do n't want to work and just want to receive free money . 
  so what 's wrong with that ? 
  that is what i said , yes . 
   ... and pay taxes ... 
  i think it 's save to assume that they are still on the list for unemployed people or on the list for people simply not working . 
   old people yes . 
  because they normally recieve pension . 
   young people yes . 
  at least until a certain age . 
   rich people , poor people and sick people now you are just making things up . 
  but only if you register yourself . 
  i can imagine that dealers earn enough to make a living and might not register themselves . 
  with these charts i always wonder how much more there is to it . 
  the number of people not working surely is different to the number of unemployed people . 
  a dealer for instance would count as unemployed but is ( illegally ) working . 
  young people that go on vacation for a year between school and university are not working but neither are they unemployed because that would imply that they are looking for a job . 
  that 's a reason too ( if we are talking about islamic terrorists ) . 
  it 's almost comical . 
  one day everybody shames greece for not getting their act together and the next day france and belgium are bashing each other for being failed countries . 
  yes . 
  that 's exactly the reason . 
  suicide bombers are n't wealthy or at least have a middle class income . 
  they normally have nothing or very little . 
  and this is a problem that wo n't get any better . 
  soon self-driving cars will be a thing and nobody will need truck drivers or taxi drivers any more . 
  and with more and more automation there will only be more and more young people with no outlook in life . 
  i had no problem driving to the supermarket in the netherlands today . 
  not a single police car at the border ( sometimes , especially at night they shine their headlights into traffic ) . 
  77m vs 67m . 
  this checks out . 
  yes . 
  it also does n't say anything about actual population per square km . 
  cities like paris or berlin are a dot the same as the small 1000 inhabitants towns . 
  edit : i 'm looking at london and am thinking that my statement was n't true . 
  but i do n't know enough about the borders of big european cities . 
  now you do . 
  so ... like an american would say hashtag ? 
  i 've seen that show , although it 's called `` ein k\u00e4fig voller helden '' ( a cage full of heroes ) in german . 
  i do n't remember hearing `` stalag '' in it . 
  yes , i know there were prisoners of war . 
  i was just unaware of this specific term . 
  it 's the first time i 've heard that term . 
  the first is missing an s and the second does n't even make sense . 
  asshat group !, 
   though , the only place in the world where i heard german was in germany ... 
  i hear the swiss and austrians weeping . 
  and do n't forget the german speaking belgians . 
  `` ok '' is the little sister of `` shitty '' . 
  garcon , marsupilami , the mini pleople . 
  too long ago for me to remember all the others i read as a child . 
  but i took a lot of photos of the comic walls in brussels recently . 
  great paintings . 
  edit : asterix, 
  your tag says germany . 
  but that guy came from austria . 
  then i guess you are an even bar guy and i 'm an odd bar guy . 
  that was in weimar . 
  in berlin i never encountered this . 
  i guess that thing in east germany was a smoker 's club then . 
  it 's not . 
  the last time i was in east germany we went to some ( let 's call it a ) pub . 
  right at the door someone was smoking weed and you were able to slice the air with your hand from all the normal cigarette smoke . 
  that one really took the cake for me . 
  and a few weeks back we were at an indoor concert in a major city in west germany . 
  nobody minds if someone smokes a cigarette now and then with air conditioning and all that . 
  but again we had someone standing behind us smoking weed . 
  well then those two pictures are n't `` different angles '' . 
  since the woods in the background stay the same the shopping is even more obvious . 
  edit : for the simple-minded : `` different angles '' is a term you use for the same object . 
  those two pictures apparently do n't show the same sign . 
  your comment reminded me of the bratislava segment in eurotrip . 
  but i 'm really looking forward to going there . 
  not sure on how long we will be able to stay . 
  we are using those `` 100 % '' guides for vienna and budapest with 6 routes each which translates to 4 to 5 days of swift walking per city . 
  bratislava will depend on how much stuff we find ourselves since there is no guide ( yet ) . 
  we tried to do all 6 for brussels last weekend . 
  but we only got halfway through and then i lost the guide . 
  will have to buy a new guide and get back there in the near future .
