  there is the eurasian continent and the indian subcontinent . 
  so the cock is where it all comes out ? 
  makes sense . 
  sorry , poland . 
  we did n't tell them to label your country that way . 
  and switzerland made a bold move , it seems . 
  looking at immobilienscout24.de for berlin i ca n't agree with the number on the map . 
  also : 25 square meters are special apartments for single persons !, 
  most apartments are bigger and made for two people , but they are still in the same price range mainly because the only difference is an additional room without an additional kitchen or an additional bathroom . 
  for a ship from australia to europe that might be a good thing . 
  but from ireland to the rest of europe ? 
  what percentage of the average journey would the route from dublin to rotterdam be ? 
  what 's the percentage of the route from some other continent ( like australia ) to europe ? 
  i can only repeat myself : it 's worth it because there is no loading and off-loading of container ships . 
  that shit takes time !, 
  as you said there can be hundreds of containers on even the smallest ship . 
  how fast can those be loaded ? 
  how fast can those be off-loaded ? 
  what if your container is the first to get on and the last to get off the ship ? 
  and then you 'll need two companies to drive your containers where they need to go . 
  if you do n't use the container ship then you only need to deal with one truck company . 
  i 've already written about bunker oil . 
  so yes , trucks are more feasible than container ships for such short distances . 
  and if your roads and ferries are clogged then you need to consider creating toll roads with more lanes and employing more ferries . 
  still cheaper than container ships . 
  i 'm guessing that 's the same . 
  they can drive those trucks from dublin to moscow without having to wait for the loading and off-loading of container ships . 
  also the reason why container ships are so cheap is because they can use bunker oil as soon as they are in international waters . 
  the routes from ireland to the continent wo n't really permit that . 
  is n't that what they are doing ? 
  or do you mean going around half of england to get to london ? 
  driving there with a quick ferry ride is very likely to be cheaper . 
  no loading and off-loading of container ships . 
  just trucks and trucks on ferries and trucks again . 
  so northrhinewestphalia stays the same ? 
  that i like . 
  but d\u00fcsseldorf is still the capital . 
  not cologne . 
  so you just want to let people vote just for the sake of them voting ? 
  i 'm feeling like we 're back to my question why we should n't let 5-year-olds vote . 
  that 's why i wrote that both sides would have to educate about the problem . 
  making an informed decision is knowing both sides of the story . 
  if you only know one side then you 're not making an informed decision . 
  and there is no 100 % objective way to test people . 
  but voters with a little bit of information are still better voters than those without any information at all . 
  and that is exactly what would happen with a test . 
  people get educated before voting . 
  you might have a different approach with mandatory education regardless of if you want to vote or not , but when it comes to actually voting then both our approaches align . 
  the thing is : a test about the topic would have to be made by experts from both sides . 
  so in a sense those specialists will pre-vote by deciding what gets into the test and what does n't . 
  you are of course right saying that the other extreme needs to be thought about too . 
  but i 'm mainly concerned about the extreme of people not knowing at all what they are voting about . 
  if you make an informed decision then you make an informed decision . 
  end of story . 
  someone is visiting budapest , it seems . 
  make sure to check out all the buildings where the facade has fallen off . 
  you do realize that being able to answer the questions means that you know the answer and thus about the topic , right ? 
  that 's my whole point . 
  so who cares if questions get `` leaked '' ? 
  i think you are trying to see problems where no problems are to be found . 
  you just answered your own question : the state of knowledge at the point of the vote . 
  sure they are . 
  after they 've learned about all the facts they can still vote for the `` wrong '' choice . 
  nobody is denying that right . 
  see ? 
  i would n't let you vote then . 
  because you are absolutely not qualified for it . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that people should have at least some general knowledge about the topic they are voting on . 
  what are tax cuts ? 
  what are taxes ? 
  what are gm foods ? 
  what is euthanasia ? 
  why do some people see it as bad and why do others see it as good ? 
  what is immigration ? 
  what does it mean for your country ? 
  ** what effect does it even have on your country currently ? 
  ** a lot of people have completely wrong ideas about those topics or even no idea whatsoever . 
  and i 'm not saying that there wo n't be attempts to manipulate voters from either side . 
  a great example for this is the brexit : leave had a big misinformation game . 
  remember how they promised that funds would go into the health care system ? 
  and then they won and said `` what funds ? '', 
  but do you also remember how many people had no clue about what leaving the eu or staying in it meant ? 
  okay so what 's the minimum age for being allowed to vote in your country ? 
  why is it 18 ? 
  might it have to do something with education ? 
  i mean : children 's brains have fully developed analytical potential at the age of 5 if i 'm not mistaken . 
  why not make the minimum voting age 5 then ? 
  why let them wait until they are 18 ? 
  please explain that to me . 
  wow . 
  you might want to take a step back here . 
  nobody said anything about `` someone decides what the correct answers are '' . 
  that 's not the same in any way . 
  most people in the us election did n't know any history about the candidates . 
  most people did n't know anything about what they stood for or what their programs were . 
  and that needs to be changed . 
  there are no correct answers to be decided on . 
  but there definitely are people who have no clue why they should vote for any of the given options because they probably have never heard about them . 
  imagine having a very simple test : `` is trumps first name ` dagobert ' or ` donald ' ? '', 
  i bet at least 20 % of us voters would have to flip a coin on that question .
