  absolutely ** everything ** . 
  seriously , hateful people like you make me cringe much more than any of dclauzel 's post ever could ( and yes , i do cringe at his posts ) . 
  screw this . 
  there 's no valid reason for doing that . 
  tired of the ridiculous constant drama in / r/europe . 
  how dare you bring an actual explanation !, 
  we all know mods are nazis censoring any opinion they do n't like !, 
  no seriously , sometimes , i feel like i 'm in / r/conspiracy around here . 
  must n't be easy to mod this place . 
  hail our politics . 
  no it was not . 
  it has only been banned locally in some places , but absolutely not on a national level . 
  we often hear about it on tv too . 
  but it 's not really dominating the news . 
  only if the defense was disproportionate . 
  aka killing someone for stealing some stuff . 
  you typically wo n't get jailed if you kill someone who was actually threatening your life in a first place . 
  `` flawless solution to fixing the greek debt !, 
  hitler approved ! '', 
  what ? 
  you 're telling people ca n't even get basic satire here ? 
  it 's always the jews , right ? 
  no seriously , what do those people have with jews ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  here , if you do that , you 'll probably end up pushed all around . 
  yeah , it 's actually studying philosophy . 
  sure you learn about many philosophers and their views , but they 're not really the main point . 
  i hated aethetics stuff in philosophy , but are you serious about what you said , or are you joking ? 
  eh , over here most people can not evade philosophy , even in the more scientific classes . 
  well , that 's even worse than when i passed mine . 
  not that it matters since i had chosen the text commentary . 
  got 12/20 . 
  well , i prefer scientific stuff , but worst of all , philosophy came back to haunt me as ethics in medicine . 
  italy is , like , full of crazy drivers . 
  i would personally rename it honk-land from what i experienced when i went there . 
  honestly , that chart is shit . 
  skype and mojang ? 
  owned by microsoft now . 
  source ? 
  seriously , i ca n't believe no one died . 
  it definitely looks like multiple of them were ran over . 
  and by a fucking bus . 
  it was n't even useful , as the communist party still won the election in the area . 
  they have been there for a long time , and do n't seem to be going anywhere . 
  this is a pretty pathetic tactic used by those fn guys , as mitry mory is already a city which does n't have the best criminality rates . 
  source : my grandmother lives there , and i live around 20 minutes away from her . 
  yes , albeit it 's not banned in some europeans countries , like in england or belgium , but it seems to remain an exception . 
  i hope we can at least legalize therapeutic cloning everywhere soon , so we can progress faster in that domain . 
  yeah , that 's what they call therapeutic cloning in opposition to reproductive cloning . 
  it 's also banned though right now ... 
  i actually thought we should make one after the belgian thing , but it seems that it was already done . 
  how about andorra ? 
  complaining about honking in our country ? 
  you never went to italy then . 
  dclauzel posts everywhere ? 
  i agree . 
   you did n't make it clear , not my fault . 
  it 's your fault if you lack common sense . 
  must i spell out everything for you like you were a 5 years old ? 
  we 're not on / r/explainlikeimfive . 
  nobody in this post misunderstood me but you . 
   and sick person ? 
  really ? 
  so it 's ok to test drugs on people that are deemed `` fit for humans '' despite the fact that the very nature of the test is to make sure it actually is ? 
  once again , you 're proving us that you do n't know shit about animal testing in medicine and what it is used for . 
  it is used to weed out molecules that are potentially toxic for life in general , to prevent those from ever being administrated to a human . 
  once you reach clinical tests , you 're sure to not have molecules that will kill or cause extreme effects . 
  the whole point is to severely limit the risk we 're exposing humans to . 
  but you do n't seem to care about that since you advocate testing on prisoners for example . 
  death row or not does n't change anything . 
  so yes , you 're a sick person if you value animal lives more than you value human lives . 
  i 'm not wasting any more time here . 
  the parents are the only one wanting him to stay on life support , pretty much all the rest of the family , including the guy 's wife , wants him taken off . 
  it was about to be done but the parents called the european court who prevented it ... 
  it should have been done long ago , but the parents just wo n't let go . 
  i agree for muslims and non nomadic romas . 
  but the nomadic ones do tend to cause legitimate problems ... and as we all know , amalgams appear quite easily in crisis times . 
  there 's no easy solution to fix this shit . 
  the link you posted is about the eu . 
  no country in the eu still has death penalty . 
  it 's still completely irrelevant . 
  i know it is being developed , the point is that it is not developed enough right now . 
  in the meanwhile , we still have to deal with animal testing . 
  i 'm sure that one day we 'll be able to do without , the keyword being `` one day '' . 
   you missed the `` those on the death penalty '' part of the argument . 
  death penalty is outlawed where i live , and it seems so in many parts of europe too . 
  i am also ethically opposed to it . 
  your argument is irrelevant here . 
   he said we do n't have the technology to test on humans i did n't say that . 
  do you have comprehension problems ? 
  i said that we do n't have the technology to phase out animal testing , that includes not testing on humans either , you sick person . 
  big news , humans care more about humans than other species . 
  also , the way you talk about animal testing clearly says that you do n't know anything about how it 's done and regulated . 
  where i live , laws are getting stricter and stricter about animal testing , and they recently banned testing on monkeys . 
  not long ago they also made what we call `` dl50 '' , which is basically the dose at which half of the animals die , facultative , so that we do n't have to do it anymore . 
  but a complete ban is unimaginable right now , and risking human lives instead of animals one is even more disgusting . 
  ever heard of nazi experiments ? 
  the fact that you 're willing to experiment on humans ( prisoners , as you said in another message ) makes me doubt your own humanity . 
  animals are barely used for drug discovery now , we mostly use screening , computer modeling and many other tests that are much easier and faster to do . 
  but what is your point ?
