  googled it in french . 
  it 's `` why is portugal poor '' . 
  so pretty much the same as us google apparently . 
  worry not , in the french google you 're not poor . 
  we wonder why you 're called `` espagne '' apparently though . 
  they should make maps with googles from other countries , results can vary quite a lot . 
  for example , for the french google , spain is : `` why is spain called spain '' , germany is `` why is germany welcoming migrants ? '', 
  and poland is `` why is n't poland using the euro ? '' . 
  some remain the same though , like portugal and great britain . 
  macron has not proposed a switch to a proportional system . 
  m\u00e9lenchon and marine le pen do though , as such a system would give an advantage to their respective parties . 
  reminds me of that creepypasta ... 
  implying i have n't already heard it a thousand times . 
  i expected a better joke on us than white flags from a brit :(, 
  dae 4th reich ? 
  i mean , did n't she already to plan to leave the fn to make her own party ? 
  she said so right after her defeat . 
  if she indeed does , it does n't matter what happens to the fn . 
  actually , it might be beneficial to her . 
  on the contrary , it 's more than never the time to start panicking . 
  the eu safe for now , but nationalist parties keep rising . 
  the fn got its best score ever at a presidential election , and a majority for people aged 18 to 24 voted for either jean luc m\u00e9lenchon or marine le pen , both are which are hostile to the eu as is . 
  if things do n't change , frexit will eventually happen , and people wo n't be able to pretend they did n't see it coming . 
  now that macron has been elected and that the eu has been saved , this sub will probably go back to shitting on france 24/7 . 
  too bad . 
  well , the problem is that those are often very dirty with piss and shit smeared all over . 
   has some of the worst toilets i have ever seen ( on the autoroute they pass off holes in the ground as toilets ... ) yeah , those are awful . 
  it 's best to stop at places where there are shops as those have actual toilets . 
   still mad at us about the 2006 world cup , for some reason you bet !, 
  give us that trophy back !, 
  remove italy from premises !, 
  they sure do . 
  the word `` champignon '' designates all fungi in french . 
  the word `` fungi '' exists but is rarely seen . 
  fuck them . 
  they were so sure their stupid little leaks would have an impact on the elections . 
  macron did even better than in the final polls . 
  this is glorious . 
  yeah , that 's why that sub is full of posts in english . 
  and then macron ate her soul !, 
   going dark and refusing to trawl through the messiah 's filth so as to not damage him is shameful . 
  the media literally ca n't . 
  inform yourself about french elections . 
  no media can talk about the candidates or anything around them for 48h before the end of the polling . 
  the leak was released shortly before that blackout started , obviously intentionally so that the media could n't debunk them . 
  there is no `` establisment conspiration '' to silence the leaks ... 
  that 's why the presidential elections are the most important in france . 
  ca n't wait to see their face tomorrow . 
  this is n't going to be a second / r/the _ meltdown . 
  of course . 
  they do n't understand a word of french . 
  their attempted translations are all terrible . 
  they found nothing compromising . 
  it 's to be expected , they would have released a targeted leak earlier if they had found anything . 
  since they did n't , they released the leaks at the last moment to try for an ultimate destabilization , knowing full well the media could n't answer to it . 
  it 's going to fail spectacularly , i guarantee it . 
  i 've seen a couple translation of so-called compromising emails , and every time they 've been absolutely awful . 
  french media sites ca n't do it today or tomorrow . 
  the campaign officially ended and it is illegal to talk about one of the candidate until the end of the vote . 
  well , that did n't work well in the uk . 
  i doubt it . 
  most of the change certainly came from marine 's disastrous performance in the debate . 
  the news over here are n't really talking about varoufakis ' support to macron . 
  the campaign has officially ended , the candidates ca n't say or do anything on saturday . 
  so , he ca n't really do anything to fuck up until sunday . 
  lol . 
  you 're talking about those shitty 4chan fake leaks ? 
  that was just a smoke screen . 
  plan b was a de facto frexit , and with plan a 's low chance of success , that would have happened . 
  `` complementary medicine '' is a better term anyway imo . 
  the bahamas leak was fake , but that one is totally true ! 1 !!!, 
  funnily , they seem to believe that their lie is rampaging through our news when the articles talking about it just say that they are complete and utter lies . 
  as usual , these idiots believe they 're having an actual effect on our elections . 
  4chan has been trying to create fake leaks for weeks . 
  the only one to make it to some of our newspapers was the bahamas thing because it was cited by mlp during the debate , but all of the articles about it clearly said it was some shitty 4chan rumor . 
  they 're completely ineffective . 
  other countries want to change nothing to keep all of their advantages , and then they wonder why anti-eu populists keep rising everywhere . 
  this is tiring . 
  i am still pro-eu , but honestly , depending on how the 5 next years go , i might change my opinion . 
  yeah , saw some of it . 
  it 's laughable . 
  4chan has been trying to pump out lies and lies about macron for weeks , but it 's completely useless as they 're not credible , and there 's no way they can reach the french general public . 
  pretty sure they created that `` bahamas tax evasion '' stuff in response to when le pen said that she hoped they would n't discover some offshore account in the bahamas belonging to macron in response to when macron said he did n't have any problem with justice contrary to her . 
  if any serious leak or accusation comes through , it will be through newspapers like `` le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 '' , or `` mediapart '' , not through a shithole like 4chan . 
  they are just a bunch of kids who love punchlines , just as if a debate was a rap battle . 
  that 's to be expected though , it was the same shit with trump . 
  empty rhetoric , only attacks . 
  they were even complaining about the translators on the english restream not being on the same level , as if this debate was meant for them . 
  french people vote in this election , they do n't need translators ... 
  yeah pretty much . 
  macron only needed to stand his ground to `` win '' this debate , marine was doing all the work by herself . 
  he still definitely delivered some nice counter blows to her bullshit . 
  ca n't wait for le pen 's crushing defeat on sunday so we can finally stop reading `` muh trump , muh brexit '' arguments . 
  this debate was the final nail in the coffin for her . 
  not really . 
  she was just absolutely terrible in the debate . 
  le pen was absolutely terrible . 
  that 's pretty much all we can take out of this debate . 
  le pen was absolutely terrible . 
  that 's pretty much all we can take out of this debate .
