  `` europe '' is too inaccurate with the amount of different countries , cultures and languages it contains . 
  my secret was discovered !, 
  those cute little critters ? 
  no way i 'm eating one of these either . 
  everything about wwii and french being cheese eating surrender monkeys . 
  i mean , geez , i do n't even like cheese !, 
  it 's disgusting . 
  in french : indian summer : '' \u00e9t\u00e9 indien '' milky way : `` voie lact\u00e9e '' both are literal translation in our language . 
  do n't know about the third one . 
  never heard of it . 
  i 'll let you guess . 
  and , yeah , it gets annoying after a while , even though you get used to it . 
  could work then . 
  well , i know one country who probably really wo n't like the idea of being ruled by a monarch . 
  it 's the place where all kind of racism and hate speech is promoted . 
  bah , is n't / r/murica more a satire than anything ? 
  both, 
  well , / r/funny is one of those default shitholes after all . 
  and yet nobody cared about the legalization of same sex marriages . 
  i fired my grandpa 's hunting rifle a couple times . 
  well apparently we 're very elitist , we refuse to speak english because our language is the best and we are very pretentious , the french language sucks and you should forget it if you learned a bit of it , dclauzel is litterally hitler , we 're the most racist nation on earth , hurr durr surrender monkeys , and we are everything that is wrong with europe . 
  that 's the view of france by / r/europe from what i can gather from this post . 
  it 's gone rather wrong those last monthes . 
  plenty of people accuse dclauzel of being a nazi mod , but damn is he doing a bad job if that 's the case , the front page of / r/europe is full of immigration posts at times . 
  well , judging by a lot of comments in this post , i 'd say i understand why a lot of us do n't often come here . 
  can confirm , i never speak english , it 's filthy . 
  you do n't realize how terrible english education is in france . 
  it 's a shame . 
  my english skills definitely do n't come from there . 
  sadly , the amount of grammar nazis who automatically assume english is your mother language is too damn high on reddit . 
  funny how just saying his name always seems to bring the worst of this subreddit . 
   rule 1.2 personal attacks that do not add any substance to a conversation will be de-listed i guess this rule justifies it . 
  jesus , another witch hunt . 
  can we not have a weekly post like that ? 
  was that an attempt at humor ... ? 
  regardless of the situation , what a shitty clickbait title . 
  ah , yes , not wanting to see a sub flooded with immigration posts is just the same as completely and utterly ignoring the issue . 
  thank you for your valuable input . 
  / r/europe has become much more readable since the megathread was created . 
  i 'd rather keep it like this . 
  you can always subscribe to / r/european if you like those kind of posts that much . 
  you should fit right in . 
  it 's funny how many countries work in duo , france - belgium , germany - poland , uk - ireland , spain - portugal ... also , got ta love italy . 
  ugh , more stupid shit from our farmer friends . 
  funny , the highest score is about us liking germany . 
  best friends ever . 
  chocopain , lol . 
  doing it the dclauzel way i see . 
  actually it should be : * salut / r/europe , je vous rapporte juste vos mods , vous les aviez probablement perdu . 
   since that 's the very point of a megathread . 
  is it ? 
  as far as i know , the point of a megathread is to collect every comments about an event to avoid the subreddit getting filled with posts about it . 
  is it an absolute necessity for the op to be updated ? 
   his arrogance is displayed in every single post he makes , by the fact that even though it has been pointed out to him that posting first in french and only after in english is very distruptive , he refuses to change . 
  even so much as to reverse the order of the languages in his posts , so they can start with the english half . 
  what difference does that even make , in both case , you 'll have to skip over a paragraph . 
  besides , he does uses italics to differentiate both languages , it 's pretty easy to immediatly switch to the english one . 
  the worst thing i can see here is stubbornness , but that 's not enough to qualify for a demod . 
   except for the fact that he has removed threads that should n't have been removed that 's quite subjective . 
  others mods have half-justified those removals as far i know , so it 's not even about him alone . 
   could n't create a megathread to save his life he did create one . 
  most of what is wrong with it is bad english , but that falls in with the point i already agreed with . 
   is in the business of trolling any example of him actually trolling ? 
  i see jokes and sarcasm sometimes , but that 's pretty far away from trolling . 
  i do n't see anything pointing to him being lazy or arrogant . 
  he also does n't seem that incompetent . 
  his english is quite bad though , i 'll agree to that . 
   a bad moderator that 's too vague , and he has n't been moderator for long . 
  people are n't born mods , which is actually a pretty difficult job , especially on reddit . 
  he also did n't commit any terrible fault in his moderation as far as i know . 
  there 's still nothing warranting a demod for me at this point . 
  wait and see . 
  sigh . 
  that 's absolutely not the way they should be handling this . 
  dclauzel is napoleon the 4th then ? 
  all hail our emperor !, 
  regardless of your opinion on this issue , it 's pretty pathetic that a bunch of redditors decided to brigade every single comments posted by dclauzel . 
  am i supposed to be angry and go witch hunting ? 
  i think the first response is terrible though . 
  what 's with this `` multiculturalism '' thing thrown everywhere as the root of all evil in europe ? 
  seemed to work well in the us . 
  anyone ? 
  at least we were there before !, 
  take that americans !, 
  no seriously , good job , but there 's still a lot of work to be done in europe . 
  dammit norway , you did it again . 
  well , true . 
  i guess that 's the nature of this place . 
  it 's always been . 
  well , we 're on reddit after all . 
  incompetence ? 
  lack of skill ? 
  bad judgement ? 
  maybe . 
  probably . 
  but narcissism ? 
  really ? 
  do you believe that 's the reason why ? 
  i honestly doubt it . 
  yes , right , absolutely everything we do is because we totally think we 're superior to all of you .
