   this is so fucking disingenuous . 
  it 's an outright lie , really - and the fact that pro-nuclear folks have to resort to just outright bullshittery tells you everything you need to know about nuclear energy . 
  you have any proof that this is wrong ? 
  because it is the case . 
  all i see here is a pissed off annoying anti nuclear ecologist who tries to dehumanize me by mentioning `` pro-nuclear folks '' instead of me . 
  it 's that all you can say , do n't bother trying to answer , you 're talking to a wall . 
  nuclear power is the future of the humanity , especially if we find a way to get fusion going , that 's how i see it . 
  thank you for that . 
  nuclear power is feared without rational reasons . 
  when you master it , nothing bad happens with it , see france . 
  and the rest of the time , france sells its electricity to neighbor countries because they do n't have enough . 
  uk tea time anecdote anyone ? 
  nuclear power does n't pollute the atmosphere , does n't destroy the ozone layer , does n't release co2 , does n't pollute water and is very effective . 
  newest plants are able to reuse the great majority of the waste from the others , and the rest is disposed in a safe way , underground . 
  ( there is no problem with that , the earth 's internal heat comes from radioactivity after all ) i do n't see a problem . 
  nuclear plants do n't affect climate , genius . 
   they sure are working towards it tho !, 
  not really . 
  every time there is a project to install a new dam , air thingy , or whatever , people shoot it down because it does n't look good in the landscape , makes noise , etc. . . just like for everything else , french people do n't want change . 
  it 's terribly annoying . 
  well , the only other country i ever visited is italia . 
  so i ca n't really say anything ... 
  what is up with those comments ? 
  i thought i was in / r/european for a second . 
   what could ump and the ps actually do differently ? 
  what policies do you actually want to see the ump and the ps campaign for ? 
  that 's not my job to figure it out , it 's theirs . 
  we elect them to find the solutions . 
  i really do n't know what to think about the situation ... 
  i 'm absolutely against the ideologies of the fn , but ump and ps , with their terrible ways of governing the countries , are directly responsible for their rise and it seems that the only way they 'll move their asses and do something is to let the fn at least reach the second turn , and maybe even get elected . 
  i do n't like this . 
  i fear that the 2017 elections will be hard ones . 
  for some reason , the giant putin on the right cracks me up ... 
  this is seriously barbaric . 
  fuck putin and all the people that support him . 
  incineration is recycling ? 
  yeah , that 's some sensationalist title for some usual sweden asslicking here . 
  oh great , it 's my fault now for some reason ? 
  funnily i do go to normandy via the a13 during holidays , hehe . 
  yeah , did n't expect that . 
  mhhh , seems mostly accurate . 
  used too . 
  it 's mostly abandoned now . 
  actually , the 35 hours per week is only theoretical . 
  the average french works pretty much as much as a german . 
  good luck reforming that too , the new minister of economy actually mentioned changing the 35 hours and got slammed hard for it . 
  yeah , how about no . 
  workers rights are pretty much sacred in france , and thatcher is like the total opposite of `` workers right '' . 
  fucking workers in the ass even more will not save france anyway . 
  well , in french , obviously . 
  yes , generally a couple times per year , addressing important events , and when changing years . 
  in the current state of europe ? 
  it wo n't work . 
  there 's a lot of work to do before even thinking about federalization . 
  but if we get there , then ... maybe . 
  if it gave much more power and efficiency to europe as a whole , then it could be needed to stand against the other giants of this world in a near future . 
  i 'm not surprised by the results of britain ... 
  if you abuse the system and cheat , whoever you are , you honestly deserve this . 
  many people do their best to work honestly without abusing society , it 's unfair to them to let cheaters keep cheating . 
  i do n't get why people are defending cheaters here . 
  good on you germany . 
   if you think the brits should go fuck themselves . 
  i guess we have something in common . 
  that 's what makes it unique to me . 
  mh yeah , it 's a funny quirk in the system i guess . 
  he basically `` resigned '' to dissolve the government and then was made pm again to remake a new government . 
  there are strange things in our constitution ... 
  that would help . 
  um , and what do you expect the average european to do exactly ? 
  still dominated by americans though . 
  it 's still interesting to see their views on the rest of the world . 
  and it 's quite scary . 
  so much racism and ignorance ... 
  yeah , / r/european is incredibly racist . 
  just look at some of the name of their mods . 
  and those guys are fishing for idiots in / r/worldnews too . 
  you can just take a shower, 
  they do n't have the choice . 
  they 'll get destroyed by the opposition if they keep ministers which do n't agree with them . 
  ca n't really do otherwise . 
  it 's nothing really special . 
  just a couple ministers will be changed for others . 
  happens quite often . 
  i guess i 'm biased , but well , the anthem of my country sounds so good . 
  i do n't understand what the article 's title means though . 
  manuel valls is n't resigning , he 's just changing the government . 
  that 's what i call the `` written '' exam . 
  40 questions answered with a remote control . 
  yeah , of course ... 
  someone tell me where people like that get their places ? 
   out of sixty , it 's forty actually . 
  but yeah , this article is disconnected from reality . 
  got my license this year . 
  i always had the same instructor , i learned the theoretical stuff with dvds , i had no problem with the written and practical test , i did n't get a question on a tank , i 'm not rich and i can confirm i did n't go to london to get my license ... 
  i also never heard of young people going to london either . 
  14th of july . 
  national day . 
  yeah , there 's more to it than downloading movies . 
  i think he deserves it . 
  i still consider my country to be my main identity .
