  we still mainly need them for pre-clinical tests , to determine whether a substance is toxic or not in general biological environements , and unless we build a perfect model of a biological environment similar to animals/humans , we can not skip that part . 
  it 's a noble cause , but what are you going to test drugs on then ? 
  directly on humans ? 
  it 's sad , but we still do n't have the technology to be able to phase out animal testing yet . 
  we seriously need more transparency . 
  i still have no idea what really happened . 
  * so you 're a mod now ? 
  we have to party *, 
  yeah . 
  but i expect some degree of change . 
  let 's just hope he gets hit ass dragged to jail too . 
  ummm , sure , i guess ... 
  i mean , is n't the eurovision already half politics ? 
  besides , it 's absolutely not needed for european construction , so let 's take care of all the shit we have to take care of first . 
  and i definitely hope we wo n't ever be the `` united states '' of europe . 
  i do n't particularly care . 
  let them marry if they want , they 're people like others . 
  i doubt they 'd actually leave , they do benefit from the eu , and just like the scottish independence vote eventually failed , it will be the same for the eu . 
  but either way , it does n't matter to me . 
  they 're not in the eurozone , and not in the schengen area either , so i doubt this would really change any political or economical relations between the uk and the rest of europe if they left . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is anglo-saxon a pejorative word in english ? 
  we use it all the time in the french language and it has a neutral meaning referring mostly to the uk and the us . 
  i actually just tried that in french and got as a result `` life in russia '', 
  i feel like it 's the same in a lot of place in europe too . 
  we 're talking about god damn culture . 
  we 're not going to be a better country by listening to foreigners being butthurt about the fact that we do n't care about regional languages . 
  seriously , this is the first time i 've heard people complaining about regional languages disappearing , and it 's foreigners . 
  i do n't get it . 
  they really hate pakistan do n't they ? 
  guns are definitely cool but ... 
  i still think it 's a good thing we do n't have an equivalent to the second amendment . 
  well , we can always fly to the us to fire some crazy guns . 
  eating chocolate . 
  it still means that people are n't accepting fn yet . 
  it 's just a sad reality that depresses me . 
  the fn is n't going to win any time soon , but between them , and the 2 other main parties ... let 's say that the country is politically fucked right now . 
  if the fn is a nazi party , i wonder what the republicans over in the us are . 
  big news ? 
  more like nothing is going to change . 
  you 're pretty optimist , the fn has seen worse in its days . 
  do you think those who vote for her even care about that ? 
  it 's already known here . 
  yes , seriously . 
  they did n't win any `` departement '' in the last elections , they 're still not the biggest party , they 're still seen badly by most voters . 
  yeah , we have ads , do n't know where that map is coming from . 
  do people still watch dailymotion ? 
  lol, 
  i thought it would be worse than that . 
  eh , i do n't usually check them , it 's rare enough to have pranksters around these parts . 
  you have the quote under the eyes , and you still deny it ? 
  you talk like the majority is already supporting her and you 're using some kind of a `` wake up sheeple '' rhetoric . 
   i hope we french can wake up it 's simply not the case , so please refrain from trying to talk in our name . 
  calm down , she 's still far from being popular enough to get elected . 
  bad germany !, 
  no anchluss on water and denmark !, 
  yeah , but that 's a war zone over there , so it 's less surprising . 
  well , shit . 
  that 's a bit too close for a plane accident . 
  well , fuck the tobacco industry anyway . 
  puts things into perspective . 
  diablo 2 , what a godly game . 
  it 's funny , i actually checked the electricity production from our solar panel during the eclipse , and it plummeted like crazy , it was pretty fun to have an actual sign of the eclipse under all those clouds . 
  nope , that 's total immunity from justice . 
  nope , that 's total immunity from justice . 
  immunity really should n't be a thing outside of the president and government . 
  well , the dimming is generally not huge unless it 's a total eclipse . 
  i have a solar panel though , and it was fun to see the amount of energy produced massively go down during the peak of the eclipse . 
  still an improvement . 
  yeah , clouds . 
  at least i could see the light getting dimmer and my solar panel stopped working during the peak . 
  i have no money and i 'm a student in medicine , so i really ca n't do so those days . 
  there never was a moment when i really felt european . 
  i could say the change to the euro , but i was too young for that . 
  never really traveled either . 
  just been once to italy . 
  it was cool though . 
  eh , that 's a good thing is n't it . 
  azerty master race also , relevant op username ? 
  and english men have no humor apparently, 
  that 's a new one . 
  irrelevant polls for nearly irrelevant elections , just like european elections . 
  this article is ridiculously sensationalist . 
  sigh . 
  this is what they always say , in every country . 
  the thought process from these guys is scary . 
  german as foreign language in germany ? 
  is it me or does this map sucks ? 
  still looks better than the english man . 
  portugal ... lol ... 
  turks joining the eu any time soon ? 
  hahaha . 
  also what 's wrong with serbia ? 
  yeah , sure ... 
  that would be nice . 
  scientists also pay to have their articles put in those papers ... 
  i hate extremes and slippery slopes arguments . 
  `` oh i ca n't insult that guy ? 
  i have no free speech , government worse than kim jong il '' . 
  please , spare me this crap .
