  the freedom to insult someone is not something vital to free speech in general . 
  especially since it can harm is many ways , and having a legal recourse for that is good . 
  i do n't consider insulting or harrassing someone to fall under free speech in a civilized country . 
  so much warfare for us . 
  arte is definitely a great channel . 
  it 's pretty much always worth tuning in . 
  well , that did n't take long . 
  it 's pretty catchy . 
  well obviously . 
  when you 're already at a record , every subsequent increase is another record . 
  from what i see in your comment history , you 're quite anti-abortion , so i do n't need to go further to find out why you 're defending this ban . 
  you could just say that instead of hiding behind flawed arguments . 
  medications which have side effects should be prescription only ? 
  welp , time to make every single medication prescription only , because they all have side effects , and a lot of them are also misused . 
  enjoy having to go your gp to get yourself some paracetamol for that light headache , since , you know , it can fuck up your liver . 
  and i am a medical student , so it 's not like i 'm completely oblivious to the problems which may arise with prescription-free drugs . 
  that 's quite backwards is n't it ? 
  edit : how courageous of you to come to the bottom of the comment page to downvote comments . 
  are you that mad that people in the top comments are denouncing the fact that this ban is completely backwards ? 
  my country is n't exactly underrated . 
  but please do n't just stick to paris when you visit it . 
  there 's plenty to see around . 
  i like it . 
  i 'm not sure if i love it though . 
  nobody gives a shit about it . 
  the legion d'honneur is given to just about everyone , it holds no value . 
  ugh , just terrible ... 
  that dr liam fox guy i guess . 
  makes me wonder how truly powerful stalin 's cult of personality was . 
  fessenheim is not even close to being one of the most seismically active parts of europe ... 
  i 'd like to see our president make an hitler joke . 
  i think you may need a history lesson if you think this is anything like the dreyfus case . 
  yep , there 's pretty much nobody in / r/france defending the general or the manifestation . 
  the posts about it did n't even reach the frontpage . 
  people here do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  but it 's always fun to overblow things happening in other countries , especially when migrants are linked to it . 
  what ? 
  has n't changed at all . 
  i 'm sure it was higher in 1939 . 
  looks surprisingly right . 
  i highly doubt this would be the case . 
  oh nice , it 's my city . 
  scary . 
  this dictatorship level shit . 
  yeah , right , i 'm totally a sheeple and our governments are actually lizard men . 
  let 's not talk about this further . 
  so , you 're a conspirationist ? 
  you 'd rather have increasing amount of terror attacks , more immigration due to isis 's expansion , and worsening stability of the middle east instead ? 
  it 's a great channel . 
  good to see it expanding . 
  funny , i also had excellent german teachers . 
  not surprising . 
  the way english is taught in school is just terrible . 
  only ever heard about him on reddit , and it sounds like he 's that crazy republican guy again . 
  something also known as `` barrage r\u00e9publicain '' . 
  le pen was crushed by chirac on the second round . 
  if marine makes it to 2017 's second round , i expect mostly the same to happen , maybe except if the other candidate is someone like sarkozy ... 
  why ? 
  because they speak french ? 
  i do n't give a shit either . 
  more cops per 100 000 people in belarus than in monaco . 
  well ... 
  same in france . 
  well , you can still cross it as a bridge . 
  there 's also hydro swiss . 
  well , nuclear power . 
  yeah , right . 
  english is not mandatory , you can take anything really . 
  hell , i used to go to university in a neighbouring city ( i live 45 minutes away from paris on road ) . 
  with public transportation it takes me nearly an hour to get there ( bus + train + a bunch of walking ) . 
  with my car it takes me 15 minutes . 
  sorry idealists , but i 'm not going to let go of my car . 
  i do avoid going in paris with a car though , too much traffic , metro is better . 
  funnily , due to an error when i was named i only have one name . 
  yeah , beijing getting both olympics in such a short time period annoys me . 
  yes there were ... 
  the albertville winter olympics . 
  yeah . 
  it was pretty close to having it in 2012 , but london got it instead . 
  well , while france did get the 1992 winter olympic games , it has n't hosted any summer olympic games since 1924 . 
  reminds of me of the paris `` no-go zones '' from fox news . 
  what the fuck is going on . 
  and what are your irrefutable arguments for that ? 
  check out what happened in 2002 when jean marie le pen managed to reach the second turn . 
  he was absolutely crushed when everybody leagued up against him . 
  the same thing will happen if marine manages to reach second turn in 2017 . 
  her support has been rising , but it 's still far from enough . 
  you can also check out what happened to the fn during the last regional elections . 
  a whole bunch of fn candidates passed the first turn and then got fucked in the ass in the second one . 
  thankfully it was a false alarm . 
  and i sure hope it would n't just be a few countries doing all of the heavy lifting . 
  interesting . 
  it gets worse and worse with him . 
  sounds like something that would become top post of all time on / r/all . 
  the headline is frankly stupid . 
  simply thinking a vaccine is potentially dangerous does not make you an antivax . 
  this quote from the original article ( which seems to not be accessible anymore ) shows it quite well too :  the findings show that many countries ( particularly france , bosnia & herzegovina , japan , iran , mongolia and vietnam ) , display much greater confidence in the importance of vaccines than in their safety . 
  ** this suggests that people do not necessarily dismiss the value of vaccination even if they have doubts about how safe vaccines are . 
  ** adverse reactions , while particularly rare , do exist , as they do for any other medication . 
  it 's always about the risk and the reward .
