  memes against le pen , that would a funny counter attack to the `` trumpian '' pro-le pen meme war . 
  this is not a second turn vote poll , this is a poll about who was the most convincing in the debate . 
  the comic seems to have disappeared from / r/polandball top list for some reason . 
  still managed to find it through google : http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png, 
  he 'll probably arrive drunk on his scooter . 
  really ? 
  i find that hard to believe when he has never had any problem with justice compared to so many other politicians . 
  typical le pen . 
  she 's ready to do anything to get more people to vote for her . 
  tell us more about it , our swiss gun overlord . 
  the translation is inaccurate though . 
  a better translation would be `` let 's stop the virus '' . 
  we were allied for some time . 
  oh , and hitler was born there i guess . 
  she 's distancing herself from the fn to try and get more votes . 
  she 's ready to do anything to try and win the second turn , and currently , things are n't going in her favor . 
   i 'm sure they were fighting for the use of gender fluid pronouns and transexual bathroom rights too . 
  lol , that 's barely even a thing in france . 
   do you feel safe when walking in the streets of paris ? 
  yes we do . 
  those are n't exit polls though , as they are illegal in france . 
  so , macron president . 
  check out what happened in the 2002 elections . 
  you 'll understand what is going to happen at the second turn . 
  i 'm pretty sad that we 'll to have to 2 more weeks to shut / r/the _ donald and / r/le _ pen up though , but fillon getting destroyed makes up for it . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  final polls were very close to the final result . 
  we already left central command once , what would stop us from leaving the nato entirely ? 
  m\u00e9lenchon is infinitely better than le pen . 
  i would n't want any of these 2 though . 
  i ca n't see this ending well . 
  i do n't think so . 
  last permanent member of the un security council in the eu as well . 
  may i remind you that death sentence is illegal in france , as in every other eu country ? 
  she 's not going to get any significant spike in voters only 3 days before an election . 
  just like the dutch far right party did n't get any boost from the situation with turkey just before their elections . 
  well , in france , the president can do both of these as well . 
  everyone knows that it 's not how downvotes are used . 
  it 's not like the american election flooded reddit for at least an entire year . 
  besides , those elections are pretty important for the future of the ue , since 2 out of 4 main candidates are against it ( at least in its current form ) . 
   what happens if it is ( far ) left vs ( far ) right in the second round ? 
  well , the ue probably wo n't like it and the 5 following years . 
  eh , calling / r/france a `` communist cesspool '' is uncalled for , but it is true that you wo n't find much other than a massive pro-m\u00e9lenchon circlejerk . 
  people having different opinions about the candidates do n't have it easy there . 
  ca n't wait for the end of the election for this shit to be toned down . 
  personally never ate snails , but my parents and grandparents do eat them . 
  i have great-grandfathers who fought in wwi on the french side . 
  looking at how things are today would probably make them crazy . 
  napoleon was n't really a monarch though . 
  a better choice would be louis xiv . 
  definitely the most famous french actual monarch . 
  thank god russians are n't as butthurt as the english . 
  hamon dropping out to support m\u00e9lenchon would be like macron dropping out to support fillon . 
  man , you 're so butthurt . 
  seriously , this was clear sarcasm . 
  yeah , yeah , want a cookie erdogan ? 
  and we do ... what ? 
  invade the country to get erdogan down ? 
  that 's turkey 's business , non of ours . 
  politics do shady shit with money , more news at eleven . 
  right . 
  i mean , he was running against politicians such as m\u00e9lenchon or marine le pen , which are definitely more populists than he is . 
  not a direct threat , but we should keep an eye on them . 
  doctors . 
  i hate our accent . 
  apparently , some members of my family , dating back a century ago at least , emigrated to the us . 
  i wonder if there are any descendants still alive today in the us ... 
  vichy france . 
  one defining event in particular would the `` rafle du vel d'hiv '' . 
  that thing stained our country 's history forever . 
  the uk flag is pretty cool to be fair . 
  well , france i guess . 
  never lived somewhere else . 
  the only obvious one that i know of is marie curie . 
  did her work in france and is buried at the pantheon , but is also claimed by poland because she was born there . 
  we have the highest mountain , we win !, 
  religions have no place in politics here . 
  occasionally . 
  who knows . 
  something to laugh about . 
  got the same results . 
  my english is more romanian than yours apparently . 
  told me it 's italian . 
  well , it 's not that far off . 
  apparently , either california or hawaii . 
  english definitely is n't my first language . 
  i mostly see them out for football games . 
  banlieue = suburb , it 's a generic word . 
  the `` banlieue parisienne '' includes just as many rich cities than shit cities . 
  for exemple , as some others said , neuilly sur seine is a very rich city inhabited by mostly well off people . 
  french revolution obviously , and the years that followed . 
  put soap on sponge , use sponge on dish , rinse , dry , ?? 
  students do n't have enough money for a dishwasher ... 
  kevin it has practically become a low grade insult over time . 
  yes , born in 1996 . 
  to be fair , i was an unbearable kid , so no hard feelings . 
  it 's fucking awesome . 
  france . 
  so we can immediately guillotine the king and restore the republic once again . 
  there 's the fn here all right .
