  i 've never had to go there to eat them though . 
  it 's a family recipe brought by my grandmother whose parents were polish . 
  there 's nothing unusual , really . 
  riots and strikes in big cities are usual business . 
  it is illegal to call your pig `` napol\u00e9on '', 
  you can bet cthulhu is coming to earth through belgium . 
  no way i 'm changing ours . 
  it sounds too badass . 
  i do n't remember napoleon having been compared to hitler in my history classes ... 
  you learn about reproduction in biology during middle school . 
  there are also a couple sexual education classes throughout middle school and high school ( i had 3 total i think ) where you talk about all kind of stuff , particularly std and contraception . 
  they often give you a free condom at the end of these . 
  back when i was in high school , i pretty much had to hold my breath when going outside due to the dense cloud of cigarette smoke floating around in front of the doors . 
  it was just terrible . 
  fuck cigarettes and fuck tobacco . 
  lots of smokers around here . 
  it sucks . 
  everything but paris pretty much . 
  the strongest separatist movement is in corsica i would say , but that 's not as strong as what 's portrayed in the video for catalonia . 
  it was a tad stronger in the past and there have been a couple terror attacks , but it calmed down since then . 
  the latest controversy was when corsican regionalists won the 2015 regional elections and the head of the list spoke corsican . 
  but it was short lived . 
  i 've always seen '' \u00c9tats-unis '' being used more than `` l'am\u00e9rique '' . 
  `` les \u00c9tats-unis '' ( * the united states * ) is the most used name . 
  the complete name is `` les \u00c9tats-unis d'am\u00e9rique '' but nobody really calls it that way . 
  you can also call it `` les usa '' or a bit more familiar `` les states '' . 
  as for inhabitants , we call them `` am\u00e9ricains '' , so basically the same as in english . 
  i agree with le monde and france info , but i would n't call le figaro particularly impartial ... 
  sms . 
  and occasionally facebook when i have to ( i would n't use if it was n't for necessity ) . 
  40 \u00b0 c + can happen , particularly in the south , although i never experienced it personally . 
  the sport itself is n't extremely popular but major biathlon events are broadcasted live , on public channels usually . 
  martin fourcade is relatively popular because he 's very successful and often ends up on the news . 
  in france , we fully use metric . 
  and well , we were the ones to invent it , during the 1st french republic , so it makes sense . 
  for some reason we sometimes use the inch measurement ( pouce ) for screens , but we still mostly use centimeters . 
  there 's some storm coming up today . 
  temperature is 8 \u00b0 c. 
  after ww2 , when we got alsace and lorraine back . 
  i do n't think there are any active disputes currently . 
  not that i 've heard of . 
  macron would defeat her even harder than fillon . 
  latest polls ( elobe , ipsos ) say 65 % for macron and 35 % for marine . 
  in the case of a fillon/marine second turn it would be 60 % for fillon and 40 % for marine . 
  in an hypothetical macron/fillon second turn , macron would win . 
  there is no doubt macron is now one of the strongest contender for the 2017 elections . 
  `` penelopegate '' and the victory of hamon at the ps primaries solidify his position . 
  they survived bush , they can probably survive anything . 
  good pastries . 
  also , the duchy of varsovie and a lot of partition throughout the latest centuries . 
  poor poland did n't have much luck with germany and russia . 
  we basically never hear about it . 
  did n't even know we had one . 
  well , france is my home , and i 'm not a big traveler , so ... 
  things seem to be pretty stable for the fn right now . 
  mlp has n't launched her campaign yet and has remained mostly silent since the latest elections . 
  the situation in the us does n't seem to impact the fn in the slightest . 
  most polls give her a score of 25 % on the first turn , followed by fillon and macron at around 20 % . 
  fillon is losing a lot inertia with what 's currently happening though . 
  there is however currently no doubt about her severe defeat on the second turn , whether it is against fillon or macron , although it would n't be as severe as in 2002 with jean marie le pen vs jacques chirac . 
  it was n't for a long time except in the military , but a law was created in 2003 which stated that burning the flag would get you a fine of 7500 $ , and an additional 6 months of jail if done in group . 
  does n't really happen often though . 
  this law was solely a kneejerk reaction at some stupid shit that happened in 2001 . 
   and also , you 've got two different types of people here . 
  one is center-right , the other is far-right . 
  i know that . 
  it just shows how different things can be made out to be when pushing political agendas . 
  [ this ] ( http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2013/08/02/snail-8296a552f7bd1064368205306ff8a3c7c7bdc7c4-s900-c85.jpg ), 
  sweden is like shrodinger 's cat on reddit . 
  in one post it 's an homogeneous paradise which explains why their socialist system can not work on the us . 
  in another post , it 's a shariah shithole ran my muslim rapefugees . 
  it 's pretty sad . 
  to answer the question : yes , absolutely . 
  i live near paris , and they constantly illegally occupy terrains or parking lots . 
  it 's generally very hard to get them to leave , and bribes are often used . 
  and of course they leave all their trash behind . 
  you also often see them begging and stealing . 
  i mean , it 's really hard to not have a negative opinion of them when all you see is shit like that . 
  definitely , i see them quite often . 
  pile ou face . 
  mostly playing civilization 6 currently . 
  as some others said , the whole c\u00f4te d'azur is a very heavily touristic area . 
  many rich foreigners own villas over there . 
  bloodthirsty dictator who hijacked a revolution to build a totalitarian state and who `` enslaved '' most of eastern europe . 
  no better than hitler . 
  maybe even worse . 
  marine le pen obviously . 
  all the reality tv shows . 
  one of the most infamous ones is called `` les anges de la t\u00e9l\u00e9 r\u00e9alit\u00e9 '' on nrj12 ( pretty much the whole channel could be called trash really ) . 
  it translates as `` the angels of reality tv '' and it spawned living memes like nabilla . 
  typical usa/russia stuff i guess . 
  i honestly do n't really care . 
  sorry , but how is europe fucked exactly ? 
  i 'm tired of that fatalism . 
  you 're talking like europe 's well being and existence depends solely on who is the president of the usa . 
  the world is n't going to end because of trump seriously . 
  one of my grandmothers came from poland with her mother , no doubt fleeing during ww2 , and brought along the recipe for a delicious pastry , p\u0105czki . 
  i love them . 
  yes . 
  i 'm annoyed every time says something like `` uk and europe '' .
