  also , from what i 've seen , our vaccination rates are similar to neighboring countries . 
   the thing is , that vaccine sometimes caused multiple sclerosis , a pretty nasty disease . 
  this was never proved and as / u/rc72 said , the case was dismissed . 
  but it was believed at the time and it gave it a nasty reputation , which it still has today . 
  we hate italians ? 
  never heard that one . 
  yeah . 
  is that a new thing putting the word `` blasts '' in every headline now ? 
  it 's irritating . 
  yeah . 
  that stereotype of eu being a 4th reich is really annoying outside of humor . 
  open access journals already exist , and they do n't seem to be causing any major problem . 
  do you know that most journals make researchers pay to publish their articles ? 
  in any case , they 're certainly not paid for publishing articles . 
  that 's completely false . 
  researchers are paid by whoever they work for . 
  the world of scientific publication is obscure to most people . 
  i laughed , and then felt bad . 
  then i laughed again and felt even worse . 
  am i a monster ? 
  well , plan vigipirate is nothing new . 
  i had to endure it back in preschool already . 
  the only thing that annoyed me back then was that i did n't have my mom with me ... those `` news '' really are n't news , these kind of measures have existed for a long time , and it 's far from being the first time they have been applied . 
  please , apple , do n't pretend to give a shit about the sovereignty of eu member states . 
  besides , i 'm more than happy to have the eu defend us against shit like that . 
  sigh ... 
  that 's how things were done in france . 
  it is illegal to completely cover your face in public places , and that includes the burka . 
  that guy simply says whatever the people listening to him want to hear . 
  he 's a piece of shit . 
  medals per capita is a ridiculous measurement . 
  i wish people would stop inventing new ways to rank countries in the olympics to make themselves feel better . 
  there was a also a ranking of the most diversity of sports in which a country won gold in / r/olympics so that uk would rank first ... 
  sucks that it 's closing ... 
  this map should really define things better . 
  like euthanasia . 
  are we talking passive or active euthanasia ? 
  are we differentiating medically assisted suicide and active euthanasia ? 
  not that clear really . 
  we already have problems with running out of room in our prisons . 
  where exactly are we going to put these migrants ? 
  once again , our government show their ignorance of technology and their stupidity, 
  well , in alsace and lorraine sure , the vast majority of people learning german are there . 
  but anywhere else ? 
  statistics from 2015 showed a total of 2 593 230 pupils learning spanish against 837 046 learning german . 
  it 's still the third most popular language after english ( 5 431 305 ) and spanish , but there 's quite a big difference between them . 
  definitely , yeah . 
  you have to choose a secondary language in addition to english at the age of 12-13 in france . 
  i seriously doubt that most kids at that age make their choice based on cultural reasons with a desire of autonomy from germany . 
  most actually take spanish because that 's what pretty much everyone else take , and outside of german , there 's generally no other alternative . 
  it 's definitely easier to learn spanish when already speaking french , yeah . 
  i find it a bit disappointing that so many choose it simply because it 's easier to learn . 
  german is n't even that hard to learn imo . 
  german grammar is pretty fun , and the way you can build words by combining other words also is . 
  for some reason , german is an unpopular choice for a secondary language in france , especially in the face of the ever popular spanish language . 
  we do n't even have enough teachers to teach german , i was more than a year without an actual german teacher back in high school . 
  i find german infinitely more useful to learn than spanish in europe really . 
  oh , go fuck yourself erdogan . 
  i wish the eu as a whole could take a harder stance against turkey and erdogan . 
  hiding what exactly ? 
  is the name and photo of the guy so important ? 
  this also wo n't stop the media from revealing the motive or anything else about the guy which is relevant . 
  besides , not all media agreed to do it , and police will still be releasing all the information . 
  haha , really ? 
  erdogan is having a blast apparently . 
  germany rushing nuclear power out of the picture without making sure they had an alternative ready outside of coal was definitely a mistake . 
  i do n't do anything special . 
  i watch the d\u00e9fil\u00e9 a bit , and that 's all . 
  well , that 's a good thing at least . 
  what a joke . 
  it 's always the eu 's fault , ya know . 
  what makes you think france or germany want a federation ? 
  well , it 's going to be interesting watching the economical consequences of the brexit in these regions . 
  well , what 's left to know is : jail or psychatric hospital ? 
  no shit . 
  you ca n't come as a refugee in a country and then pretend it 's the same as where you come from . 
  it 's sad that it has to be said . 
  nazi and hitler jokes , classy . 
  sounds nice , but we 're not even close to this happening ... 
  did n't know this was n't a standard . 
  i 've had such windows for more than 10 years . 
  `` surrender hon hon hon '', 
  yeah , that 's what i wanted to mention about france . 
  we have been an opt-out country for quite a while now , this probably explains our deceased high donation rates . 
  and they did n't need to buy our electricity this time ? 
  nicely done . 
  i 'm taller than the highest european average , nice . 
  historically , caesar was never an emperor . 
  yeah , she was constantly switching between 0 , 1 and 2 nipples . 
  without any defence , we would have ended with a naked marianne holding a white flag . 
  there , the eiffel tower went dark , you 're happy now ? 
  you can see our constant struggle to keep marianne 's flag from becoming a white flag, 
  bitcoins regrew over night and ate away the megaman , the french flag did n't do anything to it . 
  bitcoiners are running bots to overwrite the whole area including pieces of the megaman , that sucks, 
  oh , come on , give the french flag some rest , italy already has a nice long flag next to the uk . 
  and we barely reconquered this territory from / r/bitcoin . 
  we will not negotiate with aggressors !, 
  this is our rightful clay !, 
  because it 's a caricature ? 
  oh , come on , plenty of countries have been taking constant shit for a while , i know what i 'm talking about .
