in polls jupp\u00e9 looks in a much better position than sarkozy , do n't go too fast saying it will be le pen/sarko . 
  yeah , right , give the election to the guy who is even worse . 
  no fucking body wants to see that clown president again . 
  separation of church and state worked quite well here i 'd say . 
  all glory to the relations between france and the united cuntdom !, 
  ^ i 'm ^ doing ^ this ^ right ^ too , ^ right ^ ? 
  damn , those people are courageous . 
  yeah that sucks then , they could n't vote , and waited hours for nothing . 
  interesting to know it happened in other europeans capitals though . 
  for the gendarme bit , i 'll wait for a more credible source . 
  it 's easy to make things up when you are in the middle on an angry group of people . 
  that really sucks if those romanian citizens could n't vote , but i ca n't find a single mention to such an incident ( especially the insult ) in any of our newspaper/news website . 
  is the source credible ? 
  taxes and tolls are n't really comparable ways to make people pay . 
  that depends on which road you take . 
  some `` autoroutes '' have tolls , some do n't ( especially parisian ones ) . 
  the toll also depends entirely on which company runs the autoroute . 
  some make you take a ticket when entering the road and then makes you pay when you leave it , some simply make you pay a static toll when passing through one particular point . 
  strangers do n't get higher tolls than us . 
  ( they are already high though , government is talking about lowering them ), 
  germany is a pretty cool buddy . 
  there 's things like that in france too , there 's one in normandy . 
  they 're called `` pont canal '' . 
  well , it 's not hard to hit a new record high , when you 're already at a record high . 
  this is awful . 
  they must really love us . 
  so accurate it hurts . 
  yeah , that 's what the blue stars mean . 
  ... i 'm not surprised . 
  3 out of 4 , we win !, 
  probably more light green . 
  i 'm not really fond of the uk mentality . 
   person well , i was taught german by an awesome person who loved germany , so i ca n't not love em . 
  that 's like , a bit overkill no ? 
  germany looks like it 's eating poland . 
  ( damn you , you cracked me up ), 
  ^ ( just kidding for the uk , they 're green ), 
  but obviously the point was to word it in such a way that you could thing that it was the ukrainian army which did it . 
  but still , it would be wrong to entirely censor opposition . 
  that would n't be a democracy at all . 
  that 's pretty old though . 
  she 's not wrong though . 
  her opinion wo n't change how citizens of france will vote anyway . 
  we know how to celebrate diplomatic ties do n't we ? 
  dem photoshop, 
  that 's the other way around . 
  french people complain because poland do n't want france to sell ships to russia but do n't buy anything from us . 
  if they just let us sell them without complaining , them we 're fine . 
  i really would n't care about poland if they were n't so annoying . 
  we should just sell those stupid boats , they 'll get us more money . 
  point is that countries should take care of their own shit before shitting on others like innocent angels . 
  that 's cute . 
  us 's funding to the middle east sure is n't stopping iran from developing nuclear weapons . 
  your senseless ad-hominem attacks are worthless . 
  yeah , the middle east definitely are n't a danger right ? 
  and saying that russia is invading europe because of some shit on the border of it is a ** gross ** exaggeration . 
  people saying they are going for poland are ridiculous , do you really think that can happen ? 
  russia has never attacked a country in the eu , there 's no reason why he would do it now . 
  do you remember the fact that russia and us have nukes ? 
  isis and the middle east chaos is easily a much bigger problem than the annexation of crimea . 
  and guess who armed them ? 
  it 's also not like americans sell weapons to everyone in the middle east . 
  i dunno about mine , but there 's a kind of pole bagel that i love . 
  meh , you broke the law , you pay . 
  yeah , i 'd take just about anybody at this point over this piece of shit . 
  i really hope he 's not the next ump candidate for 2017 , and i also hope that he ends up in jail for all the shit he did . 
   that means we get all the money instead of beeing one of money leading nuclear countries ... because you think being the leading nuclear country does n't bring us a shitload of money too ? 
  we just signed a contract for nuclear plants with south africa . 
  the day renewable becomes the most profitable energy , it 'll be your day of glory , but for now , we 'll keep those plants running . 
  i 'd be happy if we had more renewable stuff , but everytime there 's a project for some windmill or dam , people get crazy and boycott the project . 
  it 's so annoying . 
  i personally find windmill cool looking . 
  irrational fear of nuclear and the couple accidents which happened in the last 50 years are the reason . 
  `` who cares about coal fucking up our planet ? 
  uranium will kill us all ! '', 
   also they will be extremely expensive , so the state ( yet again ) will build them ... nuclear energy actually is n't all that cheap renewable is n't exactly cheap either , check what you pay for electricity . 
  we can easily get the money back by selling plants and sharing technology to other countries . 
   it is more accurate to say that france rides of germanys production shit , i guess all our nuclear plants are useless then . 
  france is n't exactly full nuclear . 
  sometimes we buy from you , sometimes you buy from us , seems balanced to me . 
  good , countries near russia should n't bend to their desire , especially if they are in the eu and in the nato . 
  the ussr is n't there anymore , putin . 
   men walking around with eternal erections having sex with white virgins with pear-shaped breasts and appetising vaginas , who do not defecate and who constantly sing praises to said eternally-erect men . 
  does n't seem so bad after all ... 
  the ones who had the idea in a first place were them with one of the main goal being preventing further wars between the 2 and while `` free trade '' is n't the exact term , you still get the idea . 
  do n't play one words with me . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community `` the ecsc was first proposed by french foreign minister robert schuman on 9 may 1950 as a way to prevent further war between france and germany . 
  he declared his aim was to `` make war not only unthinkable but materially impossible '' '' get your shit right . 
  please , germany does what it wants in europe already . 
  do that , and i guarantee you fn will win the next elections and remove france from the eu . 
  we 're standing on the edge . 
  france is one of the countries which originally founded the eu , having one of those countries leave the eu would be an ultimate testament to the failure of the eu . 
  you and i do n't want that , i assure you . 
  people tend to forget that at its very roots , the eu started with a free trade argument between france and germany . 
  2017 is going to be a shitfest . 
  well , seems like the separation of church and state was an absolute success here . 
  so it 's clear to me . 
  nothing , you have nothing . 
  i 'm ending this now . 
  so much for an united europe .
