  ( year the qatar bought it ), 
  that 's a bit far fetched , it 's already hard enough to make the tour de france go to other french places like corsica , so thailand ? ... 
  and he cries for ad-hominem every time someone mentions he is some fn fanatic , as his only defense . 
  small club ? 
  yeah , you definitely got it wrong , they are 4th currently on the rankings of ligue 1 ( the biggest championship in france ) . 
  zlatan is a like a superstar here , especially for the youth . 
  people also mostly do n't care that the club is owned by qataris , they are used to qataris owning a lot of things around . 
  anything will piss off parisians . 
  i know one effective sentence to piss off parisians though . 
  talk about football ( `` soccer '' ) and say how om ( marseille 's team ) is so much better than psg ( paris team ) . 
  there 's a really big rivalry between the two , and if the guy is into football , he 'll probably hate you for that . 
  source : i 'm parisian . 
  how to piss off all europeans at once : claim that the differences between states in the usa are bigger than the differences between countries in europe . 
  holy shit . 
  i lost all respect ( if i had any ... ) for the ioc . 
  enjoy les sources . 
  not exactly better if that 's the case . 
  looks correct to me . 
  a lot . 
  most are coming from the us . 
  olso ? 
  he raised his daughter , do you really think she has radically different ideas ? 
  jean marie is also still the president of honor of fn . 
  next , cameron will be running for the presidency of the us . 
  i can `` visualise '' stupid comments . 
  have you ever seen or heard of jean marie le pen ? 
  he is the father of the current fn leader , and he was leader himself a couple years ago since the creation of fn by himself . 
  he is everything you can despise in someone , xenophobia , racism , he even denies the holocaust . 
  that 's why people do n't want anything to do with them . 
  please , we 're like one of the few countries doing shit on this planet . 
  i think he hates homesexuals though . 
  i doubt this will work . 
  you 're cute . 
  just like poland is butt-hurt that we are selling boats to countries they do n't like . 
  sure . 
  if it means not being the bitch of useless allies , i 'll take that . 
  france was n't in the nato for a while ( thank you sarkozy for bringing us back in ... ) , but russia definitely are n't considered as `` allies '' , but not considered as enemies at all either . 
   not buying any weapons from you in future . 
  you 'd have to start buying them from us in a first place , we 're not going to lose something precious here . 
  the day poland does something for us , we 'll do something for them . 
  maybe if they bought our planes instead of american planes , we would n't need to sell warships to russia ? 
  we have an industry to run , and it 's always the same countries who must shoot their economy in the head for the sake of `` allies '' . 
  if it had been the us , they would have completely ignored you , entitled poles . 
  i 'm pretty sure that map is fucked up . 
  there is a major central being built in france right now . 
  this is what i said . 
  well , i 'm really sorry for that guy ... but going around in arabic countries in the current situation is n't a smart idea at all . 
  well , that separation actually started halfway through the 19th century ... 
  yeah , everyone is austrian apparently . 
  i do n't , and i live just on the border of it . 
  it 's a beautiful city to explore . 
  yeah , but that 's not every day . 
  shower twice a day ? 
  that 's a bit overkill no ? 
  i went to italy for 5 days and ate at an hotel . 
  do you really eat that much pastas everyday ? 
  this is how this syndrome is interpreted by many people though . 
  `` paris is actually shitty amiright ? '', 
  as far as i know , those credit card often give you the option to pay directly * or * pay with a credit , depending on the terminal you use it on . 
  they act as both . 
  this is what mine does . 
  then you ca n't pretend those comments are all in my head . 
  from everywhere on reddit , i got and saw comments like that . 
  hell , you never went on / r/worldnews did you ? 
  that goes for france too . 
  many people ( generally americans , go figure ) think europe is being `` invaded '' by muslims for some reason ... 
  you do n't need a credit card to be irresponsible with money . 
   france where they are virtually non existant . 
  excuse me ? 
   i know exactly what goes out of my account and how is that any different when using a credit card ? 
  here , every single transaction done with my account , including the credit card is sent to me on a piece of paper every month . 
  i do n't have to worry about that money fleeing here and there . 
  i only pay a small fee for the card itself ( around 7 $ per month ) if i get my card stolen , i can tell the bank and they 'll block it and cancel any transactions you did n't make . 
  if i get cash stolen ? 
  tough shit bro . 
  ah , did i mention a lot of gas stations only take credits cards here ? 
  yeah , i honestly consider credit cards to be a god send in this world . 
  put card in , put code , get your card back , done . 
  no need to walk around with a lot of cash that can be stolen from you easily . 
  also , you ca n't pay stuff on the internet with cash . 
  yugoslavia still exists and its name is bulgaria now ? 
  damn , i feel like i missed something . 
  i honestly do n't see him getting reelected either way anyway . 
  i totally * never * expected that !, 
  what a * surprise * !, 
  i can already predict what will happen in 2017 : marine le pen vs sarkozy at the second turn , and sarko gets elected in a censure vote against lepen , just like in 2002 . 
  did n't expect russia up there , honestly . 
  are there many things to visit there outside of moscow ? 
  sure , sure . 
  to be fair , that 's how it feels to me , but i let it be . 
  i said this was the case , but please cite the exact sentence where i said we should dig up to the mantle and put the waste here . 
  you 're inventing stuff . 
  i did n't say you had to go to the crust . 
  that would be madness . 
  we have the technology . 
  companies * do n't want * to . 
  financial reasons . 
  if we dig deep enough , it 's essentially the same thing . 
  now the problem is that companies tend to bullshit on that and throw the waste anywhere they want . 
  so instead of shooting down nuclear power , shoot down those piece of shit companies , enforce strict laws on nuclear waste and encourage progress in that direction .
