  they 're one of my favorite pastries , just so delicious . 
  e u r o t u n n e l u r o t u n n e l, 
  but of course those damned englishmen had to ruin it all !, 
  macron fucked up and should have kept to his strategy of saying nothing . 
  winning the first turn ? 
  sure . 
  the second turn ? 
  good . 
  i ca n't see forcing countries to do things they do n't want to do going well . 
  i am for a stronger eu and for more cooperation and possibly integration , but i 'm against a federal europe . 
  countries should remain fully sovereign . 
  i do n't think a federal europe could ever happen anyway , not i , there are too many cultural and political differences between countries . 
  it 's really nothing more than a pr move . 
  she knew how this would go . 
  and judging by the reactions in this sub , it 's working perfectly . 
  that 's like the time she popped in unannounced in a migrant camp , only to be rightly prevented from entering . 
  she then turned this into a political argument . 
  and people wonder how populists end up in a position of power ... 
  a lot of them look like ghettos ... 
  algeria is not `` widely acknowledged '' to be a mistake , or at least it 's not taught that way at all . 
  most of what is learned about algeria in school is through the algerian war . 
  algeria had been french for over 100 years , it was n't even a colony anymore , it was an integral part of france being divided in a bunch of `` d\u00e9partements '' . 
  many french people lived there ( pieds noirs ) but locals had limited rights and did n't have the french nationality . 
  just like for many other colonized countries , they started to want independence after ww2 , but the french government was n't okay with that particularly after what happened in indochina and it ended up in a bloody war . 
  anyway , it 's easy to understand why it 's so controversial . 
  horrible crimes were committed by both sides ( terror attacks , torture , etc. 
  ) , the war nearly politically took down france ( putsch d'alger , end of the 4th republic ) and happened not that long ago which means that many people who lived in algeria or fought in the war are still alive . 
  he 's the best . 
   b ) it ended badly only for a couple colonies though to be fair ( algeria and indochina/vietnam in particular ) ) . 
  a lot of them simply took their independance without any additionnal trouble . 
   c ) we need to improve friendship with ex-colonies we already have good relations with a lot of our ex-colonies , obviously except the ones we went to war with . 
  obligatory `` morocco is not in europe '' comment . 
   a lot of german families have ancestors who remember the expulsion from their homes oh to well and it was anything but a pleasant experience . 
  well , i mean , germany did the same thing to the french population when it took over alsace-lorraine in 1870 . 
  either they 'd leave , either they 'd change their nationality to german . 
  a lot of them had to leave . 
  got worse during ww1 when germany started replacing french street names with german ones and forbade people from speaking french . 
  over the past 2 centuries , alsace and lorraine have been more french than german , so i 'm really not sure why it 's a sensitive subject for germans . 
  subs are n't alive and do n't say anything . 
  le pen would destroy our country and harm europe . 
  that 's all she 'd be able to be . 
  but no more migrants , so that 's fine , right ? 
  there is a bridge like that in cherbourg , france . 
  we call it the `` pont tournant '' . 
  just as false as the other one . 
  everyone learns english in school , i have never once heard someone say that they do n't want to learn english . 
  the way english is taught is just bad . 
  definitely ca n't trust the trump administration . 
  germany and france , best buddies since 1963 . 
  sadly , everyone remembers the war starting with austria-hungary attacking serbia , but we generally do n't learn or talk about what happens there afterwards . 
  both the french and german elections look to be interesting . 
  the general level of english is just shit in our country . 
  those who refuse to speak it probably do so because they 're ashamed of their bad english . 
  the `` they refuse to speak english because they 're arrogant '' circlejerk really does grind my gears . 
  well , macron already had its core voter base , but the pro-valls audience definitely joined his side after the primaries . 
  the polls also show it . 
  fillon is falling down at high speeds due to `` penelopegate '' , the left is fractured between hamon and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  absolutely . 
  and with fillon having some trouble , macron might actually pass him . 
  but we 're still 4 months away from the election , a lot of things could still happen . 
  that austrian eagle looks communist to me . 
  was n't that map posted already some time ago and criticized ? 
  the question is not clear . 
  for example , there is a difference between fighting on another soil , or defending your own soil . 
  also , in times of peace , no one wants to go to war . 
  it 's still running actually . 
  it 's been classical summer game show since what feels forever ago . 
  poland can not into relevant . 
  i would like this system better than the one we have right now . 
  but i do n't think it 's going to change any time soon . 
  i know of russian involvement obviously , but that does n't change the fact that it is a civil war . 
  independentists , backed by russia , are fighting the current government . 
  unless you decide to insult kim jong il , nk is safe for tourists . 
  meanwhile ukraine is in a civil war . 
  it does make sense . 
  you would n't even be a country without the help we gave you back then . 
  you 're welcome . 
  we separated state and religion in 1901 . 
  feels good . 
  sounds nicer anyway . 
  still called `` r\u00e9publique tch\u00e8que '' in french though . 
  would be better as `` tch\u00e9quie '', 
  y' a all jealous . 
  poor portugal . 
  the title is misleading . 
  consent for organ donation has been presumed since 1976 ( loi cavaillet ) . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  the family simply wo n't be consulted anymore to know whether the deceased wanted to donate his organs or not , making the national register for refusal more important . 
  they fused together recently , yeah . 
  this map still shows them separated though . 
  how so exactly ? 
  * upper normandy . 
  we 're fine in the lower one . 
  does n't change anything in my everyday life . 
  well , it would have ended 6 months ago if it was n't for the nice terror attack . 
  there are still so many people here who still converts euro to francs to count money . 
  yes . 
  in most stations , it is possible to skip paying for your ticket by simply jumping over the `` tourniquet '' , the thing that is supposed to prevent you from using the sub without paying . 
  obviously , that 's fraud . 
  stealing a service is the same as stealing an item .
