  it exists , but it 's quite minor . 
  there is no such thing as a graduation party here . 
  it 's the word we 're supposed to use for `` smartphone '' . 
  it just sounds weird , and nobody uses it . 
  dunno , if i 'm more atheist or agnostic , but i do n't really care about such matters to be honest . 
  cheese and wine . 
  also , cigarettes . 
  love baguettes though . 
  not studying any language right now , med school is pretty time consuming . 
  well , actually , i study `` medical '' english ( mostly vocabulary tbf ) , but does that count ? 
  sources for that ? 
  this website shows france with 13 % of homeopathy ( higher than germany ) and like 28 % of osteopathy . 
  i know that those are quite popular here , but i 'm not sure why . 
  the first round is going to be a complete mystery . 
  one thing is certain already though , le pen is not winning the second round . 
  the most likely first round result would be le pen vs macron . 
  however the rising of m\u00e9lenchon could change things . 
  you can send letters to `` d\u00e9put\u00e9s '' and they will generally read and respond , but it does n't really seem that common . 
  those movements are minor . 
  these regions never ever came close to seriously considering independence . 
  i do n't think so . 
  making metallic towers . 
  because we grew up with it and it 's the system that seems the most logical to us . 
  and the way you feel about the imperial system is because of the same reason . 
  guillotine !, 
  i mean , if we 're going to include non-european countries , may as well stop calling it the eu . 
  i 'm not fundamentally opposed , but the candidate would have to be pretty convincing . 
  7 as well here : rouge , orange , jaune , vert , bleu , indigo , violet, 
  i. . . do n't really care about it . 
  i 've also never heard people complaining about that . 
  well , it sounds expensive , and i do n't nearly have the time to do that during my studies . 
  2006 worst year of my life , remove italy !, 
  but , but ... what 's wrong with our engineers :(, 
  yes there is for the `` cour d'assises '' , that 's where crimes are judged , so serious stuff . 
  you have to be over 23 to be selected . 
  i would probably go since not going gets you a 3750 $ fine ( unless you have a very good reason not to ) . 
  * janvier * f\u00e9vrier * mars * avril * mai * juin * juillet * ao\u00fbt * septembre * octobre * novembre * d\u00e9cembre pretty close to the english months . 
  chocolate , chocolate everywhere . 
  a typical easter thing to do is to hide chocolate eggs in many places and to have kids search for them so they can eat them . 
  rather often, 
  italy, 
  greatest rival ? 
  england , no doubt , even though the last serious hostilities with england/the uk ended with the entente cordiale at the beginning of the 20th century ( not counting what happened during ww2 , it was kind of shitshow , and the uk had recognized de gaulle 's free france as the legitimate french leadership , not vichy france ) . 
  ever since guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant ( or william the conqueror if you prefer ) successfully invaded england , the stories of both countries have been linked together . 
  germany could also be considered a rival , but it 's a more recent thing in history imo . 
  it seriously started with the franco-prussian war ending with france 's defeat in 1870 . 
  germany became so worrying that france and the uk stopped bickering and allied in the prospect of having to face germany in war . 
  nowadays , it 's more of a friendly rivalry , the franco-german couple being the heart the eu . 
  first mentions of my city are from the 4th century . 
  it used to be the private domain of some roman landowner . 
  the oldest place is the old abbey which was rebuilt between the 10th and 11th century . 
  it houses the city hall nowadays , and a part of it is also now a church . 
  historic trivia : * jeanne d'arc actually lived some time there . 
  * it used to be a fortified city , and it housed some of the most popular medieval fairs of the region * in 1933 , one of the worst train disasters to have ever happened in france happened there . 
  more than 200 people died . 
  * paul pogba , a rather famous footballer ( at least in france ) , was born there, 
  sealife is a pretty cool aquarium , yeah . 
  went there a couple times ( i live like 10 minutes away from val d'europe ) . 
  one of its 2 co-princes is actually the president of the french republic . 
  so we get to keep our leader . 
  our baguettes are delicious , come taste them . 
  still not completely sure about it , but probably macron . 
  more by default than anything else though . 
  he 's our best shot against le pen and fillon . 
  so , quebec pretty much . 
  as usual , trump acted like a tool . 
  well , french gun laws are already very strict , so that 's not going to change much here . 
  i shot cardboard boxes in the countryside with my grandpa 's hunting rifles a couple times for fun . 
  outside of that , no particular experience with firearms . 
  definitely do n't own any although the thought of wanting to own one has already crossed my mind . 
  shooting seems fun , i consider going to a shooting club some day . 
  they 're welcome to do so if they want to . 
  no idea what you 're talking about . 
  my parents have separate machines for washing and drying . 
  we 've always had separate machines . 
  actually , i did n't know that there were washing machines which also acted as a drying machine . 
  my parents have one . 
  i do n't have one in my student flat though . 
  do n't even have a washing machine . 
  dunno , i 've seen both . 
  gon na have to call jeanne d'arc back to life . 
  believing that america is number one at everything and that nobody else does what they do . 
  paris , or if you want a wider area , the region around it , ile-de-france . 
  there 's the paris-saclay area in the south which is a high tech area for example . 
  mont-saint-michel is rightful normand clay !, 
  not really . 
  i have never heard of that stereotype . 
  there was a map on / r/europe with marijuana usage in europe in the us , and many countries in europe actually had higher rates of use . 
  funny , i had never thought about that . 
  chuck norris is chuck norris in france . 
  he 's rather known . 
  currently studying medicine . 
  also working on a master of biology . 
  not the worst ( looking at you italy ) , but plenty of horrible drivers . 
  the presidential election . 
  particularly fillon and le pen 's problems with justice . 
  i started learning it when i was 8/9 , i did n't really think anything particularly of it . 
  it was just something i could n't understand . 
  `` lol '' , pretty much . 
  that 's a bullshit title .
