  do n't try to make it sound like it 's okay to not pay for a service . 
  you think it does n't cost money to run public transports ? 
  you 're a thief , and you 're bragging about it . 
  `` others do it so i get to do it '' . 
  no , you fuck off , you 're a thief . 
  i hope you get fucked by some ratp agent one day . 
  you 're a thief . 
  nothing 's guaranteed at this point really . 
  fillon/le pen is the safest bet , but those last months showed us that we should n't count too much on statistics . 
  there definitely will be one now . 
  some people were afraid that hollande was going to skip it and declare himself candidate for the ps , but now we know it 's not going to happen . 
  the campaign actually officially started today . 
  candidates have up to the 17th to december to officially declare themselves , and the 2 rounds of voting will happen in january 2017 . 
  i do not agree with many things he says . 
  jupp\u00e9 seemed more reasonable to me . 
  that 's why i 'm disappointed , simple as that . 
  can i have some ? 
  i 'm hungry over here . 
  welp , judging by your comment history and the comment you posted there , you 're a troll . 
  that 's cute . 
  i have other things to waste my time on though . 
  well , disappointed . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised after what happened last week though . 
  at least it 's no sarkozy . 
  2017 is going to be interesting . 
  never said jupp\u00e9 was going to pull out a surprise win . 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  but you can not affirm somebody is a winner before definitive results , seems obvious to me . 
  that 's not like with the us election where passing a certain threshold gets you the win . 
  judging by the tag the mods gave your post , i guess they agree with me . 
  your title is a lie , results are not definitive yet . 
  period . 
  are you retarded ? 
  i made myself clear enough . 
  it 's not a full result yet . 
  it is dishonest to post with such a title before we get the definitive results . 
  if you ca n't get that into your head , it 's not my problem . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not a full result yet , even if there is very little chance for change . 
  do n't get ahead of yourself , it 's not the full result yet . 
  although , he probably won already , yeah . 
  limited data should n't be a thing anymore . 
  well , `` most '' was probably an exaggeration . 
  but they spend more than 5 billion dollars in advertising . 
  and it keeps increasing . 
  other countries do n't have this kind of spending due to advertising drugs being very restricted . 
  https://www.statnews.com/2016/03/09/drug-industry-advertising/ anyway , you 're the one who is going to need to citation for saying that the us expenditure on healthcare is so high because of research . 
  us total expenditure on r&d ( not just medicine ) is 2,7 % of their gdp ( as per [ this wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_research_and_development_spending ) though other sources seem to indicate the same number ), 
  yeah , the only way of having an efficient public health care system is to not have it being facultative . 
  most of the money spent in the us by big pharma is for advertising ... 
  it is foolish to believe that 's the reason for such high spending on healthcare . 
  and it is also foolish to believe the us is the only major actor in medical research in the world . 
  guess who discovered the hiv for example ? 
  a french team ( to be fair , there was also an american team , but the first to isolate the virus was the french team and then the american team tried to take all the credit for themselves . 
  thankfully the injustice was repaired a while later by american authorities and the nobel prize was only given to the french team ), 
  you really do n't wan na have one of these post-antibiotics clostridium difficile gut infection . 
  we should also sensibilize people on the side effects of antibiotics in addition to the creation of resistances . 
  that 's what happened in 2002 , when jean marie le pen made it to the second round of the presidential election . 
  all of sudden everyone went to vote against him . 
  that 's not who the `` pieds noirs '' were ... 
  they were french citizens living in algeria . 
  oh god , the swedish flag . 
  conquering a nuclear power seems like fun stuff . 
  prussia will take care of this . 
  and so does america . 
  28/40 , not too bad . 
  i 'm no dane though . 
  can someone tell me again why we have a stereotype of having many smokers ? 
  a british talking about arrogance , now that 's hypocrisy . 
  hindsight is always 10/10, 
  oh for fuck sake people , stop arguing over things which happened 70 years ago . 
  no one here is personally responsible for what happened then . 
  how the fuck would that have made anything better exactly ? 
  the uk did even less though , and somehow it 's fine for them ... 
  this is no 7-1 , but it works . 
  that 's ... not a school book at all . 
  this is part of a little guide series which are often sold in supermarkets around the country . 
  i doubt people become hunters just for guns . 
  as for shooting clubs , it 's not as as easy as it sounds , you ca n't just sign in a club and then immediately buy a gun , you have to stay there for some time and pass some form of exam . 
  how the hell do we have so many weapons when our gun laws are so restrictive ? 
  you literally can not buy a firearm unless you 're a hunter or part of a shooting club , and i do n't see why there would be more illegal firearms possession here than in an another country . 
  i 'm confused . 
  that goes for most plazas and roundabouts in paris . 
  it takes forever to go through them . 
  englishman , fashion : french lol, 
  completely banned ? 
  no , because there are medical reasons for circumcision like phimosis . 
  however , it should be banned for kids outside of these medical reasons . 
  this is a pretty big fire , right ? 
  they continue to blame the eu for everything , even while they are in the process of leaving it ... 
  swapping france , great britain and england ? 
  how infuriating !, 
  the train is still called a tgv though . 
  the service is the one becoming inoui , not the train . 
  the sun , being as shit as ever i guess . 
  that 's not exactly the general opinion in france . 
  the man is held in the highest regards most of the time . 
  small country between switzerland and austria . 
  aside from that , i know next to nothing about it . 
  let me guess , they were on vacation too ?
