  what alliance ? 
  ukraine is n't in the eu , it is n't in the nato , france has no obligations to help ukraine . 
   i like to play . 
  i 'm enjoying this very much . 
  do n't you ? 
  oh i do . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fq80f/eurosceptics_of_reurope_what_is_your_stance_on/ckbwjqn not only this does n't answer my question , but it 's just a list of things you * personally * do n't like . 
  no proof , no explanation , no sources that you love so much . 
  to be honest , some of them i can agree with , but that 's really not enough . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fqvdd/farright_at_gates_of_power_in_france_says_pm_valls/ckc5cw9 immigration . 
  immigration . 
  immigration . 
  immigration . 
  immigration . 
  immigration . 
  because you think that 's the only reason why france is in shit right now ? 
  you 're also just throwing in random stats . 
  let 's say , marine gets elected . 
  she bans immigration from africa and eastern europe . 
  what do we do after to save our economy ? 
  our society ? 
  how do we deal with what we already have ? 
  what is your vision of the future ? 
  do you really think getting rid of the europe will bring us somewhere ? 
  if you ca n't answer those questions , than why should i support fn ? 
  ah , pretentious fucks , typical fn guys . 
   why did you come in the first place ? 
  what a mystery ... oh wait , what does it have to do with anything ? 
   maybe you want to show that fn 's opponents do n't have anything else to offer than insults and lies ? 
  sure , i have all the stock of insults and truths you ca n't bear you want . 
  i can find a lot to say about idiots who want to ruin france and turn it into vichy 2.0 for the sake of a racist shitlord ( or his daughter , does n't matter , it 's the same ) . 
   keep on making a fool of yourself . 
  oh , tough shit , random people from who knows where will make fun of someone they do n't know anything about !, 
  what am i going to do ? 
  my life is ruined !, 
  no frankly , i do n't give a shit what you think , but obviously you do . 
   the first time i corrected you . 
  you answered with insults . 
  do you remember ? 
  it was just yesterday . 
  you never corrected me , but if that makes momma marine happy , so be it . 
  le pen is a big ass racist , he does n't care about others but himself and he never did anything to deny it . 
  he is content of that identity . 
  the biggest fool here is you . 
  why are you still here ? 
  you realllllly love arguing for the sake of arguing , and defending fn gives you the means to do it right ? 
  bah , more pretentious shit in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  give up , seriously . 
  or is this your job to do this ? 
  would n't surprise me if the fn has guys like you trying to convert more idiots . 
   you 're the aggressive one . 
  you 're the one that 's insulting people and misrepresenting arguments , when it 's not blatant lie . 
  seriously , i ca n't stop laughing now . 
  you 're going to kill me if that continues . 
  you 're the only retard acting pretentious around here . 
  what , you are going to come at me with more of your pretentious `` i 'm always right , you 're always wrong '' shit ? 
  i 'm bored really , bring it so i can have more fun with you . 
  as usual , you play on words , and negate everything . 
  see why people hate `` debating '' with people like you ? 
  you 'll always have something to say in return . 
  you consider everyone like an enemy , and an adversary . 
  i 'm not your fucking opponent in the tv debate in the second turn of the presidential elections , i 'm not a politician , i have nothing to prove to you , actually , it should be the contrary . 
  you 're also not going to have any effect holding such pointless arguments in / r/europe . 
  you think some polish guy is going to come to france , take the french nationality and vote for le pen after reading your aggressive comments ? 
  is it too hard to understand for you ? 
  you complain about ad hominem arguments , but everything in your behavior makes people want to react that way . 
  ca n't you question yourself before questioning others ? 
  if that is the ideology of the fn , i 'm even less inclined to seeing it at the head of our country . 
  our democratic system is catastrophic and the rise of the fn is the absolute testament to that . 
   people like me ? 
  because obviously we are all the same ... 
  so what ? 
  if you embrace the ideologies of fn , i 'll consider you exactly the same as a member from fn . 
  there are more than 6.5 billion people on this planet , i do n't have the time to consider everyone individually , especially over the internet . 
   lol . 
  being good has never been related to the results in elections . 
  and the fn does not pretend to represent everything good in the world , they pretend to represent what 's good for french people . 
  because history clearly showed that getting rid of all immigrants and enforcing patriotism works * extremely well * for saving a country . 
  the most powerful country in the world right now grew up so fast because of immigration . 
  things are n't perfect now of course !, 
  but closing all doors just like that is n't exactly some kind of miracle solution . 
   mlp is still more popular than fran\u00e7ois hollande ... wow , what a ground breaking achievement , fran\u00e7ois hollande is so popular after all . 
  on a serious note , more and more people are going to vote for her , why ? 
  because all other options are exhausted , ump sucked , ps sucks , the rest does n't look attractive . 
  most are not going to vote for fn because they like marine . 
  i ca n't really blame them , but i refuse to see the fn as some kind of magic solution . 
  actually , i kind of want to see her elected , so that people can finally become disillusioned . 
   nope , this was lying though . 
  you 've been confronted but still refuse to face the facts ? 
  hey , you know what ? 
  let 's say that he never denied the holocaust , since that pleases you so much . 
  but saying that it 's just a detail ? 
  he 's still an asshole . 
  he does n't care about it , you do n't ignore so many deathes . 
  even if for some reason you do n't like jews , you ** must ** fully acknowledge and remember what happened to prevent it from happening again , to any other kind of population . 
  you ca n't have rational `` debates '' with people like you . 
  you will never change your opinion in a moderated way , since you seem to love extremes ( going from far left to far right just like that ? 
  good job ) if fn represented everything good in the world , they would have been elected by now , and they would n't be seen so badly in france , yet any critic towards them is `` lying '' for you ? 
  just give it up . 
  well , qatar 's money definitely helps , but i can assure you that the psg was already very popular way before 2011 .
