  sadly , ours just keep falling . 
  seriously , we apparently have less trust in the eu than the uk . 
  the way i remember them is : lithuania is the southern one since it borders poland and both country used to be the commonwealth , estonia is the northern one because of all those `` nordics '' jokes , and obviously latvia is the one left in the middle . 
  should we consider that a terrorist attack ? 
   the americans would n't have gotten involved in europe why not ? 
  nazi germany declared war on the us , it 's not like they could have simply ignored this threat . 
  besides , they were already at work in northern africa and southern europe before d-day . 
  with nazi germany crumbling before the ussr , the us could surely have still freed a significant part of western europe before the ussr would have done so and without the help of the uk . 
  and here i thought british people had humor ... 
  god dammit germany , you did the thing again . 
  then leave the nato . 
  weird , i 've never heard of criteo before ... 
  eh , i 'm against a federal union . 
  at least for the time being . 
  it would n't work and forcing it on everybody would probably make the eu blow up in pieces . 
  diplomacy ? 
  what is it ? 
  gee , every passing day shows even more how much of a clown trump really is . 
  remove monarchy !, 
  you probably made a couple of austrians mad there . 
  i barely understand anything , but that clip is hilarious . 
  of course he would . 
  polls should include confidence intervals on their result graphs . 
  but i guess that would confuse a lot of people ... 
  every day , a new country to insult . 
  last time i checked , french people in brittany and in alsace spoke primarily french . 
  this map is weird . 
  well , that 's simply an observation from the british empire post which was on / r/europe a couple days ago . 
  there were brits up in arms defending the british empire whenever someone mentioned that it did n't only do good . 
  old people voting fillon ? 
  unsurprising results . 
  also , it counters the recent / r/europe post saying that the youth was voting primarily le pen . 
  in my experience they are the most defiant toward her . 
  well , you did prove my point . 
  besides , one does n't prevent the other . 
  that 's the russian effect i guess . 
  nah , to get butthurt brits , simply talk shit about their empire . 
  [ current map of french overseas territory ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/outre-mer_en.png ), 
  i wonder how things would have turned out to be if france and the uk had gone to war during the fashoda incident . 
  in 1898 , they were on the brink of war , 16 years later , they fight together against germany . 
  can media stop using that stupid meaningless title ? 
  just say angela merkel ... 
  not until le pen loses . 
  same in french with `` anglosaxons '' . 
  very commonly used to designate the english speaking world , particularly in the media . 
  it does n't really have an historical value unless used in a `` historic '' setting obviously . 
  so , is he going to say that anyone boycotting him and his dictatorship is a nazi ? 
  that 's pretty pathetic . 
  be careful , you woke up the m\u00e9lenchon fanboys . 
  they watched all his youtube videos and are ready to spread his holy word , 
  you really think people are going to switch from macron to le pen , forgetting everything that makes them hate her , just because she is anti-eu ? 
  that 's naive . 
  absolutely not . 
  whether or not the candidate is pro-eu is really second-hand . 
  nobody gives it any serious attention in those elections , maybe except fn voters . 
  macron is n't going to lose because he 's pro-eu ... also , reminder that fillon and hamon are also pro-eu and both have a sizable voter base . 
  hamon still does better in polls than m\u00e9lenchon . 
  he 's the stronger contestant of the 2 . 
  knowing m\u00e9lenchon , he will never drop out in his favor though . 
  i ca n't wait for the elections so people stop saying `` muh trump , muh brexit , le pen will totally win '', 
   the worst ( and best for some ) would be if jupp\u00e9 join macron . 
  i seriously do n't see him do that . 
  that would be a political suicide for jupp\u00e9 imo . 
  i do n't see fillon letting go before the 17th of march ( the deadline to get the 500 signatures ) and jupp\u00e9 was probably the only one popular enough to go on to the second turn . 
   we will probably see a macron scandal soon . 
  what do you base yourself on to say that ? 
  all attempts so far to create a big scandal have been utter failures ( dae macron is gay ? ) . 
  he said some stupid things not too long ago which costed him some points but he went back up with bayrou 's support . 
  macron must be jubilating right now . 
  unless a huge scandal breaks out on him in the incoming weeks , he 'll be our next president . 
   the worst term in history on what metric do you base yourself on to say that exactly ? 
  you do n't even have to go much further to find a worse term : sarkozy 's . 
  he got his ass kicked by hollande because we did n't want him back , and he failed at returning for the 2017 presidential election . 
  that says a lot . 
  did n't know we had the largest jewish population in europe . 
  i think it 's safe to say that turkey is basically a dictatorship now . 
  definitely macron . 
  most of the right wing would certainly switch to macron . 
  hamon and m\u00e9lenchon are not having any problems with justice as well . 
  i do n't really get the point of bidets . 
  toilet paper is usually enough . 
  do n't people clean those areas in the shower anyway ? 
  seems fair enough . 
  he was basically unheard of in politics when he was appointed minister of economy . 
  he passed the `` loi macron '' and resigned not too long afterward , and founded his own movement ( which is n't a party ) . 
  well , outside of knowing that it was part of yougoslavia and that it formed a single state with serbia for a couple years , i hardly know anything about it . 
  and it would die 51 years later , after starting wwi by declaring war on serbia and losing it . 
  the left is n't winning the next election , that much is clear . 
  welcome to the club . 
  yeah , it 's one of the best one i 've ever read . 
  kinda similar to us as well . 
  most people mistake it for arrogance . 
  what i 'm going to say is banter , but sometimes i wish napoleon had won at trafalgar and had invaded the uk . 
  brits would n't be so unbearably smug nowadays . 
  and yet they spoke french . 
  they are the reason why some sentences are still read in french at the english parliament . 
  but evidently , a brit would never admit that . 
  lifelong neighbors , rivals and allies . 
  oh god , i love p\u0105czki . 
  one of my grandmother actually came from poland ( her family fled during ww2 ) and brought back the recipe for them that she then taught to my father .
