   i 'm asking your advice , what can i do , what are my options about bailing out from turkey with my family and where can i go in europe ? 
  most countries ( i ca n't speak for all , as i do n't know ) wo n't allow you unless you have a job , even then it is not assured you 'll get permanent residency . 
  that is however the route you need to walk if you want to come to europe, 
  riots , a few attacks ; by that standard america is in civil war with its black community, 
  so you asked a question you already know the answer to ? 
   flour : / never heard about that to brush teeth . 
  does slovenia want to keep yeast alive between the teeth ? 
  plane is probably cheaper unless you plan months ahead , train can be faster short distances comfort can be better by train, 
  it really depends on what you want to do ... you want to go from point a to b ? 
  or do you want to go from a to z with 24 stops in between ? 
   `` be wary of news outlets , they 're working against us/you ! '', 
  oh right , that was as thing, 
  seems a land grap looking at the maps . 
  there is not much to be done about it ; like russia that took crimea ( though this luckily is n't populated ), 
  it helps if you correct me , not just point out i 'm wrong so they are not islamic ? 
  so what are they ? 
  edit , ah i was confused , they are `` anti integration '' which i just see as convoluted way of promoting islam . 
  everyone should just keep their own lifestyles they like . 
  now i 'm liberal , but this just screams ; `` let us do whatever we want '', 
  today ( last few days ) seem quiet ; not much news stayed with me , we are watching the brexitshow only thing that comes to my mind is the new political party ; denk , ( which is ` think ' in dutch ) , they are an tolerance anti integration party my opinion on it ; it is a joke , their website has their agenda on it ; the entire thing is 400 words, 
  you should ask them , not us but your first mistake was taking something on reddit as representative, 
  the only downside i can think of is that i tend to forget i need different currencies if i travel outside the euro zone , i just seems so normal now to go to germany or belgium without worrying about cash or conversion rates, 
   the legislation the referendum was created by specifically stated that it was not binding on parliament . 
  i understand that , the question was more like ; if parlament decides to go with the referendum and wants to invoke article 50 , can the prime minister veto that ? 
  as i understand now according the others in the post , he ca n't , right ? 
  thanks for the detailed explanation, 
   normally , through general election ( not exactly , we vote for the party here , rather than the person ) , since the conservatives are in power , they 're going to have an intra-party vote to decide the pm . 
  so there wo n't be a direct vote from the population ? 
  the ruling parties send forth the prime minister ? 
  ( this is also how we do it in the netherlands )  unless he gets in under the line of `` i wo n't enact article 50 '' . 
  exactly , that was my thought ; the second referendum by proxy could save a lot among the stay side, 
  i understand that , but it could be very damaging for parties to ignore the referendum . 
  however that damage could be mitigated by having a second referendum by proxy through a new election, 
  could the uk close its borders for poles ? 
  no , so it could n't do what i could have done if it were n't part of the eu ; they lost sovereignty, 
  secondly do you not realize how stupid it looks to just shout `` history agrees with me , i 'm right '' that is why we use sources , then you can actually show people you are right and not just talking shit, 
  what exactly are you thinking we are discussing ? 
  we were discussing the definition of nationalism how the fuck does 1000 years of history have to do with the definition today ; even if the meaning was different 50 years ago ( which i 'm pretty sure it is n't ) it would n't be relevant on what the definition is today, 
  how about you show some sources like i did, 
  is that really ` honour ' though ? 
  yes thanks, 
   nationalism involves national identity good luck being a patriot without national identity, 
  i 'm european , so no here , more sources ;  nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture or ethnicity that holds that group together . 
  this can be expressed as a belief or political ideology that involves an individual identifying with or becoming attached to one 's nation . 
  nationalism involves national identity , by contrast with the related concept of patriotism , which involves the social conditioning and personal behaviors that support a state 's decisions and actions . 
  [ 1 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism, 
  nah , i can see that they gained some sovereignty ( i would n't call it independence ) in the eu you are limited with laws you can make in your own country sure you can step out when you not like something , but it is more difficult . 
  so i understand the argument made secondly ; i think it is clear the eu is slowly working towards a total union , i think ( somewhere far in the future ) there might come a moment when countries no longer are allowed to leave the union ( just look at the usa ), 
   nationalism * nationalism * * noun * 1 . 
  * patriotic feeling , principles , or efforts . 
  * an extreme form of patriotism marked by a feeling of superiority over other countries . 
  * advocacy of political independence for a particular country . 
  * edit ; lol , dictionary definition is getting downvoted, 
   why is nationalism not a good thing ? 
  you 're seriously asking europeans that question ? 
  people tend to confuse nationalism with extreme nationalism . 
  nationalism in itself is n't that bad ; it keep countries together . 
  if you have no interest in your country/community what so ever seems to me like a bad thing, 
   are voting for trump due to ... fear ... business owners of multinational corporations : /  is some other nation with citizens and leaders and a culture different then my own dictating a course of action we must take or we will be punished . 
  why is this not seen as in issue for average europeans ? 
  are they really that different though ? 
  at least in western europe the politics seem pretty similar to me ( but maybe i 'm just ignorant ) especially with fear of muslims etc the differences between countries seem less big  i 'm unsure of what the benefits of the eu are to the average person . 
  stronger economy , security of the future , ( in the future ) stronger army  a lot of people i know see britain declaring `` independence '' from the eu as a good thing , me included . 
  why ? 
  what do they gain ? 
  either nothing for a loss of seats or sovereignty for the loss of economy  why nationalism is not seen as a good thing nationalism towards a country or nationalism towards the eu ... what is the difference ? 
  hard to say from inside the country :p, 
   probably the actors then . 
  i 'm not sure , there are good dutch , english speaking , actors ( melisandre of game of thrones for example ), 
  i ca n't think of 1 that was english spoken so probably not, 
  sure a film here and there is made , some even have a decent budget . 
  but to call it `` an industry '' is a bit much, 
   video game development , or film industry no  music production which country does n't ? 
  do i like it ? 
  but for the djs ; no ( with the exception here and there )  voice acting , acting we have that , but if it is robust ... i have no idea, 
   what euro-skeptic people usually do n't like is european union , i.e. 
  the creation of a super-state with loss of national sovereignty for single countries . 
  sure i agree , but think this as the layman european ; if he sees uk doing well ` outside ' the eu , he will wonder `` why stay in the eu ? '', 
  not seeing that the uk still is within the eu economically, 
  i do n't know which , but either dutch actors are bad or it being my mother language it is easy to detect the mistakes ; the unnatural parts of the speech or a combination of both also i 've been grown up with subtitled , so it could also be just what i 'm used to, 
  personally ; i prefer english written books over dutch i always set my settings to english in games i will never play a dutch spoken game , and aside from news and documentaries , i wo n't watch dutch spoken shows, 
  the total collapse of the eu is more likely to happen if the uk is successful than if the uk fails . 
  ( as the layman european will wonder what use the eu is if the uk is successful ), 
  i think it might even be worse for the eu to accept a sensible trade deal than it would be to reject it yes , economically a deal makes sense , but not politically, 
   economically speaking it 's in the best interest of both parties . 
  economically yes , but you ca n't just ignore all other factors ; politically this can be very damaging to the eu secondly , is it really likely that they 'll want this ? 
  because it is basically the same as staying in the eu , they 'll still have to pay , they still need to allow freedom of movement and they still have to comply with eu regulations, 
  isis hates everyone ... not sure what there is not to get, 
  where ever it wants , plate tectonics are unstoppable , it will take 1000s of years though, 
  eu can say ` no ' , though probably wo n't, 
  we refer to moroccans and as moroccans or if they children of moroccans as off moroccan decent . 
  same with turks . 
  generally otherwise not ( even these are not used that often ) , we just do n't make the distinction ( though that might differ in other communities ) interesting , the last few years , some limited communities have started calling north africans or people of north african decent as ` finns ' , but only in a negative connotation because pointing out north africans as north africans in a criminal context is considered racist by some , others have started saying `` damn finns again '' when seeing north africans connected to a crime because scandinavians are never connected to crimes * edit ; why am i being downvoted ? 
  how am i wrong ? 
  maybe other dutch people experience different things , but i do n't see here any other dutch sharing their experiences *, 
  i 'm dutch there are only around 17m of us in europe ( 700m ) . 
  quite a minority :p, 
   i hope cuba can keep it 's social policies intact and earn some euro 's ( and dollars ) from tourism and trade . 
  and a little more freedom of press, 
   i hope cuba can keep it 's social policies intact and earn some euro 's ( and dollars ) from tourism and trade .
