  you forget an important part of the politics . 
  the eu has a lot to lose ; if the uk gets the better end of the stick ; the eu might be doomed ; other countries might follow uks lead if the uk is successful . 
  the eu might be willing to sacrifice economy to come out stronger politically . 
  an bad economic outcome is easy to sell ( `` we are stronger together , so if someone leaves it will be bad for everyone '' ) . 
  a bad political outcome ( a country leaving and becoming better off ) ca n't be sold easily, 
   and the roma are the least contributing to the taxes , on the contrary , they cost the state more then they contribute . 
  why should a cent of my money go towards them instead of something for me ? 
  because without investment of the government that is never going to change, 
   third option , internment until we get the truth . 
  and how do you determine the truth ? 
  sure you can pick out bad lies , but good lies require you to know the truth , and if you already have that ; why question them ? 
  * ohh , nice officer , i come from tragic life . 
  lost all my relatives in syria , i 'm also a gay atheist opposition politician , if i go back i 'll be executed 3 times over . 
  please pity me * it is not like they wo n't tell you ; they will tell you a sob story and you have no way of showing whether they lie or not, 
  your missing the point ; you think syria is the only sob story around ? 
  in many backwards parts of africa you can get prosecuted for ethnicity , sexuality or religion or because you are a ` witch ' . 
  there are parts with ongoing war and conflict . 
  or have your lady parts cut off just because enough sob stories to make one for every skin colour, 
  if there is one thing libya does n't need right now is more desperate men with nowhere to go and nothing to lose, 
  * ohh , nice officer , i come from tragic life . 
  lost all my relatives in syria , i 'm also a gay atheist opposition politician , if i go back i 'll be executed 3 times over . 
  please pity me * it is not like they wo n't tell you ; they will tell you a sob story and you have no way of showing whether they lie or not, 
   they can correct you if you get it wrong * ohh , nice officer , i come from tragic life . 
  lost all my relatives in syria , i 'm also a gay atheist opposition politician , if i go back i 'll be executed 3 times over . 
  please pity me * there , corrected ; now what ? 
  you think that ? 
  some money is going to convince them take in thousands of unemployed people they can not feed or employ ? 
  all concentrated in coastal areas maybe a corrupt politician will agree to such deal and then flee his own country to a tropical island ; but such a deal wo n't stand long . 
  you claim a whole continent has an untenable situation ; but you think a few small coastal regions can handle that ... right, 
   or tell us where . 
  * ohh , nice officer , i come from tragic life . 
  lost all my relatives in syria , i 'm also a gay atheist opposition politician , if i go back i 'll be executed 3 times over . 
  please pity me *  back to where they boarded the ships and those countries are just going to accept our navy ships in their waters ? 
  they 'll just accept all our problems and will not be incentivized by all this to help them get into the eu , just to get rid of them themselves ? 
   they need to be send back to where ? 
  that is the problem . 
  if we knew where they came from you think we had this problem ? 
  then it would have been as simple as buying a few planes and flying them back as fast as they come in . 
  and how does one achieve fortress europe ? 
  what is to be done with those who try ? 
  if it does n't have a legitimate one ; why do you say we should support the legitimate one ? 
  and how do we know which countries they are from ? 
  that is the problem . 
  if we knew where they came from this immigration would n't be a problem ; we would simply get some planes and fly them back as fast as they came in . 
  the core of the problem is we do n't know where they are from, 
  they are from many countries and do n't we already help libya 's legitimate government ? 
   dump them out on the nearest african shoreline then destroy the boats , which is exactly what they deserve for attempting to illegally enter a european country . 
  together with the non-economic refugees ? 
  and how do you think that is going to go politically with our navy entering their waters ? 
  will this not incentivize those african countries to actually help refugees get to eu shores ? 
  we fuck them , they 'll fuck us, 
  these are not syrian refugees, 
   more lives destroyed by a european policy of , if you make it here you can stay . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  deport people to random countries ? 
  yeah ; no more 4 tickets to sports events, 
  who needs the spanish ? 
  the dutch have done it alone before . 
  on thames even . 
  recently we even sank an us aircraft carrier including escort with one submarine in an exercise, 
  sure , but do n't overestimate the effectiveness of more potential jailtime on the prohibitive effect . 
  people do n't think `` this can land me only x years , it 's worth the risk to rape this person '' in some crimes that might work ; i 'm speculating , but i 'd expect that in some murder cases that might help . 
  if you really hate your neighbor and he makes your life miserable , maybe a too low punishment might make some people go ` thats worth it ' . 
  so in some cases a risk-reward might be considered in some cases by the criminal . 
  but generally it wo n't be and i 'm pretty sure it wo n't for rapes/sexual assaults . 
  i think the prohibitive effect will change more if you change the type of punishment than if you change the amount ( within reason of course ), 
  it is more complicated than that but simplified , yes , this sentence is probably ( assuming it is looked at by specialists ) the best cost effective way of protecting society . 
  but that is normal for religious people if i asked christians or jews the same question i would be surprised if only 30 % would say god laws are more important than the countries laws . 
   in other words , it does n't reflect ~ ~ at all ~ ~ on whether or not they accept state law . 
  it does reflect on the conflicts between sharia law and secular law ( though sharia law is subjective , personal ), 
  i was so confused by that . 
  i ca n't remember seeing that on the news, 
   when asked if they considered the islamic legal and moral code of sharia to be more important than the french republic 's laws , 29 percent of respondents answered `` yes . '', 
  if you asked christians or jews whether gods laws or country laws are more important they to will say gods laws are more important . 
  that does not mean they will not abide by the countries laws . 
  honestly i 'm surprised it is was only 30 % among religious people , if i believed in god you 'd be right expect me to fear that god more than my countries justice system . 
  maybe the rest felt the headline coming and thus answered with ` the right answer ', 
   they should n't get life but 5 years ? 
  why ? 
  because you feel that way ? 
  why should the public chose these punishments ? 
  why not let experts decides which punishments are best for society and most cost effective ? 
  justice system is n't there for revenge . 
  it is for protecting society . 
  i think punishment should n't be decided by the public . 
  why not leave that up to experts ? 
  did it go well this time ? 
  i 've heard nothing about it , so i assume that is good news, 
  why do you think the uk voted leave ? 
  they do n't feel european . 
  it is the biggest problem the eu has . 
  this is a great idea . 
  it reinvests money in infrastructure and promotes eu identity . 
  all bottled water is a scam , that is not limited to the west :p, 
  the question is ; why ca n't uber play by the rules ? 
  if the normal taxis are scum , the marges should be fine . 
  nothing in the rules dictates you should be an asshole or overprice ; so why ca n't uber do it ? 
   would say the latter is worse as it violates the fundamental right to decide about one 's own body the moment you are dead it is n't ` your body ' anymore as ` you ' do n't exist anymore, 
  yeah , that is part of the amateurishness i 'm not saying they could n't hurt or kill anybody , but they do had little to work with and do n't seem to have come up with a reasonable plan to do as much damage as possible . 
  sound like an amateurish attempt they told someone that did n't want in and wanted to use gas canisters .
