  france i believe have a lot of paris tourists and campers . 
  one only pays for one city the other is out pretty cheap with only paying for a place to stand and utilities . 
  china will have proportionally more long time and long distance tourism , which means they spend more money, 
  i think that is what he is showing, 
  what kind of person are you ? 
  do you want parties ? 
  do you want old buildings ? 
  do you want museums ? 
  do you want old culture ? 
  do you want modern culture ? 
  do you want nature ( and what kind ) ? 
  i saw one 2 days ago , so i 'm going by ` too big ', 
  non-establishment ? 
  i have n't paid much attention to fvd , but how much non-establishment can forum for democracy be in a country that is among the most democratic countries in the world ? 
  i like how the netherlands has few non-establishment parties . 
  it suggests a certain satisfaction with the establishment, 
  my own home ; i take most breaks in my own home . 
  the problem with the human population compared to the experiment one is that we have medicine . 
  it artificially removes selection , allowing otherwise non-viable mutations to survive and making more and more people dependent on medicine . 
  democratic system . 
  if i want to vote for a swede i should be able to vote for a swede . 
  i hate the district system, 
  eugenics ( not the forced kind ) is preferable to evolution, 
  i do n't think so , anarchists strive for something similar but they generally realize they do n't live in that system yet, 
  normal application as everyone else ( so only the opt outs the eu offers everyone ) , but i propose a cool off period before rejoining of 10 ^ x years where x is the number of times you left the eu, 
  risk-taking people but i would n't call them ` entrepreneurial '  do you think the character of the people that migrated , over the long term , affected the character of your country and/or america ? 
  no  or was it just a random assortment of people , from which you ca n't draw any such conclusions ? 
  it would probably more often than not , be those that did n't have something to inherit, 
  about 200km assuming you only take a train , maybe a little more if you take a bus to the train remove 2-3 euros for medium distance . 
  same again if you take a bus after the train, 
  how do you mean ? 
  it is not like you ca n't prosecute them after the elections, 
   i agree , but a case could be made that wikileaks has an army of programmers that specialise in confirming the authenticity of leaked documents , which the campaign does n't have . 
  but wikileaks does n't have reference datapile to confirm authenticity , they have to do it by hand ( and then still ca n't tell a good fake from real ) . 
  it is not like macron is going to send wikileaks their data so they can confirm stuff . 
   from what i understand , macron 's campaign is n't a huge machine . 
  i do n't know if they even have a programmer on hand . 
  were n't there accusations of hacks before the leak ? 
  they might have anticipated a leak but secondly even if they do n't employ one , this is the kind of emergency you throw a few thousand euro 's against to limit damage ( buying existing software or a few people to make something in 24 hours , it does n't have to be perfect , just good enough to reduce the work ) ; even macron has that kind of money . 
  i ca n't speak for anyone but myself if there was something of with the data they could have released last week . 
  the fact they waited last minute suggest to me they were n't confident that anything was going to stick under scrutiny, 
   wikileaks , for what it 's worth , basically said it was suspicious that the em campaign identified fakes before they did . 
  why would it be suspicious if someone who knows the data finds fakes before someone who does n't how would wikileaks even know if something was n't fake edit ; i would n't be surprised if a good programmer could in no time make a program that compared the leaks with their own data and organize data in ` confirmed real ' and ` needing further research ' , narrowing the search for fakes a lot, 
  i think their two party system drives the division , if they could become less winner takes all kind of democracy it could go a long way towards becoming less polarizing, 
  [ ditches ( watery ones ) ] ( https://beeldbank.rws.nl/photos/3386/508040.jpg ) * i do n't know what the right english word is . 
  * when i moved to the east of the country i noticed the lack of them , there are rivers and streams , ponds and small lakes , but hardly any ditches i grew up against one and even though there is more nature here east i miss them . 
   it 's also possible that some eu politicians are n't too happy with the existing equivalency agreements even without brexit . 
  not so sure about that . 
  were n't they trying to expand them with the trans atlantic treaty just last year ? 
   there are articles talking about how some eu leaders want to reduce the dominance of us financial markets . 
  so maybe this is viewed as a win-win . 
  make it more expensive for eu countries and companies to get their financing off-shore and goose the local capital markets . 
  do n't know much about these things but timing seems bad ; with the brexit stability would seem important . 
   according to these articles , eu officials are concerned that these existing `` equivalency '' agreements provide a bad precedent this is politics , not law what does precedent have to do with anything ? 
   are eu officials only bluffing how can this be bluff ( if it is true ) ? 
  if the eu says that it would n't have effect on the uk until they actually do it ( and even then i do n't see how it has effect even if they did do it ) as to the question ; is the eu willing to shoot themselves in the foot . 
  yes i think they are willing . 
  more is at stake here then economics , politics plays as well . 
  since the eu might be at stake . 
  how much they are willing to sacrifice for what effect i do n't know . 
  i do n't think these guns make you that less free and this law is n't introduced because personal responsibility is doubted . 
  these guns are not more deadly than any other if handled irresponsibly, 
   for me , our liberal gun laws are a good idea . 
  why ? 
  19-21 winter , summer depends on the house ; my room can reach 30 in the heat of summer ( sun on it from 3 sides ) , but downstairs living room is quite a bit lower, 
  the warmer you make it inside the greater the difference when you go outside, 
  depends on your definition ; i think actual nationalism is necessary and a good thing . 
  but if you use the definition people think it has ( which is basically being so nationalistic that you think you are superiour ) then no , i think it is a bad thing . 
  polyester cotton mix pants , t-shirt used to be bread , now muesli lag with mass effect andromeda multiplayer contend retarded , though i often mean it as well procrastinate or being to abrupt with the clutch, 
  peace and prosperity, 
  utility room , it is an old toilet with the toilet removed that now houses the heating, 
   t. even if it is 3am and we are drunk as fuck in some town in the province where there are no cars , we would still stop and wait for the green man to appear . 
  i would do it especially if i were drunk and it is 3am, 
  a bomb has been dropped the size seems irrelevant , i 'll judge it as i would judge any other bomb, 
  i would n't look to much into that , look at what comes in the agreement , they have 2 years, 
  i very much doubt the eu will allow a country not to withdraw after article 50 has been inacted . 
  that would put the eu in a very bad spot as the country leaving could just cancel if it did n't like the outcome agreement, 
  [ this one ] ( http://mrbean-website-cache.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/smiling-mr-bean-grey.jpg ) or [ this one ] ( http://blog.une.edu/badasshumanist/files/2014/04/shutterstock-single-kidney-bean1.jpeg ) ? 
  why upset ? 
  seems pretty obvious ; you learn about your own countries history , those countries directly connected to your countries history , those connected to important development events , or those with important moral lessons . 
  there is just to many countries to teach about , even in the eu . 
  even our own history is very compacted, 
  means the system has few/no false negatives and currently is limited by the false positives, 
  well geography because it largely lies in the circle i consider central europe , and germany is n't im not sure about anymore about economic ; maybe it should n't, 
  in which one ? 
  http://imgur.com/a/fvpe7 i do n't have culture because i know to little about it , but i think it likely it will differ from both of these maybe ukraine should be orange ( doubt cases that migh also fit in other groups ) to , in geography, 
  depends if the subject is economics , geography or culture, 
  depends on if you take the term literally , then yes , and proud to be . 
  or you take the term like it is used commonplace , then no . 
  what is that going to do ? 
  brexit happened no amount of awareness is going to undo that, 
  to achieve what ? 
  do you mean comedy movie or comedy anything ? 
   that said , british intelligence has a strong reputation for a reason . 
  i would n't be surprised if they give more than they get . 
  would you ? 
  sure , but that still means they lose a lot if they go this road . 
  why would they be willing to risk that ? 
  especially when the whole security and migrants was such a big deal in the referendum . 
  i think it is bluffing .
