  are you suggesting an one state solution ? 
  it would have 50-50 population of jews and muslims ... . that will end well, 
   the french have a city with a german-sounding name ( strasbourg , ) yes , but the french use it like that , koln does n't come close to cologne . 
  seems a bit rude of the english to take the french name for an german town . 
  either use your own english version for the town or take the original , but why take the french version ? 
  i guess the english have problems with the '' \u00f6 '' sound and thus chose the french sound over the original ? 
  off topic ; why is the english name for a german city french ? 
   and if they 're not representing you ? 
  then you voted for the wrong person , obviously . 
   you could elect a guy who randomly decides to gas all the jews , are you supposed to say `` oh well , we voted for him '' , got ta let him do his thing . 
  you are the one with the joke comment . 
  comparing this with genocide ? 
  obviously when rights are violated more valuable than democracy you can go to extremes . 
  but otherwise ; get over it , vote better next time . 
   this is beyond democratic . 
  it is democratic , you voted for people to represent you . 
  if you voted for the wrong person , that is on you . 
   entrepreneurs and also want-to-be home builders were used to waiting years , some 10 , before being allowed to build anything , this however could be done in no time . 
  apples and oranges , this is an emergency and it is obvious that this has to be dealt with quickly . 
  if you think the bureaucracy is to fucked up for building houses , that is a completely separate issue . 
   and children ? 
  i f * ing hate it if people bring their children to protests . 
  first of , you do n't bring children to large crowds that have the possibility of disturbances ( or even riots ) secondly ( and most importantly ) ; they are just emotional blackmail ` look even my kids are against this ' , no they are n't ; you brought them , they have no clear view of what is at stake , they did n't independently come to some conclusion . 
  they are nothing more than an extension of your opinion . 
   they dumped 1500 asylum seekers in a small country town without giving the locals any say in it . 
  they did have a say in it ; this was a council meeting on whether to let them come . 
  there was in fact opportunity that afternoon for people to have their say democracy is fun until the moment you are not part of the majority, 
  saver then aimed shots . 
  and if they did n't they would have no way to convince people that they no longer have room to retreat and they have to resort to lethal force . 
   the bullets will fall down almost at the same speed or something , are n't they ? 
  angle is important , but no bullet falls with the same speed as it went up , that makes no sense physically . 
  not that it ca n't do damage but bullets come out of a gun faster than terminal velocity, 
  but if everyone that does n't like it goes away ; who solves the problem ? 
  both countries entered the eu at the same time . 
  so it is not strange the uk got in , i do agree it is surprising we let ireland in with that in their constitution, 
   i 'm not sure how as i read it the republic of ireland does n't claim northern ireland, 
  of course the most shitty people are more likely to get in this class but it is unfair to blame the class for it, 
   it sounds classist or it could just be because there are more people , not just poor people, 
  that is probably why it is a nice place, 
  they go to paris not because they solved it , but because the people in paris have experience, 
   why ? 
  because a minority can not rule , everything this minority government would try to do would be stopped by the majority . 
  im not sure how it works in portugal , but the majority could bring up votes themselves ; practically the majority would be ruling , just inefficiently because they do n't have the minister posts . 
   the right wing coalition won without majority and has been invited to form a government . 
  it will do so in the next few days . 
  but if all 3 of the parties on the left refuse to form a coalition with them , the right wing will have to allow the left to form a coalition if they want to , right ? 
  because they do n't know them all , they probably have seen it with one or few of the people they are following , that they approached these centers . 
  thus there are likely more that will do the same among the islamists that they do n't know off , therefor they warn these centers to be on alert . 
  why they have n't been arrested can be a range of things ; the evidence is not sufficient or they are waiting for them to contact others so they can roll up a network instead of a single person, 
   from his facebook account he has a cover picture of the `` rammstein '' sign . 
   he also links to this music video from 17 hours ago . 
   you can read more on his social media activity here . 
  can we not post this ; it is irrelevant and people are notorious for biases ; people are just going to conclude what they like to believe , and we 'll just get more things like ` videogames cause violence ' nonsense, 
  guys , guys , guys !!!, 
  do n't worry , fifa is investigating this, 
  yes ? 
  what is your point ? 
  all scores are hidden for a few hours on this sub, 
   in 2015 where technology is so advanced you do n't have to torture people to get an information please tell me the method of catching 2 brothers that got their materials in syria ? 
  they do n't use their cellphones more than 2 days and no internet , because that is all it takes  it is as simple as that , it is known that people are illegally tracked from their phone and computers . 
  and everybody knows that ; any smart terrorist wont use them , but even if they did ; it is still finding a needle in a haystack  if they can not secure their citizens ' safety even with the illegal tapping and tracking what are they good for they are used to make it more difficult and to catch more terrorists ; and that is what they do , but if you seriously though it would make it impossible your are a special kind of deluded  bringing down assad , going to syria and bombing ourselves ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not following you, 
   especially when it 's in the capital so close to them . 
  again distance is irrelevant , this makes no sense  turkish intelligence ca n't be so shitty that they can simply miss the deadliest attack in country 's history increased deadliness does n't mean they are any easier to catch ; so far as i have knowledge this attack seems super simple with 2 bombs , unless 100s of people knew about it ; you ca n't expect intelligence to catch all these terrorists . 
  ( unless there is a camera on every street corner and everyone is followed by police ), 
  you complained about them not finding in the `` capital '' `` 3km distance '' `` close to them '' distance is irrelevant so your comment that they are a part of this is unfounded . 
  two brothers with know how on how to make a bomb and where to steal the materials can bomb a place without anyone ever having the possibility of stopping it however good your intelligence is . 
  secret agencies do n't patrol the streets looking for terrorists ; that is what police and maybe military do . 
  they have methods that have nothing to do with range to their headquarters, 
  and what ? 
  send them back to syria ? 
  the opinion `` women that have sex before marriage should be illegal , and be punished by x '' is a political opinion, 
  yeah , how do you determine what is crazy and what is n't you want them filling in lists ? 
  do you hate gays ? 
  do you like fgm ? 
  i 'll tell you now , that is impossible . 
  and you ca n't just say if you think this you are crazy ; that is not how medical science works . 
  these people that believe gays are evil and want fgm are not crazy, 
  this is not a discussion about whether or not we should arrest those who break the law ... that is obvious tzfld said :  multiculturalist liberals want to adopt migrants unable to live in a multicultural society . 
  do you really think liberals want those criminals in their society ? 
  no of course not . 
  he somehow wants to filter out those who do n't mix well with our society , my point is you ca n't . 
  ( except of course criminals , but that is obvious , it 's not what we are talking about ), 
  yes , none of these exceptions are relevant when formulating a distinction between ` harmful ' and `` non-harmful '' religions for example having the opinion that x should be legal , while being illegal is not fall under `` for the prevention of disorder or crime '' in the same way wanting sharia law is protected as long as you do n't act outside of the law, 
  yes ? 
  how would you formulate that ? 
  that is pretty much impossible without crossing with freedom of opinion, 
  that is not what he intended , not all of those that he does n't want have committed felonies , yet . 
  i agree with what you put there , but it does n't solve what i requested . 
  yes that is exactly what liberal people want / s please formulate a law that makes it able to differentiate between these different groups without conflicting with the constitution , because i have a sneaking suspicion that every thing would conflict with freedom or religion, 
   i am sure the woman can go to court and argue for the fine to be reduced not so sure , the 4 month sentence was already converted into the fine, 
  30k or 4 months is way too much for such a simple crime, 
   our military is called finnish defence forces for a reason ; it 's there to defend our own borders and never to be the aggressor . 
  you would have more to gain than many other countries . 
  the netherlands could reduce it military ( even more than now ) and not fear anything : tucked away between france germany and england . 
  and even they are tucked away behind countries like finland , spain , italy , greece , poland , romania . 
  you might want to update your flair then, 
  i find demonstrating a court decision a bit silly ; i suggest you petition your government to change the laws, 
  no , absolutely not what if you have the stance `` leave , if i get x '' you do n't know if you 'll get x , what do you vote ?
