   there is too much already going to the courts . 
  this just creates another arm to the court system to help juggle the disputes . 
  i 'm not against settlements , but they must be part of our current justice system . 
  the people must oversee the government and the justice system , if you make it to complex we can not do that anymore . 
  democracy is not ideal , sacrifices must be made on many levels , including these kind of structural things . 
   what do you mean by ` the decision has to come from them ' ? 
  i 'm not sure who you are referring to when you say ` them . ', 
  the countries/companies lawyers ... they ca n't say , `` we do n't agree '' , lets escalate this to court . 
  at least that is how i understand it . 
   why ? 
  in a lot of countries the judiciary are drawn from the top lawyers or barristers . 
  they are not drawn , they are sellected . 
  sellected based on certain qualities , not necessarily the same qualities these lawyers would be sellected on . 
   ` backroom ' settlements may happen either way in accordance with the rights of the respective parties . 
  ofcourse , but as i understand it , the decision has to come from them , they ca n't escalate it to a court . 
   yes and no . 
  look at the eu for instance . 
  it 's founded on a range of treaties , yet many of the laws in member states still diverge , in either substance or effect . 
  a lot of the cases you get in the european courts are to do with how far these laws comply ( i.e. 
  differ ) from the intention of the treaties . 
  they may be validly passed and executed with the system at the national level , but still fall foul of the eu consensus . 
   so a treaty , while similar to a law is n't quite the same . 
  it 's a far more ` top-level ' instrument and accordingly a far more general instrument . 
  in some ways they are also much more ` political ' than they are ` legalistic . ', 
  but then just agree that members will make laws saying that breaking the treaty is illigal, 
   in any case , the ` large ' agreement will still effectively be the product of the sum of many smaller agreements on the various issues involved . 
  ofcourse , but seeing one for one the agreements made would mean the public can follow it . 
  if they see things changed they do n't like they can ring the bell , and prevent the other ones if first is not to their liking . 
  also countries can not vote on single issues ; if they do n't like one of the smaller agreements , they immidiately have to throw out the whole deal ... that is not something one single country would dare , if it is just one by one they can take out that one they do n't like . 
   courts at all levels are always swamped with work . 
  if we want them to be able to continue performing at a certain standard , other means of dispute settlement should be explored . 
  but then just send it to court , but before it starts then you can settle ... why force it through these special ` courts ' , why not leave the possibility to let it go to court ? 
  that would say something about the current deputy prime minister . 
  there would still be nothing special about the meeting, 
   you kept saying that media is n't informing about nazi meetings outside of russia . 
  you have zero proof of that , which is why i called it a conspiracy theory . 
  ofcourse i can not prove that ... it is a negative ; just like i can not prove there are no unicorns ... i ca n't prove there are no hotly debated articles edit ; let me rephrase it then ; even if it was reported ; nobody should care , because it is their basic democratic rights, 
   conspiracy that the media is intentionally not reporting on nazi meetups in europe i do n't think that at all i literally said : `` i would n't say deliberately hiding ; just not reporting because these things are normal for every group . '', 
  how is that a conspiracy ? 
  why is not reporting on something that is a basic right of everyone that strange ? 
  even if they reported it , i would n't be interested , because just like this here in russia , it is their right . 
   you 're starting to sound like a conspiracy theorist . 
  conspiracy of what ? 
  i do n't believe in any secret meetings or cover ups . 
  i just think this is not something special there in russia , we all have these groups . 
  what i do n't believe is that there are no neo nazies in my country or that they do n't meet up . 
  nobody can prove a negative ; but you can prove me wrong if can show some hotly discussed fascist meetings, 
  i would n't say deliberately hiding ; just not reporting because these things are normal for every group . 
  now there is one in russia and it seems to be news . 
   links ? 
  by whole point is there are no links, 
  i do n't how your comment relates to mine , because the comment you replied to did n't make any claims about russia . 
  i addressed the article and western media ... but no russia, 
   while at the same time giving financial and material support to literal neo-nazis all over europe . 
  i 'm not reading anything about that here  had this stupid nazi meeting happened in kyiv or brussels , the russian media would go fucking crazy about it . 
  but since it 's happening in glorious russia , there will be little if no reports about the incredible hypocrisy in progress . 
  apperently the same is true now for the opposite ; we make a big deal about it happening in russia and i never hear about them happening in the west ... though likely they meet more often , no doubt in our countries aswell, 
  i 'm no fan of russia but why is this such a big deal ? 
  all countries have these kind of people , just because they meet in russia does n't mean much ... they have to meet somewhere . 
  if they chose to , they could do it in the netherlands, 
  is n't ratifying a treaty similar to a law ? 
  and if not , would n't it just be simpeler to put in the treaty that the countries that do sign it will make laws that to make sure breaking the treaty is illigal  furthermore , there 's the implicit understanding that a country 's courts might be implicitly biased to that country , rather than the law . 
  can you see a judge in hungary giving an impartial verdict on such a case ? 
  or some yahoo american judge ? 
  i trust trained judges more than some lawyers in some backroom without oversight . 
  why would these lawyers be more so ? 
  and ofcourse if one of the signing countries think that their companies are discriminated against they can pull out of the treaty, 
   i wrote a post about isds here , but it 's important to note that they 're not ` courts ' , they 're arbitration proceedings . 
  i read your post ( quickly , because it is late and it 's a lot of text ) . 
  i only saw you talking about specific cases . 
  i did n't see a reason why courts would not be able to do the same job . 
  why create give these lawyers power when we do n't need to ? 
  and just because they have n't abused their power in the past is not an argument to impliment them and neither is it an counter argument to concerns about abuse . 
  finally there seems no overseeing structure to them . 
  i understand the closed doors . 
  but it there is no transprancy . 
  democracy and public scrutiny should trump the economic reasons to make these things secret . 
   it 's not by a single signature . 
  for it to go into force , it has to be ratified and not just signed , which means a vote in the european parliament , as well as in each of the 28 national parliaments of the eu and whatever methods the us requires as well ( as i recall , congress and the president 's signature ) . 
  i understand that ; that is what i intended with a single signature ; they have to pass this one thing to undo all those regulation . 
  while they could just do this one by one . 
  like the `` ukraine succes due to eu '' story would ever make russian news . 
  and if it does it will be about neo-nazi stuff and russian oppression . 
   maybe in a decade or so . 
  decade ? 
  they lost a huge part of their industry ( i do n't see how ukraine will get anything back from what they lost , without nato interfering militarily ) , they likely need to reinvent themselves economically . 
  what i do n't understand is why they have to combine everything in one agreement , why ca n't there be a lot of smaller agreements , looking at each agreement one at a time ? 
  these regulations have been created over many governments , i do n't like the idea that they can just be overruled by a single signature . 
  why do there have to be special courts that decide damages ? 
  we got perfectly fine court systems in my country . 
   designed to ridicule a whole race that were ( at the time ) considered lesser humans . 
  at the time yes , but not anymore . 
  people that find it offencive now , are just looking for reasons to be offended , they did n't live back then , they were n't exposed to the racism of centuries ago . 
  they have to dig far into history to connect it to racism  honestly ? 
  how can you argue that his facial features are anything but an 1800s racial caricature ? 
  they might have been , but nobody has that in mind , and nobody lived through the 1800s to be confronted by it now . 
  it is similar to [ this ] ( http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6644757/f41658ca/duitser_in_tank_valt_nl_binnen.html ) . 
  i can agree that everybody that lived through the war might think this is offencive , but everybody else that is just a funny or not funny joke, 
   zwarte piet is an obvious caricature of a black person . 
  no it is a caricature that is black .
