  so that might be a second reason why the army would commit a coup where i 'm getting at is ; 1 . army had sufficient motive ( to a degree i agree with a coup ) 2 . it makes sense they had to do it then , even if the outcome was unclear as their position was weakening consistently of course motive and opportunity are not enough to definitive say it happened . 
  it is legal but it is also addictive and bad for your health , so i would n't recommend it to anyone, 
  in what way would it not qualify ? 
  and those temperatures are in mid winter !, 
  coffee ? 
   once you 've tried it many people do n't even try . 
  would you encourage people to try regular smoking ? 
  was i the only one that though john cleese was on the uk brexit negotiation team ? 
  it ca n't be the uk , it is n't wet enough, 
  probably , i have no idea what i 'm talking about . 
  all i know is that i calculated the relative energies, 
  maybe you change it gradually ; start fusing districts two districts with 1 seat each would become 1 district with 2 seats a decade later you do it again two districts with 2 seats each would become 1 district with 4 seats after that maybe they will be warmed to the idea and you can switch to a full proportional vote, 
  maybe he is taking about a he fusion bomb , such a bomb would only be 1.5 x weaker than an atomic bomb for the same weight, 
  i do n't like greenpeace but this is funny, 
  because imports do not matter ? 
  if your resources you import become more expensive so to do your export products, 
  if you know such crimes are going to happen you are better of preventing it than sending someone undercover to witness it, 
  so slightly different ; not that they tried to bribe to cover up the data , they tried to cover up them lying about the existence of data . 
  in a community that thinks alike it is hard to find someone who will confirm accusations . 
  no one will stand witness for someone they think should die, 
   just recently dutch police have tried to bribe newspaper to bury data . 
  where is the bribe part ? 
  where do i say it is okay thing to destroy monuments ? 
  i said it is unreasonable to expect the government to replace them . 
  so yes if someone were to destroy them , that would be vandalism , and they would need to be prosecuted ( same as if i illegally park my car you still ca n't vandalize it , you tow it , move it ) , but i would n't expect ukraine to pay for replacement once vandalized, 
  no it is n't . 
  if i build a monument somewhere without permission i ca n't expect the government to replace it if it is damaged . 
  it is not their concern in fact i think it is more likely ( and completely in their rights ) to remove it if i build it on public land you 'll have monuments everywhere if everyone is allowed to build monuments on public ground, 
   illegally erected well that answers that . 
  our government also does n't replace those crosses along the road for car crash victims families put up . 
  i assumed op meant previous governments legally put them there . 
   why polish police ignores everything ? 
  how do we know the police do nothing ? 
  this kind of crime is very difficult to prosecute . 
  how would you spot the difference between police not doing anything and not having any leads ? 
  how many monuments were destroyed between 2000 and 2010 ? 
  how often are polish ones destroyed in ukraine  why then poles do n't restore destroyed ukrainian monuments , just like ukrainians restored polish ? 
  sounds rather expensive if you are unable to catch the shits doing it, 
  should n't we be thanking your country ? 
  so obviously this is bad from le pen side but is n't also a bit bad that someone from a different party can just copy your speech ? 
  how generic is that what you are saying ? 
  can someone give a tldr in english ? 
  if one follows the other , there is a difference , the latter one overrules the former, 
   but what if they promised grohmann something is grohmann a company full of retards ? 
   i know what is not written in the contract does not exist . . but still . 
  exactly , contract decides . 
  if they expected something that was n't in the contract they are idiots, 
   i always wondered why reddit and much of the tech media is so in love with this guy . 
  must we hate this guy for his labor policies ? 
  or can we love him for his innovation and hate him for his labor policies ? 
  why should we only place one label if two are appropriate ? 
  as to why the love wins it ; his innovation is different from everyone else , his labor policies are just more of the same compared to the rest, 
   is could have stolen stocks , no ? 
  not likely , shelf life of these weapons is weeks to a few months , with the current stable front lines ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i have n't heard much about syria in a while ) i doubt they could get such weapons that are not stored on the front line . 
  is would need to have made it themselves and stored it seperately, 
   but ultimately the blame lies with dutchbat , despite how uncomfortable that might make people feel . 
  ... are we not forgetting something ? 
  it is absolutely ridiculous that the dutch get more shit about this than the serbs that actually did it . 
  thanks , sounds the guy did n't do so well at school, 
   according to this article his maximum profit would have been 276.000 euro . 
  not good enough to leave germany and live a `` happy life '' overseas ... my german is n't what it should be but i assume this article looked at the actual price drop of the stock not the possible price drop . 
  if he succeeded and killed 10 of the players the stock would have dropped way more and he would have made more money, 
  yeah that makes sense to me that there would be controls , i 'm surprised that this guy , that apparently knew something about trading did n't account for it . 
  maybe he thought he could leave the country with the money before police would stop him ? 
  ah , makes sense . 
  a bit strange you can promise to sell shares you do n't own is that kind of option trading automated these days ? 
  because this scheme would make , anyone paying attention to the news , pull alarm bells, 
   a plane license is 20 hours in the uk . 
  far far less than a helicopter . 
  i do n't think if these were to be used more commonly that you would be allowed to fly this with that same plane license . 
   electricity is a few $ s per journey vs. pilot hire + helicopter hire + very high fuel bill i think the lift is low compared to the helicopter , so i think for non-light transport it will not out compete helicopters, 
  eli5 how would this guy have made money out of this ? 
  it makes sense to me if the price of the share would go up , but i do n't understand how a dropping share price makes you money ( unless somewhere in the future it goes back up gain ), 
  `` but surely it ca n't get worse '' is the thought, 
   take a long time to learn how to pilot i think autopilot will rise together with such vehicles  i would take self driving 200 kph cars any day over that . 
  if affordable ( comepared to helicopters ) it might be useful in more difficult to reach area 's , they might compete with helicopters in some niches, 
  would n't this be in favour of labour/lib dems ? 
  brexit was pretty much 50-50 , the remain team might favour labour/lib and not everyone for brexit wants a hard brexit, 
  what stances are them main parties going to hold in respect to brexit talks ? 
  no it is a mutual defense pact , do you mind sacrificing your countries soldiers in defense of turkey ? 
  i rather not, 
  seems like we lost the battle against our eternal enemy, 
  i asked for recidivist statistics the sentence itself is less relevant than the recidivists, 
  do you have a source ? 
  have any recidivist statistics ? 
  1 . is for you to judge 2 . the amount of outcast depends on who you are . 
  there will always be people that discriminate , but if you present yourself ` right ' ( dress local clothing , speak the language , have a easy going facial expression , etc ) that could be reduced to a minimum . 
  3 . your problem is that you do n't really have a good reason . 
  ' i feel like it ' or ' i like your countries laws ' usually is n't sufficient . 
  seeing you mention ` secular countries ' if you are atheist you could request asylum based on that ( depending on how atheists are treated in the country of your nationality ) 4 . depends on what kind of migrant you are, 
  if you want to be social ; you need to learn dutch, 
  no it is in the middle of the waddenzee , the afsluitdijk is more south it is pretty empty , it is in the netherlands , it is surrounded by just nature , and the closest settlement is 15-20km away ca n't say it is quiet , probably seagulls there , but that was n't a requirement, 
  i think it was more common in the past , but it is being fazed out more and more, 
  cows wasps and hornets ticks not an animal : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heracleum_mantegazzianum, 
  we do n't understand the fish , nor do we really try to , so we generally pump out the water without asking, 
  depends on the alternative, 
  ironically they show society why we need organized government and police, 
  depends on what you call ` lesser ' d66 are often chosen due to their central and liberal position in the spectrum, 
  i agree with / u/greyzer this is beyond ` ask strangers on the internet ' . 
  you/your father needs specialized help from an expert you could try to ask on / r/thenetherlands / but you really should look for an expert,
