   economics is trickier to judge . 
  i 'll let others do that . 
  it is not a separate issue , it is all connected , the eu could chose to sacrifice economics to come out stronger politically . 
   uk contributions to security might be an item : does n't that knife cut both ways ? 
  and i think this is true for most knifes . 
  i think any deal will depend on how political the eu wants to play it , do they prefer economics or politics , to which degree ? 
  approach for what ? 
  just a talk ? 
  ca n't speak for everyone ( i not the type to go on holiday to discover new people , i 'm more a nature guy ) , but i probably have things already planned out so i 'll always feel you 'll try to sell me stuff ( or worse ) if you approach me . 
  i just want to do my thing, 
  unfortunately many dutch of turkish decent identify themselves that way, 
  language is a tool , i treat it as such , what is the problem of not attributing sentimental value to it ? 
  none of them probably , there is n't much revolutionary happening right now , as far as i can see, 
   if an existing eu member were to adopt ... you mean england ? 
   it was just a prove more that td admins do n't want their base to be educated . 
  deleted = deleted , not ` removed ', 
  formation seems pretty difficult needing 4 parties  follow up question : can you briefly explain the political ground , and why certain parties did well and others did n't ? 
  results are pretty similar except for ; groen links , a green party , not sure why they are that popular , probably has something to do with the loss of the pvda pvv ; the anti foreigner , anti eu party , their gain probably has to do with those 2 points pvda ; huge loss from 38 seats to 9 . why ? 
  i 'm not sure , i 'm sure pvda would love to know . 
  maybe the political climate is hardening , so people tend more to the extremes . 
  my problem with the pvda is that they do n't have a clear recognizable identity . 
  maybe because they achieved many goals in the past , they now feel courseless ( even if they are not ), 
  snert is more like an alternative name of it erwtensoep ( peasoup ) is the name i learned , and seems more used ( at least in the west of the country ), 
  nepotism is frowned upon in all of them, 
  the problem is that the superpowers would ignore the un if it did n't represent the interests of the superpowers , making the un useless, 
   now , what is the best way to travel between countries ? 
  train probably , there are tickets that allows you to travel most of europe unlimited for x time ( probably not that cheap though , though cheaper than other options ) but i do not know the details of these tickets like limitations  and within your country , what is the best way to travel around ? 
  is renting a car easy or recommended ? 
  it is do able but if you already have a europe roaming ticket it is smart to use it as much as possible  what are some must-see sites ? 
  i 'm not a city loving kind of guy , but cities to consider are amsterdam , rotterdam , den haag , leiden  what are some must-see sites ? 
  what kind of person are you ? 
   what are some cultural do 's and dont 's ? 
  do n't smoke weed close to the general public , the stuff smells , i do n't use it myself , so i do n't know the best places , maybe ask the coffee shops where is best  where should i avoid ? 
  do n't know specific places  are hostels generally safe ? 
  i would assume so , but have no experience  how do you say `` cheers '' or make a toast in your native language ? 
  click the arrows/triangles , the 3rd one is not that accurate https://nl.forvo.com/word/proost/  and do you have any wilderness hikes or camping that you recommend in your country ? 
  where can i find more information on regulations for camping/hiking ? 
  we hardly have wilderness , only maintained nature ( not that it is ugly ) , we have the waddenzee , a sea with low water allows you to walk to islands through mud ( wadlopen ) . 
  never done it , heard it is challenging , beautiful in its own special way and very very muddy generally you are not allowed to spend the night outside in a tent , you must find a specific campsite  any extreme sports in your area , like climbing/kayaking/surfing / skiing , etc ? 
  i 'm looking for outdoor adventures , mountains in lots of places wadlopen like i said before , we have mud runs , i do n't know if those exist in other countries ( unrelated to the wadlopen ) , you can skydive at some smaller airports and dive , though water is not that warm i believe and though the sea is rich it does n't have that great visibility compared to elsewhere  favorite native dish ? 
  not sure , i imagine trumps ` muslim ban ' will be pretty popular among wilders supporters, 
  the coalition decides who gets what minister posts , prime minister is just another minister post , just with some more power and prestige nothing dictates who that position should hold , theoretically the biggest party can not make the coalition , and the smallest party of the coalition could fill the position if the coalition would agree on it . 
  though practically it is generally the largest party of the coalition that fill it and generally the largest party is the first party that tries to form a coalition, 
  probably one i have never heard of yet, 
  i do n't think things will be that simple at times of actual war , it is chaotic , units will get mixed , things will be improvised . 
  and it with an actual war things count the most , where you need the cohesion the most, 
  you are confusing national reserves with professional soldiers if you want to defend your country because of love , you join the national reserve , if you want to be an actual soldier that can be deployed outside of the borders , as a profession , you want to get paid . 
  there is a reason the dutch army has problems getting enough recruits . 
  and it is the reason they do n't get paid minimum wage . 
  secondly it is natural to be offended by people earning more than you for the same work , you want soldiers to feel like brothers , get cohesion , you do n't get that if you go paying similar soldiers widely different pay . 
  that would be horrible for morale , the guy next to you in the trench gets 3x the money you get for the same work and danger . 
  you could keep people from different countries separate , but then what is the point of an eu army ? 
  the difference is that those all live in the same place , so their standard of living is the same , it is pretty much required . 
  and it is only 30.000 people . 
  just france alone has an army of far over 100.000 men . 
  the eu if they would maintain a similar strength would employ over 1.5 million men . 
  the eu can not pay that to dutch standards . 
  currently very complicated do we pay the dutch to eastern europe standards or the eastern europeans to dutch standards ? 
  we ca n't afford the second and the first would mean there would be no dutch representation as no soldier could afford a home in the netherlands . 
  that is not yet acceptable as there is n't enough political integration in the eu and european identity we ca n't pay soldiers of different countries different amounts , that would be horrible for morale . 
   if you dared to voice those things in europe a few generations ago , you 'd probably be executed by a firing squad for treason . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  executed for what , wanting democracy ? 
  we had democracy back then . 
  equality ? 
  people would have looked at you funny but i doubt you would be executed . 
  they can commit suicide with bed sheets if they want to , if it really think is more humane to be dead than to be alive, 
  yes , only in times of war and with active constriction and only applicable to military forces . 
  in all other cases society has ability use alternatives, 
  never heard of it , though i went natural science direction, 
  mods are secretly greek :p, 
  macedonian genius general that conquered a lot of stuff east , * seems a bit useless because * it all fell apart real quick ** cursive not taught *, 
  so you answered your own question : * when did / r/europe become so right-wing ? 
  * it did n't ; sometimes it gets brigaded what is the purpose of this post ? 
  why does it need to be a single person ? 
  and in the example of the usa they do have quite some legislative power . 
  and why would they need to be separated ? 
  you ask the wrong question ; what exactly is the advantage of a president ? 
   the same reason why israel does n't want their government being overrun by arabs . 
  sure , but the eu does n't claim turkish land without the turks , same is for israel , if they want the land , they have to take the people , if you do n't want the people do n't take the land . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it to  palestine is only a rouge state because it 's so violent and anti-israel . 
  they can develop trade with their arab buddies if they wanted to . 
  there 's nothing stopping them . 
  except the blockades  palestinians are part of a bigger ethnic group called `` arabs '' . 
  i think you 'll find that muslims outnumber israelis in terms of population , economics , and military power . 
  the palestinians can find support from the arab world . 
  are you american ? 
  would you accept it if all non-native americans and canadians would be forced into texas and the rest would be given back to native americans ? 
  just work together with mexico and britain , you still have some land left in texas , what are you complaining about ? 
  oh no , thousands of amercans pulled their guns because of the forceful removal of their homes , in retaliation , because you are rogue state , we take houston to , and in 2 year we 'll take dallas . 
  we 'll block the golf of mexico , because we do n't want any weapons reaching you . 
  what you can not trade anymore ? 
  well that sucks for you , should n't be a rogue state . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  just go live in mexico  yes . 
  so do you not want peace in israel ? 
  yes i want peace but not at the cost of allowing israel to ethnically cleanse the area  israel was there first . 
  it 's their homeland . 
  it 's the arabs who should move out . 
  that 's like saying the native americans should move out of the us .
