  that would look something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmq0m7xe_ls ) , which is loads of trouble but unlikely to kill anyone, 
  because it obviously false . 
  it would have been political suicide, 
   philosophically i would only consider access to clean water a human right , as everything else has to be produced by someone else and i do n't consider anything which has to be taken from someone else and given to you a human right . 
  clean water does n't have to be produced ? 
  it does n't start clean , it has to be transported etc you seemed to have a warped view of what a ( human ) right is . 
  a right is something given by those in power . 
  human rights are not like ` god given ' rights or ` natural ' rights . 
  they are rights given by the dominant powers of this time ( mainly north america and europe ) , they have their own internal rights within their own borders that they enforce , but these rights are what they ( try to ) enforce outside their border upon the world  i mean legally most countries have extradition agreements in place anyways , this is n't anything new what are you talking about ? 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  this is n't about extradition  and you keep dodging the question , what happens after they have been punished ? 
  you assume guild , like i said , and you assume assad will not strike a deal that prevents it from judging them . 
  what will happen in those cases ? 
   what i 'm saying is that from a philosophical sense , i still do not believe that a right to a nationality is what you would call a `` human right '' from a philosophical sense i can argue that the ` right to life ' is n't a human right , and many countries agree as they still have the death penalty . 
  and since the most fundamental right does n't seem like a human right why do we still consider the rest ? 
  if humans do n't even have human right to life , why even consider rights like housing , medical care , food and water as human rights ? 
   nor do i see why it is a necessary protection for people who have fought for foreign militaries without their government 's permission you assume guild and if they are to tried elsewhere , why not try them yourself ? 
  why burden other countries with your responsibility ? 
  and you keep dodging the question , what happens after they have been punished ? 
  you are not understanding what i 'm saying . 
  ok , lets say that happens , all those fighters are tried by the syrian government ; but as the peace accord , they can only be sentenced to 5 years . 
  5 years pass ; what now ? 
  b wants them gone , as they are not their nationals , so b has no obligation to allow them to reign free in their country . 
  where do the zs go ? 
  the ca n't go home a , as they do n't have a nationality . 
  no other country wants alleged criminals . 
  in b they are locked up as they do n't have visa 's . 
  thus a by stripping away their nationality have now locked up the zs for life without a trail ( on the cost of b ) . 
  this second jail time is n't legitimate one , it is only based being a foreigner for b. normal asylem seekers do n't have this problem ; they can chose to go home , but zs ca n't as you have taken away their nationality . 
  you damn them to life in prisonment without a trail . 
   they should be tried in that country 's court system though . 
  of course , just because your nationality is a , does n't mean you ca n't be judged in b for actions you preform there . 
  nowhere do i suggest the opposite  both of your points assume they ca n't be shipped back to the place where they committed said crime to be tried , which they can . 
  no what i 'm saying is that if b does n't want the ` fighter ' ( z ) anymore ( lets say the evidence was n't sufficient ) a can not say ` too bad , we revoked his a nationality , he is your problem now we wo n't take him ' . 
  or what if b does n't see it as a crime ? 
  b wants to deport him as z is n't theirs , but a wo n't take him ; so he sits in asylum . 
  you 've imprisoned him without a trail . 
  he did n't have a trail in a , and he wo n't get one in b as for b it is n't about the crimes , they just do n't want to deal with a person that is n't theirs . 
  there are 2 problems here ; a saddles b with costs that are the responsibility of a , and z never had a trail . 
  and my second argument has nothing to do with b , only a. if a does n't like ` someone ' ( z , not a fighter in this case ) they are n't allowed to just let him go on holiday in b and revoke his a nationality . 
  z now no longer can go home ( a ) , as he 'll end up in asylum , but neither can he stay in b , as he only has a tourist visa , he 'll end up in asylum in b to . 
  b ca n't ship him back to a as a denies he is theirs ( that is what it means to revoke nationality ) . 
  z has nowhere to go and has no rights anywhere , everywhere he goes he 'll end up in asylum/prison . 
  it would allow a to get rid of people without a trail it would allow a to dump any criminal in other countries , no more pesky imprisonment costs it would allow a to ignore its own laws in regard to z as z no longer in their country and without nationality a it does n't have the rights with come with nationality a, 
  i disagree , if you as a county fail to control an individual , you as a country have the responcibilty to take care of that ; you ca n't just dump them in an other country and say ; `` they your problem now '' secondly , by taking away nationality you have removed their right to a fair trial . 
  if someone is n't a national of your country you can hold them in asylum centers , and take away the rights of the nationals . 
  so if they do n't have a nationality you can , without a trial , remove them from society , into imprisonment . 
  right to a nationality it is illegal for states to make people stateless . 
  a state can not ship their problems to other countries . 
  otherwise states could revoke passports from people that they do n't like that are on holiday . 
   the m80 's warhead has the potential to penetrate 300 mm of solid steel at a 90-degree angle . 
  this must have been like butter for that warhead in this case it probably over penetrated and only exploded when it was well past the target, 
  not just the dutch constitution ; his proposals ignore human rights 3 times 1 . the preventive locking up of extremists 2 . preventing the return of syria fighters 3 . banning a religion, 
  i wonder who has less respect for women , people that force their women to wear something or you the ca n't call the police ? 
  they ca n't walk to a police station ? 
  they ca n't walk up to a police officer ? 
  they ca n't beg a stranger for help ? 
  ah , women are just like children , got it, 
   there is a law that makes it illegal to cover your face during a public demonstration ( \u00a7 17a ) which country ? 
  disagree with atms , not sure about demonstrations , but exams of course , every business should be able to do that , they can ban people with balaclavas to, 
   claiming that this is about dictating fashion then what is it about ? 
  helping women ? 
  how is this going to help them ? 
  if an islamist group forced your sister or mother to wear a burqa would you radicalize faster or slower ? 
  how do you think they will react if we force them ? 
  you might argue it is n't the same , but they 'll feel it is . 
  what you think is n't relevant , it is about what they think, 
  you seriously think this is going to help them ? 
  they 'll get banished into their homes . 
  they 'll lose contact with society , they 'll lose contact with people that can help them if they would need it . 
  no one can see abuse if it does happen and offer help, 
   bdsm gear might be an interesting comparison . 
  would you support people openly wearing bdsm gear in public ? 
  yes , same as nude . 
  it 'll take some decades , but i hope we 'll get there  would n't you understand why people would want to ban them from public ? 
  i can understand in the sense i know people like to mess with things that are none of their business , same as now, 
  you ca n't help those who are not willing to help themselves . 
  police , orders of protection , divorce courts , they all exist , all they have to do is visit , call , talk to a police officer on the street or even beg a random stranger  so this whole movement where people try to be edgy and try to profile themselves by being pro burqa really is ridiculous . 
  fuck you , do n't strawman me , i 'm not pro burqa , i 'm against dictating fashion . 
  it is none of our business . 
  we offer protection to those who want it , if you do n't want it or not need it you are free to dress how you like expand education , ways to teach these people the rights they have , if you think it is not enough . 
  you think forcing people to undress is going to teach these women that they can go to police for help ? 
  they 'll just see them as another group forcing their ideas on them, 
  i do n't give a shit on what its orgin was if people want to wear it , wear it . 
  i care as much as people wearing bdsm gear the only thing i require is that they reveal their face to police upon request, 
  i have n't seen a single serious reply, 
  but saying the quran supports it is n't he does n't encourage them to ignore uk law , he just ` explains ' muslim law . 
  if i told you dutch law allows you to smoke weed , does n't mean i encourage you to smoke it in bulgaria, 
  i kinda think it is a bad thing ; this only puts emphasis on the different ethnic minorities . 
  if you just have a big enough parliament , any minority can vote for representation if they feel it necessary . 
  ideally in the future people wo n't identify so strongly among ethnic lines , but more just along policies special seats might become sources of conflict in the future ; about groups wanting more or other groups wanting one to, 
  because there have been only 25 posts last 7 hours, 
   `` people like you '' what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  people that want to close all borders for muslims  i did n't say that we should abolish religious freedom fucktard . 
  then you are more retarded then i already thought `` keep importing muslims '' saying this sarcastically is you saying we should prevent muslims in special from coming into the country ; to achieve that you need to discriminate , thus abolish religious freedom, 
  why avoid saying what you actually need to do ? 
  why do people like you always avoid this ? 
  `` lets abolish religious freedom '' what do you suggest we replace this law with ? 
  why ? 
  just because nato does n't exist does n't mean european countries wo n't aid any country attacked by russia,
