  i 'm for it . 
  i do n't like the eu that much , but i think we need a unifying force to come to some global government , the un is n't cutting it , countries have no insentive to allign . 
  an ever increasing eu does give that insentive ; economic help and trade opportunities . 
  one by one the eu could countries up , help fight corruption give economic boost . 
  though i agree better stabalizing systems need to come in place to make sure countries actually fulfill their obligations at least that is what i hope , no idea if it is anywhere near realistic, 
  bad title ; `` russians come to poland for cheaper groceries '' would have been a better title, 
  no ` crime ' should ever be taken seriously if the person refuses to file a report ( in north-west europe at least ) , and certainly should n't be in the news . 
   like i said , nothing exactly wrong with people reclaiming what was stolen from them . 
  no , i 'm not saying it is wrong , it just will become a huge clusterfuck  it 's just a bit overdue by now they should have made a law about that , something like ` you got 5 years to claim , after that we start with a clean sheeth . ', 
  same i believe in the netherlands ( we have an even larger proportion ) . 
  i 'm not sure , so do n't quote me on this , but i believe that form of mortgage is now illigal in the netherlands , so numbers of people owning a house should rise . 
  strange the government after the fall of communism did n't make a law ; `` anything taken by the communist regime legally ( legal under communist regime ) can not be reclaimed , unless there is no current ( legal ) claim '', 
  to me it is to much like wanting stars and stripes like america, 
  it is n't 2 , why whould they lie about 2 ? 
  ukraine would be happy ; take them , the fewer russians live there , the lower the chance russia invades or a second civil war will erupt in the future . 
  we dutch compensate by growing taller , i 'm pretty sure we breathe air as thin as everybody else, 
  i would agree in countries like the netherlands that are tollerant . 
  but in intollerant countries , gays need extra protection . 
  if a special group is more likely to be attacked it needs more defence . 
  is there difference between generations ? 
  not sure if it is directly related ; http://www.reddit.com/r/combatfootage/comments/2bl4mk/ukrainian_troops_shelled_by_russian_artillery/, 
  one army with small arms and heavy weaponry is shooting and taking fire from another army with small arms and heavy weaponry . 
  several planes and helicopters have already been shot down ... . cleary it is war , and that makes that area an warzone . 
  the airlines should have know modern russian weapons are in untrained soldiers hands . 
  probably those seperatists thought it was military , hence their early claims, 
  154 dutch . 
  i wonder why they still fly over a warzone , the area does n't seem that huge that you ca n't fly around it, 
  yeah ofcourse , i know that ; but if you are illigal , do n't speak the language , are under age and have little means of hygine or roof over your head ; you wo n't get the `` wages are 10 times higher '' part, 
  was i this stupid when i was 14-16 ? 
  i can only guess they want to stay here for economic reasons ... but do they really think they can earn enough money when not speaking any local language ; i get that it sounds like a whole lot of money you can earn here , but everything also costs a lot . 
   i hate the idea of war but the ukrainian government is using its military against its ** own ** people and that is unforgivebale ooh , now it 's their own people , yesterday everybody was saying they were n't part of ukraine anymore ... what is it ? 
   russians russians or self proclaimed russians who are living in the disputed areas ? 
  could be interesting , but could also be that the russians massively changed their country status to russia ? 
  though im not sure how vk works, 
  any attack , especially now , would mean they would be surrounded . 
  you think ukraine is going to let that happen ? 
  europe would be forced to aid ukraine if ukraine defended moldova we are a bunch of pacifists here in west-europe , but do n't think we would be that pacifist, 
  how can russia even invade moldova ? 
  is n't it landlocked ? 
  ukraine would first need to fall in total before that is even possible, 
  i like the economic unified europe but i do n't see what the advantages would be from a socially/politically unified europe . 
  i like were we are at , though we need some better system to make sure the promises are kept . 
   romania 's constitutional court has struck down a draft proposal for adopting a new constitution , saying it 's got a lot of unconstitutional articles . 
  ofcourse they were unconstitutional ... if they were constitutional you get the same constitution as before ... 
  this is bad in both meanings of the word, 
  yes ; lets wait 100m years !, 
  ask your politicians ... i do n't know maybe ` you ' want the alliance when the moment comes that your militairy finally does shrink a little . 
  it might be harder to revive then than staying with it , just in case, 
  like england never wanted or tried to get france ... u/twogunsalute never said how the union should be achieved ... all those french are now in mali , when you get out of afganistan , just make a small stop at paris, 
  like you do now ... do n't kid yourself ... in all of the wars you helped us the us looked after their own intrests ... if they did n't want stability etc in those countries they would just have ignored them , like the us does with many african wars, 
  it 's simple , us reduce your defence ( even if you only look at us inside politics it 's clear you should ) and force us that way to pick up the slack  we give you take . 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  waste our money ? 
  it 's like we being neighbors that work at the same point ; you build a road to get there . 
  should we build a road next to it that helps nobody just to make it fair ? 
  force us by being unable to fight wars overseas effectively by yourself . 
  though it will have some downsides ; wars we do n't agree on will be difficult for you to fight ; like israel maybe in a few years/decenia, 
  someone takes photos , let 's complain about it . 
   ugh ... you kinda started libya , mali , car and the ivory coast . 
  so ... you know ... there 's that . 
  yeah ... why do we need to fight that ? 
  to me , those are un things to do  afghanistan was authorized by a u.n. security council resolution buddy . 
  :d does n't mean it 's our war  but anyway , i could be a dick and tell you we should 've never supported europe in mali or libya or the balkans , but i wo n't , cause i 'm actually happy we supported ya 'll . 
  :d certainly , some of those wars were done right , and for the right reasons . 
  it does n't mean we should pump huge amounts of money in our forces . 
  especially since us already spends so much on war stuff , us spending trillions on it would be redundant . 
  there are better sources to spend our money on . 
   i did read the article . 
  the european countries that do help are underfunded and underequipped , unable to properly project power or maintain a proper logistical network . 
  outside europe yes ; but why do we need it ? 
  we do n't like starting wars  and none of that even takes into account the huge contrast in foreign policy between member states this is exactly why we do n't want a europe force , why do we need to fight the wars france germany and england want to join ? 
  it is bad enough we supported america in afganistan . 
   fear is a strong word . 
  preparedness is better . 
  exactly my point  you ever wonder why european countries prepare for a conflict with russia more than each other ( european union-wise ) ? 
  i wonder ... because no european country has the power to win a war against the rest  let me re-phrase : europe does n't fear russia , but they still see them as a threat . 
  yeah like a wolf in the woods , it could kill us if it wanted to , but it never comes out of the woods , because it likes it there  and economically personally not really ; yes , east europe joining us would be better economically then them joining russia , but i 'm not fearing it will get worse economically if they join russia , maybe our growth will be less . 
   it was the same then as it was now . 
  no it 's not , then it had things to gain , now it does n't  yeah dude , totes , totes , chechnya and georgia never , ever happened . 
  right ? 
  those wars were not economic but political, 
   but really man , it 's really great what you 're doing . 
  why would france possibly need the help of other european countries ? 
  it 's better to just leave them high & try 'till they have to come ask us for help . 
  i guess `` ever , closer union '' does n't include helping your other member states when they really need you . 
   have you read you own article ? 
  european countries do help . 
  do all you guys still live in the cold war ? 
   thank god europe is n't worried about the iskanders that russia just put in kalingrad which can only target european countries like poland , and thank god europe is so unmoved by russia that they 've totes decided not to host a anti-ballistic missile shield under u.s. direction . 
  if having defence equals fear then the us fears everybody apparently  and i 'm glad countries like norway totally do n't cooperate with the united states in spying on russia out of wariness . 
  everybody spies on everybody ... it 's like you have n't read the news last year ...  and you know , i 'm glad that europe and russia are best buds , and that russia never tries to bully europe with gazprom , or that both the european union and russia are in fierce competition over eastern europe 's fate and who 's influence will prove dominant in the future . 
  that we do n't agree politically does n't mean we fear them military  and let 's be real . 
  america totes was n't stationed along the fulda gap for half-a-century , poised to defend western europe against a soviet invasion . 
  and it 's totally not like nato was formed as a defensive community against the soviet union & it 's satellite states ( i.e. 
  the warsaw pact ) . 
  and good thing that russia did n't inherent most of the responsibilities and capabilities of the soviet union after it collapsed , and good thing that in certain circles during the cold war , russia itself was never synonymous with the soviet union . 
  you live in the past , there is no big ideology difference anymore , only political . 
  war is to expencive for russia . 
  look at iraq and afganistan ; let 's assume you would keep them as colonies ... how long would you think it would take to get a return on the investment of war ? 
  for non-3rd world countries war as a means of economical gain is no longer profitable  i 'm glad none of that has ever happened .
