  it must be quite a few if they go this far, 
  i do n't think it is planned from higher off ; why give him an axe ? 
  they would have given him a gun at least . 
  even a dagger would be better to kill in a train ; choosing an axe really suggest to me there is no one with experience behind this this is just an isis wannabe that is to lazy to travel to syria and die there, 
   that the nazis did n't run on a liberal-democracy , love of the parliament , equality etc. 
  platform . 
  how is this advertising the holocaust ? 
  that is a very general platform , indicative of nothing  mein kampf was already out and not disowned by hitler . 
  well he does n't have that , but that hardly seems required  they had already committed murders through their street force ( and they had a large , organized , uniform-wearing street force ) and so on . 
  does n't really need uniforms with the islamic look . 
  and it is clear he has to street force , though not yet as organized as hitler did ; i think this fits pretty well  clearly i was talking about germany in the nazi era i know ; you argued that germanies intentions were clear because they had concentration camps . 
  i responded with examples to show having concentration camps means nothing because the other countries using them did n't start a genocide . 
  so it is n't evidence for anything other than widespread discrimination  otoh , despite his lip service to high-sounding concepts , yes , erdogan is/was an authoritarian and increasing doses of that became evident as conditions allowed , but no such elimination was implied/promised in turkey . 
  it was n't an issue let alone a central one . 
  he is threatening to kill 1000s of people ; sure it is n't a religion or race , but is that necessary to compare it to hitler ? 
   the style of governance what do you mean ? 
   and indeed the first concentration camp opened in 1933 . the first concentration camp was opened in 1897 in cuba and and others have been used since by several countries . 
  that is n't clear cut evidence that genocide was on the german mind . 
   the majority of turkey want that twat there . 
  would that matter at this point ? 
   how do you dare to attempt a coup with only a minority of the army ? 
  maybe there was a larger support for the coup , but erdogan put his men in leading positions . 
  just like he is doing with the justice branch . 
  the remainder saw their power dwindle and thought ` now or never '  what kind of a man calls civilians to streets to fight against armed man ? 
  where is the rest of the army that does not support the coup ? 
  seems logical to me ; the alternative would be to let the enemy win . 
   either this was the worst coup in the world history or this was just a sham planned by erdogan . 
  could have been erdogan was putting his own guys among the army , just like he is doing with the justice branch . 
  the remaining guys might have felt it is now or never because if they had waited it would mean more of them would be replaced, 
  i 'm not really convinced , but it does seem strange they did n't shoot down his plane, 
  they are shooting , but suggesting a target seems pure speculation, 
  you do n't have to abolish it to make it more efficient ; ideally it would be abolished because 4 sources of power are just crazy and problematic for progression but you could reduce the number of districts without reducing the number of seats ; that way multiple people per district would be elected ; allowing 3rd parties a change of power . 
  opinions are always biased otherwise they would be called facts . 
  it is idiotic to say `` look he is biased '' the moment he says he will give an opinion . 
  i 'm not saying he is purely unbiased but if you are going to criticize him being biased , do it when he is trying to be unbiased what you are doing is like timing a 100m sprinter when he is out shopping and claiming he is fucking slow, 
   even worse , so far the eerste kamer is the only one actually checking laws against both the constitution as well as the international treaties . 
  that is the useful part of the eerste kamer , but i would prefer if they made a specialized official power for that . 
  it is a district system , but it is limited , our senate does n't wield the primary power , there are even idea 's about abolishing it, 
  the whole district thing is weird, 
  except eu well being is n't only a economic one . 
  it is a political one as well . 
  and the eu is politically weaker than economically . 
  imo economic loss to strengthen it politically is acceptable, 
  i thought he made it very clear he was speculating and that his numbers were his opinion, 
  you got it backwards there would be better chances of stopping this tradition if no one died . 
  the danger of death is what gives part of the appeal . 
  a death now and then keeps this tradition going you do n't see them use bunnies for a reason, 
   because most people are unable to think critically and just blindly accept what they read in the papers as 100 % true . 
  no , they simply have little or no information to the contrary ; you can be as critical about the propaganda as you want , if that is the only information you get , it is hard to form a different opinion it is n't critical thinking and blind acceptance ; it is the lack of conflicting information, 
  this is such non-news the trigger has n't been pulled yet , we do n't know the extend of uks leaving of course they should n't guarantee anything if you do n't know what you want yourself , how can you promise what to do ? 
  ( especially with immigration being a hot topic of the whole issue ), 
  sacrifices are generally a value trade ( unless they fail ) . 
  that is a the nature of sacrifice ; nobody would sacrifice anything if it was n't a value trade, 
   i 'm sure some drama can be stirred up at the republican convention , so trump can pull out and some new savior can emerge to unite the party . 
  this will still damage trump severely at this point . 
  i ca n't see how he can leave undamaged, 
  why would the word ` sacrifice ' exist ? 
  when losing a piece either you lose it without advantage or you gain advantage of losing it . 
  first possibility is n't sacrifice because you do n't do it on purpose . 
  so if you get killed by killing 2 terrorists it is not a sacrifice ? 
  he lost his position and does n't get 2 extra terms as prime minister in return , so he did sacrifice, 
  you know what i mean ; pulling out will do as much damage a being president ; and in the usa you can still blame the congress and senate ; if he pulls out he ca n't blame anyone, 
  i can see outs ( or ins ) , especially with all these people abbandoning ship but i agree it is likely to happen, 
  it is a pretty good check , but do n't call it mate before the brexit is called off . 
  the stay side sacrifised his queen , and got 2 queens in return , and checked brexit , but brexit has the next move, 
  trump ca n't back out , can he ? 
  not at this point, 
  the problem was that the shitshow was on the plate of the other parties because the construction they gave wilders ; wilders had power without responsibility, 
  the problem is them taking that responsibility ; wilders is really good at dodging that, 
  no it was n't ; that was the other parties being stupid enough to give wilders powers without responsibility . 
  they played in his hand, 
   and that was without them actually taking real responsibility . 
  he wanted power without responsibility and the other parties gave it to him, 
  iceland will win it all and validate both of us, 
  we just had bad luck having to play against the ek champion iceland, 
  which is political suicide, 
  disclaimer ; i had to read this article through google translate and i 'll freely interpret what i think is said ; uk voted to leave ; merkel says uk should n't expect concessions before they invoke article 50 ( article 50 is leaving the eu ; once started it is either hard to stop or impossible , or at the very least very damaging for the leaving country , i do n't know the specifics ) this is to prevent the uk from trying to force ( more ) privileges ( give us x or we will leave ) , merkel wants to prevent hostage taking , either pull the trigger or do not this way the uk first have confirm their leave before negotiations begin ( negotiations about their position outside the eu , not within as that will no longer be possible ) though merkel says she wo n't go to hard on the uk in the negotiations because the uk is an ally ( this could just be political talk , could very well be a lie ) merkel also wants clear consequences for leaving the eu ; she does n't want the uk to gain a spot that has many/most of the benefits of the eu without the downsides, 
  because it would be a bad thing for the eu if the uk does as well as norway and switzerland . 
  they layman european will ask himself why be in the eu if things work just as well outside it while costing you less money and sovereignty ? 
  not understanding that the uk has n't actually left the eu economically, 
   having good relations and good trade deals that benefit both parties is in the best interests for everyone . 
  except ; people with think the eu is useless and a waste of money because the uk is doing fine  if the only reason to kneecap britain is to show force to scare off other member states from leaving not to scare ; but to show it strength to the common people  well it does n't sound like a union based on any sort of solid foundations . 
  well i do n't deny the foundations are not in the most perfect condition but they are good enough ; a trade block to the benefit for every member ... at least in theory in practice it is difficult to show it actually is useful because all countries we normally compare with are with us in the eu , we have nothing to show it is actually working . 
  that is one of the reasons there are so many people calling for an exit of their country ( in my country it is between 33 and 50 % )  ignoring the whole `` stop contagion , stop other exits '' argument , it 's pretty clear the best solution is to come to an amicable divorce ensuring as little change as possible in terms of the economic negotiations , it 's best for britain and best for the eu . 
  it will be best for both economically yes . 
  but it will be the death sentence of the eu if the uk does n't get worse from leaving ; what does the layman see ? 
  we pump loads of money in the eu ( and especially my country puts more euros in per person but get % wise a lot less money back in subsidies ) , all these regulations and laws chip away at sovereignty ( it does , though i think it is worth it ) , but if the uk does not get worse from it decision it will seem as if all these sacrifices i wrote above do n't bring the economic benefits the politicians promised ; uk will the proof they point to that we will be better of outside the eu because it will cost less and we will have more sovereignty over ourselves and we 'll be just as well off . 
  actually it probably would be even less of a deal for us dutch , we do n't lose the 10 % of the seats in the eu parliament , we lose even less because we hardly have a say at this point because we are such a small country why would the layman want to stay in the eu ? 
   well , it 's obvious they will be losing their rebate at the very least . 
  unless of course they do a 180 . . yeah , but they 'll also pay less , it is the economic benefits , not the subsidies , that we have to prove ; but we ca n't prove that if they stay in the eu economic system, 
  how are we going to do that ? 
  average gdp better than uk ? 
  we 'll never make that , i do n't think our new members will gain that much so our average will be better than that of the uk what statistic do you have in mind ? 
  maybe economic growth but generally we both agree , we need to do better than the uk , but that comes down to the same things , if we want to ensure that we ca n't give the uk the same position in the eu economically as it has now , otherwise it will profit from any success we have . 
  ah , thanks , that makes sense well not that the parliamentary fraction does n't represents its party members , but you know what i mean :p, 
   if the eu turns out to be the sort of organisation that will try to destroy a state for having the temerity to not wish to be a part of its club then the uk probably made the right move deciding to get out now rather than when that mindset could do irreparable damage in the future . 
  they can do what is best of them , but we are not allowed to do what is best for us ? 
  uk does n't have to take the well being of rest of the eu in account but we must take into account their well being ? 
   this kind of talk tends to confirm the worst tin-foil worries of the anti-eu crowd and undermines all the eu 's lofty claims about its ideals and goals as an engine for peace , stability and good will in the world . 
  the eu ca n't be an engine for peace , stability and good if it falls apart  about its ideals and goals as an engine for peace , stability and good will and everybody says that , that is political talk , you can ignore that , it is just pandering * edit ; the uk forced us in a corner ; our unity is at risk , sorry if the solution is bad for the uk .
