  great netherlands of course, 
  which part is not true ? 
  yeah , that is how it works , if you pay more taxes you do n't get more votes in the elections , that is how democracy works, 
  we are one of the richest countries ; of course we pay more than we get back ; that happens if you try to make a system together , the richer groups pay more . 
  if everyone got back what they payed the systems would be useless . 
  if the poor payed more , they would be better of without , but the rich countries have the advantage that paying more invests in stability . 
  we are a knowledge economy ( except the rivers ) we do n't have anything that other countries do n't have or can have over time . 
  we need europe to survive in the future . 
  germany still has east germany and lagging problems of that seperation for some time to come ( i think ) . 
   criminalise the ngos with such attitudes imo they are already criminal ; i would throw ` human trafficking ' charges on them . 
  as that is what they are doing . 
  african traffickers do the first part , they do the second part, 
  they are targeting a second party when a first claims it , it is exactly the same, 
  so is that guy ; it is a second party gets blamed while the first claims it . 
  all kurdish parties are getting blamed , that is also an ethnic group, 
  why should we ? 
  it another group that took responsibility for the attack , there is no evidence given for hdps involvement why should we condemn a second party without evidence ? 
  crime war in the netherlands mainly from moroccan and turkish descent , tens of people died ; guess that is enough to get rid of all moroccan and turkish descent people and all parties they vote for, 
  so the details are not out yet , but imagine there are no downsides given to the uk people . 
  so no reason to say no to it , so everyone takes the offer . 
  then in 10 years you 'll have free travel for all families , except they are annoyed they have to fill out paperwork for their kids , they 'll see they get great benefits their kids wo n't have . 
  in 20 year the first generation will become adults who are fucked by their parents , they see their parents get all the benefits , while they have it way more difficult to get studies and jobs abroad . 
  i think this will create a climate that will push the next generation back to pro-eu, 
   what happen now if suddenly we have 16 million people asking for eu citizenship ? 
  16 million ? 
  how about 64 million ? 
  why would anyone say ` no ' to that offer , they would lose nothing by saying yes , while they get loads of fancy stuff , only sucks for those born after . 
  it was hardly a bargaining chip as it has become clear that it would go nowhere, 
   are they or are they not credible sources ? 
  well apperently not as / u/xeno87 provided links of the media ( including rtl , which is not a small one ) reporting on the issue , so any source that says ` they did not ' would be wrong if you have problems with specific media , you can go ahead , but your general statement is false  hey , / u/sphornet , you were so quick to reply defending your rape apologist friend ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  first ; they were n't rapes , they were sexual assaults , secondly / u/xeno87 did n't respond on the actual crimes , only about the reporting of it , so even if it were about rape , it would still not make him a rape apologist , as he had no comment on the crimes, 
  of course ` no ' is the answer , you do n't give requirements just to ignore those requirements afterwards i do n't know what erdogan was thinking , the only possible answer when they demanded it was ` no ', 
  he has links , care to address those ? 
  or are calling them a grand conspiracy ? 
  erdogan demanded an answer , i 'd say oblige him and give him his answer . 
  for god sake spain , this time you 've gone to far , you take away the enjoyment of shitting on turkey, 
  just following the lead of his big brother, 
   then you 'll have to have a sign on every building that does n't allow them . 
  why ? 
  there are loads of things not on signs that companies might refuse, 
  i rather had they allowed companies to chose to ban face covering at their own digression i do n't see why this should be government mandated, 
  guarantee is guarantee , if it is less than the company claims , the costs are for the company , not you, 
   so basically , you 'll be spending 30,000 $ every 5-10 years or so . 
  from the article `` the company has guaranteed them for 15 years , but schilling believes they 'll last for 50 years or more . '', 
  so if nothing can be salvaged and everything needs to be replaced that comes down to 2k a year at most , which is pretty good . 
  though it is quite small ; i estimate 4 ( wide ) x1 .5 ( wide part ) x7 ( #parts ) ~ 45m ^ 2 the only thing is that it does n't include the price of the ground it stands on ( can easily add 5000 for 50m ^ 2 in the cheapest province to 22k on average for the most expencive province , to at least 100k in amsterdam ) , so i do n't know how cheap it would actually be , and you ca n't stack them, 
   putting the camps in greece ? 
  if not on islands than someplace else ? 
  get the unhcr involved ( well , maybe properly funded first ) !, 
  who is going to pay for all that ? 
  you ? 
   if it were that easy , it would n't be a leverage for erdogan , no ? 
  erdogan has leverage because we do n't want the refugees , not because the deal makes it impossible to cancel ; you propose the one thing the majority of the eu does n't want . 
  millions of muslims getting into the eu having to maintained , costing us billions , having to be resettled all over the eu , with a proportion that probably never goes back to syria . 
  that is why erdogan has leverage , not because of the deal do you know what leverage means ? 
  erdogan can do something we dont want ; what you are suggesting is the thing we do n't want . 
  if we wanted to do the thing you are suggesting there would n't be a deal with turkey  so merkel good save her face in front of her electorate ? 
  merkel is not sole ruler of the eu , merkel is not the president of the eu , and aside from germany no country has much incentive so save her ass . 
  what you are suggesting ; a grand conspiracy to maintain her power is ridiculous . 
  the eu does n't want millions of muslim immigrants of which it is uncertain if they will ever return  it means that we can find another way to deal with the problem we already have refugees problems in italy and greece that are not solved ; getting millions more is n't going to solve that problem suddenly , it will only make it worse . 
   one that does not involve letting our foreign policy being subject to a dictator . 
  this is so stupid ; erdogan does n't dictate our foreign policy , they solved a problem for us by agreeing to a deal . 
  the worst thing that can happen is that the deal is broken and we continue as if there is n't a deal . 
  lets put numbers to it , so maybe you understand ; before the deal we were at # 5/10 : refugees were coming to the eu and we did n't like it , it costs us money and there is a chance they wont return . 
  we made a deal with erdogan , now it costs us less and we do n't deal with the refugees directly , not having to worry if they return or not we are at a 7 out of 10 situation . 
  now the deal might not work out with erdogan , at worst everything returns to the 5/10 situation , maybe he can for something extra out of us giving us a 6/10 situation , but he ca n't get something out us making it a 4/10 , because we would simply say ` no '  i ca n't hear you offering a solution other than `` let 's pay a fascist dictator protection money so he does n't send us terrorists '' either . 
  ignoring the bs ; it is less money that the refugees would cost us with the deal he is doing us a favour, 
  he had them , we did n't want them , so yeah , of course he was in charge of the refugees . 
  who else would be in charge of them ? 
  so merkel screwed up by letting refugees into europe but also screwed up by not letting them in ? 
  this merkel hate is just grasping at straws at this point, 
   before the agreement we could have tried different ways of containing the influx like what ? 
  all erdogan has to do is provide boats . 
  greece is less than 5km away in a lot of places . 
  you could swim it if you had a little training or something to hold on to  now we are stuck in a bad deal how do you mean we are stuck ? 
  we can cancel it at any time , and it looks like it gets canceled anyway  which is much preferable state for everyone than being at erdogan 's mercy . 
  no it is n't , it costs the eu more money and it costs greece more money . 
   i doubt the greeks who have a history of animosity with the turks would mind a refugee camp on an island or two how ignorant are you ? 
  `` a refugee camp on an island or two '' turkey has about 2.7 million syrian refugees , that more than double the whole eu combined remember that shitshow of the refugees what went to germany and sweden ? 
  turkey has 3 times the number , and you want to put them on an island or 2 , greece wo n't mind . 
  one of those island better be crete or these will be the most dense populated areas in the eu if greece did n't mind , why do you think we made the deal ? 
  seriously , what did the eu get out of this deal if you thought it costs money and we did n't mind the refugees ? 
   if it means that they are not pressured by the turkish government ( directly or indirectly ) . 
  your solution to `` give me your money or i 'll stab you '' is to let him stab you to death so he ca n't pressure you no more . 
  we eu liked this deal , it was relatively cheap and means a lot of potential problems stay away . 
   and by putting them in the hands of erdogan we have given him leverage over the eu he already had that leverage , nothing changed between before the agreement and now . 
  except time has past . 
  if the deal never happened turkey would have let refugees stream into greece months ago and our costs would have been more for those months than they have been these past few months . 
   what merkel should have done is , is to send the money and all the logisitical aide the eu can muster to greece ( god knows that they need it ) so they can set up the camps and process the migrants . 
  that would have increased stream of refugees to greece , leaving them with more problems they already have . 
  ah yes , austria 's and hungary 's grand and brilliant ` plan ' called ` let greece and italy deal with it , we are safely tucked inland , we do n't care about them ', 
  no we gave him money to support the refugees he keeps within his borders . 
  if the agreement fails so will the payments we paid to keep those refugees out of our borders for a few months , we got what we paid for that money was not intended for permanent housing of the refugees , only temporary housing edit ; and why blame merkel for that even if you believe that ? 
  merkel is n't the queen of europe ; europe as a whole agreed to it, 
  he could and can do that even if she did n't, 
  i thought he said the vote would be of no consequence ? 
  that it did n't matter . 
  is this guy bipolar ? 
  how is merkel to blame for this ?
