  * * and i do n't mean force uk back to the stone age , but just reduction gdp by not agreeing to trade deals etc *, 
   nothing to gain from helping uk up on its feet . 
  well not nothing ; there are economical reasons why it would be good ( that is the main reason we want the uk in the eu in the first place ) it just is n't worth the downsides of the uk succeeding  i would n't say that the eu has a lot to win for uk to fail well the eu always had problems showing its strength , the uk has given it opportunity to show it is . 
  eu apparent strength might gain a net positive from the uk leaving and failing edit ; i think the number of dutch wanting to leave will shrink if they see uk fail , probably the same in other countries . 
  that can be quite a win, 
  i 'm not convinced it is a smart route to take the uk exit has made the eu look weak , the eu must show it is strong . 
  and i really do n't know how the eu can do that without making the uk fail ( for the layman , of course there are ways to show strength for experts ) . 
  the eu has a lot to gain by making the uk fail i even dare say the eu might be in big problems if the uk succeeds , i think it will fall apart if the uk does come out stronger looking away from the eu might be saver for uk, 
   considered unelectable by the majority of his party . 
  and  the problem for labour mps is that corbyn has a hardcore following amongst the new young party members , who will reelect him , if he steps down . 
  so ... there is a group of party members that think he is unelectable but would still support him for the role ? 
  but will the eu agree ? 
  the eu now has an incentive to let britain fail , so it is clear leaving is n't a good option and that the eu makes countries strong . 
  if you can get a steady job , it is a lot more complicated now ( lack of free travel and such ) if you do n't get a steady job , no , we do n't take economic refugees generally, 
   amsterdam we had loads of british tourists ( and criminals ) spending their money here , i wonder how the additional paperwork will influence things, 
  they are welcome , just not as welcome as they were ; now they need paperwork done, 
   this is going to go down as his legacy . 
  not sure , might depend on who becomes mp next ; if it is one of the main brexit players they might get the legacy, 
  he stepped down , so there will be at least one more, 
  yeah , but then vote on a party with generally the same view , but for/against the eu , right ? 
  this is why i like that the netherlands has 11 + parties ( that is why i guess i understand that is n't possible in uk because you have the districts ) if there is n't a party in the netherlands that more or less agrees with your view ; you either have a really uncommon perspective or you have to wonder if your views are inherently inconsistent, 
  i agree with you on that with the sp ( also chose to sit in the opposition instead of trying to get into a coalition as one of the largest parties ) , but generally they do work in the direction of their promises though i have to admit i often do n't pay to much attention to specific promises unless they are very impactfull edit ; for example i like the d66 for their general leanings , their behaviour in politics and their willingness to rule . 
  but i disagree with some of their main points ; referendum and chosen mayors and chosen minister president . 
  but why a referendum ? 
  why not just wait until the next election and vote for a party that wants out of the eu ? 
  i guess it is n't that simple in britain since you have districts but in the netherlands there is no reason not to wait until the next election, 
  sure , he says nice things , that is his gimmick , but to me is clear as day he just says things for votes but does n't do anything ; he could have tried to make into government , but instead he sits in the opposition or that ` gedoog ' - episode ( giving him power without accountability ), 
   anymore : /, 
  he is a populist looking to get votes of the hype, 
   and who is to decide what is best if not the poeple ? 
  people who have lawyers and experts at their disposal and have experience with politics . 
  it is no guarantee they are better , but on average they will be referendums have huge problems ; i do n't have access to experts , i do n't have access to lawyers . 
  referendums only allow yes-no votes , it does n't allow you to suggest alternatives or have the proposal changed in the details like parties can i ca n't propose `` we should leave the eu when x and y is n't fixed in z years '' i can only say `` yes '' or `` no '' which is often way way way to simplified, 
   the ban can be ordered if the party organising or brokering the taxi service do not comply with dispatch regulations stipulated in the relevant government decree seems obvious, 
  ede has been in the news several times last months why would a long term problem need to be in the news every moment, 
  i do n't see how that prevents them from building russian bases in turkey if turkey wants it, 
  and how does keeping him in prevent that ? 
  with all this speech of war , can we kick turkey out of nato already ? 
  with such remarks this becomes a self fulfilling prophecy, 
  you call that sane ? 
  i call it insane you are a political party ; your goal is to rule . 
  letting others go first without offering your own deals seems insane to me . 
  like you do n't want to do your job . 
  whether or not another party gained a lot or you lost a lot seems irrelevant for your desire to convert your ideas to reality . 
  a party unwilling to rule is a wasted vote, 
  you have look at the columns , those are the parties . 
  rows hardly matter , people mainly vote for the party representative ( the first one ) . 
  for the big parties the preference vote for special people does n't affect who gets seats most of the time . 
  any seat gives you ability to make differences , in coalition talks you can offer that seat to big parties in exchange of concessions . 
  but of course the less seats you have the less power you have . 
   germany has a party that tries to be similair to the pvv , however they are actually democratic . 
  recently a video surfaced of one of their members being at a neo nazi rally and saying some not so nice stuff about the holocaust . 
  because they have members and stuff , that guy had to go . 
  why would this go wrong in a undemocratic party ? 
  either the leader kicks him to shush the backlash or he does n't and he loses votes . 
  i do n't see a scenario in which this would be a problem  now look at the pvv , there were plenty of scandels with them a couple of years back . 
  i do n't recall that they all had to leave , most of them still are in parliament . 
  apparently people do n't care as they still vote for the party i do n't see the problem, 
   it is completely undemocratic but is that really a bad thing ? 
  an undemocratic party system does n't make the nations democracy less democratic . 
  secondly democracy has serious flaws , that increase if you do democracy in a sublevel to democracy . 
  i do n't agree that a non-democratic system for parties is necessarily worse than a democratic one what do you gain with a democratic system in a party ? 
  you automatically become more moderate , which seems like a bad idea for an non-moderate party i guess he has a larger risk of losing control over his seats when he divides them between his men . 
  if they are slightly more moderate and he is too extreme they might go ` rogue ', 
  luxembourg conspiracy to appear bigger than they are, 
  it is easy to say ` everything we do legal ' if you decide what is legal they could make murder legal if they wanted to , that does n't mean it should be done . 
  i did n't intend it as an actual plan it is an hyperbole exposing the weakness of their argument, 
  maybe the protesters have learned a lot today , maybe they 'll lynch some politicians , elect a new government and pass some new laws that allow you to lynch 2 politicians without punishment and then they will say '' everything we did is legal '', 
  is it bad then economically ? 
   exactly . 
  let 's be positive and i think we can get a great outcome for everyone . 
  let 's be excited . 
  i wish there was , but i ca n't really see it . 
  an uk that is successful might cause the eu to fall apart . 
  as an uk that comes out stronger would suggest the foundation of the eu ( an economic block that benefits those who join ) is unsound, 
  russia has become captain obvious , of course it is a threat , we did n't like the crimea thing , so we crank up the pressure to make sure russia stays within borders in the future, 
  you have white spots , us , denmark and ireland are the ones left out, 
  that is why i casually dropped it in there , and did n't make a big deal about it, 
   and how has giving free reign to muslims working out ? 
  pretty well actually . 
  sure muslims are more likely to be criminals than none muslims but it works pretty well . 
   stating that government should stay out of religious matters is naive idealism . 
  and how well is this working in turkey ? 
  turkey is doing worse than the netherlands, 
  the state has no business dictating religion because of that our country has become this nonreligious . 
  my reddit and youtube do n't have my real name, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5jwe1i/united_states_immigration_services_asks_for_your/dbjnnhw/?context=3 and my comment under that, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5jwe1i/united_states_immigration_services_asks_for_your/dbjnnhw/?context=3 and my comment under that, 
  except it is a breach of privacy . 
  and what stops the us from giving this information to your own countries government or anyone else they want ? 
  it is the only thing that makes sense . 
  voluntary makes no sense in context of fighting terrorism . 
  so the only explanation that makes sense to me is that they are using a two step system to mitigate outrage, 
  for now, 
  what about account / u/noxav ? 
  i would n't be surprised reddit will be added, 
  youtube ? 
  and i would n't be surprised if reddit will be added later, 
  yes , give us more estuaries we need more estuaries, 
  seems the netherlands inherited the german spirit as well,
