  yes it happend ... but it 's called history, 
  and they were n't even holy , roman or an empire, 
  http://www.youtube.com/user/emperortigerstar/videos a place for you to spend your free time next two weeks ( if you do n't already know him ), 
  the problem with the downvotes i think is that what you tell makes no sense and official sites tell differently . 
  i 'm not saying you are lying but what you tell is hard to believe, 
  people only have to get out when their temp visa expires, 
  does she have a current visa ? 
  otherwise i ca n't make sense of it . 
  http://www.inburgeren.nl/inburgeraar/examen/examenlocaties/toetslocaties.asp i do n't know how to translate this with google , but it ( official government site ) says you can do the exam in amsterdam , eindhoven , rotterdam , rijswijk and zwolle ... five dutch cities, 
  the only stupid part of this is the history test that is attached ... most dutch know less of the history questions than is required to pass, 
  you ca n't ? 
  sounds bs, 
  they are n't thrown out if they do n't learn dutch . 
  they are thrown out because their temporary visa expires , and they are only thrown out if officials think it is safe enough for them to return . 
  you are n't actually kicked out if you do n't learn dutch though if you do n't get dutch citizenship your temporary pass might expire . 
  but if there a real danger for returning you will be never send back ; though that is for officials to decide . 
  stealing is not my worry , crazy getting their hands on them in a public area is ... 
  fuel is easy to get , but you are right did n't think about the ammunition, 
  the lack of security suggests to me they do n't intend to use them . 
  the total lack of security while stationary ( in an urban area ) actually is more worrying to me, 
  just because ukraine wants something very bad ( something that i 'm not that sure about ) does n't mean we ca n't say no to it i 'm not really against it , but i do n't support it either . 
  ukraine even before all this shit had serious internal problems , i 'm not really warming up to getting involved with that . 
  it working fine is only more argument why it should mix, 
  why has nobody quoted this yet ? 
   `` a new residential unit for 30 refugees in nieheim would cost $ 30,000 ( # 22,000 ) . 
  this solution will cost me nothing , '' he told welt . 
  and the people forced to move have no costs ? 
  and those costs are no investment , the new residential until still has uses years from now . 
  ten people forced to move together easily can cost several thousands , though it is true the mayor does n't have to pay that, 
  i know the article says that , but it does n't make sense why would the government interfer with housing if it is not necessary ? 
  why would they build houses that are not needed ? 
  why is there government housing if it is not necessary ? 
  it is there because it is necessary , but now suddenly we assume that for all those that live in government housing it is n't necessary ... that they can just live somewhere else ... it does n't make sense because that would suggest that government housing was n't necessary before the refuges coming in, 
  how is her leaving make room ? 
  her leaving will mean she will go to a now empty house +1 -1 = 0, 
  why do people need to leave ? 
  is n't the idea that these people integrate ? 
  if they ca n't live with germans in the same building what hope is there they are ever going to integrate ? 
  how does one lower the number of cancelled asylum applications ? 
  you ca n't , this number can only stay equal or rise , and if you throw enough numbers at something it wo n't stay equal `` rise in the number of cancelled asylum applications '' says absolutely nothing it 's like saying there is a rise in the number of fouls during a football match ; there is no way to lower the number , and it does n't say if it is a match with 3 total fouls or 120, 
  refugees will stop when isis is in power ? 
  i doubt it . 
  fsa is not strong enough ( they have the least amount of area under control ) and i would not be surprised if they make a deal with isis . 
  assad at least might have to answer to russia when this is done , isis is a lose cannon, 
  i did n't know germany gave them money, 
  sounds like the beginning of a pedophile joke, 
  just because there are different ways of obtaining it , does n't mean you are allowed to distribute it https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kvd7w/redditor_ueuropean88_arrested_by_the_fbi_for/cv137dm or guns , or drugs , grenades , alcohol to children or anything that is illegal to distribute, 
  people talk about muslims like they talk about women all the time, 
  i do n't contradict myself ; i do believe that is a violation of freedom of speech , that is why i said `` i do n't like it in the netherlands ''  you consider netherlands to have freedom of speech despite the fact that they had banned some nazi propaganda i do n't believe it is a black and white thing it is a sliding scale of free speech . 
  one thing does n't mean the country has no free speech , it means the country has less free speech, 
  by that logic distributing childporn should be legal because `` you can find i online anyway '', 
  no there is you , and the rest is bots, 
  played ? 
  at least the ` radical ' part is n't ` played ' he gave bomb making instructions to undercover police, 
  yes ( if i understand your question correctly ) beating women is wrong , but they wo n't suddenly change their opinion because it is in the news , they 'll see this as an attack on muslims and no amount of reason is going to change their mind because now they are ` victims ' . 
  we needed an internal discussing between muslims , between equals ; now it is us vs them and reason will do nothing . 
   the price you pay for freedom was not `` allowing people to beat their wifes '' , it was `` allowing toxic religions '' ( which is a pleonasm in my book , it is just some are worse than others ), 
  nothing in the freedom of religion and freedom of speech laws dictates your immigration laws . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  isis supporters ? 
  i thought the kurds were one of the most involved groups fighting isis, 
   the video is not showing the entire video . 
  you do n't need the entire video to see it it was self defense , those 4 seconds were just fine ; i do n't understand how people just miss the whole destroyed car in the middle of the video . 
  your version of islam being damaging is a lot more subjective than the fire example ; how would you formulate the new law that bans islam . 
  how is child porn speech ? 
  what idea is transferred ? 
  it is just an exchange of media, 
   i could see a society with the freedom of speech i ca n't ; how is a preacher giving a sermon not a guy giving a speech to a public ? 
   shouting `` fire ! '', 
  shouting `` fire ! '', 
  is something very different , and not comparable to most other forms of speech  we 've banned all kinds of nazi - and hitler-related stuff in germany . 
  not sure about germany , but i do n't like it in the netherlands . 
  true , but it will likely also increase the gap between muslims and non-muslims , i do n't think change is likely in a us vs them situation . 
  internal discussion is what we need , now it has become external , and people tend to not react well to being told by strangers what they should and should not do . 
  it is not like this the only toxic group in europe , it is the price you pay for freedom of religion and freedom of speech , and it is better than the alternative, 
  good on them ? 
  what did they achieve ? 
  the men there likely left with a even lower opinion of women . 
  i 'm very against beating women , but i think it more likely they made things worse than better . 
  i was about to ask if the rest of europe gets to vote as well on the british membership, 
  how the hell is this not solved within nato ? 
  i ca n't remember the last time i heard something i liked from either greece or turkey, 
  i think if you pick the right field and have a good resume and have an so that works as well in a above average job , it is totally possible to become millionaire here . 
  not saying most of our millionaires have n't cheated , just it possible to become one without cheating . 
  only if they would have been able to balance the budget after the bankruptcy . 
  everybody keeps pointing to argentina , but how about zimbabwe ? 
  if they keep printing money after bankruptcy they might end up the same . 
  that that is the downfall from the current politicians words ( as i saw it , i could be wrong ) ; they presented the cuts and taxes as the eu-option , like choosing bankruptcy would somehow prevent those cuts and taxes . 
  i understand how austerity can make a crisis worse , but can not see how ` no austerity ' could work if the crisis is not temporary , like in greece , are there signs that the public/privet sector balance was recovering already ? 
  i 'm no economist however , but ` no austerity ' does n't seem logical to me . 
  was n't 18, 
  did n't they become so poor because they bought to many german guns ? 
   on the principle of valuing and respecting referendums how is a referendum any different than an democratic chosen government ? 
  especially this one , since this one was chosen to handle the crisis the referendum means nothing because one party ( the rest of europe ) does n't get to vote . 
   so you either stay true to your words that you respect and value and give weight the family making decisions together of course we respect it , if they do n't want the deal , they do n't get it . 
  that does n't mean that not giving them a better deal is ` not showing respect '  the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights [ ... ] these values are common to the member states are you trolling me ? 
  not giving greece a better deal has nothing to any of this . 
   every citizen shall have the right to participate in the democratic life of the union . 
  decisions shall be taken as openly and as closely as possible to the citizen . 
  so the rest of the eu gets a vote as well ?
