   if the eu does not give any more weight eu already has given maximum weight to greece ; greece has a veto ; they can do whatever they want . 
  we 've reached a helping hand , greece on it 's own can choose whether to take it or not . 
   now , if the eu does not give any more weight to the fact that the greek government decides to make the decision more democratically openly and closer to the citizens via national referendum ( instead of just having the government of greece decide ) then it shows that the eu does not respect the democratic rights , dignity and freedom of eu citizens of a member state as it claims . 
  of course we respect that , we do n't care how you do it . 
  take the hand or not , but your not entitled to a better deal just because the answer comes from a referendum . 
   so either eu has to admit it does n't value and respect democracy as much as it claims to value and respect it ( a blow to the reputation of the eu ) , or then greece has a strong bargaining chip . 
  neither ; we fully respect greece to decide however they like , for what i care they can roll a dice for it . 
  but you do n't get a better deal just because you did it democratically finally ; one county voting is n't democracy on eu level . 
  an eu vote is is democracy on eu level . 
  if the rich voted between themselves that they did n't need to pay taxes would that be a strong bargaining chip ? 
   to wishes , opinions and demands decided by the customers collectively no no no , it is one family that comes in and has a referendum , not the costumer base in total . 
  how does that referendum change your rent ; the supply cost etc ? 
  your missing the point ; how does the family referendum change anything ? 
  why would it lower your price ? 
   a strong bargain chip a strong bargain chip for what ? 
  in negotiations with europe ? 
  why would we care about that ? 
  why would we change our offers if there is a referendum stamp on it ? 
  whether it is a democratically chosen government , or a referendum does n't change a thing for the perspective of europe . 
  that is like going into a store and holding a referendum with your family saying you want the product for 50 % off, 
  well they have a country right now , and i do n't see them losing any time soon ... . so pretty good, 
  summary ; no deaths , one severely injured 15 year old . 
  one seriously injured 15 year old , and one lightly injured , also 15 years . 
   i just defended france several times and criticized the belgians for their choice to do a 2\u00a01/2 euro coin for the battle of waterloo does n't appear in your comment history, 
  my point though is it is n't just a arms race ; i 'm no expert on any of this , but this is my vision on it ; i think the mbt has less of a purpose then it had . 
  infantry is better against tanks , and mbt 's are n't great against infantry either . 
  they might have still some fortified position destruction role , but i wonder if it is not cheaper to develop infantry weapons for the same role or give that role to armored troop cariers, 
  i wonder if there is a hypothetical 21st century main battle tank . 
  infrantry anti tank weapons become more and more common and effective . 
  and what is their hypothetical target that they are most cost effective in destroying ? 
  it would require effective anti missile defence systems , but it needs to compete with just upgrading infantry weapons . 
  it was months ago and i do n't go documenting bs , i see to much of it ( i 'm on reddit ) . 
  i ca n't remember what it was , but i 've heard some ridiculous claims from ukraine months ago . 
  you do n't hear of them because western media knows them to be false . 
  [ i wonder if you have any dutch blood going through your veins at all ] ( http://imgur.com/ri4s2t7 ), 
  security guy got hit in the ankle, 
  i do n't like it , the dutch government should stay out this . 
  it should know this is a sentitive issue , there is no reason why we should poke it . 
  i 'm fine with vlaanderen joining , but they first need to figure things out among themselves before we pick sides . 
  she likely would n't have been able to read it anyway ( seeing how many she got ) though her parents and sister will still be grateful, 
  she passed today, 
   by the way , `` the defined legal concept '' is the article 2 of the un general assembly resolution 260 aka . 
  the convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide , which defines `` genocide '' as :   ... any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such :   ( a ) killing members of the group ;   ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ;   ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ;   ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ;   ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  that does n't seem right ; that would mean ` war ' is genocide, 
  kingsday will outlast the monarchy . 
  the king is an accessory to kingsday , not the other way around, 
  if killing your political rival makes you eligible for this thread , this thread will be a long thread . 
  then the comparison does n't hold up , this guy is in an official position . 
  if the government ( who represents your country ) does n't call him back on his words ... then apperently his words represent the government . 
  reagan was not in an offical position under clinton . 
  but never the less clinton ( when he was in power ) could at any moment say that the words of reagan no longer represent the stance of the usa, 
  if you do n't fire him or apologize afterwards ( saying he did n't represent the voice of greece ) then ; yes , you 've let his words become the words of the nation, 
   basically enslaved did n't know germany has solo veto power over anything in the eu , and can prevent any state from leaving / s  and bound them to a currency the destiny of which they have virtually no control over . 
  i 'm sure ~ ~ your ~ ~ governments did not vote to join it / s  convince yourself all you like , but if the dutch government wanted to do a thing that germany did n't we both know that that thing would n't happen . 
  sure ... that is what happens when a small country joins a collective ... you think 17 million people should overrule ~ ~ 65 ~ ~ 80 odd million ? 
  then the world needs a history lesson, 
  has russia forgiven him for al those lada 's ? 
   a television network owned by russia 's defense ministry free press, 
  because russia has become such a trusted partner that we can just trust everybody to get rid off them and never worry again, 
  he was going by the article ( the one with the agenda ) the one that mislead him, 
   if fascists like certain style and use it extensively , then it is fair to say that it is their style . 
  the dutch mainly eat bread at breakfast and lunch , thus it is fair to say that eating bread is dutch / s, 
  fascist liking a certain style ( if that is true ) does not mean that style is a fascist architecture style, 
   you did n't look at the study , did you ? 
  can you blame him ? 
  140 pages is a lot if you do n't exactly know what you are looking for . 
  and this information should have been in the article , very bad journalism, 
  three parties ... they do n't agree ... what now ? 
  what happens when the defendant lawyer just says `` no '' ? 
   well , it 's half true how is it half true ? 
  what i understand from you , it is only a settlement attempt ... if they wish they can escalate it to a court . 
  that is not a `` replacement '' , that is an optional short cut . 
   more insultingly to me , when it gets to the part about arbitration courts , it portrays the entire legal profession and legal process as a game of rock paper scissors . 
  how absurd !, 
  i do not really have a problem with the rest , one should be able to clearly see it 's bias . 
  this part however says normal courts will be replaced by lawyers . 
  which is a lie , the parties will just try to settle before it gets to court ( if i understand it correctly ) . 
  which is normal practice . 
  and if we wish we can hold our governments responsible for those settlements . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm still against ttip , but at least i now know about the court thing . 
  one , i still think it is to big and should be split into smaller parts and at least spread over 2 governments . 
  and secondly , i simply do n't trust it because i 've heard nothing about this . 
   the question is simply who do we place the responsibility of getting or providing the information ? 
  the public from below , or the government from above ? 
  this is not a question of responsibility ; it is a matter of intelligence ( the character kind ) ; it is in human nature to distrust the unknown , politicians that rely on public opinion should not rely on whoever is responsible for it , they should for their own self interest inform the public . 
  it is a to way street , politicians face consequences for not informing the public over clearly big deals . 
  and the public faces consequences for not informing themselves . 
  but you said it yourself ; the public does n't have the expertese . 
  so is easily manipulated , like i was with the courts . 
  politicians of all people should know that ( they do it every elecition cycle ) and play into what they know will happen if public is unaware . 
   it 's typical media sensationalism . 
  if what you say is true , then it is not `` sensationalism '' but an outright lie, 
  but if that is true then the things they say in the anti-video 's are outrigth lies , not just embellishments . 
  because what you are saying is that it are `` just a group of lawyers trying to reach a settlement ( if they can agree ) , nothing more as in any court '', 
   you want to know enough to make a decision , but not be a back-seat driver to the expert who is a professional handling a situation . 
  you 'll never eliminate `` back-seat drivers '' , there will always be some . 
  but that is the cost of democracy . 
  and in this case we were told nothing . 
  and everybody assumes that if something is hidden , it is because we would n't like what we saw if we could see it . 
  it can be the fault of the media , not communicating , but still the government should have seen it and communicated themselves to bypass this basic assumption almost everybody makes ( me included ) democracy requires that the public gets information .
