as is usually the case with the foreign policy of democratic states i think you underestimate the power of the elite in democratic countries , we might not be as bad as russia or the us , but they still have a lot of power, 
  that is why i do n't understand current russian foreign policy ; europe was de-arming itself , defense got budget cut after budget cut . 
  we thought the cold war was over , russia is becoming a normal tradings partner ; everything is great , russia 's economy becomes stronger now it is part of the global market , nobody needs to fear anybody , everybody benifits by peace ... and now suddenly russia starts to threaten borderscountries ; and europe realises de-arming was stupid , it needs to re-arm to deal with russia russia has increased the threat against itself, 
  i read that as `` landmines '' , saw sweden on top and thought `` wtf '', 
   you ca n't mix apples and pears . 
  apples with apples and pears with pears and humans with humans, 
  i hope she survives ; if her life is insufferable , she can always end it at that point ( at least she could in the netherlands legally , but i think she could do it illigally in bulgaria if the laws do n't allow it ), 
   there were consultations between the leading political parties in the president 's office at the time . 
  about what ? 
  i do n't like how this article suggests the problems in lybia are the fault of the west , it is n't . 
  there was a civil war , we picked a side , we helped that side win . 
  it is n't our fault that group could n't hold it together . 
  if we had n't intervened , there would also be civil war . 
  we took the side that had a possiblity of progress , just because that chance did n't come to fruition does n't mean we did something wrong . 
   but the drawback is that foreign intervention is always in the interests of the country intervening . 
  big f ` ing surprise ... i think the writer needs a reality check  in all three cases cited above , the west intervened in somebody else 's civil war and tried to dictate who won . 
  first ; afganistan was n't an intervention . 
  second ; iraq was n't an intervention , thrid ; we did dictate who won , they just could n't hold it together without help . 
   -5 / 10 would not want cold war again to bad we are have taken some steps back into that direction, 
  i 'm surpriced any building with a roof can contain it, 
   i hope i live enough to see the day his power ends . 
  if you are younger than 40 , your wordview is pretty pessimistic if you doubt that, 
   ever since until today . 
  `` ever since '' or `` until today '' ? 
  `` ever since '' means nobody was executed since `` until today '' suggests today there was someone executed for the first time since ceau\u0219escu . 
  the combination of both terms makes me confused, 
  i 'm more insulted by how he makes it a sport to shoot at people, 
   so what does this statement in practice mean ? 
  does it mean that europe should grow more food for the rest of the planet ? 
  or that we should open up doors for the rest of the planet to import gm food to europe ? 
  i think it means a third option ; the 3rd world does n't have the funds , market , infrastructure and knowledge to produce new gm foods . 
  gm is in it 's infancy ; there are huge gains to be made in the future . 
  however this takes huge investments . 
  the problem is europe . 
  because we ( basically ) ban it , and because the west and western groups lobby against it in other countries the market of gm food becomes very small . 
  this means food companies do n't want to invest in it because the risks are to large especially since gm already takes huge investments to achieve succes . 
  because nobody does invest the technology hardly becomes cheaper or more accessable . 
  europe has the infrastructure , the knowledge and the funds to develop gm 's but layman is affraid of the unknown , so it is banned . 
  more poor countries lack infrastructure , the knowledge and the funds to do it , but also lack insentive because of lobby groups and a reduced market this basically leaves america , china and russia . 
  i have no doubt china is inovating hard , i would n't be surpriced if they saved up their gains to corner the market once they have achieve enough progress . 
  well , the war in russia did lay the groundworks for the liberation of western europe . 
  that second one is graphic as well , that is pizza abuse, 
  there is less benefit for the rich countries , but they still benefit from a strong and economically stable eu, 
  no , it is correcting the previous estimates, 
  i 'm so tired off hearing the dutch , english and germans ( though not in this case ) , complaining they get less back from the eu then they put in ... well of course ... that is the whole point , if we got back the same as we put in ... why do even give them money to begin with ? 
  we could just keep it ourselves . 
  the whole idea is that governments redistribute money for the eu as a whole , and that means some get less than they put in and some get more . 
  we are the richest countries of the union , so of course we pay more . 
  thanks for the feedback , i 've taken the post down apperently the dutch mistranslated the swedish article ( very unusual for the nos ), 
  thanks for the feedback , i 've taken the post down apperently the dutch mistranslated the swedish article ( very unusual for the nos ), 
  thanks for the feedback , i 've taken the post down apperently the dutch mistranslated the swedish article ( very unusual for the nos ), 
  can you confirm that is what the swedish article is about ? 
  because the dutch one does n't say that . 
  i 'll delete the post if you can confirm it . 
  aha , ~ ~ misunderstood that ~ ~ * apperently nos.nl misreported , which is unusual * , so basically i can delete this post ? 
  [ swedish article ] ( https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article19716276.ab ) i really hope this is not true . 
  if it is : dutch and swedish government and army are seriously lacking ... 
  ( somebody correct me if i 'm wrong ) i think this is only a plan , not implimented . 
  it is a nice plan ... though there is one problem ; where do we get the money ? 
  [ putin ] ( http://www.anorak.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/overly_attached_girlfriend_one_does_not_simply_break_up_with_me.png ), 
  yes , certain groups count , others do n't . 
  one day you work happily in your own county , the next day you have learn a new language and have to chose if you either emigrate or give up on your hard earned pentions etc, 
  i do n't understand how this comment is supposted to defend your statement that ** we should just give ** part of turkey to the kurds ... 
   it 's theirs , because it 's a kurdish settlement area 0 turks live there ? 
  or any other groups ? 
   why ? 
  it 's their land , if they get a state in the near future they should also take the land from turkey and incorporate it into their state . 
  why is it theirs ? 
  in any case it also turkish . 
  you think i can just stand in my backyard and proclaim it independant ? 
  you think the dutch government is n't going to say `` no '' ? 
  you think turkey ( a nato member ) is going to agree to give up a huge portion of their country ? 
  for free ? 
  that is never going to happen, 
   would n't attacking turkey be really really stupid of them ? 
  kurds are fighting turkey for years 2 . war is a stupid thing anyway  also , i thought the afghani militias use soviet weapons . 
  supplied by the cia during the russia-afgan war . 
  though russia probably supplied them aswell ( in both wars ), 
  just make sure they swear off any claim to turkish ground before you do that otherwise we 'll be fighting them in 10 years and they 'll use the weapons we gave them against us . 
  it would be a second afganistan, 
  they ignored orders and there are to many to arrest ; what should the police have done to make sure orders were followed, 
   video you determined that from 30sec of footage ? 
  you can see the protesters pushing back before the police moves in  shields would have worked and are safer for all involved . 
  shields that are not there do not work, 
   they were n't violent . 
  where do you get that from ? 
  not the article :  but scuffles between protesters and police, 
  it is a small demonstration , most of those are peacefull , it would n't surpise me they did n't think they needed shields fully geared up riot police also looks confrontational compared to normal uniformed officers , increasing the chances a demonstration turns violent . 
   you are literally defending police violence . 
  if it is the only tool to maintain order , yes, 
   you show up to crowds prepared . 
  maybe they had no reason to think they would ignore orders  the fact that you defend beating nonviolent people is a horrid opinion . 
  if people ignore orders you need to do something , arresting them all is not an option, 
  safest for everybody is for the protesters to obey police orders, 
   most often they are used to corral people through lines like a phalanx . 
  why ca n't they do that without shields ? 
  you do n't need shields to corral people ; unless ofcourse they fight back . 
   protests do n't work unless they are noticed . 
  sure , does n't mean you can infringe on other peoples rights just to get your message out, 
   no one expects police officers to be punching bags ... . . you said that if police are issued a shield , that automatically means police are expected to be punching bags ?
