  so you would move out at the request of native americans ? 
  and are we just going to ignore that even in their own history ( the ot ) they ethnic cleanse the area from the people that lived there , they were n't there first at all according to their own history  that 's not ethnic cleansing . 
  that 's akin to moving cities within the united states . 
  ethnic cleansing : * ethnic cleansing is the systematic forced removal of ethnic or religious groups from a given territory by a more powerful ethnic group , with the intent of making it ethnically homogeneous . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing exactly what israel is doing with the settlements , the only difference with classical ethnic cleansing is that they do is small piece by small piece, 
   that 's like saying turkey is european forever because it joined the european union . 
  what ? 
  when did they do that ? 
   the borders were established thousands of years ago probably . 
  no , i mean like 50 years ago , un interfered and drawn up borders https://fasttimesinpalestine.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/four-panel-map.jpg  i do n't think a rouge state like palestine should be recognized !, 
  what choice do they have ? 
  their land keeps getting stolen , they ca n't develop trade  the ship blockade can be overcome by palestine using the many allies in the muslim world . 
  seriously ? 
  they can overcome it , but it is still there because they did n't feel like overcoming it ? 
   i do n't think a rouge state like palestine should be recognized !, 
  so what happens to the people living in palestine ? 
  are they stateless forever ? 
  without passports , without trade opportunities forever losing land to israel  palestinians and muslims are a threat to israelis . 
  yeah , but israelies are a threat to palestinians , we know that . 
  you keep seeing it from one side , you think israel should have all the rights but you do n't care what happens to palestinians . 
   muslims do n't want peace . 
  the region is entirely at war right now , much of it on the border with israel . 
  if anything , israel is actually managing to keep the peace between israelis and arabs within it 's homeland quite well . 
  only because they have nukes and us support  there might be an ethnic cleansing of israelis if the muslim get to strong , but the arabs have a lot of room to maneuver around - the palestinians could just pull back into lebanon , syria , or egypt . 
  israelis could just move to the us they belong on that land , if israel wants that land they must claim the people to edit ; almost missed it  the palestinians could just pull back into lebanon , syria , or egypt . 
  you understand that this is ethnic cleansing right ? 
  they do n't claim all the land , if they did , all palestinians would live in israel and they would get to vote in elections and would be allowed to move within israel clearly israel does not hold such claims they only claim small pieces at a time so they can use what they want without giving pesky rights to the people who live there, 
  borders were established in the past , now israel does n't like those anymore and builds in palestine territory , it is simply annexing land from a different country , similar to russia did with crimea it is ridiculous that israel and the western world does not recognize palestine . 
  nobody claims the land , and nobody claims the people , so what prevents them from forming a country and a government ? 
  this is n't like kosovo where another country claims the land and people . 
  then there is a ship blockade , preventing any economical advancement of the strip . 
  israel does n't want peace , it likes the status quo because it ` allows ' them to relatively easy grind parts of palestine there will be either ethic cleansing of either the palestine or israel , or maybe both , in the future . 
  both hands are dirty and i no longer care about either side , they all can go fuck themselves , and to any innocent civilian that lives there i urge them to get out of there while you still can as i do n't want dutch soldiers to die for either side of that shithole, 
  my sister lives on the other side of the country , so about 2.5-3 hours away by public transport , 2 hours by car , most still live where i grew up or within a 1 hour drive . 
  depends on whether you are christian or not, 
  and this one does n't mention the mediterranean dam, 
  indeed , if we were to count i think the uk would ` win ' over germany, 
  though probably not what you mean , but my favorite christmas story just happened 6 year old with terminal cancer is painting nails for a good cause and already collected over 1.5 million . 
  what is the fenced thing on the right ? 
  no , love the current system, 
  so just like the current dutch situation ; though my advice would be do n't do it , it costs a lot and does n't really fit todays culture , i can see some of its appeal . 
  unexpected , i would have expected your support for the dsmid-dynasty, 
  we have some in the amsterdamse bos https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/waterhappertje#/media/file:waterhappertje.jpg, 
  so which one of his/her surnames does the kid give to their kids ? 
  if it is both you have forever increasing surname length if it is one or the other , it is the same as the rest of europe . 
   imo it is not fair that you , as a woman , have to change the surname your parents let you only because you are getting married . 
  people care to much about surnames . 
  okay , did n't know that , makes sense but i still do n't really understand what you are asking and why you brought pc up when talking about cultural appropriation, 
   this is all mutually exclusive to the huge pc movement i thought that was more or less the same group, 
  i do n't really see what your question really is you talk about cultural appropriation and pc , but i do n't see how the one has something to do with the other, 
  if you find certain parodies in bad taste , then you complain , but i ca n't see how that has something to do with someone taking parts of dutch culture and incorporating it in their own . 
  that has no effect on me/you so why would i/you care ? 
  disclaimer ; im local , so i do n't know the procedures i 'm not so confident you 'll be successful in west europe . 
  maybe you can get by with 600 in the month , so that 4k will disappear quickly , especially since you 'll have buy new stuff ( bed etc ) . 
  you 'll need a job in 2-3 months , and this will be tricky . 
  you only speak english , no recognized education ( people do n't know what you can and can not do ) , no verifiable experience , and probably you look north african ( i assume ) , while i do n't think it prevents you from getting a job , it will make it just a little more difficult . 
  you 'll be competing with school drop outs for minimum wage positions that do n't require the local language . 
  if you do n't succeed in those months you are basically homeless , and eventually will be put back on a plane to libya 4k poorer . 
  example of costs of education ( i think this per year ) http://www.bachelors.vu.amsterdam/en/degree-programmes/tuition-fees/index.aspx, 
  i 'll just stay neutral if / r/de allows, 
  it is mainly viewed by mechanics , most people do n't look at their transmissions, 
   australia he said ; not austria, 
  i 'll sign for it, 
  because you do n't want 1.1 billion people mad at you for such a tiny annoyance, 
  stereotypically belgium ; recently britain and turkey, 
  also holiday homes and some permanent residents ( though often pensioners ), 
  yeah , because we were all taught to distance ourselves from nazi germany , natinoalistic germany is bad , but you still must still love your country now that i slept on it i can exactly point out why george orwell 's version is wrong george orwell 's definition has patriotism and nationalism on the same scale on polar opposites of the same spectrum patriotism --------- minor patriotism -------- neither --------- minor nationalism ---------- nationalism keep this scale in mind for the next part ; patriotism and nationalism on either side , ` neither ' in the middle self-proclaimed nationalists often think they are patriots as well . 
  and self proclaimed patriots are often accused of being nationalists . 
  think of the iraq war , a preemptive strike all cloaked in patriotism ( while it is supposed to mean ` defensive ' ) . 
  it is however offensive so according to the defintion of orwell it should be nationalism . 
  why is this distance between patriotism and nationalism ( offensive and defensive ) so small ? 
  why is it so easily confused ? 
  why can they switch between the two so easily if they are polar opposites ? 
  while the distance between nationalism and minor nationalism is that much bigger ? 
  people that are not nationalistic nor patriotic ( so in the middle of orwell 's scale ) are never confused with with either side . 
  how can the polar opposites of a scale be closer together than each is to the center ? 
  the scale i propose ( and is in line with the wiki definition ) has nationalism and patriotism on two different ( though closely related ) parallel scales no nationalism --------- minor nationalism ---------- nationalism no patriotism ----------- minor patriotism ------------ patriotism this explains it perfectly ; the distance between patriotism and nationalism is small , just like in reality and explains why the distance between no-nationalism and nationalism is way bigger than that, 
   the abiding purpose of every nationalist is to secure more power and more prestige , not for himself but for the nation or other unit in which he has chosen to sink his own individuality '' why this one ? 
  it makes such little sense his quote begins pointing out that it is merely an assumption that you can divide humans in good an bad , but then just lumps all things ` good ' under patriotism and everything ` bad ' under nationalism `` nationalism ... is inseparable from the desire for power '' does this read like a neutral description of a term to you ? 
  to me this reads like someone who wants to paint self proclaimed nationalists as evil or someone who wants to re-brand nationalism under a new term because the old one was tainted edit ; did he write this by chance after ww2 ? 
  distancing his own nationalism because he did n't want to be compared to the nazi type nationalism ? 
  the term is often misused because they see people that are more nationalistic and think that is what nationalism is . 
  it is a wide term , describing a lot of people , just some more than others  nationalists are usually very hardcore people who believe everything in their country is better because it 's from their country . 
  that is not in the definition of nationalism  i still believe we 're not that good in many areas and i do n't mind criticizing my country . 
  and neither of these things contradict nationalism  you 're thinking about patriots . 
  two different things . 
  they are different , but i think i got it correct still https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism * `` nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture or ethnicity that holds that group together . 
  '' * if i were to ask norwegians `` do you care if the geographical area that we call ` norway ' is independent ? '', 
  i think a wide majority would say ` yes ' thus the wide majority would be nationalistic to a degree i agree there is a wide range to how nationalistic you can be , but this is the minimum range of the term , it includes a lot more people than people think, 
  your very detailed description leads to [ this website ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/constructionandproperty/9666745/londons-most-expensive-properties-in-pictures.html?frame=2393757 ), 
   your nationalists that is rather vague , most people are nationalistic to a degree , i ca n't generalize them all , there are a lot of them with wildly varying views . 
  do you want the most nationalistic one ? 
  the absolute extreme ? 
  how is it even possible to answer that ... ? 
  what kind of work do/can you do ? 
  what kind of environment do you like ? 
  what languages do you speak ? 
  how far are you willing travel for : work ? 
  supermarket ? 
  city ?
