  shopping mall ? 
  does it need to be connected to public transport ? 
  with the amount of information you gave me i can only say that jail is probably the best bang for your buck as you get something for free . 
  but you 'll chance that cubicle for another kind of cubicle, 
  well , that is rather stupid , so it is just ` we 'll help each other out if we feel like it ' - kind of alliance every attacking nation always has some excuse , so it is for to alliance to decide what is more convenient, 
   on the other hand there 's very little chance of turkey successfully invoking article v how do you mean ? 
  if it invokes article 5 , it invokes article 5 . with current politics i would n't be surprised it would find itself invaded by someone . 
  maybe not next year , but in the future, 
  yes and yes , it is beneficial turkey on the other hand , i do n't like our military fighting on their behalf . 
   the only two parties who like to see the aow ( litt : `` general old age pensions act '' , so the state pension ) age fixed at 65 are pvv and 50plus , with vnl advocating for 67 . 
  the rest are them are in favour of more flexibility , so i would n't call that leftish . 
  it is populist stuff , just because other leftist parties do n't advocate for it because they know it is not feasible does n't make it not leftish . 
  it is the government providing population assistance , pvv wants to expand it back to 65 , which seems leftish to me, 
   seeing as the anti-muslim anti-eu and anti-foreign policies are very much right and those are his main policies i think it goes right a lot . 
  quoting the guy you were responding to : `` he 's a populist and anti-immigration and anti-europe but some of ** his other ideas ** are more in the middle than you 'd expect from a far right party . '', 
  anti islam stuff ; anti foreign populist shit out of eu ; anti-eu binding referendum ; ` liberal ' ( quotation marks intentional ) no `` own risk '' ( what is the english word for it ? ), 
  insurance ; leftish lower rents ; leftish aow back to 65 ; leftish no foreign aid , subsidies for wind energy , art , innovation , public media ; rightish reverse care system ; leftish more police , military ; rightish lower incometax ; ( not sure , depends on how you do it ) half road tax ; rightish ( i think ) it seems more leftist than rightist to me, 
   long story short : america is very religious . 
  you have a lot of cultural christians there it is hard to tell in the netherlands , religion is a private matter , so it hardly comes up . 
  i think pretty much everyone, 
  i guess ; but it was n't learned like ` these are the borders of europe ' , more like , `` learn these countries '' i learned russia in those and that is also partially asia, 
  i still have potatoes , so potatoes with vegetables and some sort of meat . 
  still have to buy it though, 
  it is n't taught , they are vague concepts not good for many things, 
   not only is it not anywhere near eu membership lol , i 've never even considered it ; nato yes , but not eu . 
  lets try that one first before we go there . 
  yes , i even quoted it what part of what i wrote do you not understand ? 
  so you get the discount over the backs of the people that ca n't get or do n't want an creditcard, 
   in the us , most credit cards give you rewards - basically , you get a percentage ( usually 1-3 % ) of your money back , and/or get other perks like airline miles . 
  you are n't charged any interest if you pay off your balance each month , so there really are n't any drawbacks . 
  there is no such thing as free money , you are paying for that one way or another  additionally , you have slightly more protection from fraud , in the sense that the money is never actually gone , so you do n't need to wait to be refunded . 
  true , but it is easier to commit fraud with credit cards too, 
  why would you use money you do n't have to buy something instead of paying with the money you do have ? 
  why the extra step ? 
  it does n't make sense  does your country deal more with cash ? 
  almost without . 
  if you pay with your card it just checks your balance , if you can pay , it is deducted , if you ca n't the transaction is canceled . 
  no in between step dealing with credit  what do you think of credit ? 
  an unnecessary step, 
   bank who goes to the bank on a regular basis ? 
  do americans count their money every week ? 
  same reported here , just wondering what the motivations could be, 
  bagged milk ? 
  why were you even allowed in the eu ? 
  no wonder uk wants out now, 
  live under water damn it captain netherlands is aquaman, 
  brand ; pickwick flavour ; ` english ' blend , ` dutch ' blend , ` winter ' blend and the ` zomer ' ( summer ) and ` herfst ' ( autumn ) blends are also nice, 
   it 's not okay , in europeans eyes , to claim you somehow are that nationality . 
  it implies that you somehow have it by blood . 
  i think you nailed it there . 
  we identify by our cultures , not by our blood a german moving to the netherlands would be a german , his kids would be dutch, 
  i wouldnt have guessed that , maybe i have too many english steriotypes in my head, 
  well that is a first , a dutchman that cant see the difference between the dutch and luxemburg flag, 
  you are confusing universe with milkyway, 
   in your honest opinion , is this in itself enough to explain for belarus 's three-fold advantage in nominal gdp per capita over ukraine ? 
  i in no way know much about economics but if russia keeps an eye on where that money goes it certainly could greatly increase opportunities . 
  you could greatly increase infrastructure with that amount of money . 
   honestly , i think that kazakhstan could make a transition away from fossil fuels relatively well if it will have someone competent ( such as nazarbayev ) at the helm ; indeed , while i certainly generally do n't like dictators , i have to admit that i have a bit of a soft spot for nazarbayev . 
  the problem he is suggesting is n't switching from fossil fuels . 
  but finding another export source . 
  this does n't require the right person in power when it happens . 
  it requires the right person in power now ; infrastructure needs to be build and the beginnings of that source must be subsidized so that source has reason to build their business there . 
  i 'm not sure they are made anymore but the old ones still exist and remain their value , and is legal tender . 
  but shops are allowed to round up/down transaction to the closest 5c nobody uses them , me included , thus they have been there likely for months, 
  germany ; 3 total . 
  2x2e , 1x50c france ; 1 total . 
  1x1c dutch ; 1 total . 
  do you have a source on that , because i ca n't find it in his program i do n't think that is even possible by international law ( though true , he promises to break them now and then ), 
  turkey, 
   none of the countries would join if it meant giving up your nation the us did and if it were up to me , i would to but an european army does n't mean you stop being a country and secondly it does n't by definition mean countries wo n't have their own national armies . 
   its abit like getting invaded ? 
  it is about as close as getting invaded as selling something is a bit like getting robbed  im sure hitler wouldve also claimed that his army was to secure peace . 
  did hitler ask for permission from the countries he invaded ? 
   and why when we already have nato ? 
  you mean the alliance in which the biggest armies nation president candidate threatening to withdraw ? 
  you mean the alliance in which the 2nd biggest armies nation president seems to be creating a new dictatorship with unclear ambitions ? 
  you mean the alliance in which the 4th biggest armies nation is leaving the eu ? 
  why should we rely on our allies instead of creating strength ourselves ? 
   and i can tell u now that many people who founded the eu would strongly disagree with an eu armym found the american . 
  who gives a fuck about what the founders intended ? 
  it is about the current powers , not the old . 
  who are even the founders ? 
  the eu was created by nations , not individuals . 
  in that sense ; i 'm a founder, 
  i do n't know much about beers , but according to wiki eyerlander is an amber , and palm is n't, 
  texels eyerlander i like best also like gouverneur speciale 140, 
  why not just a roof ? 
  that is an accident waiting to happen with such a low profile, 
  [ as rotterdam is the center of the universe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tlp3ido.gifv ) why not make it center of europe to ? 
  ^ there it is, 
  is n't the next european election 2019 ? 
  you do n't feel home in a hotel , and it is more comfortable than a tent, 
  what i like most about the country i live in is it political system . 
  i think it one of the best around, 
   how is that different from a referendum with multiple options ? 
  the options are not dictated , anyone can put forth his own solution , and the options are dictated by the vote , not on what people think the vote will be and multiple options will give extreme grey area 's on what to do with the result , how do you combine the outcome to gain a majority ? 
   is such a one-issue election binding ? 
  i see some problems with it , so probably not  what if no party ( option ) gains more than 50 % , what happens ? 
  that is the whole idea of it , it would be strange if one solution did . 
  you do n't want 25 % a supporters of the country combined with another 25 % sort-off-a supporters ( because the solution they wanted is only half available ) forcing their will on the rest in a referendum .
