  let the 25 % a discuss with the 25 % sort-off-a , and the 25 % sort-off-b with the 25 % b and the 25 % sort-off-a with the 25 % sort-off-b these groups can then discuss what compromise has the largest support among all . 
  maybe a will win , maybe b , maybe something in between , maybe they chose to keep the status quo as a compromise  you 're not actually allocating any parliament seats or anything like that , so how does `` power on this issue '' work ? 
  pretty much a parliament , you could call it a committee , seat distribution is based on the vote , they discuss , they vote , and put forth a ` suggestion ' to actual parliament, 
   in a referendum , you get a clear view of the population 's stance on one issue . 
  what do they think on this issue ? 
  not what they think on this issue , except ignoring the party that they hate , and balancing it with taxation policy , and whatever . 
  why not a general election for only one issue ? 
  every party gives their opinion on the issue , you vote for your party . 
  the party does n't get general seats , only power on this one issue  in a referendum , you get a clear view of the population 's stance on one issue . 
  only if truly understand everything it means , and a referendum only makes it appear more simple than it is . 
  that is the job politicians ; interpreting contradicting stances of the population  then hopefully that is considered by the voters . 
  yeah , but you ca n't vote `` leave only after we can ensure a nuclear deal '', 
   general election is to determine whether a referendum is held why ? 
  why not just immediately tackle the issue ? 
  to vote on whether or not to vote makes no sense  the referendum , in the end , is to get an answer on a single question without anything else interfering . 
  but life does n't work that way ; everything else does interfere  in a general election , i have to balance them . 
  exactly , at a referendum those other issues do n't suddenly not exist anymore ; they are cut of forcefully even though those other things are still effected . 
  a referendum is to ignore everything else to tunnelvision on a few of the most important issues ignoring everything else . 
   for example , i will not vote for a party that wants to ban nuclear energy , even if i agree with them on other issues . 
  yet a vote for independence might influence the availability of nuclear fuel . 
   in a referendum , i can vote on exactly one issue ( that is hopefully important , i only want referendums for very major issues ) , without worrying about anything else . 
  that is not true , just because they forcefully cut away this issue from the rest does n't mean it does n't affect everything else  i say that i want the referendum held , and want the threshold to be set at 66 % and not 50 % , and that 's what i demand from the party i am voting for . 
  so your party failed , it was to small to obtain that demand , it is still 50 % threshold , you still want the same , do you vote yes or no in the referendum ? 
   i do n't see what you mean by compromise - there are votes where only two outcomes are possible . 
  if your vote is `` should we be independent '' , or `` should we join/leave the eu '' , or `` should we abolish the monarchy '' , or something like that , those are binary choices that are inevitably going to leave many people unhappy if the vote is close . 
  not true , you can have conditions ; do n't abolish the monarchy if they can cut expenses by 50 % for example . 
  if that is your stance , what do you vote to the question of abolishing the monarchy ? 
  yes or no ? 
  you still have n't explained the advantage of a referendum ? 
  the whole scotland story is about how a general election government did the negotiation ... what did the referendum add ? 
  why not a general election ? 
   there was a big document agreed upon between the uk and scottish governments that detailed the consequences of a `` yes '' vote , and that was the result of a long negotiation . 
  i do n't agree it was a bad referendum , it was pretty much perfect . 
  for a bad referendum , you have the brexit one - a referendum called by a government that did n't want it and was unprepared , and not the slightest bit of detail about what a `` leave '' vote would mean in detail . 
  and if the changed circumstances of the brexit vote mean scotland wants a new referendum , i see no problem with that . 
  again , this is n't a discussion about the difference between good and bad  for instance , the swedish referendum on nuclear power gave several options , which makes sense because nuclear power is n't necessarily a yes/no question , there can be nuances . 
  those nuances are still very limited , and the more options you include , the close you come to a general election , why not do a general election ? 
  ( because that includes maximum nuance )  the swedish referendum on nuclear power gave several options , which makes sense because nuclear power is n't necessarily a yes/no question , there can be nuances . 
  all votes have nuances , here another example using scotlands referendum as an example lets say you like an independent scotland , but more important to you is unity within the country ; you only want independence if there is a 66 % majority . 
  do you vote yes or no ? 
   this is inevitable , it is n't , there is a thing called compromise but secondly you ca n't change ( at least in my country ) the constitution with a mere 50 % of the vote ( otherwise a majority vote could immediately abolish the democracy ) , how is changing countries not a vote as heavy as an constitutional vote ? 
   secession , eu membership , ~ ~ presidential elections ( us/france style ) ~ ~ , whatever . 
  true but unfortunate . 
  * ( i crossed out presidential elections ( us/france style because they are bad for many of the same reasons referendums are bad , they are not unavoidable , they are just bad systems , as other countries show , they are avoidable ) * why a referendum over a general election ? 
  what advantage does a referendum have over a general electection ? 
  none . 
  ukip is an example on exactly why referendums are bad ; they ca n't win a normal election , yet win a referendum ... why ? 
  why did n't the general election represent the view of the public ? 
  it is because everything is cut off the issue to make it a yes/no question . 
  no one looks at the bigger picture , it becomes a tunnelvision on a few topics . 
  in normal politics , politicians can take several things into account , and have access to experts . 
  in an referendum no one can answer `` i want a , but only if we all get a funny hat '' . 
  so do you vote a and hope you get a hat later ? 
  or do you vote b because funny hats are n't included ? 
  your leading concerns are not clear as to whether the one side or the other side is best for you , though in reality there is one better than the other . 
   look at the scottish referendum for a perfect example of how a referendum should be handled . 
  i do n't deny there are good ways and bad ways to handle a referendum , that does n't make referendums themselves any better . 
  the scottish referendum is a perfect example of what is wrong with referendums ; membership of the eu is important to scotland , though it may not have been the leading issue , some people might have voted to remain in the uk to remain in the eu , but now uk voted out , they suddenly want a new vote . 
  several issues are convoluted into a single yes/no vote , and sometimes it is not clear which side you should vote to get what you want . 
   and your `` islamic rotterdam '' example is a poor one , as i said before , things get difficult when it 's hard to determine whether someone is a nation or not . 
  just as catalans clearly are a nation , a bunch of immigrants in a part of rotterdam clearly are not , and so self-determination does n't apply . 
  so it is n't about `` self-determination '' as much that ` nation-like ' areas have a right to determine what to do with themselves, 
  yes , what is wrong with it ? 
  voting might be more complicated , but that only shows that it is worse to compact political issues to a yes/no vote than restaurant choice, 
  i have culture , people ; i do n't know , we went with school , so we mainly had contact with guides and classmates buildings ; the historical ones were pretty , totally different architecture than i was used to . 
  cant remember the average building ; must have been normal , not wonderful or bad in particular ways , otherwise i would have remembered  history i know not that much other than it is has always been a focus in wars due to its strategic location . 
  has been a roman , christian and muslim city if i remember  the city itself in general ? 
  surprisingly dead in the evening/night , but maybe i was just in the wrong place, 
  if you are talking about the recent vote ; that was with an abysmal turnout , not reliable at all and there is still the problem with referendums ; i can ask a group to vote if they want to go to mcdonalds or burgerking , but that is n't democratic as i in asking the question exclude all other options, 
  what is the cut of point ? 
  if 51 % votes leave , does that mean 49 % suddenly lives in a different country ? 
  50 % seems a horrible cut off for such a vote . 
  but in here lies the problem , if you dont go for 50 % , and the cutoff is n't reached , but is over 50 % you only fuel those who want to leave , they 'll see it as justification , and it might encourage them to seek other means secondly referendums are democratically very flawed , as ( among other things ) it excludes all forms of compromise and reduces a complex issue into a yes/no question edit ; also there are other problems with ` self determination ' . 
  immigrants tend to seek each other out , can a district of rotterdam suddenly declare independence and create a ( for example ) islamic nation within the netherlands if they reach a majority in that district ? 
   about us ? 
  as individuals ? 
  as a culture ? 
  as countries ? 
  as a topographical placed group ? 
  as a religious subgroup ? 
  ww2 specific , or around that time ? 
  i do know the netherlands apologized for actions in indonesia around 1947 . 
  during the independence war dutch soldiers executed people without trails . 
  bumblebees generally are, 
  do you have time and a friend with a van ? 
  or a car big enough to fit 2m ^ 3 ? 
  ( i do n't know much about this stuff , but i think ) professional transport by truck/boat/plane will require your stuff to be tightly and securely packed in 1 or few big packages . 
  i do n't know how easy that is for you if you are moving * edit ; if you google `` international movers '' you can get estimates * also consider trowing stuff away and buying it new for big stuff like beds and refrigerators etc, 
  i might not agree with everything they say , but the libertarians ( compared to the democrats and republicans ) are often the most reasonable of all parties in the us, 
  i 'm actually against copyright ; i prefer it would be reduced to breedingrights with exception of gmo introduced stuff ; i agree that there a reduced period of copyright is the way to go , 10-15 years or something, 
   then show me , that gmos ( corn , rice , whatever else ) which are allready in commercial use are save . 
  i 'm not talking about crop species , but cultivars . 
  but i guess i can at least for potato and maize . 
  they do n't grow without cultivation they do n't have wild species in europe so we do n't need to worry about them exchanging genes with a wild species they are in consumption for years now , so we know they are save to eat . 
  am i missing something ? 
   how do you shield your limited regions against wind , bees , birds , other animals ( going of with seeds in their fur ) . 
  new world wild crop species could n't spread to europe the last 100 years ; they wo n't spread back either  what about the right of farmers to plant non gmos ? 
  they can plant nongmos, 
   you are telling me , that there is resarch but you don \u00b4 t have much of a clue about it - no problem with that , so do i , but how then can you be sure it is safe on every level ? 
  because i 've been taught on the subject , and the general objections made make no sense biologically  there are allready problems with corn diversity in mexico .
