   and we have freedom of speech , so it can be done without a problem or at a loss for society . 
  maybe it went well so far ( i do n't know your history ) , but that system is sentisive to the government labeling their opposition something just to prevent them from running . 
  yeah , i 'm saying i do n't like that , it is in my opinion in conflict with freedom of speech, 
  and they should n't be banned , because it is against freedom of speech, 
  yeah ... fighting with them and sending them weapons , suppies , that is a bad thing , is criminal and should be handled by police . 
  waving a flag is freedom of speech, 
   isis wishes to take by force . 
  taking by force is n't protected by freedom of speech, 
   go and walk with a neo-nazi flag , and see how well that goes for you . 
  just because i support a broad interpretation of freedom of speech does n't mean i support nazies or isis . 
  do n't be that polarizing asshole, 
  glad you learned something today , i did n't know it was unknown to the general public that isis had political idea 's they would love to implicate in society . 
  the difference with your average political group is that they use different methods of achieving their political goals . 
   a single anything is n't bad . 
  sure it is  but i can assure you if you have a lot of racist old dudes working together in an attempt to spread their ideology a bad thing will happen . 
  sure , and if you do away with freedom of speech worse things will happen , look at russia . 
  voicing your political allegiance should n't be a crime in a democracy , if it is , there is something very wrong with your democracy, 
  ofcourse we can , we 've tollerated racists for years ; every steet has that racist old dude , and tollerating them works just fine, 
  freedom of speech , it is a horrible thing / s, 
   makes me wonder why it is n't happening at a broader scale . 
  it is called freedom of speech , people tend to like it untill someone they do n't like , uses it . 
  i think the tatar area 's should hold a vote for independence, 
  why is he using the word ` tricked ' ? 
  the proper word is ` politics ', 
  is there even ( serious ) talk among scots of rigging ? 
  someone said something putin did n't like, 
  i did n't use the word terrorism , i was talking about perceived threat to our culture, 
  i have no idea what i 'm looking at, 
  i would go for friesland , they are more loyal than those others edit ; nvm , ' ** ex ** - colony ', 
  you wanted it so bad you requested to be ruled by a dutch king, 
  i would have supported this any other time . 
  but now we are buzy with russia , let 's deal with them first, 
  i do n't consider those east , they are more south east , and more south than east, 
  is to be expected if there are hardly any muslims in east europe, 
  it is because it about the only danger to our culture ( aside from ourselves ) . 
  the current crazy russia now also scares us a little , but for years the only thing we had to fear was the slow but steadly influx of muslims . 
  one part is xenophobia , one part is the fanatical subcultures islam brings with it . 
  strong religious confiction combined with a free to interpret holy book combined with little to no fear of death is rightfully to be feared . 
  there is something missing ; i do n't see the connection to my house, 
  not saying it will happen , but what i think should happen europe saying we prefer an economic war over an actual war . 
  they understand that will mean european casualties , but we will prefer those over actual casualties . 
  companies should take precautions to secure supply lines when russia will fall away, 
  time for ukraine to sue for holodomor, 
  ofcourse you do n't , that is the problem . 
  the beautiful country of finland , the forrests , the lakes , want to join mother russia , it is the damn people of finland that keep her oppressed . 
  they brutally defeated the rescue attempt of 1939 . 
  there are separate subreddits for that, 
  religions arise in cultures , so by definition there is already a culture before it is a religion . 
  christian culture already is quite different us compared to eu and latin america , africa , russia . 
  christianity is n't a culture , it is a religion that is spread over many cultures , influencing everyone differently . 
  did n't stalin deliberately starve ukraine ? 
  no , they are completely right in saying ;  `` a political solution is the only way out , sanctions do not help to solve the underlying problems in ukraine , '' however it is quite a double standard to say to europe ca n't punish russia for taking actions that are n't political either, 
   unless he chooses to use nukes , but in that case it wo n't be `` taking '' kiev , it will be leveling it and you do n't need 2 weeks for that , you can level a city with nukes in a minute . 
  kiev probably does n't have that big of troop accumulation , so nuke the troop accumulation points elsewhere in ukraine , drive to kiev , bomb it for a week and take it . 
  should be manageable in 2 weeks . 
   p.s. 
  i am sceptical of the source . 
  i doubt putin would admit such a thing to barroso and i doubt barroso would then disclose this . 
  i agree , maybe it is just made up , maybe it is just what barroso heard , or maybe it is actually what putin said , i think all tree are not unlikely, 
   `` if i want , i 'll take kiev in two weeks '' nobody doubts that , that is the whole point , we 'll make sure putin does n't want to, 
  no , i worry we can not tell the us ` no ' in foreign politics because we rely to much on the us , we 've become to much of an american puppet . 
  for example us devotion to israel might pull us in a regional war in the next 50 years that large parts of europe do n't want , if things happen the way i think it will happen . 
   and not intervene with non-nato members . 
  why ; america ( and any country ) has intrests outside their alliances , just because you are in an alliance does n't mean you should ignore the rest of the world . 
  not that that i agree with the role america has taken last decenia but i do n't think we should expect a country not to mess with affairs that interest them . 
   without russian soldiers there would n't have been an uprising . 
  they do n't suddenly create unsatisfaction where there was none ; they might have rallied them , but the sentimend was already there . 
   surely they can get some kind of autonomy , that 's reasonable . 
  fuel on a fire ; give them more autonomy and they will feel less and less ukrainian . 
  a fine solution short term , bad long term . 
    and winning is ( close to ) impossible against russia . 
   do n't believe the hype . 
  russian army is way more advanced than ukraine and has more troops and weapons , we might give ukraine weapons but they lack experience with them . 
  if they had a year , sure they might train enough to use them effectively ; they do n't have a year  peace in our time ? 
  russia shows no signs of stopping after we ignored the georgian and abchazian crisis . 
  sure they might continue , but not at the cost of nato, 
   i think that the best we can do is to help secure eastern ukraine to what purpose ? 
  the problem wo n't go away when they win , and winning is ( close to ) impossible against russia . 
  we might as well give up now and save some lifes, 
   they never offered the option to do that . 
  ofcourse they did n't offer it , they want it by force . 
  but if ukraine offered supported by nato with the threat of sanctions , that might have been an option, 
   it 's always possible . 
  yes , they 'll accept the gift now , but that hardly is a deal , they wo n't pay for it , no way . 
   i agree that a month ago we should have moved to secure the area when the plane was shot , in the interest protecting international travelers if nothing else . 
  that is a whole different issue , and hardly relevant ; it 's pretty clear what happened , rebels shot the plane down . 
  bodies we 'll get back no matter who is in charge . 
  when i said deal , i mean what whould happen to the area 's with a lot of ethnic russians ; 1 month ago , it could be sold maybe , or at least made the area as little as possible , now russia will just take it . 
  exactly , it is to late now , russia will get what they want with force . 
  a month ago it was possible , now it is n't, 
  personally , i think aid might be a dangerous thing . 
  you can not win against russia no matter how much you get from us . 
  but any help will make you stronger and fight longer . 
  us supplying you would , i think , not change the outcome but increase the damage to both sides and cost us a lot of money . 
  we have a lot to lose , little to gain . 
  ukraine is no nato . 
  at best we retain the east , but what then ? 
  have this same problem again in 10 years ? 
  a diplomatic solution was needed , maybe sell the land with 70 + % ethnic russians to russia . 
  why should we fight , why sacrifice eu troops to keep some russians in ukraine ?
