  leave or stay ? 
   ` blocked brexit ' lol, 
  is this satire ? 
  how do you mean `` how do you mean ? '' ? 
  i think my comment is pretty self explanatory with all the power erdogan already pulled to himself it is not strange at all that part of the military needed to act before they got purged and nobody would be left to oppose erdogan, 
  i agree , an coup is perfectly in line with events ; all powergraps before , on journalists and judges . 
  lists for new purges ready to go . 
  if i were an general , i would plan a coup to, 
  must be some kind of record ; how many weeks was it since the last purge ? 
  you are slacking erdogan, 
  go ahead , then just buy it from them . 
  probably pretty cheap because it has a useless building on it that you ca n't use for anything else, 
  property owners like to stuff with things they own , they are not a charity, 
  it might be unlivable right now , if renovation it too expensive , yes demolishing makes sense ; use the ground for something that can be used, 
  video of event ; nsfw for obvious reasons [ nsfw ] ( https://streamable.com/5dna ), 
   that the reason why erdogan bashes the treaty of lausanne is because he wants to enforce this kind of belief that in the ottoman era we were all driving the latest bmw 's and fucking atleast 5 hot slavic chicks , things we all lost by creating the republic , in other words : he tries to attack atat\u00fcrk indirectly . 
  so he tries to make people want back the ottoman era ; based on empire ... how is this not concerning for greeks ? 
  herring sandwich hutspot ( carrot stew ) erwtensoep ( split pea soup ), 
  your liver has a heart ? 
  you might want to consult a doctor, 
  but did n't some company build those big mirror boiler towers ? 
  those look awesome have n't they build more ? 
  how can spain not lead in solar power ? 
  i do n't know much about spain but i know it has loads of sun an loads of room to put them, 
  https://southfront.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/euuh0xx.jpg that is simply not true , here a picture of earlier this year ; army base surrounding areas are contested . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deir_ez-zor#syrian_civil_war and according to the wiki there were concerns about the slaughter of civilians 17 january of this year . 
   and then , less than one hour isis comes and takes the area . 
  they are fighting for that same piece of land for years . 
  what preparation would isis need to fill in the positions of heavily bombed positions ? 
  they would see the saa be bombed and move out when it lifted i do n't see how this suggests they knew this bombing would happen, 
   they can hardly deny when there 's evidence that they answered the phone . 
  i 'm not asking that ; you say they planned this attack knowing they were assad ; why would they pick up the phone the first time ? 
  and not just cause a ` technical problem ' ? 
   regardless , i can not comment on the intentions of powerful people behind the scene , i was n't there , i do n't know them . 
  you 've done so multiple times this discussion  the us does n't want to destroy isis i 'm not buying that , why would n't they want to ? 
  why have they been bombing them for months ? 
   this might have been the reason they actually did it , because the ceasefire was created together with the russians who recently decided to up their game , what do you think it looks like when the us is bombing the crap out of yet another country with no positive effect whatsoever , and the russians step in and there 's suddenly a ceasefire ? 
  this would show the world the russians have way more power in what the public actually wants , peace . 
  then why propose one ? 
  why agree to one ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  just tell the rebels to break the ceasefire . 
  or you know , just wait another week . 
  there had been multiple violations already , it was going to break down anyway and really , how does this make the us look better ? 
  you say the us did n't want the give the russians the credit for the ceasefire , but they got that credit the moment it started , it breaking down has the russians only looking better . 
  your hypothesis make no sense  they might not have known no , but if they could have recognized flags or equipment they would call the plan off ; they would be a liability to the plan  although they easily could 've as well yes , so my question stands  how do you think they could not admit it ? 
  technical difficulties , stop the moment the russians call most damage has been done anyway . 
  mistake in navigation , user error . 
  whatever why give the details they did, 
   deliberately i must have missed that , can you quote the source ? 
  let me give you a list why i 'm not buying any of that ; 1 . why would they admit to picking up the phone the first time if they wanted to ignore the russians ? 
  why not simply create a technical problem ? 
  2 . what does the us have to gain by bombing assad troops that are fighting isis ; that helps isis and does n't help the rebels 3 . why would they endanger the ceasefire that was very needed by the rebels as assad is winning on most fronts . 
  4 . why would the continued bombing be worth the fallout ? 
  just bomb and then retreat the moment they get word from the russians , the sustained bombing is not worth what would achieve relatively a whole lot less 5 . why use foreign planes ? 
  the more countries you involve the more can go wrong 6 . why admit to any of it ? 
  that is not what your source says that is your own interpretation of something you have no knowledge of . 
  so your previous comment was wrong  even after repeated warnings from the russians they carried on . 
  your source says there was miscommunication and that after the second call the strikes were stopped . 
  so there were no ` repeated warnings ' and they did not ` carried on ', 
  source ? 
  nobody denies it was a deliberate strike involving several countries the mistake supposedly was that they thought they were bombing isis friendly fire happens all the time in war ; is it really that strange it happens when the 2 parties do n't communicate directly, 
    but if it thinks we 'll take such action laying down , it 's got a nasty surprise . 
  there 's plenty of domestic policies we can enact that can hurt the eu . 
  if that 's the way they want to go , then so be it . 
  you can but that will break down the fta you 'll get  just seems utterly pointless . 
  it has a point : saving/securing the eu . 
  the uk put the eu in a pickle ( is that the phrase ? 
  ) , the eu has to be careful the uk does n't cause the ship to sink by leaving it . 
  do n't think the eu has to do this to spite the uk . 
  it has to do this to save itself a stronger economy together is what it stands for ; it can not survive countries leaving and becoming better of ( or even appearing they do so ) . 
  it will break the only cohesion it has, 
   but if the eu is n't even giving us the kind of trade deal opportunities it 's giving canada well that is entitled . 
  why do you think you deserve ` at least the same deal ' ? 
  is there somehow a rule that every country needs to have the same ftas with everyone else ? 
  or is the uk somehow special and entitled to the best deals with the eu ? 
  do we sabotage russia because we do n't give it the same deals as canada ? 
  do we sabotage angola because we do n't give it the same deals as canada ? 
  eu has nothing to lose with canada , it does with uk . 
  you 'll get an fta , just not a great one if the eu is smart we are not sinking your tradeships , we are not stealing your companies secrets , we are not putting up a naval blockade or burning down your factories ; it is not sabotage the leave campaign made the situation even worse ; they presented that leaving eu would bring a better economy ; against everything what the eu stands for ( a better economy together ) . 
  the leave campaign could have just argued that leaving is bad for the economy but uk needs its ` freedom ' . 
  but now the eu has to prove itself, 
  fortunately ; the default , no deal , is exactly that : sacrificed economics for political gains . 
  all they have to do is not give the uk too much, 
   if they purposely attempt to sabotage us , and it does n't work , then the eu just ends up seeming even more pointless . 
  if it does n't work that would n't mean the eu seems useless . 
  that would mean the eu is useless . 
  and i do n't really think it is sabotage . 
  uk voted to do what uk thought was best for uk . 
  eu will do what is best for eu . 
  uk put the eu with its back against the wall , it does n't have much choice . 
  it is not sabotage it is choosing politics over economy . 
  if the uk was stupid enough not to consider politics in their choice , that is on them . 
  for obvious reasons the eu no longer cares what is best for the uk . 
  but do n't get me wrong , a strong uk is good for the eu . 
  the eu simply ca n't allow the uk come out stronger ( or just as strong ) than it was in the eu as it would defeat the whole purpose of the eu . 
  the eu will try to achieve the best balance : a stable uk that is just a little less well of than it was before . 
  the eu ca n't allow the uk to go the norway way ; it would change nothing , it would practically mean the uk is still in the eu just without the votes . 
  the average eu citizen will not see that , they 'll see the uk doing fine after leaving , wondering why they should stay in the eu . 
  the eu needs a clear sign that leaving the eu is bad .
