  the problem described is not about diversity , it is about agriculture genes mixing with wild maize . 
  if this happens , this will happen regardless whether or not gmos are used ; the only difference is that it is possible the gmo sequences will also transfer . 
   about fighting human diseases - heroin for example was advertised as cough suppressant . 
  what has that to do with anything ? 
   i brought up nuclear safety because it \u00b4 s the same with radioactivity , when it is out in the wild we aren \u00b4 t able to get it back . 
  just like all agriculture , why the double standard ? 
   i see the benfits regarding food scarcity , but i think as long as we are not sure about all effects on the food chain we should keep it as it is . 
  you keep grouping all gmos together ; i could have told you that if you plant gmo maize next to a wild one they are going to exchange genetic material . 
  that is why you need to look case by case . 
  europe does n't have wild potato ; we do n't have to fear it crossbreeding here . 
  it is impossible to say `` all gmos are save '' , because there are infinite possibilities . 
  to ask for `` all gmos are save '' is like me asking you to confirm all muslims are save ( or all christians ) . 
  there are individuals ( cultivars , gmo cultivars , muslims and christians ) that can cause problems why not test them one by one ? 
  why must all gmo 's be shown to be okay before you allow one ? 
  if i wanted i could create a gmo that is harmful yes , so it is impossible to ever to come to the conclusion all gmos are save . 
  so to is it possible to create a nongmo that can do the same . 
  do you also want to ban all nongmos because it is possible that one might not be save ? 
  it is an unreasonable request . 
  what would be reasonable is to ask individual gmo cultivars to be tested , and maybe limit the regions in which you cultivate them if you worry about crossing with wildtypes . 
  http://science.sciencemag.org/content/299/5608/900 http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/abs/10.1146/annurev.ento.50.071803.130352 http://bioscience.oxfordjournals.org/content/51/5/353.short http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0273230000914260 http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/abs/10.1146/annurev-ento-120709-144810 this is just the top results on 1 search term ; do you understand i ca n't make general statements about the literature ; it will be a full time job to dive into the literature . 
   then there is no way to contain those gmo crops yes there is ; agriculture plants with a few exceptions do n't grow without cultivation . 
  gmos are not miracle methods ( in the far far future maybe if we can make artificial proteins ) ; they ca n't suddenly out compete wild plants  which leads to lower diversity for this particular crop ... this is allready happening . 
  this has nothing to do with gmos ; that is because the industrialization , it is happening because of how we farm . 
  we trade crop diversity for higher yields and better marges the large companies realize the value of diversity ; they have their own seed banks  imo with the speed of breeding and spreading . 
  why would the speed matter ? 
  i can understand you might not want to pass a certain level , but i do n't see a problem with the speed of it . 
  i come back to the double standard ; normal breeding can do the same things ( for now ) , yet no one thinks that is a problem  you wrote that some species maybe go extinct , this isn \u00b4 t a good thing . 
  why not ? 
  must we maintain human diseases to ? 
  biodiversity has its value but not at the cost of harvest insecurity . 
  must we keep the risk of people starving because we do n't want to kill a bug ? 
  if an insect is only able to prey on an agriculture crop and ca n't exist on wild species ; what use does it have ? 
   it \u00b4 s like discussing nuclear safty . 
  sure it \u00b4 s almost save ... why do you compare it to nuclear safety ? 
   and whats the outcome of that resarch about certain insects on specific gmos ? 
  you want all of them ? 
  you are requesting a whole literature project  i would think that these insects are ` more powerful ' and because of that more likely to be more harmful to non gmo crops . 
  why ? 
   insects develop new opportunities to harm stronger crops , than you have to design a new gmo crop ... that is n't that simple , insects will adapt , sure . 
  but how will they ? 
  they can adapt by neutralizing the defense , they could adapt by switching host , and they can fail to adapt and go extinct . 
  and i do n't see a reason why they would be stronger , they 'll try to adapt , but there is no reason to think they become even more efficient , any defense usually takes energy thirdly , we can combine several defenses , making it harder to break ( just like they do with antibiotics ) , and , though we are not there yet , in the future we 'll be able to make artificial ( human made ) defenses that will be even harder/impossible to break ( just like cellulose is almost impossible to break for organisms even though it is a very simple sugar structure )  isn \u00b4 t this a vicious circle ? 
  and even if it is true ; it is a fight you want to fight instead of giving up . 
  why do you think people bothered to breed crops at all ? 
   what do you think about harmful insects adjusting over time to gmos ? 
  i 'm sure they will ; but with gmos you need less time to react to such adaptations . 
   are they maybe more harmful to non gmo crops ? 
  not unless the particular gmo crop is designed to counter the harmful insects  is there any resarch on that topic ? 
  again gmo as a group does n't make much sense , so i do n't think there will be research on harmful insects vs gmos in general . 
  but there is research on certain harmful insects on specific gmos ( as there are gmo specifically designed to counter herbivore insects ), 
   i have my concerns about gmos and i have expressed why i have them ... . . 
  i don \u00b4 t need to be a scientist or have an bio bachelor to keep my point of view i understand , i 'm trying to change your mind . 
  because so many people have misconceptions about gmos they are pretty much impossible to advance . 
  i would love you 'd change your mind so we can move forward with them  as long as i \u00b4 m not the only living person who has concerns about them . 
  you can have all the concerns you want even if you were the only one, 
   with the crops . 
  not `` the '' crops , some bees might be in contact with specific crops ; so it is useless to be opposed to grain ( a wind pollenator ) gmo 's if bees only interact with apple trees . 
   and you stated that you can \u00b4 t prove that there is no influence on any insects . 
  that is something that has to be looked case by case basis ; it is ridiculous to ban all gmo 's because you ca n't be sure if one or two is damaging . 
  the same is true for normal breeding ; they to can be damaging to bees , but nobody worries about that ; nobody says ` lets ban all cultivars because we are not sure if the new one is dangerous ' there is a double standard , normal crops get a free pas , even though they can be just as dangerous ( more dangerous even as you do n't know what you are doing when breeding them opposed to gmos ) do n't group all gmo 's as ` gmos ' : there is no magical gmo protein that all gmos have in common , the only difference it the dna code , and not a dna code that is similar in all gmos . 
  to look at gmos as a whole is ridiculous , it is like banning all fruit because you ca n't be sure if one apple is rotten . 
  look at every gmo seperately , is it harmful to bees ? 
  is it harmful to soil toxicity ? 
  they should do that with every cultivar , not just gmo , and gmo does n't need some special rules . 
  it can be as dangerous as any other plant . 
   and you stated that you can \u00b4 t prove that there is no influence on any insects . 
  can you prove there is no influence on any insects of the new tire model ? 
  do you ban all tires because the new model tire has n't been tested on harmfulness on bees ? 
   you are not able to disprove my argument . 
  your argument is ridiculous , you want 100 % security for this one thing , but do n't care if michelin introduces a new tire . 
  and your grouping of all gmos together in one group does n't make sense either , as they have nothing in common, 
  not everyone , just you , because you ca n't explain your arguments, 
  bees are important , that is why any product that kills them is being banned by the government ; no company will make a gmo that kills bees unless they want to waste their money . 
  and no farmer will buy it as they need the bees themselves * edit : in fact using gmos allows companies to better control what changes , not just change at random . 
  in classical breeding you have to mix genepools and check if the thing you want is in it , in the meanwhile a lot of other things could have been changed , in gmos you change only the one thing you want to change *  formerly breeded crops weren \u00b4 t deployed on vast areas in such a small amount of time yes they are , every time a new product is created farmers will buy it if they think it is better . 
  gmo 's do n't increase that . 
  new variaties will come every few years , with or without gmo  evolution isn \u00b4 t that fast . 
  1 . evolution can be that fast , why do you think we have such problems with eradicating diseases 2 . as i explained on a local level it still changes 1 year on the other , gmos do n't change that 3 . it all assumes it actually is harmful , which companies do do tests for as they do n't want their name soiled  but i see that you are not willing to accept any argument against gmos . 
  you have n't given me one ; you still have n't explained how aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbb is different from aaaaccccccccccccccc you show to not know how evolution works i have a bachelor in biology , i 'm studying plant breeding . 
  i know what i 'm talking about . 
  if you want to convince me you need to know your stuff, 
   adjusting the crops by gmo is very fast compared to breeding . 
  what are talking about ? 
  yes , development takes years less , but how does that give animals ability to adapt ? 
  let say old crop is a , new crop is b , and new gmo crop is c how is there difference between aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbb and aaaaccccccccccccccc in both cases the crop changes in one year . 
  having more years of a does n't give them any more time to adapt to a crop they have n't met before  not sure about your other claim can you provide any source that there are no useful insects which eat some of the crops ? 
  source , that would be quite hard , as it would require proving a negative i use common sense , an insect that eats plants harms it , and there are very few omnivore insects ( so few i ca n't think of one ) except pollen eaters like bees ; they eat pollen and could be harmed by the plant by eating it ; but then again , such a gmo would never make it on the market because it would kill the bees it needs . 
  you only use gmos if you actually make a product that is better ; if you have a bad product , nobody is going to buy it, 
   because it \u00b4 s happening to fast , vast areas are affected . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what is happening fast ? 
   there are also useful insects which are wanted and needed . 
  sure but they do n't eat the crops, 
   they are not proven harmless yet , so i wo n't eat them . 
  neither have all other crops , the maize you eat today is a different one from 40 years ago  in europe something has to be proven not harmfully before using/selling/etc not really ; new crops are put on the market each year, 
  but that regulation should be in developing countries, 
   because it maybe affects insects and animals why would it affect insects and animals more than regular breeding ? 
  and we want strong effects ; we want them be protected against those pests  they are a very important part of the food chain and may struggle with adopting that fast . 
  generally we do n't want them in argiculture areas if they affect the crop, 
  this kind of question you ask the distributor of the license , not some random people on the internet,
