  sinterklaas is a caricature of a specific white person . 
  other than them being black and being the ` knecht ' there is nothing about them that compares to slavery . 
  i think the notion that pretending to black is a bad thing , might acutally be racist , like there is something wrong with being black . 
  but pretending to be black , i just ca n't see what is wrong with that . 
   the fact that you ca n't go outside or switch on the tv / radio for three weeks and be confronted with that nation-wide denial makes some people feel like lesser human beings . 
  so if someone makes a connection with something in history everybody else has to stop doing what they do , eventhough nobody thinks it actually has anything to do with it ? 
  let say someone drinks themselves to death during carnaval during an ` ontgroening ' ( hazing ) , the mother moves to another village and demands that they no longer celebrate carnaval because it brings back bad memories ? 
  why would her feelings overrule the fun of the village ? 
  they did n't cause her sons death ... 
  really ? 
  i would n't expect that i have no militairy experience , but does n't that leave tanks open for artilery fire and entrenched guns ? 
  especially now with guided missiles outranging them i do n't think open fields are that good tank country, 
  we were n't discussing if it was good tank country , we were discussing if maximum range could be utilized due to trees , hills and such, 
  what i 've seen of the ukraine conflict so far there are a lot of trees, 
   and ied 's are not very dangerous for any mbt . 
  is that true ? ... i mean the amount of explosive can be increased depending on the target, 
   none of the main cannons of modern tanks are capable of penetrating its armour . 
  the challenger 2 and abrams literally just pound each other without getting anywhere in proving . 
  i think the main threats of tanks are rpgs , ieds and guided missiles  also the challenger 2 has the longest range kill in history . 
  speed is n't as important when you can just kill the fucker flying towards you . 
  providing you have a clear field of view , usefull in the middle east ... but anywhere else ? 
  and you are talking about the record , i rather see actual effective range statistics, 
  [ the dutch night sky lights ] ( http://www.platformlichthinder.nl/wp-content/themes/jeroentheme20augustus/images/kas02.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ ^ though ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ has ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ slightly ^ ^ ^ ^ different ^ ^ ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://www.platformlichthinder.nl/wp-content/themes/jeroentheme20augustus/images/opening-glastuinbouw.jpg ), 
  people used umbrella 's to prevent attacks, 
  food mainly, 
  this is not an either-or situation , you can have both , russia has more than a 1 submarine, 
   minimum depth i think you mean maximum . 
  maybe you are right then , but there might be other ways to supply them , who knows . 
  why would n't russia have nuke subs there ? 
  they will for political reasons , tactical it will be redundant, 
  that is what you know about what is in harbor , just like american subs can stay underwater for months ( years ? 
  ) , no doubt so can the russian ones, 
  til russia lets everybody know where their nuclear submarines and nuclear weapons are . 
  with nuclear subs in the black sea , moving it to crimea will make it further away ( from everything except crimea ) , it will even be further away from ukraine ( because crimea is practically an island inside the black sea ), 
  no doubt you want them as close as possible , but ; http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ynzg5/russia_says_has_right_to_deploy_nuclear_weapons/cpbcf10, 
  this is not about how much you do , but how much of your goal you have reached , there is no excuse there , our goals took into account what was achievable for the netherlands, 
  you ca n't blame us , those wind turbines are ugly , it will mess up our beautiful industrialized farming landscape and interupt the lines of industry at the horizon . 
   it does matter , to an extent . 
  the idea is that the closer you are to your potential target , the less chance there is for a response . 
  there are submarines with nuclear weapons in the black sea and at the coast of sweden , if they move them to crimea they only go further away . 
  like the few 100km matters , no doubt russia has world coverage of nuke range whether they have crimea or not, 
  indeed , more european history in school , european games , european holidays , do that for a few decades before forcing everything together, 
  i 'm not sure how well it is for cohesion if you pay the one soldier different from the other when they fight in the same army . 
  i expect a lot more understanding if it is clear they are different armies, 
  yes , but this is literally an army of people , no way we can pay it to dutch living standards ( many european countries are already cutting their defence budgets below agreed to ) . 
  secondly , they ( intitution people ) mostly live in brussels ( right ? 
  i 'm guessing ) so their living expences would be on same level regardless , not so for the army . 
  if we ca n't pay it to dutch living standards this will mean dutch nationals will be under represented in the army , even if we could pay to dutch living standards this would mean the dutch would be underrepresented ; because relatively it would be a huge salary by eastern standards and way more appealing ( though , probably , we could force equal representation , every country sends a proportional number of troops ), 
  economic differences are probably smaller within the states edit ; also new yorkers are likely less worried to put their defence in the hands of texans , than i 'm about giving it to poles . 
  nothing against poles , but we do not yet have the cohesion of a single country like the us and have still many different cultures . 
  is there anything in there about how we are supposed to pay these soldiers ? 
  do we pay dutch nationals more than polish nationals or do we pay these soldiers so little that no dutch soldier would be able to own a house in the netherlands ? 
  and if you adjust your angle just a few degrees , you are fine, 
  they were your own words , you could have responded to my arguments , yet you chose to ignore them and just respond to my claim thinking it somehow contradicts, 
   even if there is one , it 's likely that the person does n't have the same thoughts on pretty much every subject . 
  of course not , democracy has his downsides , you have to compromise . 
  i vote for d66 , but i do n't want a chosen mayor or a chosen president . 
   do you really think there 's someone genuine from all the party leaders ? 
  you are saying no good and honest ( wo ) men makes it into politics ? 
  to me that just seems unlikely ( unless somehow the system is broken ) . 
  i think most of dutch politicians are genuine , or at least genuine to a degree , what i think more likely is the case they see a bigger picture , they strife for the goals they give , but know they 'll have to compromise to other parties or even compromise to their own other goals ( because even within a party goals can conflict ), 
  yes you ignore all the explanation that comes after how it skews to pols , how outcomes are unclear , how the average person is susceptible to false information ignore that and sure it seems contradictionary . 
  read what you want to read , ignore the rest , and you 'll never be wrong, 
  then you vote for someone else that does he promises , it is your own responsibility to vote for someone trustworthy, 
   that 's making a mockery of democratic process . 
  imo the whole referendum is undemocratic . 
  what exactly is in the document many if not most people do not know , what it will mean in practice , even less people will know , and not to their fault ; this is stuff that should be decided by people that have more time and access to professionals . 
  politicians might be far from perfect , but the general population is worse and very susceptible to coloured or wrong information secondly ; if there are more referendums a year , interest will drop even more than it has now . 
  the questions will be kept vague and people will study the subject less and less and not go to vote , except the party that has something to gain and then there is the vagueness of the outcome ; lets assume the question `` minimum pay should be 10 euro an hour '' . 
  if the answer is ` no ' what does that mean ? 
  should it be 9 ? 
  no minimum at all ? 
  and what does yes mean ? 
  does it mean ' 10 ' or does it mean '10 is better than we had now so i vote yes , but rather had 12 ', 
  i assume the error is for preliminary counting errors , which would mean ( i think ) they would not be sample size dependent . 
  everyone is a centrist compared to these guys, 
  if you are calm you could eliminate motives : he allowed the plane to land so he was n't out to kill the maximum amount of people me might demand a prisoner exchange , but that went out the window the moment he let all but 6 go , for no gains ; his goals must have been achievable with 6 hostages and he wanted good faith with negotiators . 
  what is left ? 
  i can only think of personal reasons , and personal reason more often than not require being alive, 
  great , a whole week . 
  without additional information this seems hardly relevant , i doubt one organizes and conducts an intelligence operation in six days unless and there are already clear signs that they plan something, 
  i 'm guessing that only works if they use the normal frequencies to control the drone ; if they were to use mobile frequencies you ca n't use the jammers unless you are willing to interfere with all mobile traffic in the area, 
  it did n't work , but it did n't cause a war, 
  it being a dictatorship or not does n't make the country itself illegitimate , there are loads of dictatorships out there you avoided the questions 1 . there is no reason to not call palestine a country ; they have land , they have a government , they call themselves a country , the majority of their land is n't claimed by a other country . 
  why is n't palestine a country ? 
  2 . if palestine is n't a country what is gaza and the west bank ? 
  no man 's land ? 
  if it is no man 's land why object to palestinians claiming it as their county ? 
  you could call it all israel , but then israel has two choices , ethnically cleanse it or give all palestinians voting ballets in the next election , bumping the muslim share of israel up to 50 %, 
  you can look at it that way , but you can also look at it objectively ; there is no reason to not call palestine a country ; they have land , they have a government , they call themselves a country , the majority of their land is n't claimed by a other country . 
  why is n't palestine a country ? 
  if palestine is n't a country what is gaza and the west bank ? 
  no man 's land ? 
  if it is no man 's land why object to palestinians claiming it as their county ? 
  you could call it all israel , but then israel has two choices , ethnically cleanse it or give all palestinians voting ballets in the next election , bumping the muslim share of israel up to 50 %, 
  no it would n't , there are 4.5 m palastinians and currently there are 20 % muslims in israel . 
  0.2 x8 .5 +4.5 is slightly less than 0.8 x8 .5 rounded it is 50-50, 
  are you saying gaza and west bank is no man 's land ? 
  or is it israel ? 
  because if it is israel next israel election will have 50-50 jews and muslims,
