  shields are there to take blows , if you suggest they needed them , then apperently you expected them to be punching bags . 
  i would n't suggest they need guns during a demonstration . 
  for example ; if i suggested they needed a tank in this demonstration , you would assume that i intended a use for that tank . 
  same with the shields ; shield were suggested to be necessary , so i assume the writer or that suggests they needed to be used ; how are shields used ? 
  they take blows ( like a punching bag ) , i do n't see a use for shields other than to take blows and protect the police . 
  your gun anology does n't work because we are not talking about general use items ( that might have some use in specific situations ) , we are talking about what equipment should be used at this very moment . 
   if people attack police officers they are charged with a crime . 
  that is not always possible in protests  it is n't shocking that protesters do n't want to protest where it affects no one . 
  it should n't affect anyone that is n't part of the protest ; protests are not there to cause problems ; it is to put the opinion of the protesters in the public square . 
  people need to go to work or home ( whatever ) , why should they suffer because somebody else does n't agree with something . 
  well apperently they did n't have shields ( maybe because there were only 200 people ) they had to work with what they had . 
   people should also be allowed to protest . 
  nobody claims they should n't , they just were n't allowed into that street . 
  they failed to listen to the police orders . 
  i do n't believe the police just started beating them because they like it . 
   police that are issued guns are expected to shoot people regularly ? 
  i do n't see how this has anything to do with discussed . 
  this is n't a discussion on what they should carry , but what they should use . 
  bs , protests are there to spread your message on the public square . 
  i have worked for monsanto ; if protesters have the right to block others from doing their job ; 5 people could chain themselves each 1 day a week to the monsanto fence and 1000 + employees would be out of work . 
   officers with shields if shields were necessary then they are expected to be punching bags, 
  explain ? 
  protesters should have all the rights ? 
  they just should be able to block anyone from doing their jobs ? 
  nothing that happened interfers with the correct workings of democracy, 
   not wade straight into the crowd there is a minute of footage , i do n't even know how you can come to that conclusion . 
  this could have been dozens of minutes of protesters ignoring orders . 
   a bunch of well armoured and trained officers with shields are not going to be in danger from a bunch of anaemic hippies . 
  officers are not punching bags for protesters to live out their anger, 
  yes they used batons , not guns what should they have used ? 
  protests always can turn violent , police job is to be prepared ; they must be armed to deal with hypothetical scenarios protesters should not go where police forbit them to go . 
  if police forbit you to go somewhere where you should have the right to go , you sue them and ridicule them in media . 
  you do n't ignore their commands, 
   riot squad officers were filmed using batons to beat protesters who were armed with no more than banners . 
  why are the less well armed people always the ` victim ' ? 
  they ignored the orders of police ... what did they expect ? 
  i do n't see the problem with zwarte piet ; he is an athletic guy ( did parkour before it was cool ) , that brings candy and presents to children . 
  the only thing is that they work for a white guy , except for that it is the best steriotype ever . 
  but nobody actually think them as black because the are blacker than 95 % of all black people and they wear destinct clothing . 
  nobody i have ever known connects it to slavery ; all it is , is that apperently to some it reminds them ( non-children ) of slavery . 
  on this issue , he is just being realistic ; there is no way we 'll get crimea back short of war , and it is n't worth war . 
  the only reason we do n't accept the annexation is because we want a polical bargaining chip . 
   carbon dioxide is an odourless , colourless , harmless natural gas . 
  it is plant food . 
  without carbon , there would be no life on earth . 
  no expert in the field will suggest any of this is relevant, 
  yeah that was option 2 still clean energy sources are prefered , at least by me, 
  i do n't really mean politically , more like economically . 
  ( lets assume the rest stays together ), 
  i do n't really see what the alternative would be ; 1 . give the extra tax to the industry , industry loses interest in germany , huge costs to the consumer 2 . drop the tax entirely ? 
  that makes it fair aswell , but is it desired ? 
  have there been articles on what would happen to the rest of spain would catalan go independent ? 
  especially now after spain had such huge difficulties because of 2008 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that if you make a beer connection with the checz , the beer will flow out of belgium instead of in, 
  why ? 
  it 's not like you can stop a 2/3 majority anyway ... if 2/3 wants something else than a democracy , they 'll get it either by democracy or by violence . 
  and what use is a democracy if the majority does n't get what it wants ? 
   of course but the ones who truly believe in what they stand for , and most people just do n't care enough to support something if it is illegal . 
  if people do n't care that much than they wo n't support a party that will abolish democracy anyway, 
  political parties make the rules on which judges judge , it is n't that separated as you might hope . 
  banning a party wo n't make them less popular , you 'll just make them the oppressed minority , you 'll only harden their resolve to fight, 
   we live in a democracy , look at the cda for example : they fucked up and got punished for it . 
  changing it when we need it will be to late . 
  if parties are getting banned for no good reason ; good luck making a party that takes power away from the party banning other parties . 
  1 . yeah i hate them to , that does n't mean their rights do n't apply 2 . 
  why ? 
  they wo n't have 50 % of the vote anyway , what do we prevent by banning them ? 
  you 'll just make them the oppressed minority , you would be throwing fuel on the fire . 
   i agree that we need to keep a close eye on on these things to prevent the government from abusing their powers how is watching the government going to help if we have given them these powers ? 
  do n't give them the powers and we have whole lot less to worry about . 
   but tolerating an organisation like this is not an option imho . 
  1 . a few guys waving a flag is an organistation ? 
  2 . every european country is full of racists we are perfectly able to tolerate , a few guys waving a flag is n't a problem, 
  bs , if the extrimist is this popular to be able to do that without these rules , the government would be lost anyway with the rules . 
  no way can you suppress a 2/3 majority by just banning their political party . 
  not yet at least , maybe it wo n't happen . 
  but as i said elsewhere , i fear the government misusing bans like this more than i fear isis getting more support from just waving a few flags, 
  even if that is true , they 'll win because you just gave in by showing you take them seriously . 
  you 'll show them you are afraid of some guys waving isis flags . 
  to them this will be a victory ; 1 . you fear just them waving flags 2 . to them , it will be taking away their freedom of speech , legitimating their cause 3 . to them this means they are oppressed , justifying their cause , everyone always think they are the victim , and if give them easy excuses their resolve will only harden if you are willing to suppress just a few guys waiving a flag , you 've already lost, 
  you understand the isis mindset ? 
  you are sure this is about spreading fear and not political speech , like showing they agree with isis ? 
   and you should n't be able to fly a symbol associated with murder and imminent death around like nothing first off , they are not responcible for you interpretting it that way , that why it is different from yelling fire . 
  that is like getting scared as a french guy by someone waving an english flag because they invaded so many times in the past ( or vise versa ) secondly ; if you feel fear and oppresion from just that flag waving you should have yourself checked out by a doctor , or join tumblr feminists . 
  banning their freedom of speech will just bolden them and it will justify their cause to the people that are slightly more sympathetic to them point out publically their flaws , what is wrong with their beliefs , ridicule them on the public square . 
  and isis or nazi flags being a danger is n't extreme ? 
  i 'm sorry but i fear misuse of these bans more than i fear isis gaining peoples support by flag waving, 
   so you 're just going to ignore every other point made and home in on fragments of sentences in an attempt to score some points for idealistic rhetoric ? 
  i did n't reply on the rest because it was just fear mongering . 
  allowing people to wave flags is not as effective as you think it is . 
  i 've seen so many american flags here on reddit that i would be ( texan level ) pro-america if that were true . 
   by your logic we should allow isis to spread until it becomes a problem . 
  you are allowed to do loads of things to counteract their flagwaving , just nothing through the justice system as long as they just use their freedom of speech . 
  you can counter protest , wave anti isis flags , spread flyers about the dangers of isis , beat their ass in elections . 
   the fact is that if ideology like isis spreads it is a larger threat to free speech than outright banning the support of violent and oppressive regimes such as isis . 
  and slaughtering a chicken is the best way to protect it from a fox, 
   try driving around with a nazi flag itt ; loads people telling me to wear nazi flags for some reason  if you think this universally applies . 
  i do n't claim it universally applies , i 'm saying it should apply universally, 
   and my opinion is that as a terrorist organization they are rightfully made illegal here in germany . 
  i have no problem with that , i have a problem with making it illigal for people to disagree with the labeling of said group .
