  there is no incentive for either side . 
  either russia would have to submit to the rest of the eu essentially losing power in the world or the eu would gain a new member which would be by far the most powerful , dominating the group from day one . 
  wo n't happen either way . 
  they have a permanent claim i would say . 
  oh and one could force release the kurds . 
  russia in the eu ? 
  yeah , that wo n't happen ever . 
  they are not marching to le pen 's tune , they are starting ( or pretending ) to listen to their voters opinion in these matters . 
  if there would be any viable alternative , she would have serious problems running and winning again . 
  but there is n't . 
  she has eliminated all potential candidates in the cdu and the spd is really just a shitshow nowadays . 
  so she will win the election and the left and right will grow . 
  who is talking about the cdu ? 
  i assumed they ment the afd ... 
  that is wrong . 
  they were in two state parliaments at the most , never in the federal one . 
  oh i have nothing against responsibilies . 
  but this piece can be summond up with `` throw german money at each and every problem '' which i strongly disagree with . 
  the thing is , while a lot of people are really unhappy about the security and migrant-issues , they trust the spd and schulz even less than merkel to do anything about it . 
  so many people vote for the cdu while being decidedly unhappy with a lot of issues , because they ca n't stomach the afd ( right-wing ) and fear even worse from the left wing . 
  so essentially we should `` show solidarity '' by handing out even more free money ? 
  no thanks !, 
  for a right wing party to enter the german parliament is a massive success . 
  you 're a victim of pc-culture in the west . 
  because it would be horribly racist to name them gypsies when the media reports about alleged crimes , they get called romanians . 
  what do the americans have to do with this ? 
  do n't think so . 
  she 's a high-profile prisoner ; they will go out of their way to tread her good for pr reasons . 
  besides , it was her decision to go there . 
  why should we care besides looking that she gets a fair trial ? 
  i 'm not sure if they did n't start at some point using female fighters . 
  concerning the death penalty , i said i would n't shed a tear , not that i hope for it . 
  that said , i really have no problem with is-types getting killed . 
  safer than getting them back here . 
  i would settle for a very long time in prison , and if she really was part if the is-police and/or a sniper and committed capital crimes , a life sentence would be ok for me . 
  but if the iraqis hang her i will not shed a tear . 
  so essentially you want double standards , right ? 
  i tell you what , it does n't work that way . 
  burn the heretic, 
  back in germany she wo n't stay there very long . 
  i addressed an issue he had with this system . 
  so what exactly is your problem ? 
  my mom was very unhappy when she found that book , 
  that 's actually easy to fix . 
  set a threshold ( something between 3-5 % ) which a party has to reach to gain mps . 
  why ? 
  and to be clear : do you think we should try e.g. 
  saudis who commit a crime in germany under saudi law ? 
  i read the satanic bible at her age and did n't start sacrificing anything . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  the same happens , if you commit a murder in the usa . 
  germany would ( and will in this case too ) interfere if they hand out the death penalty but besides that there is no reason for somebody not to be tried where the crimes happen . 
  depends on the law of the country . 
  if you commit crimes in another country , you will be tried there . 
  why should germany interfere ? 
  she 's a dangerous criminal who might endanger innocents here in germany . 
  i really hope we do n't try to get her back . 
  let her rot in an iraqi prison . 
  she is where she wanted to be . 
  now she can stay there for all i care . 
  i certainly do n't want her back here where she might become a suicide bomber and kill innocent people . 
  actually i prefer the french way : they tell the iraqis if and where french jihadists are identified and the iraqis go for the kill : problem solved . 
  if you commit a capital crime in a country , where there is a death penalty , well that 's your own fault . 
   it 's hard to take the guardian seriously as a news organisation ~ ~ when it lets so much absolute trash `` articles '' on its website . ~ ~, 
  actually in the whole discussion i fail to read even one single argument by you ... 
  well , too bad that history proves me right , while all socialist countries eventually collapse . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  they 'd get the same factual answer greece got : the german state considers all reparations settled ~ ~ unless a court says otherwise ~ ~ . 
  ftfy, 
  if he wins them elections , he is supported by the people so it would be pretty stupid to not support someone like that ... 
  i actually hope he will implement reforms like germany did a dozen years ago . 
  while his popularity will get shot , it will help france get a competitive labor market and more employment . 
  and while the media is gleefuly going over each person fired by trump , the cases in france are barely reported . 
  talk about bias ... 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  that 's not it . 
  rather , the problem is when msm 's standpoint differs fundamentally from al lot of reader 's viewpoint , the reader loses trust in the media and looks for other sources . 
  the `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' mess is to a very high degree the media 's own fault . 
  there was no `` other side '' . 
  at least not in msm and not in the first half year of the crisis . 
  msm is digging it 's own grave here in germany . 
  nobody with a clear mind did not see their agenda-pushing in the last 2 years . 
  some have backtracked a bit , but the agenda still stands strong . 
  a johnson ? 
  yeah , not gon na happen . 
  eastern nations did n't receive aid because they were forced by the soviets to not accept it . 
  these loans are basically interes-free and have to be payed back in decades . 
  greece would never haven been able to afford regular every day loans . 
  does n't matter how large it is if it ca n't feed those people . 
  which it ca n't and very probably continue to do so . 
  yeah . 
  at this point , i would issue live ammunition to the cops . 
  indeed . 
  the `` black block '' is there to riot and for no other reason . 
  too bad for them that the police do n't take their shit this weekend . 
  and that 's when she strikes . 
  there is no independence movement in bavaria . 
  not yet . 
  but we absolutely can expect the situation to deteriorate further in coming years . 
  normally it is up to a judge .
