  saving the banks was saving greece . 
  if the state would have gone bancrupt , the greeks would have been in a lot worse situation than they are now . 
  and that 's not even talking about the backlash this would have caused in other countries . 
  like i said ... there are more of us . 
   thing is , up to this year all you saw and heard in the media were the leftist with their agenda of tolerance towards anything and anyone and changing germany `` for the better '' ( though obviously not towards conservatives who like the way things have been and just do n't care for even more change and even more multi-culti ) . 
  right now those people are in a fit since they see their dominance opinion slipping . 
  i believe it 's going to be interesting in the next couple years here . 
  disclaimer : so as not to be misunderstood ; i have nothing against tolerance in general . 
  i just reserve for myself the right to decide which people/practices/things i wish to tolerate and which i resent because of valid reasons . 
  you 'd be surprised ... 
  there is more of us than you think . 
  but most germans who are patriotic and/or conservative kept quiet in the past because of the fear of being labeled right wing . 
  the migrant crisis finally pushed people over the brink over the brink of not giving a fuck anymore and becoming member and voting for a party which expresses their interests in this regard , the afd . 
  and the party is still growing . 
  while a lot of their votes are protests , more and more are n't and with the governments and eu keeping on doing the same old bullshit this will continue . 
  right now the polls see the afd at about 15 % . 
  my guess is that depending on what happens in the next year they could get up to 20 % . 
  we 'll see , but regardless , the old `` right is evil '' meme of german politics is about to explode . 
  we 're not pointing fingers , we 're admiring you for standing up for your countries and against the madness . 
  well , that 's reassuring ... 
  turkey is enroute into a dictatorship . 
  noway they will join in the next 10-15 years . 
  no , criticism should not be brushed of , but one has to keep that in mind when reflecting news about the afd so that one can take the infos with a grain of salt . 
  thanks for the link . 
  leftist-autonomous organizations like antifa most likely . 
  and the greens . 
  so , do you have any source for the afd throwing out journalists ? 
  and that the german media outlets are very much biased against the party is a simple reality . 
  19 % support in germany ? 
  this is total bullshit . 
  source ? 
  because i do n't believe that . 
  indeed . 
  harz iv is what made germany so economically strong . 
  the spd is just to dumb to really claim the praise for it , always navigating between denial and `` it did work '' getting the worst of both worlds . 
  actually it is not . 
  eu citizens are still free to come here and seek out and take on a job . 
  they are just not supposed to come here just for the social benefits . 
  rightly so , in my opinion . 
  not sure about that . 
  i think the time will come , when people in europe are fed up with this shit and start demanding action . 
  things could get ugly then ... 
  its the opposite exactly . 
  if rape would be the bigger factor , then he would n't feel responsible ( i just ca n't grasp that ) that this piece of shit gets deported . 
  and the gangraped woman , who agreed to keep quiet ... wow . 
  just wow . 
  wtf ... 
  i 'm speechless ... this shows what propaganda can do to people i guess ... 
  they get social services for free as long as they are in the country . 
  if they have money , it is only fair that they participate in the cost of these services . 
  so , when you help somebody illegaly over a border , you 're a human smugglar . 
  you 're motives for doing so are irrelevant . 
  her conviction is correct . 
  actually i was thinking along the line that `` the-powers-that-are '' wo n't alow him to live long ... 
  indeed , i was thinking along those lines ( living conditions ) . 
  because of russia . 
  i would think that someone coming to russia and claiming the throne might have a very short life ahead ... 
  eastern european countries were in a shitty situation back then ... one , were there mostly were n't any `` good '' choices left , i guess . 
  hm , i always heard that those poles who came under prussian rule were more happy ( probably more `` not as unhappy '' ) than those who came to austria or russia . 
  is that wrong ? 
  ( honest question ), 
  til , we are the mutes there . 
  i think this is kinda funny , 
  nope . 
  well , that sounds pretty negative . 
  from all i gather , those `` lords and ladies '' are like most people : some are shitty and some are decent . 
  smart man , i 'd say . 
  too bad if noone wishes to buy the price-increased products but rather buys where products have better price/quality terms , hm ? 
  funny how you are downvoted for speaking the simple truth . 
  in the beginning of the century everyone was telling us to get our shit together ... so we did and lets just forget the costs of the unification . 
  now , when others see how good we do , instead of following our example , they tell us to reverse course . 
  imagine that ... 
  this is ridicoulus . 
  france is far away from being exemplary . 
  their economy is in shambles and because of protests they ca n't get it improved . 
  it 's not germanys problem that because of this situation companys do n't want to invest in france . 
  yeah , when we tried to do that , everyone was like `` fuck german austerity '' . 
  krugman is also the guy who praised venezuelas economy and politics years ago . 
  he does n't seem to be the smartest bean in the box . 
  depends if she erned it ... , 
  i 'm pretty sure most construction workers would like to be something else also . 
  what now ? 
  so ... it 's for free now ? 
  his arguments get even more hollow when you take into consideration that a lot of the terrorists in europe come from a middle class or university background . 
  they are not disadvanteged in any coniderabel way . 
  which would have counted aus prove in the eyes of the public . 
  should n't , but would have . 
  indeed . 
  but if it is against white males you can say whatever you want , because then it is `` positive discrimination '' . 
  quite disgusting if you think about it . 
  terror attacks will advance communism ? 
  what for ? 
  them being butthurt about todays fun ? 
  you have been baned from / r/pyongyang ... 
  sooooo ... what do i have to do to get ... prosecuted by her ? 
  damn it , i nearly fell for it . 
  did n't think of the date ... 
  well , football thing shows they might be open for redemption . 
  maybe if we show them the blessings of true civilization ... 
  ewww , how gross , sounds like the dark ages .
