  your investment , your interest , your risk . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  why should taxpayers money go to people who did not chose wisely when investing !, 
  so ... which ones are those five ? 
  yeah , nobody will take britain serious anymore if they do not follow through . 
  they kind of have to , i think . 
  well it 's merkel and hollande meeting beforehand because britain never cared enough to get involved . 
  if you do n't put up any effort , do n't complain that you 're not asked . 
  about that champion thing ... 
  you could try to anschluss the uk ... 
  well , then trade with the rest of the world , i guess . 
  you 're in for a rough surprise in the coming weeks and months ... 
  this is more of a neutrality thing . 
  they do n't want to send a german or french so as not to get people riled up . 
  smart move , imo . 
  while i agree somewhat to your assesment of the eu , i do n't think britain is in a very good position right now . 
  the backlash will be huge , but yes , they 'll manage eventually . 
  as will the rest of europe . 
  there is no chance in hell germany leaves the eu now . 
  if most of the northern countries leave and with the south at one time , the situation is different . 
  the we should get the hell out , too . 
  how ? 
  just so you know , the nsdap never got more than a third of the votes in a democratic election nation-wise . 
  i agree . 
  if this vote is ignored , we will be talking about president le pen in due time ( we might do regardless , but then definetely ) . 
  totally unrelated things . 
  the uk voted about if or not to leave the eu ? 
  the greek vote was essentially a big poker game aimed at the creditors ... which these called bluff . 
  that 's not true . 
  in the beginning , most were volunteers ( not volunteers for the camps specifically , but volunteers for what they thought to be an elite formation ) but later on they were drafted like every other military unit . 
  interesting . 
  while i normaly welcome any cooperation between our countries it 's sad that this is for this cause . 
  we are the germans . 
  you are about to be integrated . 
  resistance is futile . 
  / s obviously, 
  nothing whatsoever . 
  germany pulling your strings ? 
  how that ? 
  have n't heard anything about this . 
  ok , you do have a point here . 
  i just wanted to express my satisfaction with the decision of the swiss voters . 
  scraping all types of welfare wo n't generate enough money to pay a bi to every citizen , though . 
  that is , if he/she is supposed to be able to live from it . 
  i was talking about the people downvoting me . 
  and as far as i know the supporter of bi in switzerland also have n't brought out any detailed financing-plans . 
  which will lead to inflation since money will be flushed into the economy . 
  that is , if you have the money . 
  where would it come from ? 
  simply cutting some government bureaucracies wo n't generate enough . 
  i agree . 
  there are even more ramifications , as this would definetely lead to inflation , which would then reduce the worth if the bi so people would demand more and so on ... and then there 's the point that this will attract migration from everywhere because free money is just a gigantic pull-factor . 
  this would implode fast . 
  yeah . 
  they probably have n't thought about how this should be financed . 
  while what he ment is not very far from the truth ( germans moving away from neighbourhoods were more migrants arrive or trying to get their kids to schools with few migrants ) it was a tremendously stupid thing to attack the national team shortly before the em . 
  even if you put it in the context that the reporters actions were somewhat sketchy . 
  while this is absolutely true i would like to point out that this was the action of a specific group of ( military ) leaders in this colony and not official policy of the empire . 
  when people in germany heard about this , there was a general revilement and outrage to this . 
  the responsible officer was ordered to cease his murderous actions pretty much immediately after the government got notice of this but by then it was already pretty much to late . 
  good . 
  in theory i so agree with you - is would be a preferable goal . 
  but the problem is that because of the differences in the various economies and political cultures , we now have the situation that southern european states would badly need either economic reforms or a devaluation of the currency , while northern europeans would rather justify a higher-valued currency . 
  i just do n't think this will work in the long run the way it is right now . 
  only if the structure fits the expectations of both parties . 
  if it does n't , if one comes out on top , chances are that these structures become the very reason for an enstrangement of former friends . 
  which i fear we are right now in the process of seeing , unfortunately . 
  one does n't have to be part of the same political structure to be friends . 
  sorry , that 's more conspiracy theorie than anything else . 
  merkel got blasted by the media in the past for a lot of things . 
  but here , her stand fits the agenda of the mainly leftist and pro-diversity media outlets in germany . 
  late to the party but i 'd say the most common term is briten . 
  well , it 's not as if closer relations between us prevent you from getting closer to denmark too ... 
  still , i think germans and dutch are more of the same mindset than for example germans and french . 
  wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  probably good too , since the nations and economies are simply too different , so there would be a lot of fallout on the way . 
  what might happen is rather closer relationships between like-minded nations , e.g. 
  france and italy or germany and netherlands . 
  you are misinformed . 
  there is no government-censoring of the press in germany . 
  alas , there is a political agenda in most german press-companies to actively push for pro-immigration policies and fighting against everything they deem right-wing . 
  so the press tried to spin the whole immigrant-crisis and subsequent events very much on their own - and still does . 
  it will ne interesting to see how it will develop , because the press got a huge backlash for this agenda , with more than 60 % of the people polled not trusting them any longer . 
  yep , would convert . 
  fair enough , i ( mis ) understood your post as if you thought of yourself as a slav . 
  like in afganistan ? 
  we can always bribe them . 
  that 's what we did in the past , indeed . 
  god , i wish we would have politicians like him . 
  so ... how about those forest fertility goddesses ... 
  is this actually a thing anymore ? 
  i 'm confused ... according to your flag you 're finish , right ? 
  if you 're an ethnic fin , then you are n't a slav . 
  or do i misunderstand something ? 
  well ... thanks , i guess . 
  but why do you think we 're # 1 ? 
  that is a very interesting interpretation of the political situation , i have not thought about it this way . 
  thank you for your input . 
  you are delusional . 
  if it comes to the point that france needs money to buy it out , the amount will be so high , that greece is a joke in comparison .
