  on the far right you got the afd who might or might not turn out to be an extremist party . 
  while on the left the choices are even worse than merkel . 
  since i believe afd will get massive votes in the upcoming state-elections , my hope is that the cdu will take merkel by the short leash and go for a reasonable policy . 
  i read today that austria is proposing to send military units to macedonia . 
  that might actually help . 
  no , he asked for stuff not usually sold . 
  since he did n't get it , he bought other stuff in unusuall quantities for a non-company person . 
  it 's actually so that poeple are sceptic if they will be implemented . 
  does n't matter how tough the law is , if nobody follows it . 
  yes it was . 
  fearmongering : this guy was asking specifically for not normaly sold chemicals and in the end bought stuff in huge numbers . 
  as it turns out , while he could have build a bomb with it , he just wanted to make drugs . 
  was a good idea to hunt him down . 
  you sure ? 
  if the situation deteriorates i would think she 'd get a majority eventually . 
  probably not in the next election but afterwards . 
  well , this are mostly people who would n't get any job otherwise . 
  so i believe this is not a bad thing . 
  or le pen . 
  not sure how i would think about that . 
  while i think france desparately needs a political houscleaning , i 'm not sure if the fn might work for the better . 
  and the franco-german relationship might really get fucked with this scenario ... 
  i think the french should really look into the german model . 
  might actually help them get back to their feet . 
  your not alone here !, 
  while i think we in germany indeed need to sort our shit out , russia and putin can very well fuck off and take a hike in syria !, 
  and in related news , water is wet . . 
  brave new world ... 
  ok , i guess we have something of a misunderstanding here . 
  when i said `` understand '' i actually ment that one accepts that the state takes away your rights one at a time . 
  seriously ? 
  it would certainly be interesting to see if they really have some people who could retoricaly stand up to the other parties . 
  hopefully so . 
  then again , it might be debatable that they are in the beginning of doing just that . 
  maybe you 're just an idiot who does n't understand sarcasm . 
  hmmm , not sure what your getting at here . 
  what i mean is that the shutdown of civil rights hardly happens all at once . 
  instead it starts with single ( small ) actions and laws , which each for itself can be explained pretty reasonable . 
  and then another law is passed which will restrict the populace a little bit more , and then another ... and then , at some point people will wonder how this could have happened . 
  ok  well , maybe one last word , if you permit : the reason i 'm up in arms about this scene is that imo this is how the landslide starts : in the beginning , there are housevisits , later on ... maybe i 'm paranoid , but i really fear where this whole crisis will end . 
  well , if you would be cool about the police visiting you telling you to not post stuff on the internet , that 's ok . others ( a lot of them , it seems ) disagree with you here . 
  if their activity would have been illigal , they would have been persecuted . 
  since they were not , this is a clear case of making someone to shut up aka making him aply self censorship . 
  actually it does , if the other party can point out your stupidity , inability and hypocrisy . 
  that 's what the spd is afraid . 
  i 'm not saying her afd would be able to do better ( i doubt that ) but they arme certainly able to embarass the ruling parties . 
  actually we will be talking about how left wing authoritarianism assured the rise of right-wing movements to power ... 
  of course it is censorship . 
  the clear intent is to intimidate people to not say what the cops/state does n't like . 
  in german , we call this selbstzensur `` self censorship '' . 
  it 's actually the most effective kind . 
  nope . 
  trying to understand and explain an encroachment on the right to freely speak your mind is the beginning of the way towards nullification of said right . 
  wow , great reporter . 
  he ripped him a new one . 
  if these people would be criminals , they would have been persecuted by the police and the state . 
  since this did n't happen they are not criminals !, 
  ever heard of not guilty unless proven , hm ? 
  so , since they are not criminals , the police does not have the right to suppress them from speaking their mind !, 
  the word which comes to mind here is political policing . 
  way to go , netherlands . 
  i really hope the dutch people will put a stop to shit like that fast !, 
  do n't you know that hate speech is something only white males are capable of ? 
  as far as i know , there were also syrians with this mob . 
  either way , these were all arabs , from the middle east or from north africa . 
  no , they all were migrants . 
  ever heard about nye in cologne ? 
  if not , do n't worry , that shit is bound to repeat itself in the near future . 
  hahahaha, 
  my homer is not a communist . 
  he may be a lier , a pig , an idiot or a communist but he is not a pornstar . 
  good luck if you really believe that . 
  you know , if some country does n't like this organization , it could just leave . 
  but then it would have to give up all the free money , so it 's probably better and easier to bitch about `` oppressive eu '' ... 
  tell that to the belgians ... 
  the the state must have means to identify her . 
  she did n't let that happen on top of breaking a law , so she was punished and rightly so . 
  that 's actually the way it kinda works in germany . 
  if they report something wrong , the persn/organization wronged can sue them and force them to either give him/them the same space to declare their point of view or to announce a correction of the previous statement . 
  if you think that you should really look up marion le pen . 
  she is hot !, 
  how can a sane person think this is a good idea ? 
  what should i fear ? 
  i am sure of this . 
  germany is on , nice , i feared we might be absent here . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that there is fear that one will get ... divergent results based on ethnicity , and that this might force the public to deal with unpleasant truth . 
  they fear what they might find out ... and what would come of this . 
  actually it 's not since the word `` russl\u00e4ndisch '' is n't a real word . 
  it 's something artificial which nobody uses . 
  probably a job ... 
  you got ta be kidding me ; how do you think a transport-machine can be used as a bomber ? 
  open the door and two guys haul the bombs out ? 
  as far as i know germany supports the peshmerga , not the ypg . 
  the un ca n't do shit , we see this everywhere the `` peacekeepers '' are deployed . 
  to keep civil war from erupting , you need robust roe , which the un will never employ . 
  this is exactly what i wrote , minus the britain part . 
  and i would like to know how transporters would have played a part over the uk . 
  most of these were transporters which were destroyed or damaged while landing to move troops in . 
  this had nothing whatsoever to do with the battle of britain .
