  under this law though , some dudes employed by facebook & co will have to decide and they will get instructed to err on the side of caution to prevent fines and lawsuits . 
  this law is an epic clusterfuck and one can only hope that the german supreme court kills it off quickly . 
  i agree . 
  still , with it in parliament , media should have concentrated more on it , which was circumvented by the homoehe . 
  i 'm not saying that there is any kind of conspiracy here , because i do believe that this is mostly chance that both laws come on the same day . 
  still , that the homoehe gets so much coverage in comparison to maas ' stasi-law is a very bothersome sign about the priorities our society takes . 
  actually it does , because the impact it has is only known to people actively informing themselves . 
  there should have been a huge outcry because of it , but everything is dominated by an insignificant law on gay marriage . 
  i truly hope so . 
  to be fair , this is only possible during football matches and even then some people are crying about this . 
  he certainly has a point in this regard , even though most of the other stuff he writes is bs . 
  the good news is , this law is almost certain to get torn apart by the german supreme court . 
  but until then it will lead to a regular censorship in germany . 
  fuck maas , who would have been a good stasi-officer !, 
  is that supposed to be a joke ? 
  because that certainly should not be the case !, 
  we do have the option . 
  we just lack the will to put it into effect . 
  they are soldiers fighting in a war . 
  and you ca n't just send somebody into a warzone to arrest them - not without risking the lives of those people . 
  why would you do that ? 
  it is perfectly legal to kill them and the most logical thing to do in the long run . 
  they would have a fair trial if they would surrender to the french authorities . 
  since they are still fighting they are fair game . 
  not that much different from the recent terrorists killed in france . 
  if they would have surrendered , they would have been arrested . 
  since they did not ... 
  considering the amount of dead french citizens in terror attacks , this is a very logical approach . 
  well , they are eliminating a danger to us all by killing enemy combatants . 
  i see no problem here . 
  it would be kinda difficult to send cops to arrest them , right ? 
  build up a powerful army to crush all around you and the whole world unites to put you down . 
  renounce everything militaristic and pledge yourself to peace and harmony and everybody goes `` weapon up , get that military going '' . 
  you 're damned if you do ... ^ / s, 
  verdammt good idea !, 
  how about schniblo-day banner ? 
  yes they are . 
  vassal swarm intensifies, 
  lol, 
  yeah , you really sound like an asset ... / s , just to be sure . 
  sorrry , nothing to do with you personally , but i believe there should not be an option for people to have more than one passport/nationality . 
  it \u00b4 s kinda like in marriage , you ca n't be faithful/loyal to more than one partner/nation . 
  if shtf , people have to and will be deciding which passport they will honour which could and will lead to problems and repercussions down the line . 
  the best example for this could be seen when the conflict over the turkish referendum heated up . 
  a lot of people with turkish background in germany suddenly rooted for erdogan , double passports or not . 
  these people might be considered german citizens , but if the conflict with turkey might have escalated , they could not have been relied upon . 
  so i believe that people should decide which one passport they wish to hold and which nationality they want to claim . 
  pro tip : do n't bite if you 're eating out . 
  to shreds you say ? 
  qualified immigrants are . 
  mena immigrants not so much . 
  that was actually the idea behind this concept . 
  and i believe it is working . 
  of course he would . 
  it would just be in german , 
  yeah , a bit surreal , to be honest . 
  no idea ( other than him being the first black president and him not being bush ) why he was so liked . 
  i personally think his politics were n't that much different from bush , tbh . 
  well in the second half we did accept their surrender , so it was n't that bad ... 
  that 's not true . 
  it gives you inroads into many european languages . 
  and it just keeps delivering . 
  ahem ... you do know that labour feels itself to be boudn by the referendum ? 
  brexit it will be . 
   breaking news : ~ ~ may ~ ~ may 's successor calls for another snap election in 2 months . 
  ftfy, 
  hung parliament . 
  with brexit negotiations starting in 2 weeks . 
  that 's going to be epic ... 
  i actually wish my country would join this cause ... 
  it 's almost as if russia antagonizes europe constantly . 
  well she found him . 
  right in front of her . 
  edit : it seems facebook links are baned ( did not know this ) . 
  so try to google this : `` rock am ring pk lieberberg '' and you will get a link to the pk . 
  brave new world . 
  who cares ? 
  like in venezuela , hm ? 
  do n't forget the spying/nsa scandal . 
  i really do n't understand how this came to be so forgotten so fast . 
  so malta is confirmed as the borg homeworld ? 
  well , i was talking about the numbers who came from 2015 onwards , and i believe for these my statement is true ( minus a very small minority ) . 
  there were of course refugees from previous years , which i neglected to think of , so these numbers include those people , i would think . 
  no one but menial workers have to be afraid of the refugees taking their jobs . 
  almost all of these people will end up in welfare because they need an insane amount of education to be functional in a german workplace ( if at all ) . 
  they are not included because they are for the most part not allowed to work in the beginning . 
  when the time comes that they can do so ... the numbers will rise because almost none of them have the educational skills to gain access besides the most menial labor . 
  this is going to be a real shitfest . 
  you 're wrong on the apprenticeship . 
  the company are indeed investing in the people during that , because not only do they pay a ( sometimes low , sometimes pretty high ) a wage , they also pay for the education of the apprentice . 
  this education normally involves a lot of topics ( job skills , general education , soft skills etc. ), 
  and is quite expensive . 
  at the end , the apprentice has a practical and theoretical degree with which he can start a carrer in germany . 
  imo , his is an excellent system with beneficiaries on all sides . 
  companies deliver job skills and get a somewhat cheaper worker , the state gets people in jobs and does not have to pay fully for the education and the apprentice gets a degree and some money on his own . 
  because not presenting the other cheek is accelerating this situation ? 
  well if that 's the case i 'm all for it . 
  the world is in a sorry state , when dressing up as another people/ethic is considered racist . 
  that shit is already really embarrassing in the us , no need to import that particular sjw-meme to the rest of the world . 
  thank you !,
