  what could possibly go wrong ... 
  but to be honest , i would be very surprised if these idiots even reached the balkans . 
  a couple days marching in the cold will clear the head of most people . 
  which is bullshit , no matter how many times this is repeated in the media . 
  if the popular vote had any relevance , voter turnout would have been very different . 
  as a republican , you do n't go to the ballots in california because it 's a waste of time . 
  as a democrat , it 's the same in alabama . 
  if the popular vote would have any meaning , people who do n't vote now would be doing so . 
  also , the campaings would be waged differently than today . 
  so , the truth is , we would not know how a popular vote would have turned out at all . 
  for them everybody who does n't submit to their ideology is a nazi . 
  there 's not much point talking to them and it is even outright dangerous if they know who you are . 
  yeah , you do n't mind cops so much , they always get attacked when you guys go out to demonstrate . 
  as for the rest , like i said , you are a fascist . 
  you do n't see those either much , but about those nobody really cares . 
  yep , pretty much . 
  no you glorify beating someone up or destroying their property because he/she is a cop or because of their political oppinion . 
  you people are fascists yourself !, 
  you know , in bavaria i can actually believe that . 
  here in nrw ( or in other parts of germany where i 've been ) you see virtually no german flags . 
  only during the world cup . 
  it is true . 
  it 's frowned upon to raise the german flag with people calling you a right-winger and nazi if you do . 
  besides governmental buildings you wo n't see a german flag anywhere . 
  no but most people are most people http://www.infratest-dimap.de/umfragen-analysen/bundesweit/umfragen/aktuell/wenig-vertrauen-in-medienberichterstattung/, 
  compared with islamic terror , raf was a joke . 
  how many did they kill at all over all their years of activity ? 
  did they reach the nice number ? 
  or bataclan ? 
  and these were just two attacks !, 
  actually , the current terror is not affecting society yet . 
  i fear there will me mayor repercussions in the years to come . 
  repercussions , which will put etas influence to shame ... and that on a european scale . 
  i totally follow your arguments about how eta opperated . 
  but i stand by my statement : if you get cowed into silence by eta , you will survive . 
  today , it does n't matter where you stand towards islam , muslims , the west etc. 
  if you are at the wrong spot you get blown up , no matter your opinion . 
  in the past , you were at risk if you were a member of the government or outspoken against terrorists . 
  today , nothing of this matters . 
  i 'm at a loss how you ca n't see those differences . 
  and i 'm not defending eta or anyone else . 
  just pointing out the differences and why people react to this . 
  ah , so the strawman failed and now the resort to ad hominem , hm ? 
  you still failed to offer even one argument against my opinion . 
  while you are right , this is what 's going to happen eventually . 
  i just ca n't see europe soaking up terrorist attacks against the populace indefinitely . 
  i am still waiting for you to name a organization which randomly attacked civilians . 
  you ca n't so you 're building yourself a strawman here . 
  it 's kind of sad , but yeah ... 
  her actions imo fall into the darwin-award-category . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i am not defending eta at all , i am just saying that they and all other terrorist organizations in the european past did not attack random civilians on christmas markets , concerts etc. 
  with the goal of killing as much civilians as possible . 
  no they did n't : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_eta_attacks, 
  so , name a terrorist organziation which deliberately and indiscriminately attacked soft targets . 
  also , nothing like that in germany until we took in masses of muslim men ... 
  only that the difference is here , that muslim terrorists attack indiscriminately every citizen , while almost all terrorist organizantions went for specific goals , mostly trying their utmost to reduce collateral damage . 
  indeed . 
  and the muslim attacks all across europe will eventually lead to a backlash from the european populace against muslims , when people here have had enough of being blown up while shopping . 
  until cologne hit the news , the only major german newspaper publishing critical things to the migrant crisis was die welt with hendrik broder speaking out . 
  after cologne some of them started to varify a bit , but most are still overwhelmingly positive about this thing . 
  as for aleppo ... well if you do n't see the bias and the onesidedness , i ca n't help you . 
  just read all the pieces published around the syrian 's last offensive and the fall . 
  you wil find almost no negative words about the `` rebells '' as they were called all the time ( instead of fucking islamists ) . 
  they always took over the view of the rebell-alligned syrian observatory for human rights ( a guy in his cellar in london ) and presented it as fact . 
  the aleppo-reporting is imo a real fuck-up of the german media and pretty indistinguishable from outright propaganda . 
  yeah . 
  and when the second camp today say `` i told you so '' they are accused of exploiting the attacks . 
  mindblowing , imo ... 
  well , in a sense . 
  i should probably have written that someone offended by the truth reveals himself to be an idiot and so should be ignored . 
  sadly this comic depicts the opinion of a lot of germans pretty correctly . 
  do n't remove it as nobody should have the right to feel offended by the truth . 
  we have a saying in germany that translates `` he who seeks danger , dies of it . '', 
  do n't feel awful , she brought this upon herself . 
  the most recent one is the fall of aleppo . 
  have you seen the hysterical and heavily biased coverage by zeit online and spiegel online e.g. 
  and compared it with the fall of mossul/raqqa to is or the ongoing campaign to recapture mossul ? 
  the whole migrant crisis comes to mind also . 
  most outlets have striven to declare this a good thing and tried to influence their readers in this regard . 
  all reports about this were pictured with women and children , when it was soon clear that mostly military aged men were coming . 
  the lie about the doctors from syria was repeated there too . 
  you almost never heard a negative opinion about merkels `` wir schaffen das '' , at least in the beginning . 
  people who warned about costs and risks were declared right-wingers and nazis , even in state tv . 
  and and so on and so forth . 
  i 'm not saying the l\u00fcgenpresse-yeller are right , but the german media has shown itself to push their own agenda which is why their reports in certain areas are to be taken with care . 
  well there are always some trolls flaming around , this is the internet after all  but if you look at the majority of people here in this sub , they are not anti-german at all , at least in my opinion . 
  they just condemn merkels decision and that a lot of germans are fanatically agreeing and defending her does n't help also . 
  no , they do n't . 
  yet , i would say because more and more are coming around to this . 
  some people are so disconnected from reality ... 
  yeah because he ca n't afford one . 
  what an arrogant statement . 
  france had several bloody attacks in just a couple of years , while we had one big and a handful minor ones . 
  just wait and see what will happen here after the third or forth mass slaughter here . 
  indeed . 
  and a lot of people still refuse to acknowledge the connection . 
  actually i do n't think it 's anti-german , it 's rather anti-merkel or anti-welcome-refugees . 
  which i think is understandable , since germany fucked up big time in 2015 and basically refused to acknowledge this up till now . 
  i disagree here .
