  smart move . 
  wtf ? 
  this is soooo nsfl !, 
  we ca n't . 
  we would deprive them of being able to make jokes about `` ze germans '' . 
  that would just be to cruel . 
  there are salafist groups and mosques all over europe , yes . 
  political parties : not yet . 
  since everybody here seems to agree that this is about putin financing the afd : there is no kind of proof that this is happening . 
  the article even says so !, 
  it does n't mean it is n't happening , but innocent until proven guilty should be a thing even here , right ? 
  yes . 
  ever heard the word `` salafism '' ? 
  \u00c4hm , yes it does actually . 
  by following their rules , they gave the iranians an important diplomatic victory abroad and legitimation at home . 
  `` see , even the feminist swedes wear a hijab , nothing wrong with it . '', 
  on the other hand , the swedish government lost face big time . 
  actually , the question is rather `` do we accept that greece is done for and let them leave the euro or do we believe we can rescue them by sending more money there ? 
  right now , i think most people believe the former and are not willing to spend more money . 
  same here . 
  spain can of course do as it pleases , but i 'm not inclined to agree with them . 
  but hamas does n't hate shia moslems and persecutes them . 
  wtf ? 
  aq sees shia as heretics to be purged . 
  there is no comparison to hamas , who have never expressed a desire to kill shias . 
  so iran working with hamas shows nothing . 
  you obviously have no idea about the middle east and keep sprouting nonsens . 
  again what has hamas to do with aq ? 
  iran 's link to aq is as much proven as saddam 's wmds . 
  and if you can not comprehend that hamas and its specific situation is totally different to aq and therefore can not be compared , it shows that you are the ignorant bullshitter . 
  aq is sunni and they hate shia-muslims . 
  there is no way in hell that iran is supporting aq . 
  maybe if we promise him to use the hohenzollern flag again ... 
  you just want to look up their kilts , right ? 
  stoping austerity equals more money . 
  and where do you think this might come from ? 
  while true , the thing is that nobody really expects to see any of the money borrowed to greece being paid back . 
  which is exactly the reason almost no one wants to give more , since this money wo n't come back either . 
  it means putting on a brave face . 
  i think we 're going to see a dirty campaign all around with rampant populism all around . 
  but yes , it will probably interesting . 
  the term `` whistling n the dark '' comes to mind here . 
  let 's wait and see how this all will be playing out . 
  indeed . 
  the article just throws some figures around withou ever explaining in detail why this sum is so important - and how it should be spent to gain the most effect . 
  this is just paper shuffling at this point . 
  ceta is actually an issue which has nothing to do with nationalism or populism . 
  the resistance against it originated on the left/middle of the spectrum and is a sign of general mistrust in politicians . 
  many people believe that our politicians are prone to sign deals which benefit big corporations to the detriment of the populace , e.g. 
  concerning consumer rights , environment etc. 
  i think it has nothing to do with canada in itself . 
  it 's rather that people fear this deal , is a trojan horse for us-corporations to the disadvantage for europeans . 
  a lot of people here do n't trust our politicians to make deals beneficial to the normal dude . 
  britain sees germany as most trustworthy ? 
  that 's a surprise ... 
  no way . 
  if nato does not react to this , they could very well dissolve since nobody would take them serious any longer . 
  green men in the baltics would mean first an ultimatum and then if not followed up a declaration of war . 
  hurr durr something something fake news russia . 
  i get really tired of news like that which never get backed up by any kind of proof of russia 's meddling . 
  so a pegida-rally includes setting fire to asylum shelters ? 
  if that 's what you 're saying i call you a liar . 
  if they try to do this every sunday , there wo n't be much to show for . 
  they might get a bunch of people together once or twice , but i ca n't believe a lot of them are interested to go out and demonstrate once every week . 
  at least not for a topic where there is no emotional fire at work . 
  it was a forum were the government , labor unions and industrial unions discussed reforms to strengthen the competitiveness of german industries and to raise employment . 
  since these discussions were largely inconclusive , the government decided on their own on reforms , which led to the agenda-laws . 
  what really annoys me about articles like that is this `` germany should raise wages '' agenda . 
  never once have i read anywhere how germany is supposed to do this as the government has no say in salary negotiations . 
  so , not wanting to defend him or this sentence at all , but how come this statement from 2014 ( ! ), 
  is persecuted now , 2017 and right before the elections ? 
  is someone using this as a political trick ? 
  indeed . 
  we always hear about there being evidence , but as far as i know none of it ever appeared . 
  what kind of evidence ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  because while we always heard about there being evidence for russia 's part in the trump victory , i do n't think any was ever published . 
  we 're not talking about root beer here ... 
  well of course it depends . 
  if e.g. 
  you like the taste of fluid gummi bears mixed with stale alcohol then of course you prefer belgian beer . 
  which is alright i guess . 
  meet the user who only reads the headline . 
  it is , 
  using his wife 's phone to call a cab to the lover ? 
  what could go wrong ? 
  you 're making things up . 
  why ? 
  you can trade and ship them from frankfurt pretty easily . 
  also it 's not the case that we are trading gold in a big way , at least as far as i know . 
  but ny and london might turn unreliable in the future . 
  it 's better to keep most of it at home , so when shtf nobody can use it a leverage . 
  so , amongst all the shit which is happening worldwide , you want us to get into a name-calling contest with poland ? 
  that 's not the case as far as i know . 
  most afd voters are middle-aged and young people . 
  sadly , some people take such jokes earnestly . 
  kind of awkward then ... 
  true . 
  the afd is a young party where a lot of different people with different opinions and goals joined together for `` change '' . 
  because with the afd you can enter politics and gain leverage a lot faster than with the older parties , where you have to work up slowly and where there is monumentum against change .
