  that 's why there is a nato tripwire force in the baltics at any given time ( currently germans ) . 
  they are there to die in an eventual attack so that the country in question is forced ( and willing ) to respond . 
  believe me , if german soldiers die in a russian attack , we will go to war . 
  any source for that . 
  not that i disagree , but i have n't seen any reliable source for them fucking up , just some comments on reddit . 
  so standard , that the secessionist parties are in control in scotland or catalonia , you mean ? 
  i already did . 
  that is not an argument , but an opinion . 
  and a faulty one at that . 
  so essentially your argument for is `` i do n't agree with them so if expletive should not be able to vote for them . '', 
  alright with me , but do n't call yourself a democrat , cause you 're not . 
  yeah you are comparing apples and oranges here . 
  your link has nothing to do with the issue at hand since the eu is not a country . 
  it is a federation of independent countries . 
  which means that every nation has the right to leave and people have the right to vote for those who like to leave or reduce the reach of said federation . 
  the federal police says that her claims are untrue . 
  indeed , who cares for democracy anyway ... / s, 
  it 's turkey who is antagonizing it 's `` allies '' . 
  i #m wondering what you would do if you are left out cold one day . 
  since everybody is spying on each other , this would n't be that big of a deal . 
  yes and so did the botched turkey-operation of the allies . 
  would you say that had a meaningful impact on the war ? 
  edit : you realize i am talking about `` meaningful '' impact , not just any impact , right ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  this reaction sounds very reasonable to me . 
  weird . 
  here in germany , he would have been done for ( at least i hope so ) . 
  yes . 
  no , it does n't work that way . 
  italy could not have entered the war at that time at all , as they were pretty much unprepared to do so . 
  also , france had enough troops to keep they italian border under observation . 
  the problem for all sides at that time were n't troop numbers but moving enough of them in sufficient number to overwhelm the enemy . 
  something italy would not have been able to do in the mountains btw . 
  that 's what i was looking for . 
  thanks . 
  like i said , they would have tied up an allied army , nothing more . 
  look at how they did n't have any actual impact on the war is it were . 
  the italian front was always considered a side theater in the war . 
  and when au and germany attacked there for the first time , italy got so crushed it needed allied support to stay on . 
  damn . 
  i swear i have read this word in english as having the meaning of `` clown '' or `` cretin '' . 
  but i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  ah well ... 
  so what will happen now ? 
  will he have to resign his candidacy ? 
  i disagree . 
  the italian army was way to weak to have any meaningful impact on the war . 
  at most , they would have forced the allies to deploy an army on the french-italian border . 
  but because of the mountains this border is so defensible , that the italians would n't have made much impression there . 
  h\u00f6tzendorf was an incompetent buffon of the highest order . 
  he pretty much managed to destroy the austrian army in the first year of the war . 
  indeed . 
  if they take action , i might consider believing them again . 
  until then they can gtfo . 
  same in germany . 
  a year ago , the afd was called nazis and racist for thing which are now widely discussed by other parties . 
  i guess it shows that election times are coming up . 
  i agree that they should have thought beforehand about this . 
  we should have done so too , before letting them in btw . 
  in the same token , ther is a limit for how much we should and will pay for them . 
  of course we could have done that . 
  we just did n't have the political will to do this . 
  and spending tons of money on beaurocracy and welfare and not on investments in the future . 
  i know , i 'm not arguing for greece to stay in the euro , i too think they should leave . 
  thy will crash horribly here , but then have the chance to get better again . 
  free trade with china ? 
  seems like a good way to burn down your own economy . 
  devaluing the currency of a country which has no significant industry and therefore has to import most goods equals cutting salaries and savings . 
  if they set out from their harbors , then they have to take them back . 
  i do n't know , the only amount of leverage they have come from the amount of refugees they let pass . 
  while we have not only the subsidies they get from us and direct economic transactions , which give us alot leverage . 
  but also their leverage is only as big as we allow it to be . 
  right now , humanitarian concerns are the reason we do not close our borders . 
  if those migrants keep coming , those concerns will shrink more and more , to the point where we do n't give a fuck any longer , pretty much like australia . 
  they know all of is too , so i do n't think they will risk to fight this out to the end . 
  at some point , ere will come an agreement where we pay some money and they close down the border . 
  how do they risk death in algeria , morocco or egypt ? 
  the only risky places are some regions in lybia . 
  they will stay because warning those countries about what will happen if they fail to regulate their borders will be enough . 
  to sweeten the deal , they will probably be also compensated to do their duty with some money , but that i would consider wisely spent . 
  when there is no government , nobody stops us from sending them back . 
  and you really think european sanctions wo n't effect our mediterranean neighbours ? 
  it would literally crush them . 
  by sending the boats back to where they started . 
  if the governments in question refuse to take them in , hammer them with sanctions . 
  so , in essence , you have no arguments besides `` germany is successful '' , yes ? 
  btw , how do we sell cheaper products while at the same time offering higher wages ? 
  well , that was an interesting article . 
  thanks for submitting . 
  this is not punishment , this is just not handing out candy any more . 
  so pray tell , how did germany `` took advantage of the open market '' ? 
  and why did n't other countries do the same , as they had the opportunity ? 
  after all , that 's the point of an open market . 
  and how did we `` mutilate other ( which ? ), 
  countries domestic products and economies '' ? 
  actually i 'm not . 
  i 'm just pointing out your fantasy that china is in any way better . 
  your opinion and reality do n't have much in common . 
  20 million ? 
  yeah i 've read the same `` analysis '' .
