  may i ask about me ? 
  i had one encounter with a mod a while ago but was able/given the chance to explain myself . 
  i think i behaved myself since then . 
  do i still have that tag ... or others , 
  not true . 
  at least in germany antifa is a serious problem for committing attacks against people and vandalism . 
  and the price for the golden strawmen goes to ... karmaisforsuckers !, 
  well , if you have nkvd troops at your back and officers are just herding you straight at the enemy , language is not that much of a problem anymore , i guess . 
  or else you 're fucking foresworn . 
  indeed . 
  that 's actually what happened prior to wwi . 
  i wish to argue that polls like that do n't have a lot of meaning in current germany . 
  most people here would argue that war is bad and we should all get along and something like that , because the situation right now makes it very unbelievable that somebody would attack germany or one of its allies . 
  so the automatic reaction is `` nahh , wo n't happen , i have nothing to do with shit like that '' . 
  also this topic relates to patriotism , which is generally still seen as bad by a lot of people ( or at least is portrayed as such media ) . 
  so people are cautious when something like that comes up . 
  but if something would really happen , like russia attacking the baltics emotion comes into play and people would be riled up very fast . 
  you could see this over the row with turkey were a lot of voices were heard that germany should not take that shit any longer . 
  what do you think will happen if german soldiers in he baltics are killed ? 
  or if somebody ( i do n't know , belgium maybe  ) would prepare to attack germany ? 
  public opinion would shift very fast . 
  until and including the austro-prussian war this either was n't the case or did n't work at all . 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  at what time in history were borders not protected ? 
  every time when some people came to the border of some entity they were met with military . 
  if the entity ( mostly a king or such ) decided that they could gain from them , they were let through , if not they were told to piss of . 
  and if they did n't do that , blood would be spilled . 
  right now we have the only time in history were people can cross borders at will . 
  no it needs to stop !, 
  dude are you really judging today 's armys by its performance almost a hundred years ago ? 
  lol ... 
  the problems of the austrian imperial army in a nutshell . 
  and at the same time our ( self - ) defence minister is purging and neutering the bundeswehr to distract everyone from her own incompetence . 
  please do n't slaughter boris johnson ... 
  well , traditional role models are traditional role models because most people were ( and are ) fine with it . 
  who would have thought ... 
  he has obviously no idea whatsoever he 's talking about . 
  kinda sad ... 
  the franco-prussian war is considered to be the first `` nationalistic '' war in contrast to the limited cabinet wars of earlier periods . 
  it was one of the bloodiest conflicts before wwi and had a major impact on europe and european relations . 
  calling it not `` much of a war '' just shows your ignorance on the matter !, 
  all the while fapping to the video you request to see ... 
  she 's not a leader , she 's just an expensive figurehead . 
  i hope those pieces of shit go to jail !, 
  and merkel is padme ? 
  i 'm sorry these are tinfoil-hat-like `` points '' you make . 
  you obviously have no idea what you are talking about here or are willfully disregarding facts to form the reality to your liking . 
  to each his own , i guess , but if you want to be taken seriously you need to present more than conspiracy theories . 
  i 'm wondering why you keep repeating the criminal weapons deal while totally ignoring the tons of other reasons greece is in deep shit ( e.g. 
  forging data , big , inefficient bureaucraty , too many tax evasions ... ) because this is the only way to point the finger at germany ? 
  since in relation to the problems of greece this is just a drop in the ocean . 
  the only one responsible for greece 's situation is greece itself . 
  no matter who is at the helm right now ( btw : syriza tried to play poker with the eu and got called out . ), 
  another thing : if you think germany is dealing harshly with greece , nobody is keeping france or anybody else from helping greece out on their own . 
  weird that all those organizations and countries shitting on germany do n't do that , do n't you think ? 
  so , no arguments left hm ? 
  back to just bitching around ? 
  nobody forced greece to ask for money from the eu . 
  if they did n't like the conditions they could have looked for another source . 
  or declared bankruptcy . 
  the fact is , this is the best deal available to them and you simply ca n't ask german taxpayers to fund the greek bureaucracy and inefficient state for the foreseable future . 
  wo n't happen . 
  not having to pay back for around fifty years , for almost zero interest for a bankrupt borrower is predatory to you ? 
   the ones who do n't want to pay for others who refuse to reform ftfy, 
  now i get it . 
  you 're salty because your favorite party got wrecked . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , hm ? 
  they are the party of regulations and forbidance , they go around with an holier-than-you attitude and are the political equivalent of sjws . 
  and then we have n't even talked about their political agenda which is disastrous in every way . 
  yeah , i would have wished for them to get kicked out of parliament . 
  well , ca n't have everything . 
  game over for red-green . 
  very nice !, 
  germany is not a good example though . 
  the people of those tiny country always thought of themselves as german and [ insert random tiny principality ] . 
  there was for quite a while a overwhelming wish for a unification . 
  that 's not the way the situation and feelings are now regarding europe . 
  what do you think they might be able to do ? 
  well , if all this come through , labour will be dead after the coming elections . 
  maybe she should have reflected on the reason why she 's the only british student in her class ... 
  yes i think it is unreasonable . 
  these brits currently working for the eu will probably be dismissed eventually because you simply ca n't expect to have people working for governmental organizations who do not come from a member country . 
  indeed . 
  stop giving them aid and if they still refuse to cooperate sanction them . 
  they would obliege in no time . 
  please do not pretend that you speak for all of germany . 
  you do n't !, 
  in fact , you do n't even speak for a majority of germans . 
  especially during the greek crisis he was the most popular politician in germany . 
  as far as i know , he is still in the top three . 
  this guy advertises !, 
  they can . 
  this is just about the historic city center and it is not about kebab only but generic fast food shops in general . 
  force them to release the turkish minors . 
  actually it 's german as fas as i know , 
  i 'm confused here : you agree with me that to get an international in effect in a certain country , said country must adapt it 's own law to validify it . 
  and afterwards it can change it 's law to step back from any international agreement . 
  right ? 
  so how come you think international law trumps national law when national law must specificaly accept and can repudiate international law ? 
   every ** citizen ** shall have the right and the opportunity , without any of the distinctions mentioned in article 2 and without unreasonable restrictions ...
