  it depends on the topic , but german media can be heavily biased and opinionated in certain areas , where it sometimes crosses the border to outright propaganda . 
  there is a reason most people have lost trust in the media in germany . 
  yeah right . 
  thank you italy !, 
  has nothing to do with the single market . 
  if we would stop handing out free cash to those people , they would stop coming . 
  yes . 
  why should a terrorist travel to warsaw , when he has access to the local christmas market or airport ? 
  also , in warsaw people will notice him because there are n't many mena guys running around . 
  here he is just one of many . 
  markets , festivals , other gatherings like carnival will only be held with massive security in the future . 
  does n't sound like loosing in my book . 
  sad to say , many people here think so . 
  not taking in muslims seems more and more to be a good decision . 
  that is , if you do n't want your citizens to be blown up . 
  also those muslims do n't want to go to eastern europe . 
  they leave right away to germany . 
  happened several times in the last year . 
  dark . 
  take an upvote !, 
  you 're stretching the facts quite a bit here to make your theory work , hm ? 
  they match because in europe country lines mostly match lines between ethnicities . 
  there , where those lines do n't match we have always had problems , like in the balkans or spain . 
  as far as i heard his clothing also matched the description . 
  german police is reporting that the suspect has been released . 
  it is therefore safe to assume that he was n't the culprit . 
  the eyewitness , who followed the attacker , lost sight of him after a while and therefore the suspect was later arrested because of the description the witness provided . 
  actually i have yet to see a quote by them against gay people ... that said , since it is a right-wing/conservative party there obviously will be members who are to some degree or other opposed to ( certain ) gay rights . 
  but i doubt that this is official party line . 
  one member of their leading group is gay btw ... 
  yes . 
  all parties who oppose democracy are illegal in germany . 
  if nothing changes ... yes . 
  thanks . 
  there is no nazi party in germany . 
  and quite telling that your thoughts are not about today 's victims but about the political consequences . 
  2 years ago , no one would have predicted that the afd reaches 10 % on the federal level . 
  now , everybody whould be surprised if they stay under 15 . things are changing . 
  https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/live160453735/lkw-fahrer-soll-als-fluechtling-nach-deutschland-gekommen-sein.html according to the welt he was a `` fugitive '' from pakistan who entered germany this year . 
  enough ? 
  war in the arab world is only one option . 
  there are many ( inhuman ) others . 
  and if this terror attacks continue unabated , these options will become more and more feasible . 
  to be fair , if there is a lightning strike killing deer in finland , isis will also claim responsibility . 
  i do n't think so . 
  there will come a point where we wo n't take this any longer . 
  and when that happens , things will get ugly . 
  do n't propose anything . 
  but if the western world `` snaps '' , as someone wrote here , and throws humanism out of the window , there are a lot of options to act against islam in a way which will really hurt them . 
  while i do n't hope it will come to that with every act like this it will come closer . 
  actually there is no way we ca n't win this war ... if we are willing to take off the gloves . 
  we do n't need atomic bombs for that . 
  it 's a scary thought and with each attack like this , this solution will come closer . 
  i hope the politicians will react before this . 
  i fear they wo n't . 
  indeed . 
  if todays politicians do n't get this problem in hand , people will vote for parties who will do so or take matters into their own hands eventually . 
  and this will not and well ... 
  islamic reformation ? 
  not at all , it 's rather the opposite . 
  no chance of this happening ... yet . 
  give it a couple of years and attacks and we will reach this state also . 
  that 's what the people killed or injured today also thought ... 
  indeed . 
  i think the time is coming , when people in europe have enough of this shit . 
  i do n't know what will happen then , but i fear it will be ugly ... 
  9 deaths , 50 injured confirmed according to german tv . 
  the territory formerly known as a republic ... 
  yeah only that the pm is just a sock puppet for erdogan , who is the only one in power . 
  so those who give the money is calling the shots . 
  what an unprecedented situation ... 
  nice strawman you 're building here . 
  be careful that it does n't catch fire . 
  well , if you 're about to negotiate with a third party , it would be a dumb idea to discuss your points and interests with said party being present . 
  so of course she has to leave when the eu-members discuss their position . 
  while this is true he still has a point . 
  the london financial sector is a big potential problem for gb because if there happens some kind of crisis , it could be to big and widespread to contain . 
  look at cyprus , there you could see what might happen if you concentrate to much on the banking sector . 
  so while the shrinking of this sector will be painful for britain , in the end it could turn out to be for the best ... when the next crisis hits . 
  that sounds like being on top in my book ( at least until the liquid come pouring ... ) . 
  no that is ethnic cleansing . 
  if you call sebrenica genocide , we have a whole lot of genocides in the past years and the term loses all meaning . 
  there is a reason it has only been applied to the most outstanding crimes against humanity . 
  rightly so !, 
  i know . 
  and i believe this to be wrong . 
  the thing is , you only get away with shit like that if you win/end up on top . 
  calling sebrenica a genocide is ridiculous . 
  a massacre , a slaughter , an unbelievable crime , ethnic cleansing , yes , definitely . 
  but a genocide , no . 
  actually that 's how the trend goes . 
  more and more massacres are labeled as genocide which will eventually lead to the word becoming pretty meaningless . 
  you 're just afraid of the mighty prussian space-marines ... 
  i kinda figured that because of the story ... , 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  it says so right in the article !, 
  maybe he should n't have spend 10.000 euro for his trip to europe but rather to build a future at home . 
  mostly by others of their kind . 
  porto and bordeaux sound extremly similar when spoken in saxonian dialect . 
  til cologne is near milan ...
