  that has nothing to do with democracy , by the way . 
  or gunning down peaceful protesters . 
  or flushing the police investigating corruption in your party/family . 
  or starting a civil war because the people did n't vote as you like . 
  or supporting isis . 
  or closing down critical newspapers ... democracy is fucked in turkey , at least for the time being . 
  things will get worse before they get better , sadly . 
  i honestly wish good luck to the turkish people , because they 'll be the ones to suffer in the time to come . 
  so while you could n't get a majority for stripping one guy , you managed to stripe about 150 ? 
  seriously ? 
  turkey ca n't into democracy ... 
  while it is absolutely true what he says , the way he voices it just feels like a threat , not a statement of facts . 
  i ca n't understand how he can act like that and not think of the repercussions . 
  right-wing parties all over europe like juncker for that . 
  it 's as if he 's living inside a bubble , where nobody tells himn the real impact statements like that have . 
  come on , this tale about upsetting the balance of europe is really old ... what they meant back then was that they could n't fuck over the dozens of princedoms anymore who constituted germany back then . 
  look how napoleon raped the german people ; it is naturally that they did n't want anything of this kind any longer . 
  too powerful i can understand - back then . 
  today ? 
  i do n't know . 
  your example actually shows it : how powerful is germany , if it ca n't make the rest of europe adhere to their refugee-policy ( for which i am very grateful , btw ! ) ? 
  it does have power , indeed . 
  but not as much as some think and integrating austria would n't change that much . 
  eu-history shows that germany only can dominate if they can convince at least a couple nations to join their position creating at least a semblance of majority . 
  this ca n't work since everybody and their grannies have a unique opinion about what should happen . 
  in the end , with every decision ( or indecision ) , someone will be pissed off . 
  funny thing is : germany would be very happy if france would try to lead ... or at least help to . 
  france weakness is a problem right now !, 
  britain ... nobody expects anything from them in this regard , i 'm afraid . 
  while i do n't agree with him , austria was n't invaded , they were very happy to join the reich . 
  which is not a condemnation btw . 
  since it made a lot of sense at that time . 
  so vdb essentially stated that he would ignore the will of the majority if he did n't like it ? 
  and people call hofer the fascist here ... 
  i think this would n't have worked either in the long run . 
  in retrospect , the best thing would have been to release the non-german people into their own countries and unify austria with germany . 
  i wonder how a europe like that would have turned out . 
  do n't worry , this is what happens when the left does n't have any arguments left . 
  they resort to insults . 
  you see a lot of this in germany also - to a point , where i rather discuss here in reddit with people from europe than in any german forum where you ca n't say anything negative about the situation without being called a nazi . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  this !, 
  so much this . 
  it pisses people off to no end that we do n't enforce our laws and let these people do whatever they want here because we are so spineless as not to enforce our rules and our society . 
  if we would do this , there would be no need for this shift to the right . 
  this is true , but i think austria did n't push for a unified germany ( because it would be a bad precedent for their non-german subjects ) but for union-kind-of-pact which ironically probably would resemble nowadays eu more than any kind of true state . 
  at least this is how i remember these things . 
  what 's wrong with a unification of austria and germany ? 
  honest question , as all of europe is theoretically striving for more and closer relations - but if germany and austria do this , it is somehow wrong because ... reasons ? 
  actually that 's not true afaik . 
  the gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung , as well as the kleindeutsche l\u00f6sung both had the habsburgers against them , because those wanted to keep the status quo as a unification was bound to weaken them and their reach for non-german lands . 
  originally , the gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung wanted to unite all germany under a liberal , parlamentary kingdom . 
  as this was n't feasible ( 1848 ) , the prussians went through with what was reachable , the kleindeutsche l\u00f6sung . 
  and in what world equals putting them somewhere concentration camps ? 
  do you actually know what a concentration camp is ? 
  people coming up with nazi-comparisons today are mostly stupid jerks who should be ignored . 
  yeah , the only option besides bot controlling the migrant influx is the setting up of concentration camps . 
  right . 
  what kind of twisted mindset is that ? 
  that shows the supreme german engineering : broomsticks which fire through a rope . 
  i had to think about that one for a second : chapeau !, 
  `` do the dew '', 
  if they are now ours to command , have they refitted to broomsticks yet ? 
  does n't help you against the bbb ... 
  i totally agree . 
  the problem here is not germany being to cheap , is the southern economys being to expensive . 
  jobs lost in germany because of higher prices would n't go to france or italy but to asia e.g. 
  those countries need to get reforms going , not germany backtracking on their course . 
  that would actually be a very hillarious scenario . 
  everyone would be like `` um ... what now ? '', 
  would be an interesting show to watch . 
  they did n't want to know . 
  in a documentary a few years ago , they interviewed a former member of the german federal bank . 
  he said that they did n't believe the greeks data , but were n't allowed to investigate them . 
  essentially , everyone was told to just believe what greece said . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i guess we need to grow a thicker skin ... 
  the annoying thing is , if we do n't push for what we think is the right course , everyone says `` germany should go ahead , germany should lead according to it 's importance '' . 
  then , if we do that , everyone is like `` germany is going imperial again , we are not their colony '' . 
  so in the end , no matter what we do , everyone keeps complaining . 
  btw . 
  that does not mean i agree with everything the german government does . 
  it acted horribly in the migrant crisis !, 
  those refugees wo n't help at all but only produce costs and strife in germany . 
  it 's not as if a breakup of the eu would mean that european countries wo n't trade with each other any longer . 
  it will just be like before , a bit slower , a bit more expensive and probably some more barriers than now . 
  the most difficoult thing would be the new currencies and their value , which would make german products more expensive ( but on the other hand raw materials from the outside cheaper ) . 
  yes , our economy would take a hit , but it wo n't be as hard as the hit other countries have to take . 
  so imo , those other countries should have far more incentives to keep the euro together . 
  like i said , i agree . 
  but the problem here is that i do n't think we can agree on the same economic policy with france or italy for example . 
  and since we do n't , we have a huge problem here . 
  no , that 's not what i meant . 
  instead just that we could deal with it a lot better than others can . 
  like i said , i agree . 
  i just think that if push comes to shove , we could deal with it a lot better than others . 
  i agree . 
  on the other hand , our economy would probably cope better without the eu than many others . 
  anti-german sentiment is strong here ... reading stuff like that , i would actually like to give people like that what they want : germany refusing to take a lead role in europe , maybe even leaving eu and telling those bitching `` you try it '' . 
  i wonder what would happen then .
