  were they even literate over there ? 
  ai n't no civilization without it , bro . 
  ahhh , the good ol' times ... / s, 
  because that 's the reality , maybe ? 
  earning money through hard work maybe ? 
  and those poles entered the army to fight for britain and against their common enemy . 
  somehow i ca n't see this happening with all those arabs coming to europe . 
  i like them both . 
  would n't mind having them both in my area . 
  do n't worry about him , you are making very good arguments and i believe you are right where this whole situation might be leading if europe is n't able to stop this shit . 
  it 's sad and i really do n't want that , but i believe the patience of europes populations is not endless . 
  and when this point is reached , things will get very ugly here . 
  you either ca n't or wo n't understand my point . 
  so yeah , thanks for the talk . 
  no , i 'm blaming what i consider leftist politics like open borders and not acting against problems like no-go-areas , regardless who implemented them and what he calls himself . 
  and people are not stupid . 
  they understand which party stands for which policy and they will eventually decide that europe needs another stand towards this threat . 
  iq has nothing to do with education . 
  and you wo n't get a better public education than in europe . 
  did you not understand my meaning ? 
  i said their policy towards immigration and immigrants is generally leftist , no matter where they stand in regards to other subjects . 
  concerning immigration , borders and policy towards problems with migrants , almost all western european governments are leftist . 
  not talking about other policies , only those concerning the above . 
  while i do n't think that this will happen , the problem is that the people are running out of options . 
  the left has up until now shown clearly that they ca n't handle the problem . 
  so people will either have to endure ... or look to the right if maybe they have a solution . 
  it 's already starting . 
  the right is on the rise everywhere in europe , even now in germany . 
  with each attack , this will grow until those parties come to power . 
  indeed . 
  pretty acurate article . 
  too bad those terrorist are to a big part western educated people . 
  did n't help all that much , do n't you think ? 
  actually the right is arguing for actions . 
  the left just dismisses them while their own solutions are not working at all - as you see today . 
  i agree with you - sadly , since i do n't want that . 
  but let 's be realistic i do n't see many other options to win this conflict . 
  imo it 's just a matter of time when the velvet gloves will come off because the european people wo n't stand this any longer . 
  ahhhh , just wait a bit longer , even we germans are eventually reaching the point where we 're sick of this shit . 
  they do n't care . 
  they attack everything and everyone who is not like them . 
  hahaha , good joke ... 
  because it 's quite hard to organize an ongoing terror campain . 
  you need to collect willing members and weapons , look out targets , plan the attacks and coordinate all involved . 
  and all this without notice of the security services . 
  that these guys are able to act so soon after paris shows the level of organization , planning and structure involved . 
  well , let them go . 
  everyone of them gone is one less to commit terroristic attacks in europe . 
  very good article which summons up the political situation concerning the afd very nicely . 
  too bad that you wo n't find many articles of that quality in the german press . 
  fat chance of turkey ever being in the eu ... 
  no flooding in italy yet . 
  seems the closed borders are sending the right message . 
  thank you !, 
  too bad she does n't act in the interest of germany ... 
  funny how all the parties on the right side of the middle are automatically `` populist '' ... 
  let me guess , you deduced that from my flag , right ? 
  you smart ... 
  you are trolling . 
  they have nothing whatsoever to do with nazis . 
  gender studies is pseudoscience bullshit !, 
  i hope that they will eventually called out and shut down for their crap . 
  very nice !, 
  i will use that from now on . 
  thanks !, 
  sadly , you are in the right here . 
  i had to read that twice to see the irony . 
  at least i hope that 's irony ... 
  pray tell , what exactly should we have done about it ? 
  actually , despite what merkel says , most germans do n't want to take even one more million any more . 
  this is actually mob-ideology . 
  `` you ca n't stop us , not because we are right , but because there is so many of us . '', 
  this must be stopped at all cost , or it sents a precedent , that with force you can break the law unpunished . 
  i know . 
  i just do n't think that they will necessarily move even farther to the right . 
  yeah , all nazis but mutti ... 
  as the spd is pretty much doing right now ... 
  so . . all this trouble for nothing ? 
  not sure about that . 
  while the sa-election has certainly empowered the far right part , the other two elections have empowered the moderates . 
  those who left almost all belonged to the circle of lucke . 
  they were indeed more moderate , so the party indeed shifted more to the right . 
  but enough moderates are left ( or entering now ) , that this shift to the right has to continue . 
  indeed , the west-german parts are a lot less extrem than the eastern german , and they too have gained power since yesterday . 
  so imo , the outcome is undecided and it will be interesting to watch . 
  i personally hope the moderates will prevail , because i would like a real conservative party again in germany . 
  you 're laughing , but in germany , everyone and everything right of the middle is literally hitler ... at least according to the media and the leftist . 
  the good news is , more and more people are not buying this any longer . 
  it 's also so that new parties tend to attract people who do n't find themselves in the existing parties and who see a chance to further their own views . 
  since those include extrem people , who are often more vocal than than moderates , new parties tend to look extrem from the outside . 
  in the end , a new party will get to a point where they have to decide if they follow the extremist or if they throw them out . 
  the greens did that , while the pirates failed and so went down . 
  eventually , the afd will have to decide if they want to be more like h\u00f6cke ( which will result in them dropping in votes ) or more like meuthen/petry , which might establish them in german politics . 
  the party is pretty young and so naturally has a lot of different people in it , from very right-wingers to moderate conservatives . 
  this happened in all young parties , pirates , greens , die linke and so on . 
  we will see where they are headed and they will eventually have to decide which way ( far right or moderate right ) they 'll follow and what to do with discenters . 
  now would n't that freak the poles out . 
  hehe ... \\ s, 
  no i have n't , because i do n't like them and i do n't agree with what i hear from them . 
  still , in the east they are as much of a volkspartei as cdu .
