  nice ... 
  you see that 's where we differ : i believe the original afd as a eurosceptic fdp variant has been superfluent , while the current afd ( minus the h\u00f6cke crowd ) is sorely needed . 
  the migrant crisis has shown that in some topics , there is zero opposition to the agenda of the other parties . 
  and that a significant part of the populace and their opinion is not represented in politics . 
  i believe that we need that opposition and i believe that these opinions need to be heard and represented in a functioning democracy . 
  thanks to the afd this is happening . 
  we see a significant rise in voter turnout since they entered he stage and opinions and politics which were considered anathema in 2015 are now discussed by other parties . 
  ( and hopefully implemented and carried through ! ), 
  that 's how democracy works : if there is a lack of representation now parties emerge and gain momentum or/and the other parties adapt those politics to recollect he voters . 
  so in that regard , afd is actually working as intended and hopefully will continue to do so as far as i am concerned . 
  we will see how it works out in the mid to long run . 
  good description . 
  i would just add that there are also a number of conservative cdu voters who are disgruntled with their party going left in the last years who would be very happy to join/vote for a true conservative party . 
  these people could be a true and lasting voter base for the afd assuring that they will stay as a permanent party in german politics . 
  that is , if they manage to get rid of the real extremists like h\u00f6cke , who alienates these kind of conservatives . 
  imo , in the next years we will see if the afd will manage to become a true conservative party or will turn into a second variant of the npd fading into obscurity in the process . 
  he is right to be distrustful . 
  it is a well known fact that the spiegel takes its directives straight from the president of san escobar . 
  i just see where this is going ... uk gets fucked because of brexit , nigel goes to germany with his wife and everybody starts believing he was a german agent , sent as a revenge for wwii ... 
  i appreciate your effort in trying to show reason to somebody oblivious . 
  sad to say it was pretty wasted on this guy . 
  never heard that being used outside the anthem . 
  see , the thing is this is an inherently stupid act . 
  while he is right in saying germany should be spending more money on defense , there is no bill to pay as germany not spending enough does not equal the us spending more . 
  this are two not at all related issues . 
  america spends as much money as it sees fit and germany spending more has no impact whatsoever on that . 
  so what he should have done is urging merkel to spend more ( to which she agreed to beforehand btw ) and then he could have gone out of the meeting presenting this as an success and being on good relations with germany . 
  what has happened is that he alienated germany , forcing it to reject his demands and making him look stupid in the process . 
  also you should not forget that there are upcoming elections in germany . 
  the way trump keeps on going will lead to people here rejecting stuff he wants just because it is him wanting that . 
  this might force our politicians hands if they want to get reelected . 
  kinda like it happened in holland with turkey . 
  so at the end of the day , trump is weakening the us by alienating its allies ... all the while not even getting anything in return for this . 
  and just that you know , i 'm a very conservative and patriotic german , the kind who might have sympathy for trump if he would n't fuck up at literally everything !, 
  now think about how left leaning germans will see this !, 
  hahaha , us reducing it 's military spending ... great joke buddy . 
  most people do n't like offensive nato-actions like the afganistan fiasco . 
  as a defensive pact , nato has and will have a clear majority here . 
  no , `` we '' stands not for germany . 
  most germans want to stay in nato . 
  you 're just talking for yourself here . 
  so , who betrayed you and when ? 
  i agree . 
  if you really would like to translate it you would have to use different words . 
  it has the same meaning as your english examples . 
  probably true . 
  but there is a , albeit very small , chance that since the article is from a non-german speaker it is simply a misinterpretation of merkels words . 
  i doubt that , though . 
  hmmm , i would say it 's very difficult , since it can be used in both ways in the exact same sentence structure . 
  : ich w\u00fcrde das jetzt nicht \u00fcberbewerten can both be translated as i would n't worry about it for now and i would n't worry about it much . 
  my best guess is that you can only relate to it from the context and emphasis of the speaker . 
  if jetzt is emphasized it probably is the time adverb . 
  if you find it in written form ( and not as a paraphrase of something said ) you can assume it is a time adverb . 
  edit : another clarification . 
  true , but it can still be used as such . 
  it is actually a shame that people fall for such clickbait . 
  the article is bordering fake news in the way it misinterprets merkels statements . 
  only that she said the exact opposite . 
  forgot an / s here ? 
  i like how they are all laughing . 
  i pretty much agree with your opinion of future relations insofar as we should stay close friends . 
  but i fear the negotiations will turn pretty harsh with a lot of bad feelings in the end . 
  to be honest , i 'm divided on this topic . 
  on the one hand , britain is economically and mentally pretty close to germany , so we lose a valuable ally in negotiatiating the course of the eu against the more spending-oriented southerners . 
  also , considering the state of international relations , britain would be a very valuable ally here , too . 
  on the other hand , britain often stood in the way of usefull reforms and projects ( atm eu army ) and aimed for special benefits , which i disliked . 
  so , i really do n't know . 
  time will tell , i guess . 
  nevertheless , best of luck to you guys . 
  k. pollack : arabs at war is an excellent read on this topic . 
  saudi arabia has a mighty army ? 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's army is practically worthless , it 's soldiers are inadequately trained and motivated , its officers are chosen for their loyalty to the regime and not their skills and it is rife with nepotism and corruption . 
  oh and they need foreign experts to deal with their hardware . 
  if sa would have to go against iran all on their own , they 'd be screwed . 
  source : k. pollack , arabs at war . 
  that you , erdolf ? 
  yeah . 
  emotions running high here . . 
  make frederick great again . 
  no they are not . 
  only a very small minority gets sent back almost all get to stay . 
  til you can remove a core . 
  ah , but they have a core . 
  ca n't relinquish those without war , i fear . 
  well , considering that the oppression the kurds faced and are facing is brought more and more against the whole population of turkey , this statement is actually coming to be true ... sadly . 
  pretty low effort , i 'd say . 
  the dutch army is already to a large part integrated with the german army . 
  i 'm getting kinda tired of erdogans shit . 
  him accusing germany of something is n't even newsworthy at this point . 
  beware the return of the northern gods !, 
  til , there are gollum experts in turkey ... 
  nahhh , you 'd need cheesy tactics for that , that 's no fun . 
  it 's the latter . 
  this is just a pr-stunt by hertha `` look , we are acting against right-wingers '' . 
  interesting info , thanks . 
  he is essentially running on a leftist populist agenda and not being his predecessor . 
  it 's all empty rethoric right now and one can expect that he will go down in the polls in the coming months . 
  ca n't compare the situation in germany to the other countries really . 
  the afd is polling between 8-15 % ( they lost in the schulz hype recently but will probably gan some in the months to come ) .
