  nevermind that gays are not treated as second class here . 
  when your parents are arabs or turks , you yourself are an arab or a turk . 
  and arabs or turks are almost all muslims . 
  it does n't make sense at all to imagine this in any different way . 
  just because a is a slight minority who does not fit in this one should not assume this is relevant here . 
  if you picture a lion , you will picture him the way almost all lions are , no matter that there are some white lions about . 
  thanks  i guess before my edit people thought i was just being salty . 
  where do you get `` we should not do x '' ? 
  people are not opposed to gay marriage for whatever reason , it 's just a non-issue for most . 
  he indeed acts very much like he wishes to further some kind of agenda . 
  the vast majority of germans are not opposed to gay marriage . 
  but they also think there are way more important topics which should be addressed by politics than this . 
  if you only know of this one incident in europe these past years , you have been living under a rock . 
  of course not . 
  a couple kids will get expelled ( and go to other schools ) and everyone will hope this gets forgotten soon . 
  and which does not get called out on it in politics or msm . 
  so ... never ? 
  do n't worry . 
  if you get some of them , chances are high they will pack up and leave in the night towards germany . 
  edit : for those downvoting me , this is exactly what happened with the few cases of immigrants being settled in eastern europe in the last year ( s ) . 
  are you sure this is hollywood 's fault ? 
  i always thought those ridiculous names in germany come from the german translators , trying to sound `` hip '' and `` cool '' . 
  nope , wo n't happen . 
  first , there is no incentive for all the people who know english to just start over with german . 
  second , even in schools german wo n't be replacing english as it is a pretty hard language to learn and worldwide english is just more beneficial for a student . 
  i agree . 
  this is annoying . 
  in a country , where there is no mandatory voting , those who do not vote , have no ground to complain afterward that the will of the majority of the voters is followed . 
  while technically true , the trend goes that way that parties promote the shadow chancellor/prime minister rather than the party or programm . 
  in germany it is all about merkel vs. schulz . 
  this is a dangerous line to tread , as it encourages `` strong man '' to gain power , like putin in russia . 
  the will of the people who do n't vote does n't count , obviously . 
  because somebody who could n't be bothered to vote does n't get a say in what will happen . 
  that 's part of the democratic process . 
  do n't mind him , he is alway making weird statements and assumptions . 
  actually i think this is the opposite . 
  rutte turned to the right ( telling people who wo n't integrate to leave ) and faced off turkey , so a lot of points wilders made had been adressed already . 
  it depends if rutte will keep this up . 
  if it shows that this was simply rethoric , wilders will gain in the next elections . 
  i do n't think so . 
  a vote for him shows the other parties where your preferences lie , forcing them either to change their politics of live with a rise in pvv . 
  which worked , btw , since rutte took to the right before the elections . 
  he was probably drunk again . 
  because they are cheap , bland , standard beer produced for a mass market . 
  it 's like if you compare macdonalds with a high quality restaurant . 
  everyone goes to macd because it 's fast and easy and it is eatable but if you want the good quality , you need to go to the restaurant where it 's more expensive , takes more effort and where there are meals you might not like because of the individual taste . 
  it 's the same with beer . 
  the small brands are more expensive , are harder to get ( if you do n't live close to them ) and might not be to your liking since they have an individual taste , but if you find those you like , boy they 're worth it . 
  if you 're ever in germany , go to special beverage shops ( getr\u00e4nkemarkt ) where they have a bigger number of brands than in the normal supermarkets and ask for regional or smaller brands . 
  all you say is true which is why i would not say that wilders won the election . 
  nevertheless it really was n't a debacle . 
  especially if you consider the crisis with turkey which surely helped rutte gain some votes in the end . 
  becoming second strongest party in parliament is n't a debacle in my book , even though he did n't get as many votes as expected . 
   so glad to find a place that agrees with my bigoted point of view and also allowed me to sell my dog to him for home made kebab soup . 
  discovered owner at the bottom of my bed breathing heavily and watching me sleep , it was comforting to know that the owner kept a close eye on his guests but hopefully there will be no trouble since the germans and the dutch are n't here . 
  ca n't recommend this place enough hilarious, 
  i think we should give this to our lithuanian friends in some kind of nice ceremony , celebrating and intensifying our relationship . 
  well ... 
  it can only be formed when you control danzig and k\u00f6nigsberg which might be slightly difficult right now . 
  i think our cores expired . 
  yes but chances are that cash transactions wo n't result in taxes . 
  which in turn results in harming greece 's financial situation . 
  i for one welcome our new lithuanian overlord . 
  besides , a lithuanian ruling over europe will sure as hell piss putin off . 
  you should pay by card and/or demand a recipe if you truly wish to support greece . 
  otherwise you might only help the black market . 
  in other breaking news , water is wet . 
  well , i figured you did n't create this , but seeing this here , by an us flair , was a nice surprise which made me chuckle . 
  so i think you earned your clap , 
  no need for the state to do anything . 
  germans see where they 're not welcome and act accordingly . 
  booking dropped by 60 % and that was before erdocunt started calling us nazis . 
  there wo n't be many german tourists for some years to come in turkey . 
  i 'm with you here . 
  my last holiday was in iceland in september ... and i loved it . 
  i would die in the mediterranean heat . 
  * slow clap *, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  well played !, 
  while true , pis stand towards germany is not new . 
  so it 's just smart to prepare beforehand . 
  alright , then i can understand poland 's anger about this . 
  on the other hand , considering a somewhat hostile attitude of the current polish government against germany , it makes a certain sense for us to bypass you guys here ( aka making us independent to threats ) , would n't you agree ? 
  til , gas-pipelines are one-directional . 
  thanks for the info . 
  thanks . 
  this sound like a reasonable complaint against nsii i would say . 
  ah , so poland ( and others ) fear that russia can play tho good ol' gas scheme with them like with ukraine without alienating germany in the process ? 
  that i can somewhat understand . 
  would it work though ? 
  since the energy market in europe is cross-linked , could n't poland just get the needed gas from germany ? 
  with russia being able to do shit about it if it does n't want to get in a conflict with germany ? 
  eli5 what 's the problem with nordstream ( besides poland being pissed that it ca n't collect on revenues ) ? 
  so what 's your point ? 
  if poles do n't like german-owned media , poles can discontinue to buy them , forcing them out of the market . 
  that 's how a free market works and there is nothing wrong with it . 
  that said , i highly disagree with an owner of a newspaper forcing its journalists to adhere to a certain agenda . 
  rather , a journalist should seek to report neutrally and stick to facts , so that the reader can make up his own thoroughly informed mind . 
  how so ? 
  edit : downvoting for asking a genuine question ?
