  what has this to do with media hysteria over the fall of aleppo ? 
  and the totally different coverage after the fall of mosul to is ? 
  un says it has sources which is a long way from saying this is a fact . 
  the western media ( in germany especially spiegel und zeit ) have gone full blown hysterical and took this vague infos as signs of an upcoming genocide . 
  since hey did n't do the same when militant islamists took cities in syria and iraq , i think it would be a very good idea to think about the media 's intention here . 
  again , no one says assad is the hero or something . 
  nevertheless , the story about killed baby 's in kuwait comes to mind here . 
  yes and the islamist scum did the same . 
  when is took raqqa i did not see any hysteria in western media as i do know and no darkening of the eifel tower either . 
  and if one believes the reports from raqqa and mosul , live is hell under he is . 
  but now that assad retakes allepo , everybody is crying left and right . 
  i call that bullshit and fearmongering . 
  because what is the alternative ? 
  letting the rebels win ? 
  i guess bombed with barrel bombs during fighting is better than burned alive or decapitated for following the wrong religion . 
  all very vage ... and let 's be honest here : if there really are only 83 dead civilians in the last couple days , it whould be a miracle . 
  this is a sectarian civil war we are talking about here , after all . 
  still , i 'm very sceptical about the western media here . 
  up until the fall of the last quarters of aleppo they kept talking about 350.000 civilians trapped there and we all know by now about the last hospital of aleppo which was destroyed twice a week . 
  so what i said . 
  nevermind the rethoric , he does not have to leave automatically . 
  not having a asylum permit does not equal having to leave the country , sadly . 
  it would be his decision to commit a serious crime here , if he knew he would be deported and still committed the crime , i would not care at all what then would happen to him . 
  his fault , his consequences . 
  you have obviously no idea about beer in general or beer in germany . 
  airbus bombed you in wwii ? 
  those bastards ... 
  even person in germany is required to carry id . 
  well , well , well , now is n't that a surprise ... / s, 
  it 's kinda interesting to see that those greens who are governing tend to move to the center while those in the opposition are strongly on the left side . 
  why should they come here , they wo n't get any money for 5 years . 
  those who find jobs are already coming , on the other side . 
  of course . 
  what else would it be ? 
  not sure . 
  italy would be my guess . 
  wo n't happen . 
  the countries in the north wo n't stand for this . 
  how will a debt write of enhance employment ? 
  actually the euro will probably become stronger when the weakest member leaves . 
  yes because we are a nation under one government which rules over all and therefore can enforce the same rules and laws for everyone . 
  somehow i ca n't believe the greek would like something like that very much , 
  i do n't think we will be sending more money to greece . 
  next time , they will leave the euro . 
  so what is your solution ? 
  continuously sending money to greece ? 
  no , greece needs to help itself first . 
  we ca n't continue to sink money there to no effect . 
  it 's more than that . 
  asking for any payments of whatever kind to greece right now would amount to political suicide in germany . 
  this simply ca n't happen right now . 
  came here to say that . 
  if he runs for chancellorship , the spd will get destroyed at the polls . 
  might even happen with schulz . 
  nah , he 's the best we 've got . 
  greece already got debt relief , since they do n't have to pay back huge sums until 2050 or something . 
  because of inflation these sums will be of lower worth than those today . 
  the debt is n't the problem , it 's the uncompetitiveness of greek 's economy , its structural deficiencies and the horrendous bureaucracy . 
  no amount of debt relief will solve these essential issues . 
  another incident like cologne would indeed spark up the heat . 
  enough ? 
  probably not . 
  the spd is a mess right now . 
  imo , there is not enough time for schulz to clean that up before the elections . 
  also i 'm not sure how popular he is with the electorate anyway . 
  right now , afd is around 10-15 % . 
  while i expect them to gain further percentages , they wo n't get enough to really stop merkel . 
  while i agree in general , there is almost no scenario where she would n't stay chancellor . 
  the only realistic alternative is a coalition of three left-wing parties and i really do n't see that happening . 
  allright , you 're a troll . 
  have fun . 
  the difference is that if nothing dramatic happens merkel is assured to win . 
  which is why a right-wing party is currently the strongest there . 
  yes it is all crap what you are saying . 
  period . 
  no you are n't , this looks terrific . 
  yes , while the attacks were directed against the civilian districts . 
  like i said : not only a terror attack . 
  while terror was ( probably ) one goal of the attack , the main goal was to clear the bridges from the defenders and resume the advance . 
  this is not necessarily a justification for the attack , but there is a distinction to the later-war bombings which had no goal but to terrorize the populace . 
  to put some context ( not an apology ! ), 
  into this : this was n't a pure terror attack like the bombings of london or dresden , but had a definite military goal . 
  the wehrmacht needed the rotterdam bridges to advance on their tight timetable through holland and belgium and engage the french troops before they could retreat and so tried to capture them with disguised soldiers and regular attacks beforehand . 
  when they could n't capture the bridges by conventional means , they threatened the bombing and the dutch commander stalled the negotiations to gain time for the allies . 
  so the bombers where ordered to attack . 
  when the dutch suddenly agreed to surrender , germany tried to stop the attack but could only reach half of the bombers which indeed turned back . 
  most of the others did n't get the signals even though a plane was sent after them and signals on the ground where displayed to stop them . 
  only the last couple planes saw those signals and aborted the attack . 
  so while this was a very ruthless attack , it was ordered to gain a military goal and everything was done to try to stop it when it was seen as not necessary anymore . 
  wow ... every single sentence of yours is totally wrong and has nothing to do with reality . 
  i have no clue where you get your information , but you should consider using new reputable sources and not twitter or something like that . 
  and if you vote wrong , you 're an imbecile . 
  brave new world ... 
  im telling you people do n't like to be bullied or harassed by a group of guys telling them what to do and what not to do . 
  it 's easy . 
  people read this and will think that the german law and politics is not tough enough against this kind of bullying behaviour and encroachment by islamic extremists . 
  so they feel they have to vote for the party who promises to not tolerate shit like that . 
  hah , i 'm in . 
  and people wonder why afd is gaining at the polls ... 
  i do n't think so .
