  and way more into realpolitik than on federal level . 
  so labeling all their voters as idiots is simply wrong . 
  life can be very simple when all who hold other views can be labeled as idiots . 
  of course they do n't have competence for government . 
  they are a new party , where should it come from when you do n't have any experience in the parliamentary system . 
  that 's why they will enter the opposition where they will hopefully learn how to act in parliament . 
  nope . 
  kretschmann is . 
  in the other states , the greens lost big time . 
  normaly you are right , but today the vote changed quite a lot from 6 to now . 
  i think in that time the afd gained ca . 
  3 % in bw . 
  have n't seen something like that ever . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  in germany , they are considered far right , because all other parties are a lot further to the left . 
  in a european context they would be seen as center-right . 
  it will be interesting to see if they manage to establish themselves as a normal party in the political enviroment . 
  they were treated pretty good in todays tv shows , so there is a good chance that the hysterical undertone in germany 's media might get reduced . 
  gr\u00fcne might fall out yet . 
  then it will be very interesting . 
  nope . 
  that 's what all voters who were asked think why the afd was elected . 
  this was not a question put only before afd voters . 
  nice . 
  that 's what you think . 
  some people think otherwise , als we 'll see tonight . 
  it 's that condescending attitude , which makes people vote afd . 
  that and that it is the only real opposition party when it comes to immigration . 
  a lot of people are fed up with `` wir schaffen das '' and wish for more conservative politics . 
  so i expect and hope for many votes for afd , so that the other party learn that they ca n't just rule above the head and against the will of the souvereign !, 
  a lot of the normal germans see this also . 
  too bad that their voices are not heard . 
  true . 
  but at that point they would have to get rid of merkel to get those people back . 
  ca n't see that at the moment . 
  that 's the way a small party starts to gain waight/votes . 
  if they want to survive longer , they eventually have to start adressing other topics , but for the beginning concentrating on `` the most important '' topic is a good strategy . 
  actually , if they get rid of the h\u00f6cke-types , and get more professional in pr they are good to go . 
  like i said , germany needs a good conservative/moderate right party . 
  i would assume they have a voter potential of 10-20 % . 
  depends if they have the same kind of infighting and stupid trolls the pirates had . 
  if they can keep party discipline and continue to not fight away voters , they will be around for a long time , since they will atract a big pool of conservative germans , who do n't have a party for them right now . 
  this is too one-sided imo . 
  the afd is a new party in progress and where they will end up is not decided . 
  they arme right now collecting a lot of people from the conservative middle up to the extrem right and it will depend on who will get the majority there where they will end up positioning themselves . 
  a new party almost always has in the beginning an influx of extrem people , think of the greens and the paedophiles !, 
  but if the afd wants to become sucessful , they have to get rid of the most extreme people . 
  then they have a got chance of occupying a place on the right of the cdu , which has lost a lot of their conservative followers by going middle/left in the last years . 
  and imo , germany would very well need a new and real conservative/patriotic party as a balance to the left . 
  not surprising , since they are a new party after they split up . 
  every new party started out as a one-topic-group , getting more programm along he way . 
  this can happen with he afd also , but they would he stupid not to use the migrant topic right now to the fullest . 
  who cares what the un has to say ? 
  it is a giant joke . 
  he probably got his `` facts '' from bild and antifa . 
  yeah . 
  this words gets flung around so much lately , it has pretty much lost any meaning in todays context . 
  if the greens hear that ... 
  germany stronk . 
  indeed . 
  fuck those politicians who want to create rifts between poland and germany !, 
  both countries and people should continue to get closer to each other . 
  propaganda in this case means showing only or mostly pictures of small children and maybe women when reporting about migrants . 
  last year when there were 70 % young men coming , the german media in a vast majority showed pictures of miserable looking women and children , guilt-tripping people in feeling sorry for them . 
  therefore , when they now report stuff like that again , i mistrust their narrative . 
  do n't give our shit politicians any ideas !, 
  hopefully they keep this up and that they do n't let themselves be pressured by propaganda-pictures into opening the borders again . 
  you 're right that in the moment it does n't work like that - it does n't work at all . 
  but you asked how it could work and that would be the way . 
  force them to stay in a country of europa 's chosing or deny them asylum . 
  we would just have to enforce this . 
  if you take their fingerprints in the country they are asigned to and share this data , they have no right for benefits in any other country . 
  so if they want to have money , welfare and housing , they have to stay where they were sent to . 
  we have `` voll wie hundert russen '' - drunk as a hundred russians . 
  we have this one in germany also . 
  well , take their fingerprints , upload them into an european register - problem solved . 
  i wish we could . 
  but sadly , the politicans do n't act . 
  maybe after the state elections next week will we see some change . 
  i kinda doubt it , though . 
  belgian jokes were quite popular in germany too , back in the nineties . 
  so , giving your internet access to complete strangers without checking what they 're doing is going to bit you in the ass . 
  who would 've thought ? 
  especially not the one where the dutch kicked your ass . 
  iraq was a mistake , no doubt about it . 
  but lybia ? 
  without western intervention , chances are high it would look like syria today . 
  and in both cases , the strife and war came from internal sources , without foreign intervention . 
  is and everything else was added later to the fuel , in the beginning it was the people there who rose up on their own . 
  how about you show those 14 year old white supremacist killers to us ? 
  our broomsticks will sweep them all up ... 
  if those countries would either get their shit together on their own or stop sending masses of uneducated people to europe while slugging it out , we would n't need to invade them . 
  dark . 
  have an upvote . 
  indeed . 
  and still the west gets blaimed for all the shit that 's going on there . 
  as if , after 50 years , they are not responsible for their own deeds . 
  i mean , look at asia . 
  they got their shit together and got functioning states and societies up and running for the most part . 
  he is one of the most ( in ) famous green politicians .
