  i truly feel sorry for the innocent greeks and i really hope that maybe some good can come out of this mess , that you can really reform your country and that there will be a good future ahead . 
  normaly yes , but at that point , after the election and the closed banks , after months of political shitstorms in every direction and greeks getting their money out , there was nearly no foreign money left and there was literary nobody who would have given them any cash . 
  frankly at that point , nothing what sch\u00e4uble said or did would have had an impact on finance markets . 
  or do you think they would have accepted the deal if there had been any alternative ? 
  got ta lure them in my dark castle yet . 
  then we can monopolize the blutwurst-trade , 
  the greeks were very efficient in doing that all by themselves . 
  hell , even the greeks themselves got their money out as long as they could . 
  ze evil germans ... 
  yeah , like it 's our fault that people who wish to invest money go to germany and not to greece ... 
  wait , they do n't wan na come to germany ? 
  what 's wrong with these people ? 
  i guess if two nations fight it out who will rape your land and people , the deaths of their soldiers do n't mean that much to you anymore . 
  understandable . 
  you should have , since he is right . 
  there are no serious arguments for your view . 
  the difference between austrians and say saxons is not bigger than the one between bavarians and rhinelander . 
  yeah , that sounds reasonable . 
  hm ... i would say french and germans are different ethnics , but different races ... definitely not . 
  germans and e.g. 
  chinese are different races . 
  but german and dutch are neither imo . 
  either my understanding of the word `` ethnic '' is wrong , or your example makes no sense . 
  because dutch and germans are n't different ethnics , they are essentially the same , only that they have been divided through borders so long ( 800 years ? ), 
  that they speak different languages now . 
  as far as i know , this is the only difference between these people . 
  yeah , and when shtf , everybody will be wondering how that could happen ... as if nobody could have foreseen it ... 
  what about it ? 
  well , it 's kinda a moot point , since most of these people ( when coming from germany ) are german citizens and there is no legal way to keep them out . 
  therefore the trials . 
  but no , if i had a say , i would seek a way to keep them out . 
  the danger is imo to high , that these people will continue their dirty work when they are back . 
  i mean , with all the media coverage , you have to be very naiv not to know what you are getting into when you decide to join is . 
  if they join another terrorist organization , e.g. 
  al-nusra , they got the same sentences waiting as when they join is . 
  i do n't know though what happens if they join a regular force or an organization not seen as terroristic , e.g. 
  the iraqi kurds . 
  the question is , do we want them to come back ? 
  as far as i am concerned , all those people going to join is can stay there until they are killed . 
  hell , i would n't even let them back in . 
  since you ' r talking to people here who come from regions with a lot of roma , your statistc is a moot point , imo . 
  probably as good as one would imagine ... we do n't have real problems , probably because there simply are n't enough here , but there is no integration or anything like that . 
  to tell the truth , most people do n't want them in their vicinity . 
  yes i do know that . 
  so what ? 
  the council is the heart of the un . 
  and it lives or dies with the opinion of the powerful nations . 
  how is the un influential ? 
  nobody gives a shit what they say , except the big nations force other to . 
  essentially , the big boys decide if what the un wants is ok or not . 
  if for example the usa is against something , it wo n't happen or is ignored . 
  the un is nothing more than a diplomatic round table , where the powerful decide what will or will not happen . 
  then who 's leia ? 
  lagarde ? 
  indeed !, 
  the un is totally worthless in every regard . 
  the way it is run now , we could as well abolish it and nobody would care . 
  italy nothing just made me laugh very hard ... great job , 
  and merkel as imperatrix , while the greeks are the rebels ? 
  i just imagine varoufakis as chewbacca ... 
  yeah , this should happen , but in our existing cultural climate it wo n't . 
  if wie would try something like that , the political left and all the ethnics would ne screaming and whining about cultural racism and evil germans trying to oppress migrants . 
  we had a discussion about something similar a while back and it turned out exactly this way . 
  it 's more or less the later , even though you should be carefull not to generalize too much . 
  they mostly live in their own communities and you seldom find , that the ethnic groups really mix . 
  it 's not yet as bad as in france , but with more immigrants coming , it sure will be in the future . 
  multiculturalism does n't work , because there are really no incentives for it to work right now . 
  same goes for assimilation , there are already too many of some ethnics here for that to be an option . 
  and the incentives are missing , too . 
  cool . 
  that are exactlly the same russians , which are still liked in europe ... 
  seriously , you guys have a lot of trouble for years to come . 
  all the relevant countries are pissed at you and will have nothing to do with you . 
  so you turn to china , which at best is an unreliable friend and at worst just seeks to rip you off . 
  glorious future ahead of you , i 'm sure . 
  way to go russia . 
  you went from a country that was seen rather positively in germany right down to the bottom . 
  was that really worth it considering you got a backward half-isle and a crumbling economy ? 
  the baltic will feel crushed i guess ... 
  depends . 
  it used to mean anal sex , but it could also mean sex with animals . 
  today , i would say it 's mostly used for the later , even though some , e.g. 
  the religious right , probably still uses it for the former . 
  dirty porn ? 
  wtf ... 
  i do n't see that coming . 
  essentially , i would say that it 's in the german and the eastern european interest to keep closer relations , because that benefits them all . 
  also , the german idea of how the eu and ez should be run is way more closely to eastern europe than to the southerners . 
  * facepalm * to myself . . damn , the colors fitted so i did n't look to closely . 
  teaches me right , i guess . 
  if it helps , we hate your cars and caravans on our autobahnen ... 
  yeah , she most definetely should be fired for this disgusting behaviour !, 
  something like that . 
  aiding attempted murder or plain involvment in a civil war might come to mind . 
  sounds kinda hart , but this depends if one believes she crossed some line there . 
  for example , in germany , if you partake in a civil war abroad , you get sentenced to prison . 
  but i doubt she would qualify . 
  considering that in the past , voting on and actually implementing a reform did n't always match up , this scepticism is very much justified . 
  i 'm wondering : is there a possible way in which she might get legal repercussions for this act ? 
  like in britain ?
