  it 's some tinfoil-hat bullshit , were it counts the chinese deaths of the korean war as victims of the us . 
  and the rest is n't much better . 
  and china is still a dictatorship and massive corrupt country , which does n't care about anything else than themselves . 
  being against trump because of muuhhhh fascism and being for china requires some massive mental gymnastics . 
  that is , if you 're not a communist to beginn with . 
  edit : yeah , some 60 million `` accidental deaths '' . 
  nice apologist here . 
  how so ? 
  the chinese killed way more people under mao than the us in all of their existence . 
  this . 
  also , people are very much opposed to , the idea of some shady courts without publicity where companies can sue countries . 
  poland can into the us ... 
  is n't it nice to have somebody at hands to blame for your own failings ... 
  you do know that the current fiscal and interest policies extremly hurt german ordinary people , who basically get no interns for their money and through this finance other countries , yes ? 
  this is the russia option . 
  sch\u00e4uble does n't hate e southern countries . 
  he just believes than one should not spend money that one does n't have . 
  especially if the same people then come to germany with a `` gim me '' attitude . 
  while i generally agree with you here , you are being a bit unfair to kohl . 
  the euro was a necessity to get france to agree to the unification . 
  if he had not done this , france might have gotten in bed with thatcher and stalled the whole thing . 
  do you have a source for his popularity ? 
  because as far as i know , most people do n't really know much about him . 
  well , elections are coming up and wilders is breathing down his neck . 
  so it 's pretty similar the system in germany , good to know . 
  still , she has to have the money beforehand , to launch a meaningful campaign . 
  so she has to get it somewhere . 
  i would love to see something like in britain tbh . 
  just for the lulz . 
  depends on the outcome i 'd guess . 
  if someone critizises both for this position , i have absolutely no problem with this . 
  in fact , i would agree . 
  it 's just the people who go all out against le pen while keeping quiet about fillon i would see as biased . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but this is a loan from a russian bank , which she took because she could not get one from a french bank , right ? 
  and she has to repay this loan , does n't she ? 
  i do n't actually care that much , i just think it is interesting that , depending on party affiliation , a position is ridiculed , while the same point expressed from another party/person is somehow no problem . 
  that 's not only the case with le pen here , btw , but something you can see between a lot of parties/political groups . 
  something i think to be very annoying . 
  a political opinion should be weighted for itself , not for the people expressing it . 
  edit : btw , i strongly disagree with lifting the sanctions against russia . 
  change yes to no and you have even an even smaller percentage and with the same validity as the one you use . 
  the simple fact is , of out of all the people eligible to vote , a majority of votes cast was done in favor of brexit . 
  point closed . 
  i 'm wondering if the people , who accuse le pen of being a pawn of moscow claim the same thing about fillon now too . 
  while i really think you guys fucked up and i really wish this whole shit-show to be over , ignorant and resentful people like gaudeamuss sometimes make me wish you to do well , just to spite people like him . 
  yeah this does n't work that way . 
  you ca n't count all the non-voters to the pro-eu vote . 
  this is simply wrong to the point of lying . 
  again , this has nothing to do with isolationism but rather with strategic access to resources . 
  for example , one reason for the `` lebensraum im osten '' ideology of nazi germany was the blockade germany suffered in wwi and the resulting food shortages . 
  so , to not be dependable on and assaiable through food from other countries , germany wanted to gain these resources through conquest . 
  same with japan and oil , btw . 
  you 're bullshiting around with semantics here . 
  it does n't matter where a word originates from , it only matters in which way people use it . 
  `` antisemitic '' means anti-jew because literally nobody uses it in a different way . 
  kind of like `` gay '' describes homosexual people , even if the word used to mean something different once . 
  language evolves , you know . 
  this last thing is something i can most definitely agree with . 
  getting the defense union going would be a very worthwhile action - if implemented competently . 
  thank you , i totally agree with you here . 
  i disagree with you here . 
  at least , that 's not how i understand what he said . 
  if he meant it the way you think , i would not agree with that , at least the `` forgetting '' part . 
  regardless , i stand by what i said here . 
  like i said , i think you are overly optimistic . 
  it 's not so much that people are afraid of losing their identity , its rather that they wonder `` what do we have to do with those people '' ? 
  you can see this imo again in the rise of the right-wing parties in europe , which have a lot of support especially in the younger and middle-aged population , rather than the older generation ( with britain being the exception ) . 
  speeding the process of integration up wo n't work , it will lead to the opposite . 
  one has nothing to do with the other . 
  the expansionist powers at that time , italy , germany , russia , japan , had the political goal to expand their borders , some for ideological reasons ( russia and italy ) some for economic reasons ( japan ) , some for both ( germany ) . 
  the economic policies were shaped in accordance with these political goals , not the other way around . 
  the thing is , do you ( meaning other europeans ) truly want us to step up ? 
  i do n't think so to be honest . 
  non of the above lead to war . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i think this is very much wishful thinking you express here . 
  i see quite the opposite , a further political union without a cultural union , that is , the people of the eu thinking of themselves rather eu than national . 
  and this is one of the reasons for the rise of the right nowadays . 
  look at how the greek crisis has given help to the rise of the afd . 
  a further integration must be a natural occurrence and in line with the will of the people . 
  it ca n't be forced top down or it will further resentment . 
  as is happening right now . 
  there is actually no example of isolationism bringer horror to the world . 
  what you are talking about is expansionism , pretty much the opposite in fact . 
  again , thanks . 
  but to be honest , in rl i am normally pretty careful to whom i would say such things . 
  not because i do n't believe them to be correct , but because i 'm not interested in any repercussions this might have . 
  i have a family and i do n't need to get on someone 's shit list who knows where i live and who might take action because he thinks everybody not agreeing with him is a nazi . 
  i have no trouble discussing these kind of topics with people who do n't agree with me and of whom i know to respect others opinion and i often do so . 
  but with people i do n't know good enough i 'm circumspect . 
  it 's kinda sad that it has to be that way . 
  there is one big difference between german and anglo-saxon ( as ) business culture which comes into play here and which a lot of people do n't seem to know : as business culture is about shareholder value , while german 's is about stakeholder value . 
  to put it into somewhat simplistic terms , as companies will mostly try to look as good as possible , with the best income , roi and whatnot to satisfy their shareholders . 
  while german companies ( if they have the means to do so ) will mostly try to show a measured , sustainable and resilient economic success . 
  german economic law ( hgb ) expressly forbids one to value himself to be richer than one is , because the overall goal is to assure the loan givers have a reasonable outlook at the company and a protection of their invested money and the continuance of the business is assured . 
  this difference imo leads to a culture in the as , which furthers short-term success for the value of the stocks , while companies with a german business-culture rather look at the long-term continuance of their respective firm . 
  in regards to brexit , this means that while a hard stance by germany will lead to short-term loses for german companies , a soft stance holds the prospect of even more loses when other countries feel encouraged to follow britain 's lead . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , if they get lucky they might get 20 % , but i think they will role around 15 . 
  on the other hand , to form a government they would need probably only around 40 % , because only those parties above 5 % will get into the parliament .
