  here is no way in hell they will come even close to winning !, 
  a victory for them would be a vote around 15 % upwards . 
  the difference to next next biggest party is indeed quiet big , true . 
  still , with rutte showing spine against turkey i would have expected them to even gain votes . 
  well ... losing a quarter of your votes does n't sound like a landslide in my book though ... 
  some would , indeed . 
  nevertheless , since such a decision would be unretractable and has very serious impacts upon one 's future , i believe most would think very hard upon this and decide according to the ties and links they have ( and feel ) to the respective nations/cultures . 
  the point is not to strip them of dutch citizenship . 
  the point is to make them make a decision about it . 
  naturally people would chose the nationality to which they have a higher degree of loyalty . 
  thus , a nation would ( better ) know which people it can relied upon and which not . 
  i agree . 
  the actual crisis with turkey shows that you simply ca n't have a double loyalty . 
  this only works if there is no strife , no problem between nations . 
  if there is , you ( will ) have to make up your mind where your true affiliation lies at some point - with all the potential consequences for a nation , if part of their citizenry becomes disloyal . 
  way better to make that decision beforhand and finally . 
  and making a move against climate change at the same time . 
  he genius is . 
  yeah , it 's not like the dutchbat could have avoided this , even if they knew what was coming . 
  it is highly unlikly that they would have gotten air support and even with it they stood no chance in ground combat operations against an enemy ten time stronger and way more motivated than them . 
  well , since the difference between yes and no was miniscule also i do think that the refugee issue did indeed play a small , but nevertheless important part . 
  it maybe even tipped the balance . 
  in theory what you say makes sense and sounds good . 
  but in practice it is nearly impossible for us stabilizing or improving these countries ( besides supporting some dictator like in egypt , which has it 's own set of problems ) . 
  besides the fact , that the people there might have different goals from us as to how their countries should be run , the majority of the people have to want our help , which ( besides getting our money ) is not going to happen anytime soon . 
  to get where we are today , europe had to fight several major wars to get rid of the clerical and noble old elite . 
  i fear that the mena-countries ( and a lot of other african ones ) will have to go through the same upheaval before it gets better there . 
  i think the netherlands gave an appropiate response . 
  all of this does not exclude closing our borders . 
  besides , migrants are already drowning with no signs of improvments . 
  you think that 's a good situation ? 
  edit : just to clarify , i am not advocationg sinking those boats , but to stop ferrying them all to europe . 
  that 's why we do n't do so . 
  still , we should eventually not let major provocations pass without reaction , as it invites even more . 
  so we should just continue with what we 're doing ? 
  no matter that in the long run , way more people are going to drown because more and more will try to come ? 
  does n't sound like a good strategy i would say . 
  oh , and nevermind that this will also mean to continuously accept migrants in europe , with all the problems which they bring and no good idea what to do with them . 
  or we accept neither and tell them to fuck off . 
  well you would have to let drown only a couple people , since news about this would go around pretty fast , stoping the majority from trying . 
  to be honest , this way we would probably see way less dead in the mediterranean than right now . 
  edit : just to clarify , the preferable solution would be to force the boats to return whence they came . 
  i am not advocationg sinking those boats !, 
  there is a time for trying to calm down the emotions and there is a time to stand up for your country , people and beliefs , because otherwise you are seen as weak and inconsequential . 
  today , everybody is a nazi . 
  small chance for that . 
  german ministers ( spd and cdu ) are all spineless cowards . 
  they wo n't stand up to turkey . 
  and germany does nothing . 
  again . 
  this is embarassing and insulting . 
  and still our politicians do n't show some spine and wo n't refuse erdogan and his dickheads to speak in germany . 
  embarrassing and disgusting !, 
  does n't matter , i as a german would like to be used as an effigy by young women . 
  because by not sending them away you put their security higher than the security of the people whom they commit crimes against . 
  `` hey do you want to pick my berries ? '', 
  basic kindergarden economy . 
  in real life , it 's a little bit more complicated . 
  while true , i implore everyone to try the `` franziskaner royal '' seasonal brand . 
  this is truly a great wei\u00dfbier . 
  considering that the people of bolivia see what might happen in a socialist `` dream come true '' in venezuela right in their neighbourhood , i can understand why they are more and more reluctant to embrace similar policys ... 
  i 'm not defending the british position here , i 'm just stating that keeping the british retirees is to spains benefit . 
  spain would be pretty stupid to change these rules , as most of these brits are retirees spending their money in spain . 
  spain benefits from them hugely . 
  yeah , and your comparison of euro-sceptic parties with the nazis is a rethoric and intellectual highlight , 
  this is a totally stupid and inept comparison . 
  so you 're against democracy , yes ? 
  shame on you !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_standard_bosnian,_croatian,_montenegrin_and_serbian yeah , you 're wrong . 
  well , that is actually exactly what it means . 
  reminds me of this girl who went from italy to the middle east in a wedding gown to promote world peace or something like that . 
  guess what happened to her . 
  at least we did n't pay for him again . 
  evil , 
  it 's w\u00f6rk , thank you very much . 
  ca n't view it ... at least in germany ... 
  eli5 that please ? 
  well , that sounds fair to me . 
  if enough scandinavians join , we could call their unit division wiking ... ^ / s ^ obviously, 
  you either ca n't or wo n't understand what i 'm saying . 
  not really my problem though . 
  i have no idea why you try to make this an ad hominem discussion about me . 
  i 'm talking about media 's and people 's reactions in europe and in sweden . 
  fact is , the swedes action got international headlights and a shitstorm , the french did n't . 
  my guess is that is because the french do n't run around calling themselves feminists . 
  but maybe they managed to keep this situation low profile . 
  i have no idea and i really do n't care . 
  if i would have heard about it , i would have disliked it also . 
  well , you 're obviously not interested in a further meaningful conversation . 
  have a good day . 
  you know , politics is an interesting and fluid subject . 
  one 's action may not have any impact , while the same action by another actor will cause massive waves . 
  i indeed do not remember anything about france doing something like that . 
  but i do remember german femal members of government going to saudi arabia and not doning this clothing being applauded for it . 
  and i see sweden 's self proclaimed `` feminist government '' getting a shitstorm for their action in iran - at home and abroad . 
  so my point stands . 
  what has my comment to do with this issue ? 
  maybe . 
  but if they took money from russia , would n't they have to declare it ? 
  i think i remember something like that from the parteienfinanzierungsgesetz .
