  and escalating after that . 
  he essentially accused us of preparing for another round of war . 
  he probably was trolling . 
  with such a friend , who needs enemies ? 
  and let 's not forget your recent war against the isle of scilly https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_hundred_and_thirty_five_years%27_war, 
  yes because 1 . 
  nato ( including britain ) is all over us to do this for years so we can better pull our weight in joint operations 2 . 
  russia has become a growing threat to our allies in the east and 3 . the bundeswehr is in desperate needs to modernize and update it 's hardware to be able to fullfil it 's role of defending the country . 
  to even suggest that we 're on our way to be able or to want to attack any of our neighbours is a serious insult and only shows how delusional this guy is . 
  more like 180.000 . 
  and only because we reduced the numbers after the fall of communism . 
  ~ ~ oh and there 's no foreign limit on our army strength . ~ ~ indeed , nato is always urging us to spend more money on our warfighting capacity . 
  edit : ah i just read that wie agreed to limit our army to a maximum of 370.000 men . 
  my are n't we paranoic ... 
  so , how is germany expanding it 's forces right now ? 
  any source for that ? 
  and what do you think we 're up to ? 
  invading your isles ? 
  like seriously ? 
  damn that 's gon na be hard to tell all our army guys in the last 60 years that they 're just part of a big hoax . 
  if they just would have known that they did n't had any real weapons ... 
  haha valid concerns ? 
  you 're simply an ignorant living in the past with no connections to the real world . 
  i hate to break it to you but germany rearmed about 60 years ago . 
  and we 're actually allied to you guys . 
  try to google nato . 
  oh and i really have no clue in what weird would you got ta live that a joint german-netherland missile defence operation constitutes a threat to the uk . 
  like i said : get a life . 
  huh ? 
  a little butthurt , are n't we ? 
  well , then you should fit perfectly with brit girls ... , 
  so the poles ? 
  * trolling intensifies *, 
  what ? 
  indeed . 
  but this justification was put away with through the enlightenment and secularisation . 
  and until islam goes through similar movements/developments , it is a danger to our society . 
  the same is true for the arab/western asian cultures , which desperatly need to modernize . 
  yes you are . 
  now turkey will be turned into a total dictatorship . 
  well played , i guess . 
  actually all those `` opposed '' came out after it was clear the coup would fail . 
  if they had come down hard on all opposition i guess more would have sided with them or kept quiet . 
  it seems there was apparently not enough planning . 
  it would seem that it is over . 
  as far as one can tell , the military failed because they tried to so this without force . 
  bad idea , if you try to revolt . 
  now there 's gon na be hell to pay . 
  holy fuck what 's going on these days ... i hope this will leed to a good end in turkey . 
  this is some state-level trolling , 
  soooo ... does this mean that russia guarantees europe ? 
  yeah , the moment your decision involves/concerns us we have every fucking right to make our opinion heard . 
  so we always hear this story . 
  `` germany should spend more money . '', 
  like that is something which can be ordered from above . 
  so tell me , how should one make the german public and companies spend money ? 
  stupid comparison , do n't you think ? 
  i agree . 
  why should i feel sad for this man ? 
  it was his own decision to participate here and he knew the risks . 
  those car-stealing-jokes were a thing of the ' 90ies . 
  have n't heard one of those for a looooong time . 
  mostly our opponents , though ... 
  also , if the need arises , we could build a bomb in a couple of months . 
  there was never a chance of a peaceful german unification at that time . 
  this simply could not have happened . 
  the 1848 parliament was doomed to fail the moment russia helped austria to gun down it 's revolutionaries . 
  after that they would have acted against the german parliament if prussia would n't have done it . 
  also , the unification of all of germany would always have had to be enforced against austria and france , both of which would never have allowed this to happen without having been defeated in the field . 
  it was bismarck 's genius to create a climate where germany could fight them one after the other , and each one alone . 
  without bismarck and his wars , the german unification would not have been possible at that time . 
  www.monster.de www.stepstone.de, 
  and you do have the best beer in the world in franconia !, 
  all hail to all those small breweries . 
  yes . 
  source : been there on holidays . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  he has no chance whatsoever of winning . 
  he is a spineless idiot who has lost any understanding of what the people are interested in and so is just messing around wondering why his polls go down . 
  that is not true . 
  all those on one-euro-jobs and similar things will get their wage upgraded with benefits . 
  which is better than living solely on benefits . 
  did n't all countries ( including britain ) state that immigration rules will only apply to new immigrants between eu and britain and that all citizens who had moved beforehand will be allowed to stay ? 
  ... and getting the lowest unemployment rate of the last 30 years . 
  but i guess we should have followed france 's example , yes ? 
  there is a lot to blame russia for , but certainly not islamistic extremism . 
  we also ca n't send arab extremists back because ` meh human rights ' . 
  it 's disgusting !, 
  yeah i too stumbled over this phrase . 
  sounds indeed weird ... 
  and let 's not forget the harziv-laws . 
  these really pushed our economy . 
  no they are not . 
  well if you 're fighting part of your society on their own homeground you 're bound to loose some fighters ... 
  war between european countries ? 
  no there is no reason to , only if russia goes batshit-crazy . 
  but i think there are high chances we will get some kind of race-oriented strife/unrest between ethnic europeans and the growing muslim population . 
  well , the contract says anything over a hundred grant is not protected which is ok , imo . 
  if you put 100.000 in a bank , one can expect of you to make sure this is a wise investment aka look how the bank is doing . 
  also i believe it to be ok that we put a limit on the sum the society guarantees .
