  from an ee perspective , being against ee immigrants in the west is actually a good thing because it might stop the brain drain west and lead to people returning . 
  just saying ... 
  there is no free movement with the mena region . 
  being a leader takes an active role . 
  i do n't think we 're gon na do so . 
  if you read those `` gems '' he essentially says we should stop making the holocaust and wwii the center of our history and rather start looking more into and learning more of other , better things , happenings and people of the past . 
  while i 'm certainly no fan of him , he 's not wrong in this regard . 
  i 'm kinda tired of this concentration on this part of our history . 
  btw , this does n't mean we should forget the third reich , but there are other aspects to germany 's history worth imploring imo . 
  i do n't think most germans care for being the leader of the free world . 
  being the most powerful nation in the eu is already taxing enough . 
  you think that 's a woman ? 
  damn ... 
  so , which country are you from , you poor oppressed soul ? 
  pretty low effort for a troll . 
  at least try to look as if you want to make a honest statement . 
  indeed . 
  they can protest all day long if they so wish . 
  even if it makes them look ridicoulus . 
  i like how he looks up briefly to see if he is still on camera . . 
  15 % in the polls to the bundestag ? 
  seriously ? 
  sorry , but i kinda doubt that . 
  and they 're done for because of infighting . 
  the nutjobs took over and pushed the serious people away . 
  while that may still happen in the afd , i doubt that it will . 
  the fp\u00d6 and pvv will probably the biggest parties in their respective countries in the next election . 
  and the question is not if afd will climb over the 5 % hurdle , it is if they manage to get more votes than the spd , which might very well happen . 
  who would have guessed ... 
  alright you do n't have anything substantial , you 're just talking out of your ass . 
  goodbye then . 
  you said you think they send many back . 
  how do you come to this opinion ? 
  because i have not seen any news which suggest this . 
  * evil laugh *, 
  why do you think so ? 
  any news on that subject ? 
  most of us do n't . 
  rather , most other countries do n't want german leadership . 
  it seems people get triggered if germany tells them what to do . 
  so i believe we should n't even try and spare us the hassle and name-calling . 
  do you have a source for merkel admitting to making a mistake ? 
  because as far as i know she continued to say that this was the right thing to do . 
  edit : downvoting a question instead of answering it ? 
  nice . 
  nope . 
  wo n't happen . 
  actually it took germany three wars to unite . 
  indeed . 
  a federation army , where each part ( country ) regains control over their armed forces will never be an effective fighting power because of fissures in political or military goal . 
  an example for this would be the german unification wars , where the federation army performed abysmally against the prussians . 
  while the same units fought effectively just five years later against france under strict prussian command . 
  we even made weapon-grade nuclear material per accident a while ago ... 
  hm , do n't think so . 
  it works like a deterrent imo , with everybody knowing what 's up . 
  it 's actually to get the home country riled up for war . 
  as long as the enemy is killing some far away guys from another land , it might be difficult to get a nation war-ready . 
  but if they killed some of our boys in the process , all bets are off . 
  this is not a good approach . 
  you need clever people in the army to be successful . 
  one reason the prussian army was so successful in the 19th century was universal conscription . 
  the soldiers were educated and therefore knew what their officers wanted of them , therefore were better able to achieve the targets . 
  to be honest , this unit is n't there to defend the baltics . 
  it 's a deterrent for russia , because if they invade and kill these soldiers , germany ( or any other country with troops there ) will be riled up for vengeance and war . 
  while without these deaths , many people might not wish to go to war in case of an invasion . 
  edit : the term i was looking for is `` tripwire force '' . 
  one can hope . 
  make britain great again ? 
  we could recreate mighty kurland or the livonean order ... 
  rethoric is all you get from the main parties , since they do n't follow up on what they say . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  well if you 're sick of rethoric you ca n't vote spd/cdu . 
  because while they played around with the laws and talked about it all day long , in reality nothing has changed since these are put into effect very rarely . 
  it does n't matter how tight the law is if it is n't put into use . 
  which is very much the case regarding asylum laws . 
  there are about 50 acknowledged ethnicities in china besides han . 
  they all together amount to about 10 % of all chinese . 
  that does n't define as multiethnical . 
  it is . 
  calling china a multi-ethnic state is a joke . 
  consumption consciousness ? 
  i would rather translate this as `` missionary spirit '' . 
  maybe you came in the path of the pro-erdogan crowd . 
  do n't know when you were here , but as soon as the purges accelerated , almost no one believed that they were n't prepared long before . 
  in other news , water is wet ... 
  well do n't leave us hanging , tell the joke that please . 
  germany calling in : we like to complain also . 
  it 's actually a really nice position for spain . 
  they will graciously allow the british elders to come/stay , which will make spain look good and ear a lot of money . 
  while u.k. , which ca n't do the same , loses money and looks bad . 
  also , former members of the npd are banned from entering the afd . 
  weird reasoning . 
  so they are unconstitutional , but ca n't be banned because they have no influence ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  * germany does something * everybody else : `` something something 4th reich '', 
  nope . 
  the agenda 2010 is pretty much the reason that germany is strong in the economy and that unemployment is at an all time low . 
  the thing is instead of claiming the success for this , todays spd is ashamed of it , so they ca n't even reap the benefits . 
  gabriel will talk about any topic if he thinks it will get headlines and votes . 
  then , he moves on to the next topic , completely forgetting anything about the first , never taking any action whatsoever .
