it 's clogged when anything which could make us seem rightist is concerned . 
  difficult to tell , since the official line seems to be to declare everybody a rightwinger , who is aganst this . 
  but if you talk with the people most are worried about the situation . 
  the `` welcome '' atmosphere from the beginning seems to decline steadily . 
  surprise , surprise, 
  are they fucking mad ? 
  they behave even worse than the german government . 
  this is heading towards a major international crisis . 
  i agree . 
  hopefully though , with this many people flooding europe , this will change and they will be send back . 
  i 'm doubtfull , but hey , stranger things have happened . 
  yeah and everywhere they 're keeping seperate and causing problems . 
  yet . 
  if this continues , it might come to the use of arms . 
  scarry thought ... 
  while germany and a lot of the germans showed a supreme amount of bad judgement , one has to keep in mind that these people were already on the move and already in europe , when merkels stupid sentence got out . 
  likely , the migrants who come because of that statement are those who arrive now in greece . 
  hopefully the news about the developing situation will make those still in turkey to think this over . 
  no they do n't any longer.they realized the huge mistake they 've made and are since trying to backpeddal . 
  no , the government wo n't resign . 
  there is simply no one else who could take power , with the opposition so weak . 
  what will happen ( and is happening right now ) , is that the more conservative people of the cdu/csu will gain more power and tighten the law and we start sending more people back to where they come from . 
  merkel made a huge mistake with her open-arms-policy and i think her influence over the government has waned because of this . 
  yeah . 
  this is a big thing in germany right now . 
  but imo this is slowly eroding and people will start to not to being called a nazi any longer . 
  the shortsightedness of the left in this case it unbelievable ... 
  agreed !, 
  no we 're not . 
  actually , do n't listen so much to the german media , they are all on a crusade for goodness and softheartedness right now . 
  i truly believe a lot of germans are very relieved that at least hungary is doing something right now , since our government wo n't . 
  we 're with you here !, 
  new headline : racist brown bears on killing spree against poor , innocent refugees . 
  way to go hungary . 
  rest assured , a lot of people in europe are with you in this situation and applaud your solution . 
  pray tell , what did they call themselves ? 
  indeed . 
  it will suck for those turned back at the border , but in the long run , news will spread and fewer people will start out and this will benefit everyone . 
  yeah , they get sent back . 
  you 're delusional if you believe that . 
  well , if you see how well the arabic people have integrated in the past it is a fair assumption that those coming today will go a similar route ... into the parallel society ... 
  this . 
  right now , everybody should be happy that there is nothing like the front national in germany or they would get massive votes in upcoming elections . 
  but if this situation continues , this will come . 
  that was actually pretty funny . 
  thumps up !, 
  what else than propaganda should this be then ? 
  i fail to see why a picture of a drowned child , horribly as it is , should be news . 
  this is called propaganda and agenda-pushing . 
  simple as that !, 
  it happens indeed , but in a different way . 
  most of the time , when german media publishes about a crime , they do n't mention if the culprit is of non - german ethnicity . 
  now you might be able to say that his/her ethnicity does n't relate to he crime , but leaving it out when people want to know about it is also clearly agenda-pushing !, 
  what i 'm always wondering , since i do n't hear anything about it , is : what is ukraine doing right now against a new outbreak of fighting ? 
  i mean , we all know that russia wants mariopol . 
  so if i were a ukrainian general , i would be turning the city into a fucking fortress !, 
  bunkers , mines , mgs , tunnels , wire , dug-in guns , the whole shit which rakes up enemy body-count . 
  are they actually doing anything of that ? 
  well , it just fits the stereotype that evil germany is coming down hard on poor greece . 
  if it would have been any other country 's company buying the airports , media would n't get so aroused by this . 
  they might even praise the buyer for investing in greece . 
  since it 's german , many look for a hidden agenda . 
  no , they 're private compared to state officials . 
  not that much , to be honest . 
  but still something a little bit grander , a little bit more big city flair , something for sightseeing and doing . 
  it just had this small town flair . 
  do n't get me wrong , i expect it is a great place to live in , but for a tourist it was a bit of a let down . 
  had wie known this , we would have stayed longer in the countryside . 
  nevertheless , you have a great and impressive country !, 
  indeed you did . 
  hmm , do n't know . 
  you think ? 
  edit : it somehow stops making sense at this point , 
  been there , loved it . 
  great place , beautiful and astounding landscape , but the capital was a but of a disapointment . 
  in german , i would say there is n't . 
  it would just make no real-world sence at one point , but technically , you can put as much nouns in a row as you like . 
  well , what a big surprise ... 
  wtf ?? 
  you must be extremly stupid if you think nuclear attacks of any kind wo n't be answered in the same way . 
  nato will nuke russian troop concentrations . 
  besides that , a conventional war will see russian troops slaughtered by nato airpower . 
  depends . 
  do you/we really want to import shit quality food from around the world , only to eat cheaper ? 
  this argument might be irrelevant for stuff like clothing and such , but for food , i think it 's important to see and debate the alternatives . 
  i believe we should assure , that wie can feed the european population with high-quality food , even if it costs some more . 
  wow , what a stupid wall of text ... 
  that 's the tactic to go : if arguments fail you , whine loud and leave in a huff . 
  great job !, 
  only that the greeks were doing that months before sch\u00e4uble talked about a grexit ... 
  those martians sure have it coming ... 
  so it was sch\u00e4uble that made all those investors leave , when they were sitting on the border , waiting to invest huge sums in greece ? 
  like really ? 
  polish knights stronk back then . 
  no more condoms , no more internet ... what will the russians do then in their free time ? 
  more vacations in neighbouring countries ? 
  absolutely true . 
  i honestly do n't know at all why syriza acted the way they did !, 
  the only reason which comes to mind is that they thought they could call the ez bluff . 
  but to jeopardize the whole country and all the people on that call ... that 's insane .
