  by the time the first topic comes around again , depending on polls his opinion can be totally different from the first time this came up . 
  nobody is taking him serious any more . 
  indeed . 
  they actively supported starting a civil war , which is the most brutal of wars , and died because of it . 
  karma is a bitch , i guess . 
  prior to wwii , there were no ethnic cleansing in regards to poles in germany . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  we just need to tell them to take their citizens back or they wo n't get any financial aid anymore . 
  if this is not enough , economic sanctions . 
  no african country can stand up to something like that . 
  i have yet to see any proof of russia being involved in the us election . 
  i call tinfoil hat theory . 
  actually i read several outlets , ranging from welt to zeit ... and then i try to use reddit to get english speaking sources about anything that i deem interesting . 
  in the comments to articles , there are sometimes interesting links too with several sources on the same subject , chances are i get a better picture . 
  while i do n't think that ard/zdf is leftist propaganda , they sure as hell sided with the `` refugees welcome '' crowd . 
  that there are politicians having a say with them does n't help , also . 
  zeit and s\u00fcddeutsche ... yes , they are truly propaganda outlets . 
  well , this is the gist of the article ... 
  nobody said russia is n't a danger and problem . 
  it 's just that it is n't responsible for all our problems . 
  or maybe you 're just typing bullshit . 
  wait , austria also have a toll on their motorways . 
  why are they complaining ? 
  sultan erdogan approaching . 
  i agree . 
  we should be prepared to show russia our strength and let it not get away with things like crimea . 
  show them that they better not fuck with us . 
  but this fearmongering is getting way ridiculous . 
  russia is not responsible for every mishap in the rest of the world . 
  and suggestion this will eventually have the opposite effect . 
  if the media cries wolf enough , people will stop believing even the credible news about russia . 
  i 'm shaking in my boots ... / s, 
  you never invaded poland ? 
  what 's wrong with you guys ? 
  no we did n't . 
  but they are under observation by our intelligence services and members can be banned from holding public offices . 
  the spd has literally no chance of victory . 
  the only question is how much they will lose . 
  oh , and if they manage to stay in front of the afd . 
  actually he does that every couple months . 
  he smells a topic people are interested in/riled up about and gives some interview where he tries to say something he believes will be liked by the voters . 
  then he forgets the topic and moves to the next one , never for a moment considering to take any action ( i mean , he is the vice-chancellor after all ) . 
  he is all talk and nothing else . 
  and people are fed up with his shit . 
  i 'm wondering if he manages to bring the spd below the afd . 
  meaning the amount of newcomers has decreased . 
  all those coming in the years before are still there . 
  well trump managed it ... 
  i 'm telling you that i believe these people came to cologne in big groups to commit crimes . 
  the police thought so , too , and therefore dispearsed said groups . 
  i also ca n't prove that it will be cold in the coming days . 
  but since the chances are extremely high , i probably should not go out wearing just a shirt . 
  i disagree . 
  the police should profile people according to the chance to catch criminals/stop criminal behaviour . 
  if to do this effectively they have to profile ethnicity , then so be it . 
  i do n't see an alternative , by the way . 
  if they do n't act according to the information they have , the public will further lose trust in the government and continue to shift to the right . 
  are you really trying to tell me that you believe these people just wanted to party in cologne ? 
  he is obviously against the measures taken this year because he thinks they are racist . 
  if the police would n't have reacted , we would have seen a repetition of last years events with the abovementioned crimes . 
  so i 'm wondering if this is really preferable to racial profiling in his mind or if he has n't thought this true to the consequences . 
  so you 're saying that it was good that they did this , they just should n't have talked about it , yes ? 
  i do n't know , but as a citizen of a democratic nation i would rather know what is happening then not . 
  so yes , they should name the ugly truth rather than keep it under closure . 
  they tried to do the later last year , btw and you know the outcry this produced . 
  nice strawman here but i do n't fall for it . 
  you ca n't answer the question , what big groups of nafris were up to in cologne on that night without hurting you agenda . 
  so what do you think all those nafris were up to in cologne ? 
  so we should get women raped and groped in masses , just because we do n't wo n't to appear racist ? 
  these women are just collateral damage to you , yes ? 
  yeah , all those people `` making a statement '' would have totally prevented hundreds of mena guys from harassing women ... / s, 
  why ? 
  oh please , all she did up till today is talk . 
  empty words without any action taken . 
  yes , they changed some laws , which sounds good until you notice that they even do n't implement existing laws , much less the newer , harsher ones . 
  until i see real action out of them , i do n't believe a word anymore . 
  oh , and once deporting fiftysome afghans is not taking action in my book . 
  it 's just a big show for the news . 
  we should stop giving them money if they do n't take their people back . 
  well if they behave like scumbags here , their being in danger stops to be our problem imo . 
  just send them back and let them deal with their own mess . 
  why all that hassle ? 
  destroy the boats , dumb the people in africa , case closed . 
  why ? 
  that sounds indeed very weird . 
  what 's up with him not talking to the press/parties like ne normally would ? 
  so tell me , what would you expect germany to do here ? 
  lol, 
  maybe we should execute some of those higher levels to keep the rest focused ... / s, 
  well do n't be so sure . 
  there is the saying of not throwing good money after bad one . 
  so if people/politicians feel that they will keep sending money to greece to no avail , there is a possibility of them cutting their loss . 
  actually , this thing does n't sound like some kind of mistreatment or harassment , but `` only '' bureaucracy gone wild . 
  which certainly needs to be addressed . 
  they probably wo n't be bombed by assad , because , why should he ? 
  but the rebels will be very happy to see them . 
  they 'll kill the men and distribute the women among themselves . 
  that is , if they indeed reach syria , which i highly doubt . 
  neither here . 
  hell i have n't even heard about those imbeciles in the german media yet .
