  it does n't really matter . 
  with the bleeding heart crowd , they ca n't do wrong . 
  they should n't be allowed back in again . 
  that should actually be a no-brainer . 
  i 'm at kind of a loss what the article wants to tell me . 
  it does n't really say anything besides some superficial descriptions and quotes all thrown together . 
  there is no leitmotif besides describing petry in various day-to-day situations , no in depth analysis of anything ... what 's the point ? 
  maybe . 
  but if your views and goals differ that much from the populace you got a problem . 
  sounds like a great strategy for winning the next elections ... / s, 
  thanks for this reply . 
  i was seriously bereft of speech by that one !, 
  the second one does n't make sense also . 
  why would we want to become even more embroiled in the hellhole middle east by letting one of the big players there join the eu ? 
  the risks are not foreseable . 
  this does n't make sense at all . 
  that would benefit you . 
  how would it benfit us ? 
  edit because the original post has been edited . 
  so name a couple . 
  how is this bullshit even newsworthy ? 
  every arab 's army performance in every war has been abysmal , so that 's no surprise . 
  and while it would need a substantial russian involvment to outright win the war , you would not need many ground troops . 
  the shia militias and the iranians would probably be enough . 
  assad losing ? 
  wo n't happen , not with russia and iran backing him . 
  never heard of that . 
  source ? 
  and even if true , this is sa 's problem , not ours . 
  yes , she did . 
  she probably did n't mean for so many to come but she did nothing at all to stop this clusterfuck or get it in hand . 
  you do n't really believe that russia cares about what happens in syria besides winning the war ? 
  let 's face it , the only way to stop this war is for one side to win . 
  all those ceasefire-agreements are just stretching out the suffering for all . 
  so how about russia and assad ignore everyone and just go for all out victory ? 
  yes , that would cost many lives but then it would be over . 
  what 's happening now costs way more lives in the long run . 
  you do understand that the islamic extremism threatening us is exclusively of sunni origin , while iran is shia , do n't you ? 
  she is getting desperate . 
  did n't she endorse the visegrad solutions just a couple days ago ? 
  well we all remember the day when she suspended schengen and told all these people to come to germany . 
  if the eu really wants stability there it could create it in no time . 
  it 's not done right now because the politicians fear the loss of lives and money which would come with this . 
  yes we did . 
  remember the guy with the axe ? 
  there would n't be any roman empire if carthage had n't fucked up . 
  all hail hannibal barkas . 
  strange . 
  around that time german kids were singing about bombing england . 
  i wonder it there was a coincidence ... 
  antifa = one set of fascist accusing others of fascism . 
  if those rules are endangering your country you should do something against them . 
  even if the union is overall beneficial for you . 
  they are so vulerable that they could cross the med and several other countries with no problem . 
  and now , when they ca n't move along anymore as they wish , they suddenly need help and protection . 
  hungary is protecting their borders and the law . 
  good for them . 
  indeed . 
  if this comes to pass , hofer will surely be elected , right ? 
  nobody would kick out italy . 
  they would have to actively sink those boats before something like that happened . 
  try it again , times are changing in germany . 
  in lieu of the elections next year the politicians ca n't act as they used to . 
  how about you ignore said rulings ? 
  what could happen anyway ? 
  merkel sadly . 
  because there is noone in sight ( of any party ) who could beat her . 
  the leader of the second biggest party spd is gabriel , who is a fat moron not even his own party wishes to see as chancellor . 
  and in the cdu every opposition to merkel or even everyone with spine has been killed of . 
  so most leading cdu-members are spineless turds who have no chance of getting elected on their own . 
  the only possible alternative i see right now is wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , who is the only politician who does n't fitt in the above mentioned . 
  but a seventy-plus year old man confined in a wheelchair would want to get into the hassle of campaining for the chancellorship ? 
  i kinda doubt that . 
  so there is still hope for sweden ? 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  every right-wing politician is literaly hitler , 
  way to go to make mena migrants more accepted in the east ... / s, 
  i agree here . 
  still , even if you spend your dept mainly on investments eventually you have to get it down . 
  and no , dept per se is n't bad but it has to manageable . 
  while that is certainly true , it 's also true that you simply ca n't continue spending more than you earn because eventually you 'll go bankrupt . 
  that 's exactly what greece did and look what happenes to them . 
  if they would have started saving money or repaying depts while their economy was running they would ` nt have been in this situation . 
  i really , really do n't understand why so many people do n't seem to get that simple logic . 
  i do n't . 
  and it 's quite stupid of you to believe so . 
  considering threir support i would question if they are so unacceptable ... and i would say if they were so i would say there is something wrong with the system . 
  but either way , yes i 'm quite content to do so . 
  that is of course your right to do so . 
  you certainly can disagree with what they say . 
  i disagree . 
  the movement to the center/left by the cdu means that there has n't been any political party on the moderate right for a while now . 
  the afd is on the way to ocuppy this empty space . 
  only just because no party up to now holds these positions the afd holds this does not mean that the party is far right . 
  the more she scores at the elections the more other parties will adopt their ideas . 
  kind of like the older parties in austria adopt fp\u00d6 ideas right now . 
  of course . 
  what i wanted to say is that there are certain kind of voters who vote for their party regardless of circumstances . 
  these kind of loyal voters die out though . 
  their voters ?
