  you mean former spd , cdu and die linke-voters ? 
  essentially voters from every part of the spectrum and society . 
  what about them ? 
  not yet . 
  but it is going to . 
  and the more refugees are coming , the bigger the fallout will be . 
  yeah well , if you say so ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  most of their opinions would have been center cdu 10-20 years ago . 
  you sound like a very sheltered person . 
  i strongly disagree with every point you make . 
  what the fuck ? 
  they just had the press conference ... in which they basically said nothing . 
  so what was that all about ? 
  at least the german government did n't kow tow to erdogan . 
  also in western germany a lot of the older generation vote for the party for which they have always voted , no matter the current policies . 
  in the east , only the linke has that kind of voters , while most voters decide because of policies . 
  interestingly , those habit voters in the west are dying out with the younger generations voting more like the east . 
  you are right . 
  the cdu has gone way to the center/left in the past years , leaving the conservatives politically homeless . 
  so if the afd manages to keep a conservative image and does not wander to the far right , she might very well keep those voters for good . 
  name some former npd members in the afd . 
  as far as i know those are not allowed to enter the afd . 
  only ? 
  no , it 's bot the only issue but it 's the most important/controversial right now . 
  because it potentially has extreme implications for all our future . 
  so people tend to weight this issue more heavily than other . 
  one can only hope , but i do n't think so . 
  if true , what a fucking disgrace !, 
  edit : it seems it is not true . 
  that 's good but how did this whole affair come about ? 
  well , the afd is the only party out there who does n't agree with merkels `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  so if you 're against merkel 's open door policy there are bot many alternatives for you ... 
  of course not . 
  what has this to do with your original statement ? 
  you daid `` italian '' was a slur . 
  that 's van der bellen you 're talking about . 
  he promised to not accept an elected fp\u00d6 chancellor . 
  we should get our troops home . 
  it 's not as if they are needed there anyway . 
  well if you look at the elections and polls in germany more and more people actually are doing something . 
  not enough but considering what an anathema is was ( and still is ) to vote `` right-wing '' i think the trend is there . 
  besides that there is not much one can do . 
  not all germans agree with our current policies . 
  many do n't . 
  i 'm asking because to me these ideas ( while essentially vague ) read rather like a staunch conservative manifesto than something right-wing . 
  but i guess considering positions such as these as right-wing is part of the political problems europe nowadays has ... 
  to a jew or an italian probably not . 
  this is actually a sensible thing . 
  it means if somebody cuckolded you he will be forced to pay for his child and not you yourself . 
  i see no problem or injustice in forcing the woman to reveal the real father . 
  what 's wrong with any of this ? 
  one at a time , one at a time ... 
  that 's true . 
  the problem is that there is no alternative . 
  she has killed off all viable candidates in her own party and the other major party , the spd is in a even worse state . 
  nobody wants their head as chancellor . 
  so she might get reelected by default ... 
  yeah . 
  the running joke is that anyone to whom she expressed `` absolut trust '' is practically a ( political ) walking dead . 
  most of them were gone in a matter of weeks . 
  well it does n't look as ridicoulus if you consider that the only viable alternative is siggi gabriel . 
  even most spd members do n't want him as chancellor . 
  ahem you do know that the greens beside kretschmann are constantly losing seats in any elections the last year or so ? 
  there is nothing inhumane in securing your own borders . 
  a lot of germans are glad too . 
  you are right . 
  wwi would have come anyway , if not for the assasination then for the next upcoming cause . 
  all the big players in europe , austria , germany , france , russia and uk were preparing for it and expecting it . 
  krugman ... is n't that the guy who praised what ch\u00e1vez did in venezuela ? 
  why should we listen to such a one ? 
  you are crrtainly ignorant , no doubt about it . 
  well with things like that you can really see what 's wrong with too much tolerance towards intolerant people . 
  hopefully sweden will gets it shit together in the future again and stop bending over for that kind of people abusing swedens hospitality . 
  juncker gets even more drunker ... 
  you obviously have no idea of the meaning of the words you 're throwing around . 
  antifa is a collection of leftist fascist dressed up as antifascist . 
  they are not fighting against fascism , they are fighting against everybody who does n't agree with ther bullshit options . 
  that would be a good way to kill off what is left of their tourist industry . 
  spain would be pleased ... 
  not if they go to arab-dominated neighborhoods . 
  guess why ... 
  this is fucking unbelievable . 
  what 's wrong with sweden ? 
  yes , i believe we should exclude people from government jobs who put their religion over said jobs rules and requirements . 
  i do n't trust somebody who ca n't do something as little as taking of a piece of clothing with working for the government and therefore the society as a whole . 
  since a nun 's job is , well , being a nun and therefore would n't take internships with some mayor , this comparison is pretty invalid . 
  it 's the same here . 
  because others closed their borders . 
  which , according to our politicians does n't work ... 
  btw . 
  this here is not about some kids school but evening school for adults . 
  ignore him , he is a germany-hating troll devoid of reality . 
  actually it 's all of the major parties . 
  guess why the afd is on the rise ... 
  yeah , right ... 
  i would not be so sure . 
  a lot more people than a year ago do n't want to take any more mena migrants . 
  new years eve and subsequent events indeed were a turning point . 
  some british guy was whining about germany rearming and if everybody forgot the past .
