  the precedent is just way to dangerous !, 
  russia has to be punished for it 's aggression and shown that it ca n't get away with shit like that . 
  while we obviously wo n't go to war with them for ukraine ( sorry guys ) we should never ever accept any outcome other than the return of the stolen territories . 
  for ukraine , while they ca n't do much in the short run other than cutting the occupied lands of from any ressources , forcing russia to deal with it , in the longer run they should wait for an opportunity . 
  if russia has troubles elsewhere , there might be a chance to get the eastern ukraine back ( crimea probably not short of outright war ) . 
  this is also an emotional , national question . 
  as an ukrainian , i would never accept the status quo . 
  what he said was for sure an explanation of russian actions , but surely not a justification !, 
  and do n't forget the religious cb . 
  their patriarch authority is pretty high right now . 
  dude , you really think russia is rivaling the us ? 
  then they do have a casus belli . 
  that 's not good ... 
  ok , now i get it . 
  i disagree , though . 
  murica should just get a diplomat over there to increase relations to 100 . 
  i really do n't understand you ... 
  what , why ? 
  to start a new war there , the old one kinda has to be over ... 
  sadly you are very right . 
  in any kind of german-speaking forum you could n't even discuss these things here , because you would be ostracised for `` being literaly hitler '' ... 
  it 's pathetic !, 
  oh they start to express it . 
  by voting !, 
   at least the economic migrants we are getting right now are prmlimarily interested in finding a job quickly . 
  ahem , no , they 're not . 
  whatever gives you this idea ? 
  and even if they were , they are in the vast majority totally unfit for our job market . 
   well to be honest france has been on the brink of civil war since 1793 . 
  ftfy, 
  naaa , we wo n't . 
  we 'd have to deal with their striking unions then . 
  too much bother . 
  by slapping down or even killing anybody who disagreed with `` unity '' ... 
  or maybe ... ^ alright , ^ alright , ^ i 'm ^ leaving . 
  actually i do n't know a lot about ukip i was rather talking about central european rightist parties . 
  do you believe , once in power , ukip would take action against gays ? 
  fair enough . 
  but still , i wonder about those questions of mine , even if they so not apply to you . 
  would n't you rather have those people who pretty much ignore gays than those who will actively fight and endanger you ? 
  i do n't know , but it always boggles my mind that gays and feminists are so open-arms about muslim migrants when these people hate them with a fiber . 
  you are literaly inviting those who wish to make an end to everything you have achieved here , something even the most die-hard rightist wo n't do because it would cripple their votes . 
  yeah . 
  there 's not a lot far right in them now . 
  you have some dudes in eastern germany who constitue the nationalistic platform inside the afd but they are an ( albeit vocal ) minority . 
  overall they try to seperate themselves from the far right like npd here . 
  that said , they are a young party where there ' much movement yet . 
  they might turn farther right in the next time . 
  they might not , though . 
  not for the foreseable future . 
  i would place them where they came from ... 
  i very much agree . 
  thank you . 
  you know , i actually agree with you in most parts , i too think the eu is mostly beneficial to us europeans . 
  but in recent times it has imo reached a point of diminishing returns where it 's getting more beaurocratic and more alienated from the citizens . 
  one reason for that is that it got too large too fast with such different livestyles and economies such as greece and germany that it ca n't function in any meaningful way any longer . 
  we need a big reform towards more democracy and responsibility or it wo n't stand much longer . 
  concerning closed borders i agree that it 's not a solution to leave it to greece and italy . 
  but i disagree that closed borders is wrong . 
  instead , we should help italy and greece secure it 's borders and keeping those closed , e.g. 
  turning ariving boats back . 
  it will eventually come to this ( it has to , when you look at the situation in africa ; there is no way we can and want to deal with this coming wave ) because if not , people will vote the right to power . 
  oh and yes , the turkey-deal is very fucked up . 
  it 's essentially a closed-border deal where we outsource the dirty work because we do n't have the spine for it . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i tried to argue differentiated here . 
  i remember that thatcher was against it . 
  my comment is actually a paraphrase of what one of her ministers/secretaries told her in the end . 
  or austritt ... 
  the vast majority of the world would have no say if german and austrians wish to unite ( which they do n't want presently ) - at least not if they do n't want to go to war over this issue . 
  actually , since closing the borders austria more in line with their neighbours , minus germany . 
  we are the ones isolated in europe right now , which is why i 'm always facepalming hard when german politcians talk about a `` european solution '' . 
  there is one already , it 's just not the one you prefer . 
  and putin is riding them . 
  wow ... this is probably one of the dumbest and most ignorant rants i 've heard in a long time . 
  and the part about vitamin d was simply hilarious . 
  hmmm , if you 're building a dictatorship , i do n't know if it 's such a good idea to teach the populace how to handle weapons . 
  they could get ideas ... 
  that would have been racist ... / s, 
  then we are in agreement . 
  well , but if that would n't be the case , ist would mean that there would be more unemployment and poverty in germany . 
  so i 'm actually fine with this . 
  imo , some of the other eu-countries should adopt some of germany 's economic reforms to better catch up . 
  why ? 
  merkel in a paintball-arena would be nice to watch , though ... 
  now that 's not true . 
  isis is a bunch of thugs with aks , even a half-trained army would easily deal with them . 
  how so ? 
  still , britain , in case of the brexit , has to negotiate for it . 
  you do understand that this is a what-if situation , right ? 
  and that right now nobody is actually pushing for this ... 
  of course . 
  still , you ca n't call for more unification and then bitch about two countries pushing that goal to the ultimate point . 
  feels like hypocrisy here . 
  to make sure that the representation of the voters does n't get fucked with ? 
  that 's wrong . 
  norway and switzerland got to the point today by making deals with the eu . 
  britain would start at zero here , like any other country , having to negotiate a lot of points before reaching the deals those countries achieved . 
  that 's the point of leaving , you know . 
  you cut off the relations you have and have to start again .
