  and the german government was at the brink agreeing for another payment for greece . 
  we wo n't pay for france welfare ; if our government would agree to that kind of shit , they could as well hand over the country to the afd . 
  no chance !, 
  there is no chance in hell that germany will agree to pay for france 's inability to reform it 's economy . 
  this simply wo n't happen . 
  so name a few . 
  we are very conservative regarding our beer . 
  you are wrong . 
  according to german newspapers ( which are extremly critical towards the other men ) this was also the third time he showed up there shortly . 
  each time he had to be escorted out by the police . 
  looking at that picture , should have done this the first time as well . 
  way more successful ... 
  well , at least in germany , no quality brewerie would sell beer in plastic bottles . 
  it would be a total marketing desaster , tarnishing their name for a long time . 
  so every single plastic bottle beer is shit . 
  prost, 
  you are right and he is wrong . 
  germany was not involved in this genocide , it 's `` guilt '' was that it did n't interfere ( even if it is very much unclear how much germany could have interfered without risking the alliance in the middle of a not-well-going war ) . 
  germany did n't so much play a part in this , but rather did n't act or speak out against it while it happened . 
  since both countries were allies in the war , germany did n't want to risk alienating turkey . 
  then you certainly can give examples of such incidents , yes ? 
  so i 'm a spoiled child for wanting that foreign criminals are deported ? 
  nice . 
  i do n't see a problem with that to be honest . 
  we already do that , e.g. 
  migrants rightfully ca n't vote for a long time after arriving . 
  natives can move freely around while migrants have to stay at their designated location . 
  or are even denied staying here at all . 
  so this would be just another difference . 
  i believe that there is no justification for endangering the populace by allowing condemned criminals to stay !, 
  there is no human right to commit crimes here !, 
  and what about the human rights of the victims of these criminals ? 
  they do n't matter ? 
  ca n't buy anything for moral high ground in this world . 
  nobody cares for that outside of europe . 
  well , things are moving , you can see this in the rise of right-wing parties all over europe . 
  to the better or worse time will tell . 
  so i would n't say that everyone is just rolling over . 
  how so ? 
  yet . 
  this ca n't go on indefinetely . 
  then force them to . 
  we 're fucking europe , we have enough leverage to make them comply . 
  will they be able to do that again ? 
  no need . 
  we will adopt your stance on immigration before . 
  absollutely !, 
  if they commit crimes here , send them back no matter what will happen to them there . 
  it is their own fault , they did n't have to do what they did . 
  so what ? 
  do you wish to feed and house this people for the rest of their lives on our costs ? 
  what is that supposed to accomplish ? 
  so send them to a jail in pakistan . 
  that would be a real punishment . 
  same here . 
  it 's really hard to get good people . 
  :( poor girl . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-sexual-assault-music-festival-cologne-darmstadt-a7057416.html another incident like cologne on a smaller scale . 
  indeed . 
  while i would like a decent conservative party , even that is n't there anymore . 
  one can only hope that the afd will become this and that they wo n't go to the far right . 
  anyway , if one wishes to preserve germany the way it is now , only afd ( and csu in bavaria ) is left . 
  yeah , and it will happen all over europe . 
  how can this be local news when we have three incidents of this kind in germany in 5 months ? 
  if this continues and the politicians continue doing nothing , there will be a huge backlash at some point . 
  i do n't think people will let this continue indefinetely . 
  the afd will keep on growing , that 's for sure . 
  this is actually the third time this has happened in germany this year . 
  cologne , berlin ( on something called carnival of cultures - go figure ) and now darmstadt . 
  here are some sources in german : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2016-05/darmstadt-ermittlung-sexuelle-belaestigung-open-air-musikfestival http://www.faz.net/aktuell/rhein-main/schlossgrabenfest-2016-26-anzeigen-nach-sexuellen-uebergriffen-14262071.html up until now around 30 women reported sexual assaults by pakistani men who were asylum seekers ( three of whom were arrested ) . 
  the police reported , that the modus operandi resembeld the cologne attacks . 
  edit : local news . 
  wtf ? 
  it will go down even further when more attacks like cologne , berlin or right now darmstadt happen . 
  that 's some high-level trolling . 
  big surprise ... 
  that pretty much sums up the die linke in germany . 
  if they continue their course , they will get annihilated in the coming elections . 
  why would this be wrong ? 
  the students hired them themselves . 
  of course not . 
  in germany this thing is not news at all because nearly nobody would have a problem with it . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know that . 
  still , i believe we would come to the defence of eastern europe in case of an attack , regardless what the polls say . 
  i ca n't see us not upholding the treaties . 
  well , if the usa would have invaded and annexed parts of mexico and canada , it would be natural that these countries ( and others ) would turn to russia for protection . 
  i would say it 's the us own fault . 
  as , in the real life , it 's russia 's own fault that people look for protection against them . 
  whoever said that germany does n't want to defend poland ? 
  i have never heard such a thing in german media . 
  you have seen that the french economy is struggling for years now with high unemployment and no improvements , have you ? 
  since there 's in civil war in egypt , obviously the army was the better choice . 
  especially from a european perspective . 
  i said that 's how russia thinks . 
  not how i do or that this is justifiable . 
  they have made chechnya a vassal . 
  unfortunately , this vassal is now hiring out condottieri to all the rebellions out there ... 
  i agree . 
  we as europe should not allow russia to get away with this .
