  why should we take in a failed state ? 
  we have so much problems right now , that it just makes no sense to add any state , least of all such a one . 
  edit : i really do n't want to sound like an asshole and i indeed am really sorry for you guys down there . 
  but my points stand : there simply is no point for the eu to add another problematic state to its members right now . 
  why ? 
  you gon na tell me what an enlighted and modern nation-state bosnia is ? 
  that it is not a bureaucracy on the top , living of international money with no significant influence on the three communities , who each live a seperate life of their own ? 
  that it is not , essentially , a failed state with enough money flowing in to stop any unrest ? 
  best comment in the whole thread . 
  this is what wer have to do soon , or there wo n't be a eu in any meaningful way in the next future . 
  ask cyprus and ireland how this specialization on banking worked out ... 
  bosnia ? 
  do we need another shithole to dump money in ? 
  we already tried that , did n't work out to well in the past ... 
  i would have thought that right now the swedish youth has other problems than fucking their dead mothers ... 
  so the immigrants will enter through the nordstream pipeline or what has one to do with the other ? 
  maybe you 're right . 
  still , i 'm pissed of of this because this does n't absolve her of her guilt for the current situation . 
  i mean , hey , she ' stehe fucking head of our state , she has to look forward to the consequences of her actions and what is the best course for her country . 
  well , i think it 's to early to judge yet . 
  with their sudden popularity , a lot of people are joining so it could end up in many ways . 
  i think in a year or two they have shaken down enough to know more . 
  also , one has to be careful about the media . 
  they also seem undecided in general , but there s a big part f them painting a grim picture because of `` meh , nazis '' aka media ideology and not because of facts . 
  for example , i have n't heard about npd guys joining afd in any meaningful quantity , so i 'd take that with a grain of salt . 
  in the end , i will judge them from their actions . 
  the outcome is actually in progress right now . 
  they started out as a conservative , anti-eu outfit run by professors but got a majority of people who are more right/conservative/patriotic who than took over the party . 
  as with all newfounded parties , they too attracted a whole bunch of people including some radicals . 
  so the next few years will decide where they will end up : as a moderate right/conservative/patriotic party ( which germany would need imo , since we do n't have such a one ) , which will find it 's place in german politics , or a cluster of right-wing radicals which will disappear as soon as the current crisis blows over . 
  in the end it depends which kind of people will attain control of the party ( meaning who will hold the majority ) and therefore attract more like-minded people . 
  right now , one can not say which way it will go . 
  no , there are literary no signs whatsoever for this . 
  there have been some half-assed sugestions about droping the minimum wage for refugees , but this notion has drowned immediately . 
  does n't work like that here and will not . 
  the german labour costs are structured in a way that it is always cheaper to have one person fulltime instead of several on halftime ( or less ) . 
  guilt and a humanitarian mentality . 
  i believe merkel saw this as a situation to get in the history books as the german mother theresa . 
  and a lot of germans bought that hook , line and sinker . 
  problem is , nobody took a step backward to look at the longterm consequences , because everybody was congratulating himself for being and feeling good . 
  add to that a pc-attitude , where everybody screams nazi when someone dares to speak out against this bullshit and voila germany 2015 . 
  now ? 
  we 'll see , but that this situation ca n't continue is obvious . 
  merkel looks for an european solution , but if she does n't get it , she will reverse course and close the border . 
  if not , she will lose the populace and her party . 
  not enough that it would help anything . 
  well they tried this with austria . 
  whole lot of good that did / s, 
  in two month , there are 2 or 3 state elections . 
  everybody expects the right wing to gain seats big time . 
  problem is , nearly nobody needs cheap , uneducated labor in germany . 
  there is near to zero chance for somebody like this to find employment . 
  germany needs highly qualified labor , something which ca . 
  90 % of these people will probably never achieve . 
  after they split up , they were pretty much down to 1-2 % and everyone was expecting them to slowly and quietly disappear . 
  which would have happend without the refugee-crisis . 
  and consdering that germans are very reluctant to vote for the right-wing , 15 % would be very massive . 
  well , i believe 15 % out from nothing is massive . 
  indeed . 
  people here are getting more fed up with the current situation and therefore , the afd will get massive votes in the upcoming elections . 
  to prevent this and to get a hold on the situation , germany is going to close the borders in the next months if we do n't get an european agreement . 
  that happend like 20 years ago and has nothing to do with the current situation . 
  so where were buildings burned down with people inside ? 
  oh come on . 
  this is germany . 
  nobody cares about porn , as long as it 's not cp . 
  yes there is that , i have n't thought about those countries . 
  and since that did n't work that well , they never tried shit like that again . 
  this is going to happen soon . 
  the upcoming elections will get a right-wing party big time in several state parliaments if nothing happens . 
  if something like cologne comes up in the meantime , they might well become one of the three biggest parties in each parliament . 
  and besides this , our asylum system is near the collapsing point . 
  if we do n't get a european solution , i expect germany to close it 's borders in the next 3 month . 
  but is n't it more liberal than the surrounding countries . 
  or rather , less opressive ? 
  i 'm sorry for you guys . 
  what do you think how this will develop in the future . 
  i kind of think that eventually , the fn will get to power and i 'm not sure how this will play out then ... 
  i have no idea what you are talking about ... 
  it 's a circle actually . 
  the discounter introduced this and the people fell for it . 
  than the next one lowered the price and so on . 
  this is the whole `` geiz ist geil '' mentality which is really , really undermining product quality and localy produced stuff . 
  indeed . 
  they are pretty much on their way to ruin the traditional family owned small farms . 
  most smaller milk farmers are on the brink of bancruptcy . 
  not good for food quality in the long run . 
  sooo ... if austria just says `` screw you and your opinion , we will do what 's necessary to keep our country running '' the eu will then ... send a stern letter ? 
  the sad truth is that these people ca n't be integrated . 
  their culture is just so different from ours that even in a few generations they wo n't be part of our society ( apart from a small minority ) . 
  look at france , the people with algerian heritance are now there in the third or fourth generation and to a large part not integrated at all . 
  i 'm not saying this is all the imigrants fault ; but these sad facts are there for all to see . 
  well , other than that , you let them fight it out on their own . 
  seriously though , after all the bloodshed i just ca n't see some solution based on compromise which will last long enough to make it worthwile . 
  in the end , i believe this `` war is bad '' attitude will just prolong the suffering because it will not end the conflict . 
  the russians , while being very brutal , might indeed end it much sooner . 
  actually the way the russians are doing it : by helping one side to win . 
  let 's be honest here , another solution seems very improbable . 
  indeed . 
  do n't get your hopes up high though , the alternatives right now are not really appealling .
