  if you 're interested in politics you should certainly have heard about him . 
  imo , they are very often ideologists who are totally removed from reality . 
  i totally agree . 
  this is not true at all !, 
  i wish you success with your plans . 
  i did n't want to say that you will fail a german university . 
  i just wanted to point out why migrants with almost none or comparatively bad school education will have near to zero chance of getting a university degree in germany . 
  i probably misunderstood the meaning of your post . 
  not sure what you want to tell me . 
  i certainly do n't disagree nor did i want to say that other european countries have shitty schools . 
  that 's what 's happening at the macedonian border right know . 
  a person , who thinks he can go to a different country , where he can just go up to a university to begin some random studys , without care for things like qualifications , skills , language etc. 
  does n't really qualify as very bright , yes ? 
  in the least it shows he is pretty naive . 
  old people probably . 
  after it fell over 20 % and the influx of migrants slowed down . 
  just wait till the crisis takes up speed again and you will see her ratings droping again . 
  well teargas does not discriminate . 
  if you make such a szene at the border , the police has to react . 
  and one efficient way to disperse a crowd is teargas . 
  it 's free of charge , yes , but you have to have some qualifications to be allowed to study here . 
  also , you normaly have to pass several exams each semester or you get kicked out ( in most cases , you have one to three shots , but eventually , it 's over ) . 
  studying is not easy in germany , it 's ludicrious the think that these people can just come here and go for it . 
  i believe they have no idea whatsoever what this means here in germany . 
  well , if these guys try to break through the border , they should not take kids with them . 
  again , what should the police do ? 
  not enforce the law and let those people have their way . 
  imo , it 's entirely their fault that the kids got caught in the crossfire . 
  i know , this was supposed to be a joke , 
  the freedom the west is talking about does not include the right to go where you want and live from welfare there . 
  no doubt about it . 
  but for a german chancellor who prior to the migrant crisis had over 70 % ratings and who everybody believed would win the next elections with a landslide , this figures is not that good . 
  she lost nearly a third of her approval ratings in just a couple month and if we do n't see a reduction of migrants , this will continue . 
  also one has to know that she literaly has no opponent . 
  the leader of the spd , the second biggest party in germany is a joke who will never ever have a chance of beating her . 
  well , considering that once she ranked somewhere around 70 % , that 's not that much any longer ... 
  considering that finland borders russia , would n't it be kind of unclever to leave nato ? 
  it blows my mind , that these people really thought that they could come here and get free money and a house and could go to the university . 
  i mean , i know that they are uneducated , but still ... 
  probably outdated figures . 
  thank you . 
  a lot of us are pretty angry at merkel right know . 
  yeah . 
  typically , the politicians talk all day long how you just need to give these guys training , language and societal skills and then they 're good to go . 
  problem is , the reality is different . 
  yesterday , they showed in the german tv the results of local industries trying to give some training-on-the-job for migrants . 
  the result : ca . 
  80 % failed aka gave up soon . 
  interviewed , one of them sayed that working 8 hours was to hard and that he was too tired for soccer in the evening . 
  and he rather would like to study economics anyway ... 
  i was speechless . 
  year , they hit everyone who was breaking the law by illegaly and forcefully crossing the border . 
  what else were they supposed to do ? 
  give in to the violence ? 
  same here , proposals like that were n't communicated here . 
  it 's a shame actually . 
  sounds good . 
  indeed . 
  we actually have a european solution - closing borders . 
  everybody and his friends agree on that - but merkel . 
  it 's unbelivable that she refuses to see this . 
  are they that badass ? 
  i do n't know . 
  this surely worked in 2015 , but not everyone had time to digest this and everybody gets some notion of the consequences of the current crisis . 
  i do n't think this kind of behaviour is working as good as last year any longer . 
  not at all . 
  this is about people from the eu who come to germany with no job and immediately ask for welfare . 
  this is just fearmongering . 
  even if glyphosate is cancer-fuelling ( and this is n't clear yet ) you have to drink 1.000 beers daily to get to a dangerous amount of the herbicide . 
  good luck with that i guess . 
  trust me , you 'd drop it after a couple pages . 
  been there , done that . 
  i get that , but why anyone actually wants to read this book after heaving read a couple pages is beyond me . 
  maybe , maybe in the thirties this book might have had some relevance for a reader - i doubt it . 
  today it is really a totally boring and unnecessary read . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would want to read throught it . 
  she will probably blast europe for not getting a eu-solution , yes . 
  what she 'll fail to mention is that closing the borders is the prefered solution of the majority of european nations . 
  you know , i always thought turkey was on the right track considering modernization and stuff . 
  but the events of the last years really got me thinking ... 
  if things are so far gone in turkey that those kids get expelled even though the sultan has nothing to do with it himself , this is actually worse than it just being him . 
  because if it is just him , it will go away with him , but this way it seems to be institutional . 
  very bad in the long run . 
  normaly i would agree and say it 's the same in germany . 
  but recently people have shown more confidence proclaiming to vote for a right party . 
  i guess that happens when you get called a nazi all day long for not agreeing with unlimited imigration . 
  you get to a point where you do n't give a fuck any more . 
  there is n't , she has politically killed off all rivals for power inside the cdu . 
  but faced with a voting desaster , i believe the party might revolt anyway . 
  that might actually happen if the votes come in as expected and if merkel does n't change course . 
  but the most probable outcome is that she will change course and close the borders . 
  good for austria i guess . 
  there are still enough bleeding hearts kind of people in europe where this will work unfortunately . 
  honestly , were at the point were a smaller eu , consisting of countries who are more willing to work together closer , might be the best for all . 
  if you really think that it just shows how delusional you are . 
  go on the street of any european city and proclaim your homosexual . 
  do the same in the middle east and them come back here and try to tell people that `` the same '' is happening here . 
  well , essentially your agreeing to all my points but the money-thing . 
  while i do not have a source ready , my information is that indeed a lot of money still flows into bosnia , but be that as it may . 
  so , why should we take in another money-recipent who will not contribute anything significant to the eu ?
