  there are no `` old sweats '' in the afd . 
  as with all new parties , their stance on many topics will evolve with time . 
  this gives them the option ( at least for now ) to go with voter opinions a lot easier than the old parties . 
  do n't know why you are downvoted , because that is exactly what will happen . 
  the only things which will bring down the afd might be collapse due to infighting ( which i do n't think will happen ) or the cdu returning to their conservative agenda after losing the federal election and ousting merkel and her cronies ( might happen ) . 
  so kinda like ... `` make gro\u00dfdeutschland again '' ? 
  i do n't know , mgda just misses the cool touch ... / s , just for sure , 
  this is so wrong it is ridiculous . 
  germany , and the concept of a unified nation for all germans was proposed and furthered by the people against the ruling class ( nobles ) at that time . 
  only later did the prussian monarchy jump onto that train . 
  sch\u00e4uble is right in the way that schulz is acting like he has no previous ties to the spd , talking in a very general way that he will be the champion of the poor and stuff like that , never being concrete about the things he wants to do . 
  it 's pretty much how populist act in general . 
  we will see how his polls react , when he has to specify his agenda . 
  if he actively starts propagating euro bonds or a transfer union , he will go down in flames . 
  that is not true . 
  the eu has no say over the german army . 
  we 're planing to do so . 
  at least in 2015 there were talks between both high commands to integrate units into each other 's army . 
  this is actually a real problem here . 
  every single bigger construction project is sued into oblivion before it can beginn , delaying it a couple years at the minimum . 
  every.single.one !, 
  how accommodating , that your ethics happen to benefit your bank account ... 
  or , you know , you could just put candidates up which do n't have any skeletons in the closet . 
  just saying ... 
  they are not fascist . 
  do n't throw around words you obviously do n't know the meaning of . 
  that would be a direct translation for the `` normal '' meaning of triggered , like `` the trap has been triggered '' . 
  it does n't really work for the social meaning , i would say . 
  well i have n't heard a lot news about poles agitating against and attacking gays abroad . 
  do you ? 
  i 'm not sure ... i do n't think we have a word for that specific condition . 
  maybe `` betroffen '' would work . 
  the difference is , almost all poles would keep their opinion about gays to themselves when abroad . 
  muslims on the other hand more and more tend to put their opinions into actions . 
  are you triggered ? 
  we 're picking them up all over the mediterranean . 
  that 's importing in my book . 
  then maybe we should n't import more of them , since we ca n't expect even their children to integrate . 
  i find it very funny , that in the face of the successful border control eastern europe implemented in the end , people still say the border controls do n't work . 
  it boggles my mind ... 
  thank you both for your interesting and well thought out points . 
  i very much agree with both of your concerns . 
  i am a lifelong cdu voter who will not vote for merkel again because she lost my trust 2015 . 
  i am contemplating voting afd , not because i think they would make a better government but because they will force the other parties to adopt more conservative measures in politics . 
  which they already do , btw . 
  without the afd , we would n't have an oppermann thinking about refugee camps in north africa . 
  so i would say a vote for them is not in vain , because it will push certain agendas back into politics , which have been disregarded too long . 
  concerning the future of the afd , it will depends who will remain in charge there : the patriotic/conservative wing or the nationalistic nutjobs . 
  if the nutjobs win , they will likely implode like the pirats , while if the moderates win , they become a regular part of the political spectrum . 
  i very much hope for the later , since i believe we are very much missing a conservative political body in our parliaments . 
  do n't hold your breath , it will be a long way before anything will be implemented , if ever . 
  well they are certainly oppressed now ... 
  you ... you are not suggesting that this position equals a finance minister ? 
  please say you do n't . 
  if you would put the alternative `` bailout/transfer union or no eu '' to the polls , i would guess `` no '' to reach at least 60 % . 
  transfer union will only get acceptance here with a eu wide finance minister or something like that . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  if you really want a transfer union , then you have to give hose who pay the money a say in how it is spent . 
  then people might agree to this . 
  otherwise not . 
  either is a red flag to most voters in germany . 
  cdu nearly broke apart he last time this happened with over 50 mps refusing to follow party line . 
  a party who advocates this will go down at the next election . 
  nope . 
  bailout packages are also a huge no-go to german voters after the last greek crisis . 
  every party which would go for something like that would get burned to the ground in the next elections ( if there are not mitigating circumstances - which i do n't see ) . 
  they 're yuuuuuuuge, 
  indeed . 
  once schulz will have to take positions on topics and make clear-cut statements , a lot of this surge will even out . 
  maybe not if you live under some rock . 
  so what , let these guys be proud of themselves , they deserve it . 
  do n't diminish it by condescending comments . 
  please shut the fuck up . 
  what kind of people takes offense at that message ? 
  always happy to help , 
  you 're not on the same list/poll with russia and the us . 
  that in itself could be seen as a compliment and sign of trust . 
  germany jokes about poland ? 
  from when is this , 1995 ? 
  seriously i have n't heard a joke about poland for a long time . 
  very true . 
  you said virtually nobody came . 
  this was an obvious lie , which you showed yourself by providing the data . 
  oh , just 280.000 . well , that difference of 20.000 means you are totally right . 
  and these are just preliminary figures , which are surely on the lower side . 
  virtually nobody , yes ? 
  stop pushing your agenda . 
  there were more than 300.000 in 2016 . 
  under erdogan , turkey is untrustworthy and should be dealt with accordingly . 
  oh , and i would pull our units of of there . 
  thank you for the detailed answer . 
  if you do that you wo n't get many volunteers , i 'd guess . 
  people do n't want to spend all their time at some border far away from home . 
  well where would you station them if not inside their own borders ? 
  how would they go on leave , why would they want to spend all of their time abroad ? 
  very much to the point . 
  thank you !, 
  german troops defending against poland . 
  where 's that from ? 
  what ?
