  i agree . 
  but what would happen if the international community would withdraw from bih ? 
  would they be able to take care of things or would it go back to ethnic separations in politics and life ? 
  because nato . 
  they take turns patrolling the borders . 
  well , the people there would n't have needed such a `` dictator '' if one could have trusted them not to go to war with each other . 
  obviously , in the past you could n't . 
  now ? 
  i have no idea . 
  your statement shows your ignorance concerning this case , since the german government has nothing whatsoever to do with this verdict . 
  they are already considered the only de facto opposition and rightfully so . 
  all the other parties ( minus die linke ) are pretty much indistinguishable concerning the major political topics . 
  their voting base will keep on rising if no big change happens . 
  who could have expected this ... / s, 
  most germans do n't want that !, 
  the thing is , a lot of them did n't realize what is happening in the beginning , since the politcians and media tried to paint a `` everything is good and those who do n't agree are evil right-wingers '' picture . 
  but people are waking up , als you can see with the declining votes for the government parties and the ongoing rise of the afd . 
  i listen to that one regularly . 
  since everybody remembers the women and nearly no one the song ( at least that is my impression ) that is probably simply the truth ... oh , and that germanys performances the last years were bad also does n't have anything to do with that . 
  oh , i understand totally . 
  if this would have been the german one , i would have felt embarassed and pissed also ( on a side note ; like i do this year ... ) . 
  since it was n't , i could enjoy the show , 
  i did n't criticise the song ( ca n't remember it at all ) . 
  i praised the performer . 
  basically . 
  i have no idea what the people behind her thought sending her to the wolves . 
  it was a total embaressment . 
  me and my pals enjoyed it very much , 
  and a very weird costume ... 
  it seems to me that we targeted the wrong audience . 
  apparently , there are n't that many paedophiles with a manga-fetish out there / s, 
  yeah , because big breasted young women stomping butter beats music every time . 
  that is , if you 're male , of course . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  i 'm in for it . 
  indeed . 
  and now polls are showing that up to 70 % of the people have to some extent or other lost faith in the media companies . 
  i wonder where that came from / s, 
  i really , really do not believe these numbers . 
  maybe in the beginning , when people did n't understand what was actually happening and what the consequences would be , but as soon as it became a flood more and more people became sceptical . 
  it was just the media that kept the illusion up that people were in favour . 
  that is , btw , one of the reasons the media has it 's very own crisis in germany right now . 
  a lot of people have stopped believing them . 
  a government which would bot have opened all gates would have far less expenses . 
  the same goes for one which actually sends those home who have no right to be here . 
  they are also a ridicoulus waste of taxpayers money . 
  hopefully though shit like this will be voted away in the future . 
  they are already a problem , we would n't need any more for that . 
  i do n't know ... but i expected it to be worst . 
  i know . 
  the meme is to use these words for all kinds of stuff . 
  turkey is obliged to secure it 's borders and not let everyone pass who wishes to do so . 
  since these people entered from turkish grounds they can and should be sent back there . 
  yeah , but there are/were hundredthousands of people going through and coming from turkey with turkey doing nothing to stop them . 
  these people should be sent back to turkey since it was it 's obligation to not let them take to sea . 
  i believe it 's a play on the meme `` build a wall and let mexico pay for it '' from r/worldnews . 
  i agree here . 
  everyone ( including turkey ) who does n't take his refugees back will get hit by embargos and fees . 
  they would comply very fast . 
  reporting for duty . 
  i thought he would build a wall around it ... 
  yeah , right . 
  you should try to talk to covered muslim women as a white male . 
  try and see what happens ... 
  in a lot ( most ? ), 
  european countries the swastika is a banned symbol . 
  which i am fine with . 
  and it 's just a question of time until the same will apply to niquab and burka . 
  like in belgium recently ? 
  that is true . 
  still , the afd is a rather young party where there probably will be some development in their political views . 
  i would not rule out that they might become more social in matters economical . 
  which would n't help them since they would n't get benefits in germany if they are registered somewhere else . 
  i do agree that the banks made grieveous mistakes in greece . 
  and i believe europe should have taken the chance of the 2008 financial crisis to reign the banking sector in . 
  still , one can hardly blame the banks for the fact that greece loaned money from them without investing it in their future but spending it on luxuries like an overbloating bureaucracy . 
  how about neither ? 
  so , austria , what 's up ? 
  so if it is le pen vs. melenchon who will win ? 
  that 's because salafists see him as a puppet of putin and want to topple him . 
  yeah that 's not praise , that is hardly recognizing the deed itself . 
  are they ? 
  so ... what does he think merkel or holland or supposed or even able to do about it ? 
  yeah let 's talk about elsass-lothringen while we 're at it , yes ? 
  if you have a winner-takes-all system , it is indeed not a good metric . 
  you could have 45 % far right voters with no representation in this kind of system . 
  if you are earnestly comparing the situation of gays in nowadays germany with that of the jews in the third reich you are totally out of your mind . 
  not only does this show your ignorance on both topics but you are als degrading the suffering of those persecuted to further your aims here . 
  this is despicable !, 
  never said it is . 
  people just do n't care about it so politicians seeking votes do n't adress it . 
  well , the majority in a democracy decides by their voting behavior which issues are important and which are less so . 
  and i think this is a good system . 
  concerning adoption as fast as i know gays can adopt children . 
  they just can not do so as a couple but rather one of the partnership will be the sole parent in the legal sense . 
  so while there is indeed a difference to hetero couples , it is not extremely big and it surely does not prevent gays from adopting . 
  fine by me . 
  like i said i do not know how you get this implication . 
  all i said is that for most people this is a non-issue , so they do n't care one way or the other . 
  yes there are more important topics .
