oh stop being such an oversensitive special snowflake . 
  surely you can handle a joke like that if you can handle a bearded lady . 
  baltic circle jerk my ass . 
  lithuania received exactly 0 points from latvia and estonia . 
  oh it was common once alright . 
  then . 
  yesterday my team won , sieg heil !, 
  and ~ 500 kebab kiosks ? 
  when was the last time christians were stoning and decapitating people `` in the name of jesus '' ? 
  you hate kaunas so much you mentioned it twice !, 
  i 'm baffled by the `` refugees  local poor '' priority . . 
  `` was n't custom to do this '' and '' being specifically instructed not to do this '' is very different imo . 
  too bad he looks like a certain character of the so-hated western culture . 
  humpty dumpty . 
  just pulling your prejudiced leg , buddy . 
  that 's racist . 
  seriously , you 've just accused some people of plotting murder without any proof and based solely on your prejudice . 
  far right extremists of uk at least do n't behead people . 
  far right extremists of isis on the other hand . . 
  and that 's the difference between us two . 
  could say the same words to the relatives of charlie hebdo victims ? 
  poleland - makes sense, 
  my imagination be damned ... 
  happy hunting !, 
  scientologists * are * cultists . 
  and you act with a * fervor * of a cultist , i never directly said you are one . 
  you are escalating this yourself , see ? 
  and yes , i am making this about you . 
  i find your actions creepy and with a personal agenda too , which makes you a hypocrite . 
  and i am calling you out on this . 
  now , as for posts about migration - this is a real problem nowadays , do n't try to censor or whitewash it . 
  bigotry ? 
  maybe . 
  but there 's no smoke without a fire . 
  as you said yourself :  still , when people see someone vandalizing their neighbourhood , they stop the destruction if they can or at least try to involve others to do so . 
  i 'm of course not the only user here who cares about this . 
  really , i 've only seen scientologists trying this hard to shoot down their critics in the internet . 
  do you do this ~ ~ witch ~ ~ sockpuppet hunt only on / r/europe or on other subs too ? 
  if you do this only on / r/europe and only patrolling the posts concerning asylum seekers , then you have your personal agenda too , it seems . 
  yeah , creating alts to push an agenda is creepy . 
  however , hunting such alts , as if it was your job , is equally creepy in my eyes . 
  it seems it gives you some kind of fulfillment . 
  i 've only seen cultists having such fervor . 
  just curious , because you take this stuff so serious . . to the point of rummaging in histories of your fellow redditors in order to scavenge any bit of information/comment that will serve you to put down a fellow redditor . 
  i find it creepy to be honest . 
  and harassing . 
   looking for sockpuppets is this your job or what ? 
  oh , do i smell dedovshchina ? 
  made them yesterday . . yummy . 
  will be having some in a couple of hours for lunch . 
  leftover cepelinai fried on a pan are just as good . 
  thanks , braliukas ... 
  pretty well ? 
  you call that a `` pretty well '' ?? 
  i 'd say that was the * best * way anyone could have handled . 
  seriously . 
  frau merkel shows that she is not weak to screw all of germany because of one persons tears , but in the same time , she shows that she is not an emotionless drone . 
  how would have other officials handled it ? 
  most would just sit in their chairs shrugging their shoulders `` meh , it 's not our fault you were born in that turbulent country '' . 
  and these are not the ones who are unhappy about the removal of those statues . 
  i hope . 
  what about consenting siblings ? 
  our whole nation has been asking themselves the same question for quite some time now ... 
  in the end , we just accepted it and incorporated into our daily usage of lithuanian language . 
  [ ` nuff said ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaxqrxrmxc4 ), 
  strength through unity !, 
  well , now i got ta see it !, 
  thanks !, 
  edit : yup , you were right ... 
  shut it !, 
  agreecement sounds better , imo, 
  and now i see tendencies of people realizing that kubilius did a pretty good job at handling the crisis , however unpopular the decisions were back then . 
  i see him returning to pm position during next election of seimas . 
  and what percent of your parents annual income is that ? 
  do greeks even know what a heating bill is ? 
  it alone can be anywhere between 50 to 400 eu a month ( min wage 285 eu ) . 
  and we got 6-8 months of that `` joy '' . 
  not only that . 
  the worst insult used to be '' \u043f\u0438\u0434\u043e\u0440 '' and it 's derivatives . 
  i used to be pretty homophobic myself . 
  then i grew up . 
  you will too , hopefully  please do not tarnish lithuania 's reputation any further , thank you . 
  enough internet for you today , mr. gra\u017eulis . 
  yup , guilty of being illegal , sorry . 
  totally unlike crimean republic or donetsk people 's republic , which are 100 % legit . 
  should n't have posted that , should n't have posted that ... 
  well , yes . 
  the number of western people killed by isis is insignificant compared to the number of other muslims they kill . 
  `` my religion allows to shoot ~ ~ people ~ ~ infidels that sleep on sunbeds '' more like, 
  motives ? 
  what do these refugees do during the day ? 
  ca n't imagine them doing any public work , so they have all their time to try to integrate . 
  so getting beaten instead of a greeting in return is possible just because of a simple miscalculation of the space between fingers ? 
  a wise person should not take offense if it is done by a clearly foreign person . 
  a noob question - how do you salute `` hi '' or wave `` bye '' then ? 
  actually , sometimes we drink coffee at night . 
  for example , at a birthday party , the birthday cake is often served around midnight and everyone is offered tea or coffee . 
  he might run for presidents ... * shudder *, 
   it 's what the person saying them means matters . 
  also , how the receiver of the words interprets them .
