lebanese shawarma/chawarma is so much better than any turkish takeaway . 
  the restaurant kebaps are amazing , but i 'm afraid i 'm going to have to give the best kebab prize to the iranians . 
  i really like france as an owl . 
  it just really suits it . 
  what about words like caf\u00e9 ( which will autocorrect in most instances ) - surely it 's not pretentious to put the acute accent there , so is it any more so with na\u00efve ? 
  edit : microsoft word autocorrects naive to na\u00efve , accepts naivety but will offer to correct naivete to na\u00efvet\u00e9 or naivet\u00e9 . 
  as far as i know , it 's always said as [ n\u0251\u02cci\u02d0v\u02c8te\u026a ] . 
  if you say [ ` ne\u026av ( \u0268 ) ti ] and write naivety i 'll have no problem with it , but if you write naivety and say [ n\u0251\u02cci\u02d0v\u02c8te\u026a ] , it 's yet another irregularity in english ( which i 'd like to avoid ) . 
  in any case , i 've always used na\u00efve and na\u00efvet\u00e9 because that 's what jk rowling used in harry potter , which is the first time i came across the word in writing . 
  * somewhat . 
  not as much as in the early 20th century , but filipinos tend to gravitate to ` catholic ' areas in the us , which usually means latinos . 
  generally , if you 're a white foreigner , we 'll treat you very well * but * you 'll get special notice if you 're american or spanish . 
  with the latter , i think it 's pretty much standard that we 'll try to impress you with what spanish we know and talk about how close we are . 
  * the usa and canada are by far the most liked . 
  no doubts about it . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone the people generally dislike except for perhaps china . 
  * we consider ourselves asian , but we 're not like the other east asians . 
  in terms of language , indonesian/malay is quite similar but there are huge vocabulary differences due to 400 years of colonial rule . 
  culturally , the only people who are * really * close to us are the people of east timor , mainly because they 're catholic and the rest of sea is n't . 
  ethnically , we 're all over the place , but i suppose in general you 'll look like a malay or someone from southern china but apparently in the us we 're constantly confused for mexicans . 
  yeah i am . 
  alas , no , spanish is not relevant there any more . 
  it 's a very distant second after english in terms of foreign languages being spoken . 
  it is , however , being encouraged in certain areas , and i think that 's a good thing . 
  it ca n't hurt to speak more languages , especially one as widely spoken as spanish , but i suspect it will be difficult since so many people are already trilingual ( english , filipino/tagalog and whatever their local language is ), 
  this sounds a lot like the philippines ( hello from your hermanos and hermanas across the sea ) a ) a lot of the political families have n't changed from the spanish colonial era , and in the ` provinces ' they tend to be the hacienda and plantation owners . 
  b ) ca n't think of any examples off the top of my head , but 100 pesos ( 2.26 usd , 1.75 eur , 1.39 gbp ) goes a long way . 
  c ) a lot of electoral candidates for mayors , governors etc like to use scantily clad women in their public campaigns . 
  d ) yes , yes , yes . 
  i 'm sure many find it annoying , but it 's useful for people like me who are trying to learn french . 
  it 's very difficult to find such examples of real-life contextual conversations in a textbook or in online courses . 
  furthermore , they provide an english translation below that is n't done by a machine which is incredibly useful . 
  basically , it 's the only chance i can get for the time being at seeing a real conversation in french play out . 
  this is n't really europe , but in the philippines , a manile\u00f1o might refer to someone from outside the city as a * probinsyano * . 
  it is n't generally derogatory anymore , but they ( the provincials ) , and in particular the cebuanos , may refer to the manile\u00f1os as * imperyalistas * , which is usually derogatory . 
  and [ he did it twice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txxdoqai4mc ) , as well . 
  the apoth\u00e9ose of the sleeping beauty ballet aka marche henri iv/le retour des princes fran\u00e7ais \u00e0 paris, 
  it 's a breton song i stumbled on one day . 
  i particularly like the bass . 
  [ tri martolod as performed by nolwenn leroy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtubnzrlbq0 ), 
  but reneging on the deal * will * hurt france 's pride and status * outside * europe . 
  people will think twice about doing business with france which is why they 've been unwilling to change course . 
  for a second , i thought you were referring to [ bro gozh ma zado\u00f9 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct34lbdvgls ) then i realised , you could only possibly be referring to la marseillaise . 
  i 'm ashamed to admit that i know the lyrics to the first verse and chorus of la marseillaise , but i do n't entirely know the lyrics to god save the queen ... 
  the world was a lot less multipolar then , and the ussr towered over everybody that was n't the us . 
  china , india , brazil , russia etc probably would not let the eu get away with it . 
  nor should they . 
  one country , one vote , else you make a mockery of the concept of international dialogue . 
  i do n't think anybody 's touched on this yet , but it 's a bad idea to give up all the votes and seats the eu has in organisations like the un and wto . 
  as the developing nations grow more and more powerful , giving up those votes would be ill-advised . 
  maybe , sometime , but i 'm pretty sure that most europeans are opposed to the idea . 
  exactly , 
  i have n't really sampled much european cuisine , but i have to say ... - duck confit and cassoulet from france . 
  it 's a close to culinary orgasm as i 've ever been before - paella from spain - kleftiko from greece/cyprus . 
  it 's to die for, 
  as yankistani has said , armenia and iran go * way * back . 
  as in , before the birth of christ back . 
  they were ( and in iran 's case still ) big ( local ) power players in the middle east in the classical period , and out of all of them , the only ones who have really survived ( in as much capacity as that word can have in this context ) . 
  while this is n't such a big deal today , when you 're on the defensive you look for allies in people like you . 
  the armenians do n't particularly like the azeris ( and vice versa ) and the iranians are wary of azeri separatists , so it 's not really surprising they 've maintained good relations . 
  the turks drink beer and raki . 
  iranians definitely do drink alcohol despite what they 're government tells them not to do . 
  in fact , you might know that shiraz grapes are named after the city of shiraz ( in iran ) , a city famed for winemaking , though that particular variety was never grown there . 
  only after 1979 was alcohol banned . 
  bahrain , problems with the shia/sunni split aside , permits muslims to consume alcohol . 
  syria was secular , alcohol was never banned , even if people did n't really consume it . 
  i guarantee you , many more muslims drink than you think . 
  they wo n't eat pork , but they do drink . 
  the first time i went to a bar , i was in genoa on a school trip , with a group including palestinians , pakistanis and syrians . 
  we went to the only bar that was open , which we initially assumed was a gay bar . 
  they all had shots . 
  half of us were underage . 
  later that evening , we laughed at the students visiting from the usa , who were curfewed into their rooms with duck-tape because they were not to go drinking , despite being of age in italy . 
  the next morning , one of the pakistanis bought a jar of rum cakes , which he polished off that night with the help of a norwegian ( female ) friend . 
  back home , the muslim students drank just as much and did just as many drugs as the non-muslims . 
  i should note that this was dubai , a place where alcohol consumption is explicitly banned for muslims . 
  the syrian refugees , whether they should be here or not , are the middle class of a secular country which by all accounts was not poor . 
  they will be fully aware of the german habit for beer-drinking . 
  stop assuming the worst ffs . 
  syria was never what people here seem to think it was . 
  i 'm a very big fan of adieu and oublie-moi . 
  it may just be because she 's not what i usually listen to , but the lyrics definitely do have thought put into them, 
  i 'll have you know i also listen to c\u0153ur de pirate , kendji girac , ma\u00eetre gims and ( urgh ) indila . 
  do you have anything to recommend ? 
  and italy , which has been begging for this for longer than germany has . 
  you may recall renzi threatened to open the italo-austrian border to refugees a few months . 
  except this would be equating arab and muslim , which is problematic . 
  not , at least for him , because it might be morally objectionable , but because it would n't help him . 
  the arab christians look the same as the arab muslims . 
  the clothes that the people of the arabian gulf wear are n't * muslim * clothes , they 're gulf-arab clothes . 
  muslims elsewhere dress differently . 
  in indonesia , they are more than content wearing western clothes . 
  many women outside the gulf do not wear the veil , and nobody wears those robes people associate with bin laden or saudi arabia . 
  the lebanese , and maghrebi in particular . 
  these biases lead you to believe in a state of reality that is n't even the case . 
  i 'm fully aware of the dress codes , i grew up in the middle east . 
  but that 's just it , iran and saudi ? 
  that 's 1/8 of the muslim population worldwide . 
  the muslims of sub-saharan africa , india and south east asia dress * differently * . 
  all protest chants are aggressive .
