  paul is very international . 
  they are all over the uae , and not a few years ago they opened one up in manila . 
  there are maxs in dubai . 
  at least 2 , if i remember correctly . 
  mayotte, 
  you were trying to dispel it as a universally obscure publication so nobody should trust it . 
  it 's irrelevant if you personally you do n't know what it is . 
  some random nigerian farmer wo n't have heard of the new york times , does n't make it obscure . 
  japan times is japan 's largest english newspaper . 
  it 's hardly obscure . 
  do you mean th ? 
  as in * the *, 
  we ( the filipinos ) did and do . 
  they , like so many south east asian scripts , were based on sanskrit . 
  they do give a shit if the leadership is erratic and the political environment tenuous . 
  he 's been threatening martial law for months now . 
  his ministers have publicly accused the vp , who 's from the opposition , of plotting a coup attempt against him . 
  they 're picking fights with the un over extra-judicial killings , which the government simultaneously proclaim are n't happening and also publicly support . 
  and right now , the philippines has a special trade status with the eu , which can be taken away . 
  which is precisely why the idea of pissing off your largest trading partner is not a good idea . 
  out of curiosity , what does the accent sound like ? 
  in terms of what is different to castilian ? 
  nope . 
  there 's a spanish creole down south ( chavacano ) , but spanish basically died off around wwii . 
  we have a lot of spanish loanwords , akin to french and english and our ( meaning tagalog ) word for hello is * kumust\u00e1 * , from * '' \u00bf c\u00f3mo est\u00e1s ? 
  the philippines is learning spanish because : 1 - it 's easy enough for us to pick up english from the media 2 - we used to be a spanish colony, 
  i love the neo-byzantine style . 
  whoops , thanks, 
  hippopotamus is `` water horse '', 
  puy lentils are best lentils . 
  because it takes time to set instruments up on stage , and when you have 25 acts on stage you really need to be careful about your shows run-time . 
  i 'm fairly sure \u00f9 is literally only ever used once , in `` o\u00f9 '' ( where ) . 
  persian using arabic script is really dumb . 
  arabic script really suits the arabic language , but it 's horrendous for a language that would really be better off with an actual alphabet . 
  personally i think if you bother with the acute accent over the e , you should put the diaresis over the i. i.e. 
  naivety , naivete and na\u00efvet\u00e9 are fine , but naivet\u00e9 is n't . 
  it 's just to show the lexical similarity . 
  they are n't claiming albanian and slovenian are related languages, 
  i did n't even realise the campaign had n't started . 
  that other poll was 1 week old . 
  i would predict right now he 's around 19-20 and fillon is slightly ahead . 
  i almost got the dates mixed up , i forgot the first round is 23 april , not 20 march . 
  wikipedia says in 2012 there was just one debate between the first and second rounds , so do people know if there 'll be something similar here ? 
  if that -5 went to le pen and fillon , then yes . 
  edit . 
  i * think * he 's doing better with the under 24s than he was some time ago , but he 's lost ground with the 65 + s which would support the claim that the colonialism remarks hurt him . 
  but , its hard to read anything much out of this right now . 
  fillon tanked for a while , but 2 weeks later he 's back up again . 
  the poll is a week old . 
  that it 's an internet poll is n't too much a big deal these days , but we need to look at the breakdown of voters and see if it makes sense demographically . 
  add it to the averages , but a lots happened with macron since then , and things with mlp are about to kick off . 
  edit : although , strangely , everyone not named mlp is around where other polls said they were a week ago . 
  even mlps is not far out a 2.5 % margin of error from the 25-26 she had and has in other polls . 
  i think fillon is starting to rebound actually . 
  he 's gone up a point or two since penelopegate . 
  now that marine is taking up all the airwaves with her potential misuse of funds , macron is out of the limelight for enough time for enough people to get over his comments on algeria, 
  thanks , i misread . 
  i do n't doubt there 's been narrowing , because you have to look at the whole range of polls to see the trend . 
  i remember one poll a few days ago where the opposite happened ( macron went up ) , but more data is required to form a more accurate picture . 
  and it 's an extremely poor assumption that the gap will continue to narrow until mlp overtakes . 
  trump-clinton settled into a 2-4 % race nationally by september and did n't really budge ( pussygate and the debates did n't have a lasting effect ) after that . 
  i 'm not too familiar with french election polls of the past , but i sha n't be surprised to see something similar . 
  edit : also , do n't put too much stock in single day polls . 
  you need several days of rolling averages before you can realistically say you have useful results . 
  the brexit upset is n't comparable . 
  because at least brexit had the popular vote . 
  trump ca n't claim the mandate of the people , only of the electoral college . 
  it 's a trump reference, 
  neither of those results are within the margin of error . 
  + / - 2.5 % can only result in the margin shrinking by 5 % at most . 
  captain haddock is his clearly his sugardaddy, 
  sad !, 
  i mean ... is the algeria thing really a flip-flop ? 
  he said it had some good effects and some bad effects , now he 's saying it was a crime against humanity . 
  they are n't contradictory statements ... 
  the bad effects were the crime against humanity . 
  because fillon and let pen are in direct disagreement with him over it . 
  was n't it also the bastion of monarchism after the revolution ? 
  i might just be talking out of my ass, 
  french muslims are more supportive of same sex marriage than catholic poles are . 
  which is probably why the fn is n't very popular in brittany, 
  i expect it has to do with the louvre attack, 
  that 's not what he claimed ... 
  he said * western europeans * who obviously could not vote in the american elections . 
  and even if people viewed her as the lessor of two evils here , chances are it 's still not as negatively as it was in the us, 
  and her party ? 
  because [ her niece ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2016/07/24/frances-youngest-mp-opposes-gay-marriage-which-will-open-the-door-to-polygamy/ ) does n't like it . 
  seriously . 
  the former us secretary of state mentions a former minister in the current french administration in her emails . 
  am i supposed to be surprised ? 
  she probably talks about putin as well , is he a clinton puppet ? 
  do n't pretend bernie would n't have had the minorities problem had he won . 
  you may recall , he already had that problem in the primaries . 
  he lost the south for a reason . 
  also the dnc only `` screwed him over '' long after there was any chance of him winning . 
  that smoking gun may 5 email was after the ny and acela primaries , bernie would have had to have won the remaining primaries by like 70 % in order to secure the nomination * without * superdelegates . 
  it obviously was never going to happen . 
  bernie lost because he lost the south ( he even lost southern whites , despite winning them most everywhere else ) . 
  he gave up on it entirely , even though he was there * before * clinton was , it 's his own damn fault . 
  nikki haley was governor of south carolina .
