  the state polls were wrong . 
  not the national ones . 
  not that there was n't a problem with polling , but in order to make a point of them you have to be aware of what actually went wrong . 
  also , michigan was the only state that was an upset on bernie 's part . 
  clinton outperformed polling all over the south ( and especially in states like la , ms , al ) in the primaries , sometimes by more than 15 % , which was of a similar scale to the michigan upset . 
  why mi was an upset was very simple , the state switched from a caucus to a primary as such there was little reliable historical data for pollsters to use . 
  nah , hillary drinking was one of the things she could do well in terms of connecting with the common man ( and certainly better than donald , who does n't drink at all ) . 
  the more appropriate analogy , and i do n't really know why you did n't use it , was her attempts at connecting with young voters . 
  androgyny is very `` in '' in the modelling world . 
  is n't hitting people with things assault ? 
  white and latino are not mutually exclusive , which is why `` non-hispanic white '' is a category in demographic statistics . 
  which is silly because almond milk has been called that for literally millennia . 
  not to mention , milk of magnesia . 
  it 's the texture that people want not the taste . 
  you do n't understand , the west is no longer the only economic centre in the world . 
  asia is benefiting immensely from it . 
  and it 's not just the governments pushing it . 
  they are only pushing it because businesses are pushing it . 
  who are pushing because they are concerned with their bottom line ... money . 
  and , at the end of the day , the average citizen likes their cheap clothes , endless variety of food available all year round . 
  the west can try . 
  but it wo n't succeed . 
  technology has made it impossible to stop globalisation , even if you wanted to . 
  `` bringing back the jobs '' is n't going to work , not the way people say it is . 
  they might come back , but all you 'll do is drive consumer prices up and that will piss off even more people . 
  those companies will see falling business and downsize or fold , and those jobs that you tried to save ended up lost anyway . 
  frankly the only way it could be stopped is if every nation decide to 1984 themselves . 
  the course has been set , and the die cast . 
  the only thing that 's certain with current elections and trends is that we 're in for a bumpy next decade . 
  she did admit it , repeatedly . 
  what happened in october was comey 's hand being forced by the fbi office in ny into basically blowing up all of the fbis rules about non-interference which they respected with trump . 
  the rule is , they are n't supposed to talk about cases near an election , not even to confirm an investigation is happening , a rule comey has thus far followed for trump ( because he is obviously under investigation , especially now that the cia has come out with its own report on russian interference ) and clearly disregarded for clinton at the end of october . 
  his july exposition on the clinton case was also against fbi/doj rules . 
  i do n't believe comey himself was biased against clinton ( just a maverick of sorts ) , but it 's highly suspicious that giuliani clearly knew the oct 27 letter was coming . 
  the fbis ny office was in a state of not-so-secret rebellion against the washington office , which is what forced comey to release his letter regarding the anthony weiner case . 
  also , giuliani ( who is close to the fbi officials in the ny office ) clearly knew what was about to happen ( he hinted as much just days before ) , and so did chaffetz , since chaffetz re-endorsed trump just before the letter made headlines . 
  the bible does n't tell us to celebrate a pagan holiday dressed up as the anniversary of the birth of christ but hey christmas is religious . 
  to be clear , i am not expressing an opinion for or against the burqa ban , merely against this line of argument . 
  because van der bellen and hofer ended up with the most votes in the first round of voting , so they ( and only they ) ended up in the second round . 
  and since nobody but israel currently recognises anything outside the 1967 borders as israel , well it is n't israel as far as france is concerned . 
  edit it 's 1967 . 
  is that kilroy i spy ? 
  why is there a distinct like a the flanders/wallonia border , then ? 
  trees and independent judges . 
  logging and judicial independence have nothing to do with non-white people . 
  well that 's no fun . 
  but i guess you 'd get really upset if black people told you to keep zwarte piete behind closed doors too ? 
  the only thing obscene on this float in this picture is the sign the man is holding . 
  considering `` dick '' is pg-13 at best , i think criticising public fornication and fetishism on this post is a little unwarranted . 
  also , whatever happened to the oh-so-unprudish europe ? 
  where nobody bats an eye at nudity on the screen and yet * this * draws your ire ? 
  i 'm gon na talk about the us , because that 's what op was talking about ... american muslims are now more tolerant of homosexuality than white evangelicals . 
  [ here 's the survey ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2017/07/25120841/pf_2017.06.26_muslimamericans-04new-06.png ), 
  franz joseph i by the grace of god emperor of austria, 
  `` top '', 
  because the polish youth are much more in favour of same-sex marriage than their parents and grandparents , even if it does n't break 50 % . 
  they should n't have to find the source themselves . 
  the onus is on the op . 
  when i see the letters gs - , my mind immediately goes `` gunshot ... '' like gsr is gunshot residue . 
  but that 's my fault for spending my youth watching shitty crime shows . 
  f\u00e9licitations !, 
  on a side note , this is what we in the philippines call [ `` arroz valenciana '' ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/u2wmbg6zrcs/hqdefault.jpg ) be forewarned , it 's probably valencian heresy . 
  chorizo , chicken , raisins and eggs . 
  oh , and it 's cooked in coconut milk . 
  if he not female , he can not be the mother . 
  furthermore , have you forgotten the biological perspective of * seahorses * ? 
  where the male gives birth ? 
  the male , despite giving birth , is n't the mother , he 's the father . 
  there was a transman a few years ago who carried a baby to term . 
  legally he 's a male , obviously he ca n't be the `` mother '' . 
  there 's something really odd about a hungarian jew being vilified by both hungary and israel, 
  standard arabic does , not sure about it 's descendant maltese . 
  i understand people feel uncomfortable with certain aspects of the parade , but it 's literally a very small part of it ( having been in a few , i speak from experience ) . 
  it 's just the most shocking part so it gets the most attention . 
  but i have to wonder . 
  what is the opinion of these social conservatives on things like brazilian carnival or mardi gras ? 
  do these events cause these people to have negative views of brazilians , louisianans or catholics ? 
  otherwise it 's a convenient excuse to justify an existing dislike of the lgbt community . 
  not european , but the philippine equivalent is either juan or maria dela cruz [ passport ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/philippine_passport_%282016_edition%29_data_page.jpg ), 
  yes and yes . 
  circumcision was before the spanish , when much of us were muslim . 
  filipino ? 
  this sounds like filipinos my filipina mum tried to get me to do it when i was 11 , she was going to have it done in manila . 
  i said no , and that was the end of that . 
  she has n't brought it up since . 
  that 's a little too much for one unarmed man holding a flag , no ? 
  if it 's sunny and hot , you need to cover up , not dress down . 
  not only will you lower the effects of uv radiation , you also wo n't get as hot . 
  something light and airy , no dark clothes . 
  maybe a white button down shirt with tan trousers . 
  nationality is n't citizenship . 
  it says so in that article right there that nationality is used to refer `` in english and some other languages , the word nationality is sometimes used to refer to an ethnic group ( a group of people who share a common ethnic identity , language , culture , descent , history , and so forth ) . '', 
  in fact , let me direct you to https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/nationality merriam webster 's definition # 5 `` 5a : a people having a common origin , tradition , and language and capable of forming or actually constituting a nation-state the diverse nationalities of the austro-hungarian empire desired independence . 
  b : an ethnic group constituting one element of a larger unit ( such as a nation ) the country is home to five nationalities '', 
  no , the kurds are a nation ( and an ethnicity ) , but they are not a country . 
  nation and country are not strictly synonymous . 
  for example , if you go to the north america , you 'll find native americans organised into nations e.g. 
  the navajo nation . 
  it 's the same in the uk , which i think is silly because everybody already calls it almond milk . 
  heaven knows what happens when they enforce that rule on coconut milk and we start seeing recipes calling for `` coconut based milk substitute '' or `` coconut drink '' .
