  seriously ? 
  they 're syrian not saudi . 
  saudi arabia is literally the only country ( not counting is ) where that happens . 
  it is n't like that anywhere else in the middle east * especially * in syria . 
  a little , but i do n't think it will ever happen . 
  it would change the demographics of jordan too much , and jordan is too artificial a nation to let that happen . 
  no , they are not . 
  the jordanian government refuses to give them citizenship . 
  the descendants live in the camps their grandparents lived in . 
  they 're not stateless , since palestine exists as one , but they ca n't really return to their old homes because : * they 're probably in israel now * if they 're in the west bank there is n't much room and israel does n't really like it . 
  these refugees are one of the main sticking points in negotiations between israel and palestine , but that 's off-topic, 
  if they did that they be in cyprus instead of germany . 
  lebanon and jordan already have millions living in camps , jordan still has millions of palestinians and their descendents from 1948 and later . 
  turkey is also being overwhelmed . 
  going to saudi arabia is not much better than going back to is, 
  is ( it ) going down ? 
  ( filipino ), 
  [ land of hope and glory ] ( https://youtu.be/b_jtkacnxlq?t=40 ) - including the chorus - was performed at last years event . 
  vive la france !, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i doubt hercule poirot better known amongst us teens than tintin for belgium . 
  estonia was seemingly killed by the jury , sadly . 
  over 4 quarters at 0.6 % if my maths is correct ( 1.006 ^ 4 ) means just over 2.4 % growth in 2015, 
  i do n't think it should matter if she checked or not . 
  he deliberately went out to mislead her and had sex with her under false pretexts . 
  whether or not you think she was raped , his deceit is still dangerous, 
   i disagree . 
  these people need to intensify efforts to improve their living conditions in the places they live in . 
  that 's exactly why a lot of them come here . 
  my mother is a filipina . 
  she left the philippines to work in kuwait so she could earn money to support her family back home . 
  i 'm not denying that some economic migrants should be discouraged , i 'm saying that many of them are not making the move to europe for themselves , they 're coming to europe to earn money for their family and/or village back home . 
  which , does , in fact fulfil your requirement that they improved conditions in the place they come from . 
  he 's probably a pan-turkist . 
  i dunno about colombia , though ... 
  a national symbol of wales is the leek . 
  the ability to actually do anything without the us . 
  it 's more and more obvious that the us is pivoting away from europe and the middle east . 
  it 's new focus is china . 
  once it decides nato is no longer in it 's strategic interest , then you had best hope you have a common european army . 
  just to point it out to anyone who has n't seen it , this data is from 2013 . 
  nobody , not even the us , recognises the west bank as being israeli territory . 
  as far as quite literally * everyone * in the international community , bar israel ofc , is concerned , that land is * not * israeli . 
  why are you using liberal in the american sense ? 
  3 % of ukip supporters want to stay ... wut . 
  something i found funny this year . 
  there 's just one country that is sending a song entirely in french ... and it 's [ austria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zapgwvais3u ) . 
  france is sending a song [ half in english . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boyqovcybyq ), 
  imho the house of saud is ( or was , at least until salman came to the throne ) more moderate than the people . 
  you underestimate how conservative most saudis are . 
  afaik abdullah was somewhat in favour of women driving but the clerics and their followers raised their voice too much and nothing ever came of it . 
  the house of saud is playing a precarious game here . 
  they do want to align themselves more with western values just a little bit , but move too far i.e. 
  suggest women be allowed to drive and you risk massive civil disorder . 
  it 's not like how they oppress the shi'ites , there are n't enough of them to make too much mess , plus they can just say they are agents of tehran . 
  they ca n't do that with the wahhabi clerics they struck a deal more than a hundred years ago . 
  also , it 's not the saudi government directly funding terrorists , it 's their citizens . 
  they absolutely do not want anyone to threaten their power and that includes isis . 
  the wahhabi mosques are another matter . 
  here the saudis are guilty, 
  the people in the article are n't refugees . 
  their being in slovakia has absolutely nothing to do with the refugee crisis . 
  they have just about nothing to do with what happened in cologne and elsewhere . 
  it 's not about ethical sensibilities , it 's about pretending he did nothing wrong . 
  that 's what the statue * is * . 
  that 's all the statue has ever been . 
  it is * itself * a living testament to historical revisionism . 
  comparing it to the bamiyan statues or palmyra is ridiculous . 
  nobody who has n't already forgotten who he is is going to forget rhodes existed if someone tears down that one statue . 
  the statue does n't tell us something we did n't already know from elsewhere . 
  we 've knocked down so many churches and other buildings from the past , which have just as much historical value with little to no protest , that i 'm stumped as to why people are up in arms about this one in particular . 
  historical value is *** not *** the reason so many people in this thread are annoyed about the idea of knocking it down . 
  i get what you mean . 
  i understand your argument . 
  i actually agree for the most part , historical artifacts are there to remind of what happened . 
  except the statue has n't become history yet , it 's still in the present . 
  it presents the false image without any other context that he is a man that modern britain should honour . 
  like i 've said , if you do n't want to destroy it , fine . 
  put up a plaque right next to it with a list of everything he did , good and bad . 
  since i agree about destroying history , you could even remove the statue and put it somewhere else , in a museum somewhere , maybe . 
  as is the fate of every other historical artifact . 
  just , take the implicit honouring bit out of it , because , right now , it 's a shrine to imperialism . 
  and teach about him in history , because i do n't remember anything about british africa being mentioned during my years of compulsory history . 
  so instead of being number 1 , it could have been number 2 . 
  it was never a question of survival , it was a question of big dicked showing off . 
  the uk was n't never going to die . 
  it does not excuse the wholescale brutality . 
  british imperialism is * not * the same thing as , say , finland defending itself from russia . 
  the uk was not going to suffer brutal repression and resource scavenging at the hands of the africans it exploited . 
  if you can be proud of your countries achievements , you must also be ashamed of its crimes . 
  anything else is pure hypocrisy . 
  if the statues were built to honour brutal imperialists without any other context to remind of the fact that , you know , they did terrible things , they should not be around . 
  if you do n't want to knock the statue down , put a plaque next to it , that 's fine by me we do not erect statues of individuals except to honour them . 
  cecil rhodes should not be honoured . 
  i have a problem with him being honoured , not with him being remembered . 
  people here are accusing me of historical revisionism . 
  but they fail to understand that the continued existence of rhodes ' statue as it is right now is revisionism itself . 
  it brushes under the rug everything bad he did by telling us how good he was . 
  all individuals in history need to be remembered for their deeds , good and bad .
