  that 's why they 're * protests *, 
  funny you should say that ... because in the west we * do * generally let people wear what they want . 
  we * are n't * the middle east , and we should n't be stooping to their level . 
  if someone wants to look muslim ( what does that even mean ? 
  * ) , we in a free society should n't stop them . 
  our country , our rules . 
  those rules say you can wear what you like . 
  * there is no such thing as `` looking muslim '' . 
  there is only what our biases towards muslims tell us they look like . 
  it wo n't solve anything . 
  it does n't matter who ends up in charge , whether it 's whatever comes out of the fsa or assad , syria will still be incredibly unstable . 
  furthermore , the fsa managed to wage a war against assad for years before isis entered the picture , it will take a lot effort on anybody 's part to get rid of them . 
  perhaps the best solution would be to install another dictator , but it ca n't be assad . 
  there 's too much bad blood between him and a lot of the country . 
  it 's not local news , it 's [ international ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qgebqpq.jpg ) . 
  the sun never sets on the baguette empire * ce n'est pas nouvelle locale , c'est nouvelle [ internationale ] ( http://www.charlietheclown.co.uk/imgs/france.jpg ) . 
  i do not think he cares lol . 
  you do realise that arabs are white by definition , right ? 
  so are the north indians and north africans ? 
  white stops when the sahara starts , and when you cross into dravidian language areas in india . 
  what if it is black baby adopted at birth ? 
  speaks and acts like their adoptive parents . 
  still not european ? 
  it take courage to leave your family behind and risk everything , including your life , to journey to a completely foreign country where you know almost no one on the slim that that they can secure them a better life . 
  it does n't matter what happens to syria anymore , their priority is their family . 
  being killed in a 5-way war with no clear winner certainly does n't help their family . 
  cps , founded by margeret thatcher with known links to the conservative party . 
  i know the bbc is n't unbiased , but a partisan organisation accusing an organisation that 's supposed to be non-partisan of being partisan ( and * specifically * to on the opposite spectrum ) is a little ... biased . 
  the only way there are going to be able to get there is if somebody else pays for it and the gulf countries let them in at the border . 
  it would really be a terrible idea to go by foot , considering the many miles of featureless desert , not to mention it 's still the height of summer - temperatures of 40c + are bound to kill almost all of those who try . 
  give it a year , then that argument stops applying . 
  even if everyone claimed asylum in the first non-full safe country , eventually all the countries between syria and western europe will be full . 
  you do realise that eventually all the countries between syria and the netherlands will be full with `` true '' refugees anyway ? 
  you 're still going to get the wave . 
  if lebanon is full , they 'll go to the next one . 
  and that 'll keep doing that till they get to the netherlands . 
  once lebanon , jordan and turkey are full , the next closest safe place is ... cyprus . 
  then greece , which is under no condition to be accepting them . 
  then there are the balkans and central europe . 
  also , if they 're fleeing syria and these the 3 closest countries stop accepting them , how do they suddenly become economic migrants if they go `` spill '' over to the next one ? 
  they ca n't cross east to go to iran or south to saudi because * isis is in the way * it 's the middle of summer and temperatures of higher than 40c are not conducive to long walks * if you 're fleeing isis , why would you go to saudi arabia ? 
  but it does . 
  it 100 % definitely takes years . 
  religion * is * culture , they are n't exclusive categories , they are inexorably tied . 
  to be irish so many years ago was to be catholic , there was no distinction between the two . 
  culturally catholic is 100 % a thing , and not just in ireland . 
  you say that religion leads itself to different outlooks on life , but so do different cultures . 
  the japanese place a high value on honour , the americans are obsessed with freedom , the french and italians have oodles of joie de vivre , or have you forgotten the whole `` lazy mediterraneans '' stereotype ? 
  i know full well how european cultures are different to americans , but those cultures came about exactly the same way the american one did . 
  the french did n't pop up 1500 years ago eating baguettes and cheese . 
  once they were celts , then they were roman , then they were romans under franks , and then they were french . 
  every culture in europe started out a melting pot , the only difference is that the european cheese has never been as runny or hot as the american until now . 
  the only differences between america and europe are scale and time , that is all . 
  i 'm still not saying everyone must accept immigrants , all i 'm saying is that preserving culture is a fools errand , what it means to be british changes all the time . 
  it 's the reason why teaching british values to people is ultimately pointless , because they keep changing and nobody can actually agree on what they are . 
  the only reasonable argument against immigration as far as i am concerned is one of social stability . 
  there 's no inherent value or point to preserving for the foreseeable future what it means to be , say , slovenian in 2015 when your own grandchildren wo n't be doing the same . 
  god forbid they do n't too , the only thing worse than changing too quickly - which some can fairly argue is happening now - is changing not-at-all . 
  it took the americans many decades to sort their shit out , but the european die is cast . 
  i think the easiest way to understand this is to look at the us . 
  i know we like to mock the americans for suddenly all becoming irish on st paddy 's day , but really it 's the same phenomenon . 
  people come to the us or europe to seek a better life . 
  that much is obvious . 
  but , when they get there , they suddenly find that they have little in common with the host population and they have little money , so they end up all grouping together with people like them . 
  new york , was/is famously italian , irish and jewish . 
  the first generations makes an effort to fit in , but they almost never do because that rarely happens with the first generation . 
  the second generation rolls around , they 're still in their little compartmentalised section of their new country . 
  they move a bit more , but probably still end up staying in the same place . 
  the third and fourth generations come , they do n't speak the mother tongue , they do n't have all the cultural tendencies their grandparents did and have more or less completely adopted the way of life of the `` natives '' around them . 
  but they hang on to a few things , like being `` muslim '' or having `` italian-style '' family gatherings . 
  they notice that such differences exist between them and the people around them . 
  you feel a pull between different groups of peers , some telling you `` not to forget your culture '' or `` that tradition is stupid '' and at that point it can go either . 
  this process is even more pronounced when your living conditions do n't improve for whatever reason , and it breeds contempt or a zealous need to fit in . 
  the difference here between the us and europe is that their immigrants have been there * a lot * longer . 
  still though , look 40-50 years ago . 
  there were still * huge * problems with the mafia in nyc ; italian family dynamics run amok . 
  it 's not even just the italians . 
  everybody likes to pin this problem-fitting-in thing as simply just * muslim * , but nyc has seen it 's fair share of irish and chinese family-run gangs with a lot of violence . 
  for some reason , with the muslim immigrants , the problem that manifested turned from being prone to gang violence to radicalisation . 
  i could be talking out of my ass , but i truly think i can understand how it happens . 
  i 'm mixed , my dad is english , my mum is filipina . 
  i grew up in dubai and i have only lived in the uk for the last 3 years . 
  british culture should have been familiar to me with a british dad , but it was n't . 
  i was as stumped as any regular immigrant , citizen by birth though i may be . 
  there 's no question i dread more from strangers than `` where are you from ? '', 
  the answer changes depending on who asks . 
  i 'll say `` i 'm filipino '' to fit in with the asians , `` i 'm british , actually '' to fit in with others , but usually i 'll go the whole shebang and say `` my mum is ... , my dad is ... but i lived in dubai '' ( which , if you notice , does n't even answer the question ) . 
  it starts with little differences , ones that do n't even matter and it spirals out from there . 
  things like using the word `` mate '' , which i still do n't because it still feels weird and foreign in my mouth , or whether to call them `` pants '' or trousers , hob or stove , and even inches vs cm . 
  i ca n't tell if male acquaintances calling my `` native '' friends mate but call me `` buddy '' is because they 've guessed i 'm not really british or they 're just being belittling about my stature , though neither is a particularly nice-feeling outcome . 
  in truth , i feel neither british or filipino . 
  i do n't feel dubaian , i do n't really feel like i 'm anything . 
  i 'm attached to all and none of them . 
  the difference between myself and them is that my family is monied . 
  i feel like i have a future , and it does n't have to be in the uk . 
  these people do n't feel that , for whatever reason , and they go from not feeling particularly british to distancing themselves from britishness to actively despising it . 
  you absolutely can not understand it , for better or worse , unless you 've experienced it yourself . 
  for many it 's fine , they fit right in , for others it really is quite difficult in a brooding-about-my-identity-while-pouring-my-soul-out-on-reddit kind of way . 
  i have made no attempt to side with any , well , side on the matter and i am absolutely not condoning or supporting violence or terrorism , i 'm merely trying to give some a bit more perspective . 
  ** tl : dr my personal experiences with mixed cultures and identity .
