  rhodes ' statue only lets us remember his deeds good . 
  that 's fine . 
  i already said i do n't really care whether his statue is up or not . 
  but statues of people exist to honour people , not for us to reflect on their misdeeds . 
  putting the plaque there is good enough to remind people . 
  the uk did not need to build an empire in southern africa . 
  full stop . 
  we should absolutely remember him and his accomplishments , good and bad . 
  being aware of somebody 's mistakes , however , does not require honouring him with a statue . 
  we should not be honouring imperialism . 
  full stop . 
  let 's not pretend empire was for anything other that greed and glory . 
  removing a statue of cecil rhodes is not erasing him from history , it 's acknowledging we should n't we honouring him . 
  even if we wanted to erase him from history ( and we should n't , because we should n't forget ) , how can we remove him from history when he 's left his mark all over the borders of southern africa ? 
  it does n't affect me either way whether they remove his statue or not , but removing a statue is * not * erasing someone from history . 
  where i 'm from ( philippines ) :  january 1 , 2016 , friday -- new year 's day ( regular holiday )   january 2 , 2016 , saturday -- additional special non-working day   february 8 , 2016 , monday -- chinese new year ( special non-working day )   february 25 , 2016 -- edsa people power revolution ( special non-working day by virtue of proclamation no . 
  1071 , s. 2015 )   march 24 , 2016 -- maundy thursday ( regular holiday )   march 25 , 2016 -- good friday ( regular holiday )   march 26 , 2016 -- black saturday ( special non-working day )   april 9 , 2016 , saturday -- araw ng kagitingan ( regular holiday )   may 1 , 2016 , sunday -- labor day ( regular holiday )   june 12 , 2016 , sunday -- independence day ( regular holiday )   august 21 , 2016 , sunday -- ninoy aquino day ( special non-working day )   august 29 , 2016 , monday -- national heroes day ( regular holiday )   october 31 , 2016 , monday -- additional special non-working day   november 1 , 2016 , tuesday -- all saints day ( special non-working day )   november 30 , 2016 , wednesday -- bonifacio day ( regular holiday )   december 24 , 2016 , saturday -- additional special non-working day   december 25 , 2016 , sunday -- christmas day ( regular holiday )   december 30 , 2016 , friday -- rizal day ( regular holiday )   december 31 , 2016 , saturday -- additional special non-working day plus , there 's a 13th month bonus that * must * be payed ( by law ) for most employees towards the end of the year , equal to the yearly wage divided by 12 . 
  a lot of that goes to christmas . 
  as far as i can tell , the only countries that do this ( italy , mexico , nicaragua , chile , columbia , argentina , the philippines and brazil ) are latin and catholic . 
  on the other hand , we 're really poor , and nothing ever gets done , so ... perhaps we 've too many holidays . 
  that 's great and all , except perception of temperature is what decides what you 're wearing , not what the temperature actually is . 
  i feel windchill factor is different in different places because different societies perceive heat differently . 
  where i come from , anything below , say , around 20c is automatic jumper wearing weather . 
  besides knowing the temperature of some other place is purely trivial for most people at most point in their lives . 
  unless you are going to go somewhere really far away and need to know what to pack , you just do n't need the true temperature of that holiday resort in the canary islands , there 's no need for a scientific comparison . 
  the windchill adjusted temperature of your town , though ? 
  that 's reasonably useful information . 
  lebanon says hi !, 
  well , it at least it was once majority catholic . 
  it is n't anymore . 
  the prophet 's birthday was the 24th ( at least , here in dubai ) . 
  i know it 's not even really a thing , but it was conveniently placed this year . 
  well , if 60 % of the population does n't want the fn in power then the fn should n't be in power , even if they have the plurality . 
  governments should not have the power to detain individuals without sufficient proof or suspicion of wrongdoing , massacre or not . 
  maybe the level required is debatable , but the point stands . 
  that does n't fix the problem . 
  you 're offering to pay parents 10 000 for each baby . 
  raising a child costs hundreds of thousands . 
  in fact , i daresay this scheme will only really work on the lower classes , a number of whom are n't really in any place to wisely spend that money . 
  also , it 's not just a money problem , else you 'd see richer people have more children ( they do n't ) . 
  there are plenty of people who 1 ) do n't want children ever 2 ) want to focus on their career more ( especially women ) 3 ) will only have one or two which does n't put them above the replacement ratio . 
  the democrats have been haemorrhaging the midwestern white working class votes since 2012 . 
  the democrats have had an inkling this was going to happen since 2014 . 
  even if obama could turn our his voters in enough numbers to save pa , i do n't think even he could have won a 3rd term , even if he won the popular vote by a large margin , because he just is n't popular enough with the midwesterners who swung to trump . 
  cali still has 4 million ballots left to count . 
  i 've no doubt most of these will break for clinton , considering ca is one of the few states she 's performed better compared to obama 2012, 
  this is probably part of that . 
  there needs to be awareness of these kinds of competitions in these other countries first before actually launching them there . 
  they ca n't host it in australia , it 's part of the terms of their participation . 
  otherwise , you 'd have to fly 40 acts halfway across the world instead of 1 , it 's just not feasible . 
  a taco truck on every corner, 
  he 's running as a law and order candidate . 
  he 's frequently said he wants to bring order . 
  recently , he proposed nationwide stop-and-frisks for black americans and regular gun confiscation ( and silent were the republicans on this ) , supposedly to stop intra-community crime , but nyc already tried this with bloomberg and it was a failure . 
  and the us ambassador . 
  and the pope ... 
  i actually like hershey 's cookies n creme , but i ca n't stand their other chocolate . 
  and until our own chocolatiers make their own version , i 'll continue to buy it . 
  personally , i want dual citizenship because for me it 's both practical and obvious principle . 
  i 'm keeping my options open , and it 's inevitable that property in my very literal `` mother land '' will come into my possession . 
  that country ( the philippines ) also happens to be my country of birth . 
  right now , it 's absurd in principle that i need a visa to stay * in my country of birth * for more than 30 days , when i * have * the right to citizenship through my mother and thus the right to stay indefinitely . 
  thankfully the uk allows dual citizenship , so i aim to arrange that in the near future . 
  in this case i can have my cake and eat it too because i was lucky enough to be given two cakes when i was born . 
  hmm . 
  i meant standard in terms of what i would expect western cafeterias to offer . 
  i know france does n't have many vegetarians , but if they do n't offer vegetarians appropriate meals and ban packed lunches at the same time ... that 's stupid . 
  it 's standard to offer at least one non-vegetarian and one vegetarian one . 
  i do n't like the must-have-pork rule either , but banning vegetarian meals is an extra level of stupid . 
  edit : standard as in what i would expect from anyone serving meals in cafeterias, 
  it 's one thing to ban substitute meals in schools , but banning packed lunches is frankly ridiculous . 
  please tell me they at least offer vegetarian meals ? 
  if nobody should be forced to hide themselves , is n't the reverse true as well ? 
  this is literally what the munich police said . 
  is the bbc supposed to report something else ? 
  i 'm 90 % sure it 's not cruz 's politics that are there the reason the gop hates him . 
  it 's his personality and attitude . 
  yeah , she 's been doing it since the 90s , it 's not some new act of pandering . 
  they got a million more votes than the snp in 2015 . 
  that may not be reflected in parliament , but that still makes them more relevant than the mrlp . 
  they can try and argue ( perhaps unsuccessfully ) that their constituents voted to remain and so they will reflect that . 
  we know that ~ 70 % of the libdems voted remain , so ... 
  probably not gon na make an ounce of difference , might just be an attempt to win back the young voters they lost after 2010 . 
  france has a last recourse in their run-off election anyway . 
  the socialists will just vote republican to keep the fn out if it comes down to it . 
  superstates are rising everywhere . 
  just not as obviously . 
  they 're managing * fine * but they could be doing * better * . 
  asean is trying to start down that path with a single market ( because china is becoming seriously threatening ) . 
  the african union is still going ahead with plans for a single currency by the 2020s . 
  the gulf cooperation council in the middle east have in the last year agreed to , altogether , introduce sales taxes of 10 % in every member state by 2018 . 
  would it be possible to split the counties up , instead of just losing the entire country ? 
  derry , tyrone , fermanagh ( and armagh ? ), 
  join the roi , and leave the others as a rump ni ? 
  yeah , but they have n't experienced it yet . 
  switzerland might , albania definitely not, 
  it was the clear fan favourite before it became clear amir ca n't perform well . 
  iirc before the rehearsals , the music video on the eurovision channel was the second most viewed behind poland, 
  eh , it was 2015esque sweden staging with a song that belongs in 2005 . 
  you guys made the effort this year , the live performance was n't amazing but the song on it 's own is quite good .
