the man from vy\u0161ehrad . 
  proud to be a romanian !, 
   perfectly mirrored crash but that 's practically impossible . 
  you did n't directed me to chomsky , you simply said his name . 
  directing me to it mean specify the exact work ( s ) , chapters , page number . 
  that 's citing . 
   has nothing to do with me being a scientist or not . 
  it has to do with your attitude . 
  you 're to busy citing . 
  that 's not cool . 
   the relative speed does n't change , but the energy of the crash does . 
  that i agree . 
   two trains colliding at 40 km/h each will each suffer the same damage as one train hitting a wall at 40 km/h maybe , maybe not . 
  they could slide off the track , due to their respective shape ( totally different shape than a wall ) , so probably the impact energy is even lower than that of hitting a wall at 40 km/h . 
   he looked at the wrong signals ( other side of the track ) . 
   he had to report it the dispatcher , but he did n't . 
   did not reported it to the dispatcher again . 
  * facepalm *, 
  ah , you are correct . 
   a train driver ignored 3 red signals . 
  but ... 
  why ? 
   i do n't need to cite anything , it 'd be a waste of time . 
  i 'm glad you 're not a scientist . 
  the relative impact speed still remains 80 km/h . 
  the relative speed have nothing to do with impact and deformation sharing . 
  now what you may suggest is that impacting a train and a concrete wall at 80 km/h is are two different scenarios and i agree to that . 
  but the relative speed does n't change based on the objects that are colliding . 
  even at 40 km/h , a head-on collision between two trains would mean an impact at 80 km/h , which is really rough . 
  i heard there 's a new doom coming out soon . 
  i mean the game . 
  maybe because cluj was part of the empire ? 
   it can be , but most of it is gray and ugly in the winter . 
  only if you chose to see the gray and ugly . 
  no city is entirely made out of gold . 
   in the summer the green redeems it a bit and hides the ugliness . 
  the snow can do the exact same thing . 
  go on ... 
  chinese are not really into vampires and dracula , afaik . 
  i was amazed to find out that dracula is n't a recognizable character there . 
  at least not as known as in the western part of the world . 
  can confirm . 
  source : i 'm a romanian handsome man . 
  as a romanian , i have to say that the chinese pretty much nailed it when it comes to my country . 
  hungarian girls ? 
  please , do tell us more !, 
  i laughed at first . 
  it seemed funny . 
  then i felt sad . 
  nope , * b\u00e2rn\u0103 * means log , * barna * is a family name . 
  diacritics are important . 
  we do n't have family that many names with noun meaning , like in moldova :d edit : added * that many * . 
  in ukraine men receive flowers for their birthdays ? 
  from other men ? 
  so greece is considered to be in western europe ? 
  also , the space shuttle 's solid rocket booster diameter are about [ the same as the length ] ( http://www.astrodigital.org/space/stshorse.html ) of two horses ass . 
  just saying . 
  i was just trying to make a joke . 
  it seems that i have failed ... 
  because poland has a huge area and russian nuclear missiles may not be very accurate . 
  this is like a president being awarded with the nobel prize for peace , whilst being engaged in a war . 
  that 's not important . 
  i can also say that if i would be a girl , i would not go in iran in my shorts . 
  point is , when i go to a place , i tend to follow their laws , not to try and impose my laws . 
  * some * and * probably * are keywords here . 
   i cover my face with a scarf in the winter when the wind and snow are blowing in my face , yes . 
  but would you take off your scarf if a policeman/security officer from the airport ask you nicely ? 
  you would . 
  muslim women wo n't , invoking religion . 
  that 's the difference . 
  the difference is that you will kindly take down your ski-masks if someone would ask you nicely . 
  is as extreme as man that would be fined if he 's having a beer in saudi arabia . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  they do n't like alcohol in public places , we do n't like masked persons in public places . 
  they reported on a tv news station that even the street food place where they sale the best french fried in belgium is closed !, 
  i ca n't even imagine the horror poor belgians are going trough ... 
  not sure if you 're joking , trolling or you really confused budapest with bucharest . 
  arafat 's resignation was n't at all vocal in yesterday 's protest . 
  he and the current president is somehow still shielded by the protester 's wrath , for now . 
  but liviu dragnea announced that beforehand . 
   the pm didnt stop but called for help stating the motorcyclist was mearly wounded . 
  you realize that pm stands for prime-minister , but it was n't ponta who was in that car , but oprea ? 
  what 's funny is that the president of the national authority for consumer protection , marius dunca , find out from a tv station the he was fired . 
  not sure if you 're serious or not , but i hope you realize that not all the border is like this . 
  they have a pretty decent road trough tatra mountains , that connects slovakia and poland and the sight is absolutely amazing . 
  so any migrant could easily walk trough there . 
  is romania ... * in the eu * part of the eu * a country * safe, 
   i do n't understand why so many romanians take the visa requirements personally . 
  for the same reason we whine about schengen : we do n't want to be treated like a second-class european citizen . 
  shut up , you 're scaring me !, 
  the us ? 
  yeah , what a great partner they are , still requiring us visa to step on us soil !, 
  awesome partner !, 
  how do you think blocking them to adhere to schengen would stop the gypsies to cross romanian borders ? 
  romania is still within ue , so they can freely travel across europe without a passport . 
  why are you so naive ? 
  you probably missed the country entirely , buddy . 
  well , for one , i 'm glad that it 's not * showers * within apostrophes . 
  the ducks came from the trucks !, 
  what could go wrong in austria ?
