all sources are not equal , it 's possible to have valid proof of something as opposed to cobbled together half-truths and lies even though the latter seems infinitely more common ( in all debates ) . 
  any source for that claim ? 
  not good for the majority of europeans . 
  the whole thing was obviously a set up to tempt exactly the reaction it got . 
  you can fault the teacher who fell for it but the boys intentions ( or rather his fathers intentions ) are not innocent . 
  racial profiling sucks but when you already have a clue that someone might be dangerous ( carrying around a bomb-like device ) then i 'd be more willing to risk a white guy being innocent than an arab , as terror attacks although rare do happen . 
  do you think it 's irrational to be more suspicious of muslims than whites ? 
  since the year 2000 the population of the middle east has grown with 14 million . 
  the population of europe has grown with 2 million . 
  africa has grown with 300 million . 
  people do n't troll feminists nearly enough irl . 
  i 'm not disputing that , what i 'm saying it homosexuals should stop supporting parties that actively import thousands of people who hate them . 
  of course they are not progressive . 
  yet taking a sane stance on immigration is the only way to make sure homosexuals can live free lives in the future . 
  showing how homophobic muslims are is n't `` using homosexuals for political gain '' as much as highlighting an obvious yet obfuscated part of the immigration debate . 
  in sweden there is only one anti-immigration party . 
  they are not homophobes yet all gays i know that are vocal about politics are against them simply because they are less pro-gay than the rest . 
  this despite the fact that i bet a lot of them have the same experience with immigrants as / u/megustanlasfajitas . 
  i think it 's strange . 
  adoption is basically impossible since few nations you adopt kids from allow same sex adoptiva parents while actual hate crimes do happen . 
  that hate crimes are illegal is small comfort when you 've been beaten bloody for holding hands in the wrong neighbourhood . 
  looking at my fb feed my gay friends that are open about politics worry more about our nationalist party being opposed to gays having the right to adopt than continuous immigration from places where gays are persecuted . 
  i 'm asking him to support them out of self interest . 
  yeah but a lot of nationlist parties have a conservative bent and do n't support pro gay agendas . 
  moomin had so much nightmare fuel . 
  the groak , the hattifnattis , the ice princess , the wizard and those flesh eating plants . 
  if i had days to formulate a response i 'd at least make it funny . 
  like `` i fucked some ugly women in my past but calling them dead pigs is going too far . '', 
  yeah , i 'm sure actual refugees such as fleeing europeans during ww2 behaved the same way . 
  join hands with the nationalists at least till this thing passes . 
  some jackass politician that hates homos lasts an election cycle , homophobic settlers are forever . 
  our media is pushing it on us . 
  i do n't understand why . 
  yes , let 's rush into an agreement that will be complicated to pull out of once people notice the drawbacks !, 
  there is no escape . 
  of course the blacks murder each other , that 's what they do . 
  but compare black on white murder with white on black murders . 
  i do n't want a future where my children are outnumbered even if they are wealthy . 
  life in south africa is not good for whites * or * blacks today . 
  my point was to illustrate the possibility to be outbred even when you 're not physically removed ( but looking at the black on white murder rate in sa the case could be argued that is it a slow moving genocide ) . 
  it 's an interesting video , i 've seen it before . 
  it 's something to take into consideration if you want to have a significant population with low intelligence , either you simplify their lives so they do n't have to struggle against the system constantly or you let them have their own societies ( or even their own continent ! ) . 
  you can easily have a white society without somalis , but it 's impossible to avoid a white society with some low iq whites but it 's easier to take care of them and their failures will not the blamed on racism . 
  now , i actually see eugenics as a separate question to preserving your genetic identity . 
  i 'm pro eugenics as well but only on positive basis , that is , encourage great people to breed and explore genetic modification on a voluntary basis , never sterilizing someone because they have unwanted traits . 
  it 's important to be humble because most animals bred by humans picks up all sorts of flaws along the way when we strive for singular traits . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that people stop having kids when they 're not poor ? 
  will this make is more clear ? 
  http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/62524000/gif/_62524784_racial_profile_sa_464.gif btw , you should read up on sa history , an actually racist state . 
  very interesting stuff . 
  those opposed to mass immigration are a large minority but the media has been on a decades long campaign to silence and ridicule that position . 
  living in proximity to multiculture , as you 're often forced to when you 're young and poor , will change even a naive leftist , as it did me . 
  i still want universal healthcare , state run institutions and welfare for the disabled or addicted but it 's not compatible but a non homogenous society . 
  our birthrate is below replacement , their birthrates are above replacement . 
   the children of immigrants to european nations are `` minorities in their own nation '' . 
  and why would it matter if they were a racial minority ? 
  it could only matter if society is racist ... 
  guess which the only non racist societies are ? 
   not sure what that has to do with anything , i 'm not suggesting that people be allowed to go around official immigration/refugee controls . 
  if you 've been following the news that 's what is happening every day and the swedish and german leadership is competing to see who can be the most welcoming of anyone who claims to be a syrian . 
  the laws in place state that refugees going to eu should stay in the first country they are registered . 
  this is why they are furious that the hungarians are trying to register them , they want refugee status in germany or sweden . 
  many nations simply let them through because they do n't want them . 
   besides , wealth is not a zero-sum game . 
  there 's not a fixed amount of material wealth in the world and it does n't need to be hoarded . 
  first and second-generation immigrants ** can be a net benefit to an economy if selected and integrated properly ** . 
  the notion that immigrants are automatically a `` drain '' on resources is absurd . 
  they can be , but it 's not a universal truth . 
  this is not currently happening . 
  it means so little that europeans and africans did n't breed for 50,000 years . 
  i 'm glad you take this debate seriously and give some honest counter points that go beyond applauding the possible disintegration of my people . 
   you are discussing a case in which people share the same culture , values and national identity . 
  what is the matter with ancestry ? 
  your royal dynasty is french and there are already plenty of swedes of foreign ancestry . 
  it is precisely by refusing them the qualification of swede , by decreting they are and will always be a `` foreign ethnicity '' , that you risk of making sweden one day majority foreign . 
  our blood is of course not holy , we 've assimilated lots of germans , dutch , jews etc. 
  in our history . 
  i 'm not against outbreeding or a certain degree of race mixing , what 's i 'm worried about is when a single town accepts more iraqi refugees post 2003 than usa and canada combined . 
  they are now a permanent ethnic group and effectively have their own community in that town and ethnic swedes are leaving because they do n't like living together with so many foreigners . 
  that town is now culturally and genetically foreign and there is no moral way to undo that . 
   the question is a very fundamental one : what defines your nation ? 
  in the 19th century , here in france we discussed about it and decided that a nation was not a question of blood , but the common desire to live together as a single people . 
  if sweden wants to be on the contrary a select club of descendants of ragnar lodbrok , well it 's okay . 
  but then you should probably have thought about it before giving swedish nationality to plenty of people you do n't actually consider to be swedish . 
  you lied to them if that 's the case . 
  if for you sweden is by definition white and should always be white , then logically no non-white should ever get the swedish nationality , no matter if they 've been born here , if that 's the only country they know , if swedish is their mother tongue , if they know everything about swedish culture and identify with that country . 
  no , they 're not swedish because they 're not white . 
  but no , that 's definitely not racist . 
  of couse that is racist but racism is not inherently evil . 
  if i moved to japan , got citizenship , learned japanese etc. 
  would i get offended if they never truly saw me as japanese ? 
  of course not . 
  sweden has never had the national conversation about what is means to be swedish . 
  we have been so homogenous for so long that thinking of ourselves as a group did n't really occur . 
  immigration has ramped up very quickly , people are overwhelmed and the conversation is constantly shut down by cries of racism , saying that recognizing yourself as a separate entity is just a slippery slope to genocide , all while it 's perfectly ok for immigrated groups to have their own identities on top of the national identity . 
  france is a very different country and your intelligentsia does actual independent thinking . 
  most of our politicians do n't even graduate from university . 
  imagine how shallow our public discourse is . 
   on the other hand , though , it seems like pro-immigration folks in your country are not any better at assimilating immigrants .
