why ? 
  there would still be a lot of beautiful nature and architecture to be seen , for example . 
  and of course a lot of food would be locally different because some things just do n't grow in some places . 
  based on how many differences there regionally are even within the same country , i do n't think this would ever disappear . 
  i would love a world with so much diversity that having countries would n't make sense anymore , 
  when a ship ( or country ) gets overcrowded , people will move away , as they have just heard about this almost empty ship , which has a new captain who really encourages people to go there , by giving them bigger quarters and a lot of freedom/possibilities to make a significant addition to the ship and its crew . 
  if everybody would do that , the country would have so many empty buildings , that the prices would drop rapidly , making it attractive for people to move there  for the alternative : i do n't see anything negative about a country full of ethnicities that were n't there before ( and just in case : i 'm not saying that you are implying that ) . 
  if i 'm born on this ship and the captain treats everybody like shit and i have to work disproportionally hard to get a little bit of food , and i hear of other ships that have better captains and ditto conditions , why does it make me a bad person to switch ships ? 
  [ ah , the ol' reddit bike-aroo !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3i60eq/mama_shows_off_her_baby_to_the_world/cudvhoc?context=5 ), 
  which precisely makes them like everybody else , 
  i applied for that job , but the pay is shit so then i decided against it . 
  if you 're in latvia , better buy balzams , 
  after some research i initially found something cheap with unlimited everything , but the cheap $ 14,95 bundle had only 64kbps internet . 
  that 's like isdn . 
  the cheapest fast , unlimited internet i found in the netherlands was for $ 34,95 . 
  that 's sim only , of course . 
  is it sim only ? 
  or including a phone ? 
  because you pay that back through the monthly price . 
  it 's funny to see how the dutch just added more green by creating new land . 
  it 's an isis plot to create more division between muslims and the rest of the world , so they ( muslims ) are more likely to join their battle . 
  but that 's just one of many possibilities that i can come up with . 
  if you are good for the people in your country , and educate them , there 's a good chance they stay , work and pay taxes . 
  that 's impossible and stupidly naive . 
   you mean you hope for people to blindly repeat your opnion without giving it serious thought ? 
  definitely not . 
  i want people to critically think for themselves . 
   if you seriously compare inviting a stranger to sleep on your couch with going out partying on new year 's eve , then i think there must be something wrong with you . 
  it 's not for comparison . 
  it 's about that shit happens in life , to everyone , it 's inevitable and no matter how much we do to prevent it , shit will happen , always , to anybody , at random . 
  this assumption really helps to not take anything that happens to me personally and to not dwell on what happened . 
  to think `` ah , now it was my turn '' helps a lot dealing with and letting go of shit happening . 
  and no , this is not in any way saying that assault is good and it 's okay that it happens , definitely not , we should prosecute perpetrators who invade someone else 's freedom . 
  of course one should still go to the police , and of course we should do what we can to make less shit happen , but at least the mind set of ` shit will happen to me sometimes , like to everybody else ' makes the pain of shit happening way less and for an enormously shorter period . 
  ` shit should not happen ' , while true , is na\u00efve and causes unnecessary suffering . 
   maybe some day you grow up and get wiser . 
  but for now , do n't try to be so desperately `` hipster '' , it 's pathetic . 
  i did grow up , that 's what saved my life , and i 'm still growing every day . 
  i 'm not a hipster , i 'm nothing . 
  what would even give you the idea that i was ? 
  we already do teach people not to rape others , and still it happens . 
  it should indeed not happen , but it does . 
  it 's not that men are treated as mindless animals , it 's just the inevitability of assault . 
  there will never be a rapeless society . 
  to pretend otherwise is just sticking your head in the sand . 
  both are inevitable and part of life and we should accept that this happens . 
  from that starting point we should see what we can do to prevent harm as much as possible . 
  constant should be inevitable . 
  sorry for the language barrier . 
  okay , i poorly phrased . 
  if i would take the analogy and fill in the words that i meant , it would look something like this : if someone gets assaulted and they did n't protect themselves , would you blame humanity ? 
  answer : no , humans are humans , there are assholes . 
  humanity as a whole is not to blame , there 's good and bass apples . 
  it sounds a bit crazy , i admit , but to clarify : people get assaulted , then someone gives advice to reduce chances of this happening in the future . 
  people get angry and say that assault should n't happen in the first place . 
  bonus clarity : so in this analogy : people are the weather , rain is an assailant , an umbrella is a preventive measure , and getting wet is the act of being assaulted . 
  i try not to judge , and i try to not let emotion take a hold of me when thinking about the best possible outcome of anything . 
  it usually results in a lot of people being angry with me until i clarify all that is misinterpreted . 
  i have tried different options to prevent to get angry replies . 
  it either results in losing the entire meaning , confusing people to the point of ignoring me , or it results in such clear , lengthy posts that nobody takes the effort of reading them . 
  needless to say , i do n't care anymore for upvotes , or popularity , or anything , i just say what i want to say and hope that it makes some people think more critically instead of blindly repeating the status quo . 
   if you stop the criminals there will be less victims . 
  of course , i was n't implying anything else . 
   you 've literally insinuated that these disgusting individuals should not be blamed for their own actions . 
  no i did n't , you are twisting my words . 
  and that 's what the general problem seems to be , people putting words into other people 's mouths . 
  i mean here that assault is an inevitable thing in life , like rain is . 
  you can think what you want that everybody should always be safe to go on the streets , fact is that this is an illusion . 
   i do n't know any true dutchman who has such sexist views . 
  and frankly , to imply that because these women did n't protect themselves from hoards of men ( edit ) they are to blame , sure sounds like an opinion shared by those in favor of sharia law . 
  the only people to blame are the people who assault others . 
  i 'm not intending to imply anything otherwise . 
   i 'll have to pacify myself by hoping you 're some immigrant who still has yet to integrate . 
  cuz this is some medieval shit right here . 
  i have heard these kind of remarks from jihadists and isis supporters , dude . 
  and any first world person should be ashamed of themselves for making such a disgusting comparison . 
  born and raised here , i 'm as dutch as can be , blue eyes , blonde hair , have never hurt anyone . 
   edit : you do realize that in these shits ' culture , a woman who is not covered from head to toe is essentially public property !, 
  no amount of distance or pepper spray is going to help . 
  most of the women who were attacked were already in groups , many of whom were molested in front of their own partners !, 
  you give me a way for a woman to easily defend herself against 50 men without having to lock herself away and then maybe they could have protected the , selves . 
  but they could n't . 
  there 's no way to defend yourself against 50 men when you are alone . 
  the only other option than locking yourself away is to accept that this behaviour might happen , wherever in the world you are , while doing what you are willing to do to prevent it . 
  may be , instead of pretending the world is such a safe place where nothing ever happens , we should teach people how to deal with assault so one can be prepared for the inevitable ? 
  the trauma is way less when you are prepared that something bad might happen , than when you have a false feeling of safety and then get caught completely by surprise . 
  to me personally , i just accept life as it is , with all the good and the bad things . 
  last 12 december , i had a guest sleeping at my place , he stayed for about a week and then stole my laptop and bank card , and took 1250 euros from my bank account . 
  when i found out it was missing , i did n't get angry or sad , because i knew that this was bound to happen one day . 
  instead , i was grateful that my life was n't taken . 
  i have travellers couchsurfing my place all the time . 
  i travel myself as well , i hitch hike and sleep outside or in communities . 
  i know at any moment anything could happen to me and that i can only do so much to prevent it . 
  there is no solution to the problem . 
  some people do n't care about other people , this will never change . 
  indeed , you can try to keep a distance and still get assaulted . 
  there is no guarantee , but at least it reduces the chance of it happening . 
  why ? 
  dutchies can not exercise logic ?
