  also nobody in bosnia voted for ante markovic ( genial croat politician , which even many serbs supported ) , they all voted for either karadzic or izetbegovic . 
  last year a muslim stormed a police station and killed one or two police officers . 
  also there was that retard with ak in front of us ambassy few years ago ... not that much . 
  but bosnia and kosovo have the highest number of isis fighter per capita in europe , so it ceryainly is n't something to be ignored . 
  that 's totally legitemate . 
   it violates the international convention on abolishing racial discrimination , as well as the european convention on human rights and freedom . 
  no , it totally does n't do that . 
  tell to the irishmen how st. patric day violates human rights and freedoms and how it is racist . 
  what a load of bullshit are you spewing son . 
  and brits killing poles , just cause they are polish . 
  then why did croat representatives vote in favour of it , if it is discriminatory towards croats ? 
  and on top of that in christianty , every day is some kind of saint day . 
  literally , every single day in a year is dedicated to some religious person or event . 
  so any day would be offensive if we push that logic to it 's final conclusion . 
  kad godj bude neko sranje u nas , dodje neki francuz , englez i kaze : `` just balkan things . . '' . 
  they stabbed a guy in neck for being polish , what do you think they will do to a vampire ? 
  just balkan things ... 
  nope , that is not my logic , nor that conclusion comes from my statements , nor have i said that . 
  you are just looking for something to get mad at and to continue to argue with me . 
  and since you know better than me what i wanted to say , you can continue this disscusion by yourself . 
  thanks for the answer . 
   , you are just saying that serbian is the natural state of our language and croatian is a forced mutation which basically exists because croats do n't want to speak serbian . 
  what ? 
  where have i said that ? 
  you are delusional bruh . 
  it uses words that are common to both serbian and croatian . 
  how can i understand it if it uses `` croatian grammar and words '' it should be totally foreign to me by your logic . 
  are you playing dumb on purpose ? 
  who said it is n't croatian ? 
  you seam to think that i think that croats `` stole the languge from serbs '' and that croats actually speak serbian . 
  while i said no such thing . 
  i simply said that those languages are one language . 
  call it however you want it . 
  and lingust around the world agree with that . 
  the only ones who do n't agree are butthurt croats in denying the obvious and few lingusts from croatia . 
  check any serious lingustic work on that subject . 
  and user edila said :  you can develop in different geographical areas like two different nations and still have the same language . 
  and your post totally confirms that . 
  uuuum ... purges of croatian language happened during wwii , that 's before communist yugoslavia and before serbo-croatian ... so ...  the problem is in serbs who think that everything is anti-serbian conspiracy and everything exists to undermine supposed serbianess of non-serb south slavs . 
  are you high or retarded ? 
  where did you get that ? 
  i am not saying that croatian is serbian . 
  i am just saying that they are same language , however you want to call it . 
  just that , nothing else . 
  i am curios , are these situation posibble in your countries/languages : 1 . 
  having a tv show where guests are from different scandinavian countries , and all guests speak their own language and everybody understands everyone else perfectly ? 
  school-kids from denmark reading a book from sweden as part of school curriculum . 
  and the book was written in swedish and kids read it in it 's original language , without translation . 
  is that possible with your modern , standard languages ? 
  but there are differences in every word in your example . 
  in croatian and serbian that sentence would be exactly the same , letter for letter , apart from one word . 
  so , what 's your point ? 
  krleza was a croatian writer and he used '' hiljadu '' ... so ? 
  and i still can read it and understand it , so you actually prove totally opposite of what you are trying to prove ... 
  yeah i do n't get it either . 
  why are croats * mountain serbs * , it does n't make any sense . 
  cause it is impossible to have synonyms ? 
  it is impossible for both to have been used before the purges , when two languages were forcefully and artificially made more different ? 
  or you imply that krleza deosnt know croatian ? 
  btw do you still use '' \u0161port '' for sport ? 
  xd \u0160port was big in the '90s . 
  btw dundo maroje just proves how croatian and serbian were close even in the xvi century , few centuries before yugoslavia . 
  even if it was written in \u010dajkavski i can read it and mostly understand it without problems . 
  apart from archaic words , italian parts and words specific to the region , which i am sure even most croats do n't understand . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  you are absolutely right about everything . 
  you say i am wrong , then you confirm everything i said . 
  i have no `` wishes '' i am just stating the obvious . 
  and no , there are no `` serbisms '' , that 's why i used quotation marks , cause i was quoting croatian linguists . 
  that specific book by krleza was written in dialect so far removed from todays croatian that even croatians would have trouble understanding it and even in the days when it was published the book contained the vocabulary of less known words and phrases . 
  so that example is ridicolous . 
  and it is pe ** t ** rica , not perica . 
  whatever ... 
  the thread is about police officer with gay flag . 
   attempted genocide of our culture lol wut ? 
  um no , no it was n't ... ljudevit gaj and vuk karadzic worked together and at the same time on standardization of grammar and alphabet for croatian/serbian languages waaaaaay before yugoslavia . 
  in mid xix century . 
  why do you think both languages have 30 letters , same grammar and why croatian latin and serbian latin scripts are identical and why both are phonetic languages etc ? 
  also croatian language had two-three purges , especially around wwi and wwii and recently in the '90s . 
  the aim of these purges was to achieve `` language purity '' , so all the `` serbisms '' were forcefully removed from croatian , especially during nazi regime . 
  for example did you ever heard of miroslav krleza ? 
  the greatest croatian writer who ever lived ? 
  maybe sounds familiar ? 
  heard about his book `` hiljadu i jedna smrt '' from 1932 ? 
  yeah `` hiljadu i jedna smrt '' , not '' tisu\u0107u i jedna smrt '' ... nowdays `` hiljadu '' would be considered `` serbism '' and you would get yelled at by your teacher if you used in croatia . 
  not to mention shit ton of new words that were invented recently by croatian linguists , just to be as different from serbian as possible . 
  so in a sense two languages were more similar before wwii aka before communist yugoslavia . 
  at the same time serbian language had no such purges , so we have a shit ton of synonyms that croatians think are specifically either croatian or serbian . 
  we use both `` hleb '' and `` kruh '' , both `` vazduh '' and `` zrak '' , both `` sargarepa '' and `` mrkva '' etc. 
  bosnian and serbian went for language richness , while croatian went for language purity . 
  so in conclusion , no , yugoslavia did n't forcefully bring those two languages together , they already were pretty much the same . 
  at least shtokavian standard . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9ikhamvvdw http://www.najboljeknjige.com/content/knjiga.aspx?bookid=915, 
  lol this guy ... 
   should the eu impose changes by force ? 
  it already did that . 
  not eu as an entity , but most powerful countries from the eu as members of nato . 
  and those were changes for the worse . 
   small incremental changes make no one happy but they do help . 
  actually serbia went backwards with a lot of things in last 4 years .
