  i have a simpaty toward the refugees , as not so long a go many serbs and people from the balkan were refuges , but you can not demand from one country to suspend it 's laws and it 's ineterests and deal with the issues that are n't their responsibility nor were those issues created by said country in the first place . 
  and then on top of it all you threaten and blackmail a democratically fucking elected government and country just cause they do something you do n't like . 
  what ? 
  while at the same time there is not a single unified stance from the eu it self towards this issue . 
  merkel says : `` just let them all in '' , then kurtz comes and says : `` close all fucking borders or else ... '' , then douchebags come and say : `` oh look at all of those ee countries , fucking savages ... '' and let 's not mention that nobody is even talking about why those refuges are there in the first place . 
  who caused those wars ? 
  who toppled those regimes ? 
  who is selling the weapons to terrorists ? 
  who created the crisis ? 
  who and why let all of those people to even reach hungary ? 
  nah let 's not talk and deal with causes and gross violations of human rights and lives that created the onslaught of refuges and shame the countries that did that , but instead lets talk about consequences and shame countries that defend their borders and interests dictated by the constitutions of said countries . 
  wait , are you against fascism or for fascism ? 
  so ... preventing illegal immigration is against european values ? 
  i already said you are right about everything , including that of course . 
  you are also right when you say that i said that bosniaks are serbs even though i never said , but since you are absolutely right about everything you are also right about that . 
  so no need to ask me anything anymore as my response to all of your questions is `` yes !, 
   '' , so whatever pops into your mind that you want to ask me , just imagine me writing `` yes !, 
  i am off to now to further serbian propaganda , develop some plans for greater serbia and oppress and brainwash some bosniak children . 
  ok , deal !, 
  you are absolutely correct about everything . 
  ah good then . 
  i actually do n't know any hunharians from romania , i was just drawing conclusions from internet noise ... which , of course is a mistake . 
   you 're the one denying my identity and trying to claim we are serbs . 
  lol what ? 
   what have i said that is nationalistic ? 
  refering to people that lived and died at least 100 ago as `` you '' and `` we '' . 
  looking at and judging past events trough modern lensens , while looking and judging other events in it 's proper historical context depending what supports your one-sided claims . 
  arbitrary choosing when to `` start history '' in order to justify your ( nationaliatic ) claims . 
  presuming you talk for the majority of your ethnicity and again using `` we '' when actually talking about yourself . 
  and also you have a strong hatefull undercurrent in all of your comments . 
  and you call me ultranationalist ... lol ... 
  i am an ultranationslist ? 
  lol ok . and it was liberated cause it was part of serbia conquered by the ottomans ... same as albania , greece etc. 
  were liberated from the ottomans . 
  yep . 
  all good . 
   sandzak was conquered liberated . 
  no problems . 
  i know a ton of serbian hungarians , went to school with a lot of them , live in a town that has hungarian majority , all my neighbours are hungarians ... perfect relations , great neighbours . 
  i know what they think and feel . 
  they all speak hungarian and keep their tradition , most of them speak perfect serbian . 
  the educated people living in big cities are less tied to the tradition , some of them want to go abroad , some took dual hungarian-serbian citizenship , some did n't , some went to war in bosnia and kosovo during the '90s , some deserted ( just as many serbs did ) . 
  during the weddings and celebrations most of them play traditional hungarian as well as serbian music . 
  hungarian politicians do n't create tensions and do n't abuse ethnic differences for short-term gain , hungarian politicians were participating in the government since ww2 ended and now they are also in the ruling coalition . 
  i could also name some important figures in serbian society that are/were of hungarian ethnicity : davor stefanek , caba siladji , danilo kis , lajko felix , ivan lendjer , aranka binder , djula mester ... that 's it in short if you are interested . 
  situation with hungarians in serbia is vastly different then with hungarians in romania for example . 
   they most definitely identify as hungarian check again what i wrote : `` of course just like hungarians and other minorities they ** mostly identify them selves by their ethnic group first ** . '', 
  and most of them fully embrace serbia as their homeland together with their hungarian ethnicity , ancestry and culture . 
  and that 's perfectly normal and how it should be . 
  if we were n't living in the balkans i would n't even feel the need to point out both of those things ... 
   oh sorry , i didnt mean to imply that serbs conquered montenegro . 
  np , it just sounded like that to me . 
  rpobablly just a language issue or unfortunate choice of words . 
  and i got pissed , cause i often see history of the balkans looked trough the context of the '90s wars . 
  so you have claims like : `` serbs conquered bosnia , serbs conquered croatia , serbs ruled communist yugoslavia etc. '', 
  so , sorry for overreacting . 
   montenegro existed as a nation state briefly at the start of the xx century ( 1913-1918 ? ), 
  sure ... well montenegro was always kinda a special case , during the serbian empire and ottoman empire and as an independent principality before that , as montenegro is situated on rocky mountains and by the sea , it was always hard to conquer and control . 
  i guess that 's also enabled montenegrins to keep their tribal clan society , that was lost in other south slavic states . 
  my main problem is with your wording , the way you said it it sounds as serbia conquered montenegro and took it from the ottomans ... while it ca n't be further from the truth . 
  in montenegro , terms montenegrin and serbian were interchangable , as montenegrins were n't seen as something separate from serbs . 
  just a foreword , i am fully supporting and accepting the fact and right of montenegrin people to have their separate state , their separate identity , language , culture and everything else . 
  but historically speaking , montenegrin identity as something that is separate from serbian identity is a relatively new concept , and i am not saying `` new '' as in last 100-200 years , but `` new '' as in last 50 or so years . 
  montenegrins are south slavs that came to balkan at the same time as other south slavs . 
  firts montenegrin domains were duklja and zeta and were and are regarded as ( one of ) serbian kingdoms . 
  if you check demographic history of monetengro you can see that 'till the half of xx century people there identified them selves as serbs . 
  notable montenegrin historical figures such as danilo i , king nikola and most famous and most important of all petar petrovic njegos identified them selves as serbs . 
  i have n't linked anything here , cause if you are inetersted you can check everything very easily on wiki and then on other sources . 
  so anyway to come back to your comment , serbs could n't have `` conquered '' montenegro , as serbia and montenegro were , at worst , allies and at best regarded as same people in two ( or more ) kingdoms separated by historical circumstances . 
  and they were always allies in every war and always with sames goals . 
  at least until recent times . 
  bosnikas are second largest minority in serbia , after hungarians or third largest ethnic group in serbia , after serbs and hungarians . 
  of course just like hungarians and other minorities they mostly identify them selves by their ethnic group first , but if we disregard hooligans , religous extremeists and opportunistic politicans they accept serbia as their homeland and identify with it . 
  ( just a small note that i feel should be mentioned as i want to be fair toward hungarians : they are probablly the best integrated and respected minority in serbia and they do n't have religious fanatics and stuff like that , also hungarian politicians do n't exploit ethnic divides for political gains . ), 
  so on to bosniaks in serbia ... bosniaks in serbia are mostly south slavs who converted to islam during ottman rule , that is not a fascist claim , that is historical fact . 
  and as such they have been living in serbia and montenegro since the south slavs came to balkans . 
  they are not foreign immigrants from middle east or africa , they are here since `` forever '' , and they are seen as integral part of serbian state , society and culture . 
  so if we disregard football hooligans , shit-heads from internet , marginal politicans such as esad dzudzo ( who droped slavic suffix - ic from his surname and called all bosniaks to do the same ... nobody listened ) and religious figures such as muamer zukorlic who switched his priestly wardrobe for political suit and tie , and was drumming up ethnic tensions while he was a priest , but now , as a politican , is praising serbian pm and `` brining peace '' ... if we dissregard people like that , we can concentrate on regular people and notable figures of serbian society who were of bosniak ethnicty . 
  one such man is mehmed `` mesa '' selimovic , arguably the greatest bosniak writter who ever lived , and this is what he had to say : `` i come from a muslim family in bosnia , and i am a serb by nationality '' . 
  and : `` with nobody did the history played so cruelly as it did with bosnia . 
  yesterday we were what today we want to forget , and we had n't become anything else ... '' then we have emir kusturica , arguably the greatest yugoslav film director of all time , who , during the war in bosnia moved to serbia , discovered his ancestry , changed his name and religion and is now living and working in serbia , this is what he has to say : `` my father was an atheist and he always described himself as a serb . 
  ok , maybe we were muslim for 250 years , but we were orthodox before that and deep down we were always serbs , religion can not change that . '', 
  then after these unique cases , you have modern public figures such as mufti muhamed jusufspahic , a well respected and loved belgrade mufti , who was leader of serbian islamic community and now is serbian ambassador in ue . 
  this is what he had to say : `` from my father side i am a bosniak , from my mother side i am arab from egypt . 
  by religion i am a muslim , by birth i am belgradian and by conviction i am a serb . '', 
  then there are modern politicians , who ofcourse identify with serbia and work for it 's betterment , most notable of them are meho omerovic and rasim ljajic . 
  then you have well respected athletes and public figures of bosniak ethnicty and/or muslim faith , who are loved and respected in serbia and who represent their homeland abroad , such as : football player adem ljaji\u0107 , athlete [ asmir kolasinac ] ( http://www.vesti-online.com/data/images/2015-03-06/489622_kolasinac_f.jpg?1435430857 ) , athlete [ emir bekric ] ( http://static.mondo.rs/picture/304069/jpeg/bekric-zastava.jpg ) , athlete [ damir fejzic ] ( http://www.evrsac.rs/media/k2/items/cache/b7434f5ad3f4b47f8adbfafd92adcdbe_l.jpg ) , athlete [ saida bukvic ] ( http://sandzakpress.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/ajlalukac-1.jpg ) , singer , eurovision winner and lgbt icon marija serifovic , singer emina jahovic sandal , notable young writer and journalist muharem bazdulj etc. 
  apart from those mentioned notable people who have a healthy relationship with their ethnicity , religion and their homeland , there are countless , nameless ordinary people who were born , live , work and contribute to serbian society and accept serbia as their homeland and identify with it as they are born in it , but they are silent majority of normal people , while loud minority is well ... loud ... but still a minority . 
  loud minority and opportunistic politicians . 
   in stark contrast to their peers in `` serbian '' part of sandxhak if i remember correctly . 
  nah you do n't remember it correctly . 
   montenegro when they conquered them in 1913 from the ottoman empire . 
  oh wow ... just ... wow ... 
  same in south slavic languages : thief , outlaw ... 
  i know a girl whos surname is fekete . 
   if you start just giving up pieces of land oh the irony ... 
  but referendum is a normal democratic tool in any democratic country ... so , what 's your point ? 
  i see priestes giving holy sacraments to a nazi leader who is responsiblw for hundereds of thousanda dead people and people in black uniforms with nazi symbols giving nazi salutes . 
  that 's what i saw and that 's what i said happened . 
  you know that priests can also refuse to hold a mass and that people can be excommunicated from the church .
