  maybe obmana would be more appropriate though . 
  why ? 
  you need something to look at while you fuck that goat ? 
  oooooooh snap - . -, 
  and what about the artist formerly known as prince , burger king , king kong , b.b. 
  king , nat king cole , martin luther king , queens of the stone age ... ? 
  you would totally support russian disco bear prince . 
  yeah , it would be stupid for you to call my mom same as yours . 
  ooooooh snap mom jokes ... 
  cause meganationalist and supernationalist sounds stupid . 
  if i was albanian i would actually root for seselj . 
  people like him made independance of kosovo and bombing of serbia happen . 
  although vucic has those sexy lips and is a peder so it 's a tough call when i think about it . 
  fuuuck ... you win . 
  cause they have rl homer as their leader . 
  but the eggman is a ninja . 
  ninjas can slice disco bears like it 's nobody 's business . 
   who do you think the serbian people would support majority of serbian people would n't vote at all as they already do n't . 
  what was the turn out on last elections ? 
  and that 's with the politicians they know and who directly influence their lifes . 
  your qiestion makes as much sense as asking who do you think american people would support : russian disco bear prince or north korean ninja eggman ? 
  xd ko sto nam je bilo bolje kad je bus pobedio ili obama ili klington ili bus ili regan ili kenedi ili ajzenhauer nikson lindon dzonson mojababaparskevakurac, 
  sound very reasonable , do n't see the issue tbh, 
  come on man , of course they have interwebz there . 
  it 's powered by goat fucking . 
  edit : itt albos ca n't take jokes :'(, 
  that 's equally bad article as the one from op . 
  only more chauvinistic . 
  vaginas also can be very profitable and you do n't even have to remove them . 
  why they ca n't flush toilet paper ? 
  sure , that makes sense . 
  but what did jews and roma do ? 
  why kill the jews and the roma ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   who always start shit . 
  i guess , in your book , serbs and jews ? 
   i see you are taged for spread of hate and propaganda . 
  yeah i hate nazis . 
  :'( so coming from a nazi like you , it is a compliment . 
  thanks !, 
  was talking about islam and islamic culture ... so ... belgium ? 
  and you seam to ignore that majority of serbians were against nedic regime and that nedic had no support among the people ( unlike pavelic in croatia ) and that serbs protested against the capitulation shouting `` better grave then slave ! '', 
  and `` better war , then pact !, 
  '' , and that belgrade was bombed in 1941 , while the majority of croatians , including clergy , supported pavelic and welcomed nazis with flowers , literally . 
  also even nedic , who colaborated with the nazis , did n't have an agenda against the jews or any other ethnicity , he was mostly anti-communist , again unlike pavelic who wanted to purge croatia of jews , serbs and roma people . 
  https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4xgmcz/post_game_thread_team_usa_defeats_team_serbia_by/d6fqptj also : `` former soviet country '' , `` eastern bloc country '' , `` basically russians '' , `` so where was the war ? 
   country were everyone takes the best of everything albanians usually take only kidneys . 
  yes , romania and bulgaria were colaborators , but their aim was not to exterminate and/or convert to catholicism all serbs and jews . 
  also they did n't have concetracion camps for children , unlike croatian . 
  that 's a big minus . 
  :'( also i do n't see big nazi gatherings and politicans from major political parties supporting nazis and using nazi rethoric in bulgaria and romania , again unlike in croatia . 
  a box of matches ? 
  luxury !, 
  when i was but a wee boy we used to live in a shoe box at the bottom of a lake , 160 of us . 
  what the fuck are you talkig about ? 
  those are lies . 
  romanians and vlachs are recognized as separate minorities . 
  and people are free to declare themselves as they want . 
  and both of those minorities have schools , newspapers , radio statios , school books in their native language . 
  they can have whatever names they want . 
  and romanian language is one of six official languages in vojvodina ( along with serbian , hungarian , slovak , rusyn and croatian ) ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_vojvodina?wprov=sfla1 jesus christ ... paging u/dumnjezau ... 
  that is bullshit . 
  that 's what it is . 
  ok let 's see : in your second link it literally says '' both serbian and hungaian police denied any ethnic motivation '' . 
  then serbian junkie and drug dealer provoked some hungarian man and they impaled him on a stick and some hungarian neo-nazis entered a caffee an saluted with `` seig heil '' and got beaten up . 
  so ... those are extremes that happen regardless of ethnicity . 
  but sure you can use ethnicity to bend the story . 
  as my neighbour said : `` if hungarin kid beats other hungarian kid , then it is schoolyard fight , but if hungarian kid beats serbian kid , then it is ethnic violence . '', 
  interestengly enough i actually live in temerin , the town that was mentioned few times in those links . 
  and i actually live in all hungarian neighbourhood . 
  and everything is perfect as is anywhere else among regular people . 
  so stop spreading bullshit and using few extreme incidents from 10 years ago to paint a broader picture , as it is missguiding . 
  also `` whole families fleeing persecution '' lol ... just lol ... 
  are you a lesbian ? 
  same as `` genocide '' . 
  it actually bad translation . 
  nowhere does pm use the word choice / izbor or anything similar . 
  no , you are butthurt ... uuu ta ta so what now ? 
  just reapeating empty phrase that does n't mean anything is n't actually discrediting anything or anybody ... unless you are 5 year old . 
  cause it is imposible to make a joke about kosovo unless you are butthurt ? 
  i think all the people telling others are butthurt , are actually really butthurt , boring and probablly impotent and/or balding . 
  not as eloquent , original or thought out as yours , that 's for sure ... 
  what does that have to do with lesbian mp in serbian government ? 
  you like awesome ginger back hair in your food ? 
  well , she 's the best wednesday addams cosplayer i have ever seen , that 's for sure . 
  oh good i was worried they made human organ trafficking , donkey fucking , throwing rocks at buses or garbage collecting as offical olympic disciplines . 
  woman judo sounds nice . 
  although the real question is : is she a lesbian ? 
  edit : no jokes itt apparently . 
  jesus christ guys , can you make anything without nazis , partisans and chetniks ? 
  there are so many other things in life , like jews , gypsies , muslims and mirela holi . 
  i 'll stick to krleza and hladno pivo , thank you very much . 
  oh that 's what those tents in downtown zagreb were . 
  did n't know that was gay parade . 
  black uniforms , flags and nazi salutes were a bit confusing . 
  : s and there are gay parades in serbia as well ... only our gay people use some shitty rainbow flags , kitsch as shit . 
  i like your gays better , way more style . 
  kosovo got gold medal at the olympics ? 
  political achievements and political skills in serbian government . 
  hahahaha nice one mate .
