  well duuuh , go to germany and try to find a job or finish university withouth speaking german or english ... 
  no i am not saying it is false and i am not saying i have no sources . 
  the source i have is b92 , they have spoken to serbian people from that village . 
  i just said i do n't have neutral source , cause i know what are you goung to say if i post serbian newspaper article . 
  truth is there are no neutral sources , only albanian and serbian media was there . 
  my question still stands . 
  sure there are extreme nationalists in all balkan countries . 
  heck there are extreme nationalists , racists , religous zelots in all countries around the world . 
  and the argument `` meh just balkan things '' is especially anoying to me . 
  cause it implicates that there are certain things that happen only in the balkans , happen in all of balkan countries and there is nothing anybody can do about it . 
  while imho it 's far from the truth . 
  some things happen in a lot of countries in europe and some other things happen only in one or two countries . 
  and at least we can talk about it with more supstance then resorting to `` just balkan things '' . 
  so , could you point to me where in the balkans nationalism is so extreme that mobs of angry people are preventing other people from visiting a church once a year or visiting their own home . 
  while the police is powerless from securing the rights of it 's own citizens . 
  no , i do n't have a neutral source for that . 
  but it does n't matter . 
  people still could n't visit their homes and the church and police could n't do anything about it . 
  the protesters could 've yelled : `` ooga booga boo !, 
  '' , it does n't make the whole stuff nicer or uglier . 
  about organ trafficing or about what people were yelling on the protest ? 
  no need to be rude . 
  please point to me in what other balkan state does shit like this happen . 
  oh head of the eulex said that ? 
  the same eulex accused for the corruption and taking bribes and covering up crimes of kosovo politicians . 
  and accusations are coming from the officials who work at eulex . 
  oh then it must be true . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/06/eu-accused-over-kosovo-mission-failings . 
  but good job on copy-pasting one part of the article . 
  when the whole article is important and especially the linked sources . 
  and not to mention people are already sentenced to prison for organ trafficing and the fact that special court was established to deal with this further . 
  did you even read the whole article ? 
  some of the eye witnesses who understand and speak albanian said that the crowd yelled : `` kill skije '' '' , `` u\u00c7k will take you all to ribe '' ( place where infamous yellow house is located ) , `` burn the churches '' etc. 
  do n't know if there is proof about that , but people report that was yelled by the crowd . 
  even if it they did n't yell that , they were very . 
  very hostile either way . 
  i was being sarcastic and poking holes in his logic . 
  jews are jews and nazis are nazis , nobody of them are in bosnia . 
  i was just talking about the logic that previous poster used , not making literal comparisons . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_theft_in_kosovo just a serbian propaganda involving serbian organizations eu , eulex , un , swiss persecutors , icty persecutors etc. 
  just a big hoax obviously . 
  you put your words in my mouth , then argue against them . 
  i did n't say any of that . 
  i think it 's called `` strawman argument '' or something like that . 
  anyway there is no reason for me to talk to you any more . 
  i was sarcastic , dude . 
  ofc there would be nazis . 
  i was just poking holes in that other guys logic . 
  there would n't be nazis if there was no jews . 
  awesome logic there buddy . 
  but kebab is tasty . 
  hoooo boy . 
  and what 's even more important then visiting the church : they could n't visit their own fucking property . 
  where is that dude who said that kosovo is perfectly normal , functional multi-ethnic , multi-cultural `` country '' . 
  i mean this is surreal , people ca n't visit their own houses cause , let 's be honest here , fascists are throwing rocks and tear gas at them and threatening with murder and organ harvesting . 
  and police ca n't do anything about it . 
  all of that in a `` country '' that is under un and eu protectorate and that is `` sucess story '' of usa foreign affairs . 
  ah classic kurwat , still ashamed of his family and living in denial . 
  do n't worry , sweet prince , poppa still loves ya . 
  there is stuff like this : http://steen.free.fr/interslavic/ and there are traditional friendships ( and animosities ) among various slavic countries , a part from that not much more afaik . 
  uuuum serbs and croats ( together with some other exyu countries ) have a common basketball league , few tv channels like mtv adria , n1 , al jazeera balkans . 
  and there is a shit ton of cultural exchange and youth programs , festivals and shit . 
  life outside of politics and internet comments is different . 
  there is also a serbian version of the legend , which is a prequel of croatian one in which all of them are children of serboslav . 
  it 's a very interesting story . 
  there was a man named serboslav he had 3 daughters \u010cerna gorica , bulga , slava and 2 sons vojak and mehmet . 
  and he was so sick of children he swore to never had children any more . 
  but one night niema vila ( lit . 
  mute fairy or german fairy ) possessed a very sexy sheep and her tears transformed into grapes . 
  one day serboslav ate the grapes and got magically drunk , in that hazy state he made love to possessed sheep . 
  9 months later sheep gives birth to a baby boy . 
  serboslav was so mad that he named the boy kurwat ( croat ) . 
  and then later kurwat had sons leh , \u010ceh , slovah , rus and mehmet . 
  while serboslav moved to canada and got into construction business and had a son mehmet and there are rumors about few more children in slovenia . 
  edit : itt croats ca n't into jokes . 
  ah the german craftsmanship . 
  no u. 
  you are happy to hear that serbs and croats hate each other ? 
  big powers , greedy politicians and retarded common people . 
  what do you think who will make a coalition with sdp ? 
  i do n't think cattering to extremist is a smart , good or responsible thing to do . 
  and besides that zoki went completely over the top and sounded more extreme and irrational than those guys . 
  and let 's face it nobody from the right trust zoki at all . 
  it 's not like any of them will think : `` ooh he is one of us now , let 's vote for him . '', 
  they 'll just look at him as an even bigger idiot then before . 
  which he totally is imho . 
  actually he called the whole country `` a handfull of misery '' . 
  he was n't talking about the politicans only . 
  he also had some other xenophobic remarks . 
  it 's hilarious that supposedly moderate politican is more extreme then neo-fascist `` branitelji '' . 
  followoing serbian and croatian politics is pretty amusing . 
  one is psycological drama , while the other is absurdist comedy . 
  cause serbs and hungarians do n't have a sea access so they overcompensate . 
  and how do you call the river danube then ? 
  we also call it bec . 
  no idea why . 
  we probablly took it from hungarians or they took it from us . 
  but i have no idea why it 's called like that . 
  edit : found it : the name of the city in hungarian ( b\u00e9cs ) , bosnian , croatian and serbian ( be\u010d ) and ottoman turkish ( be\u00e7 ) appears to have a different , slavonic origin , and originally referred to an avar fort in the area . 
  [ 27 ] in slovene , the city is called dunaj , which in other slavic languages means the danube river , on which it is located .
