  we were more democratic society , with more free media before the guy who eu praises so much came to power . 
  anyway no need to derail this thread further , as this is thread about lgbt parade . 
   when the 90s people are all gone actually the '90s people are leading serbia in the eu atm and are praised by the eu . 
  just write `` i '' and speak in your own name , that 's the most accurate . 
  i do n't get the one for serbia ? 
  what was the criteria ? 
  and rambo amadeus , that is listed for montenegro lives in serbia and has serbian citizenship for decades now . 
  there are no attacks for years now . 
  there were just contra-protests last year i think . 
  lol give me a break . 
  a ffs stop saying `` we '' like you are some voice of people of serbia . 
  meh it 's not specifically a balkan thing . 
  shhhh i think the clue is in the name of the breed ( hint : it 's slavic ) . 
   i wonder what is the students ' religious view slavophobia probably . 
  ah that balkan ... 
  i totally believe you . 
  as few minutes on google show that everything you wrote is true . 
  especially the mass grave under the church and that escavations are still going on . 
  you mean like that one time when group of men killed some cartoonists and police officers or that other time when someone set police officer on fire or that other time in that city during a concert ... or when they wanted to ban women of certain religion from wearing ... oh wait ... 
  albanians from albania and albanians from kosovo have very , very different mentality generally speaking in my personal expirience . 
  anyway something should be done about that church , either finish it or remove it . 
  no point in having half finished church on uni grounds . 
  uni claims that church was built on uni grounds illegaly , while church claims that they had permit in 1990 and later got approval from kosovo minister of justice in 2012 . 
  as i understand the case is in the court , so let 's leave it at that . 
  also in regards to claims coming from students and the article it self : not everything that was built during the milosevic was a direct work of milosevic , in fact milosevic was against building this church , he was n't a fucking omnipresent wizard , also some good things were done and built during the '90s , that had nothing to do with milosevic ... so ... 
  if mary is polish , then she 's hardly a virgin . 
  croat dispora can not into jokes . 
  yep . 
  i read somewhere that uruk-hai got their name when some turkish dude approached tolkien in said : `` i 'm a turk . 
  peeeew sounds exactly like belgrade taxi service . 
  in stark contrast to all other taxi services around the country . 
  people from capitol cities are assholes . 
  that 's croatian word and maybe bosnian . 
  in serbia it is very rarely used . 
  it is . 
  nedelja can mean a day `` sunday '' , and also can mean `` a week '' . 
  but we also use `` sedmica '' for week . 
  like in other slavic languages `` nedelja '' means `` no work '' and `` ponedeljak '' means `` after no working '' or `` after sunday '' . 
  i kid , i kid ... we serbs actually have sexy feelings for slovakia , you know that bubby . 
  i think in english it 's spelled `` slovenian '' , not `` slovak '' . 
  and what are you talkin about ? 
  everybody knows about slovenia in austria . 
   croatians who have probably the most difficult eu accession route . 
  it just lasted long . 
  meh i do n't worry . 
  i heard serbs in austria are ok , cause they are white . 
  i also hear i can change my slavic last name to germanic sounding one , petrovich - peters ... ya know , as to not stand out too much and that 's for my own good . 
  so alles gut ... 
  come on man ... only junkies go to kindergarten . 
  but i am still squating . 
  i thought that to ... and then i worked with a bunch of germans . 
  was buffled that i were more precise and efficient than the majority of them . 
  i could n't believe it . 
  another thing that cought me off guard is that they had awesome sense of humor and were cracking jokes all the time . 
  pretty cool and friendly people . 
  austrians on the other hand ... 
   but surely this was different some decades ago , because older people often strike up conversations around here . 
  yeah here too . 
  but mostly in smaller towns and villages . 
  generally people in smaller places are more open . 
  if someone started chatting with you in a big city for no reason , you can bet he is a bit crazy . 
  also older people ted to be alone here , so they just want to talk to someone and they usually approach other old people , who are also alone so it works out . 
  also related to this `` meeting strangers '' culture is that we do n't have `` drinking alone in a bar '' culture . 
  we always drink with friends . 
  everything you said about friends and relations applies in serbia as well . 
  also i think `` bar\u00e1t '' is from slavic word `` brat '' which means `` brother '' , that explains what `` friend '' actually means in this part of europe . 
  edit : just checked it , yep , `` bar\u00e1t '' is from slavic `` brat '' . 
  at best . 
  i think `` meeting strangers '' is an american thing , cause even in eastern and southern parts of europe where people are more chill , extrovert and hospitable then anal-retentive and insane nords , just approaching someone and starting to talk would be seen as awkward and weird . 
  ( unless you are asking for directions or something . ), 
  well you are not giving me a lot of space to work here , so i really have to pull it out of my ass . 
  i was just bullshiting cause i know germans can take it and wont make a fuss about it ( usually ) . 
  no hard feelings ? 
  you also got warsaw , and we all know how that ended . 
  nothing in particular , just trashtalking and trying to amuse my self by finding ways to connect everything you say with nazis , just cause you are a german . 
  it 's retarded i know , but i find it funny ... sorry . 
  and i do n't care about this issue that much to start serious disscussion about it . 
  i wrote one long post about it , here in this thread and i do n't have will , energy or interest for more . 
  friends ? 
  and i made civill points in another post . 
  unless that 's not enough civil for you and you want to come here and civilise me . 
  i know you would like that . 
  nah , do n't think that 's the best i can do , but i wanted to dismiss you with minimal effort . 
  and i did n't use strawman falacy cause mr. asselborn did in fact talk about hungary 's of refuges . 
  and is the main issue he pointed out . 
   weak . 
  well we slavs are untermensch after all , what can you do . 
  i was concetrating on one issue and that issue was the first and main issue that mr. asswhipe pointed out . 
  i can choose what i want to talk about , so please do n't tell me who and what i am , how i look and what should i do cause we ai n't in a reich baby . 
  and no , i wo n't wear that yellow ribbon , thank you very much . 
   thanks . 
  you are welcome . 
   i try hard to be called douchebag by someone who defends treating people like shit , just because they are refugees or whatever ... are you a field worker ? 
  cause that was one helluwa strawman buddy !, 
  i never defended `` people being treated like shit '' . 
  i simply defended hungary 's right and obligation as a country to defend it 's borders and it 's interests as it perceives them . 
  not so long ago , i as a citizen of serbia , a european fucking country ( i checked it on a map ) , had to pay 100 euros and wait in lines just for the opportunity to be considered to maybe kinda eventually be allowed to visit germany as a tourist for one week . 
  european values , excuse me , what ? 
  and what now ? 
  just anyone who waltzes in infront of any state border should be allowed in , just because ?
