  i do n't get it , what 's insane about anything i 've written ? 
  or is this you making those hyperbolic statments with no source ? 
  and you avoid disscusion and resort to insults when presented with arguments . 
  whoever made that is retarded . 
   what 's hyperbolic and without source in my statements above ? 
  this is what you said : * the serbian media is making it look as if we are walking with knives on the streets looking for serbs to kill . 
  * * i am well aware of your narrow-minded standings . 
  *  i thought i was pretty left-wing . 
  and stepinac thought he was doing a gods work . 
   really ? 
  yes , really . 
  in the topic about holocaust and nazism in ndh and present day croatia , your first instinct is to mention hungary , slovakia etc. 
  and then mention what serbian pm said almost 30 years ago . 
  i guess all of that somehow justifies the fucked up situation in croatia these last few months and more ? 
  and all of that to avoid very clear topic at hand . 
  you should apply for the next wizard of oz movie , you 'd be a helluva strawman . 
  good night . 
  yes , some people were killed cause they were jews , some cause they were serbs and some cause they were antifascists ( croatians , hungarians , italians , muslims etc. ), 
  all those whos ethnicity was n't planed for extermination but were against the fascists . 
  yes ** there ** as in * there in independant state of croatia . 
  * why ca n't people just commemorate the victims instead arguing about semantics and grammar ? 
   why must there always be an agenda . 
  oh you know serbs and jews , they always have some agendas and secret plans ... 
  do n't know what are you talking about . 
  but i know that you like to make hyperbolic statements with no sources . 
  you did 2 times already in just 2 comments . 
  i also know you like to derail the topic and relativize holocaust and nazism . 
  and i notice you mistake sychronicity with causality . 
  you also did that a couple of times in just 2 comments . 
  me and you have nothing to talk about either way . 
  it 's not ambigous at all . 
  it pretty clearly says that around 700 000 people ( not just serbs ) is number of victims in croatian nazi state , not just at camp jasenovac . 
  but the croatian strawman dude is playing naive and equating news paper article with holocaust . 
  fuck him . 
  i almost took you seriously , for a moment . 
  i did n't say that . 
  but i think he is making a fuss and using and abusing ethnicity for personal political gain . 
  and all of that between only two historicaly friendly nations in the region . 
  but serbia is respecting that . 
  and he did n't said that for no reason . 
  he is making a fuss and basically threatening , probablly cause of internal points in romania . 
  and i do n't think hungary has any `` evil plans '' with their minority . 
  hungary could also start shit when serbia was at it 's weakest in the '90s , but it did n't , same as romania . 
   now , you are muddling the waters because you are afraid that we want to create a `` one nation '' and later a `` one country '' . 
  lol ... just lol ... we simply respect the will of vlach people to declare them selves however they want . 
  nobody forces them to anything they do n't want , except the people like you , who want to tell other people how they should feel . 
  i do n't understand why it bothers you so much , that vlachs want to declare them selves however they want ? 
  why do you want to take that away from them ? 
  furthermore on serbian and romanian people always had good relations for more then millenia . 
  and romania was there to help serbia in hard situations , like during balkan wars with ottomans and bulgarians , during bombing of yugoslavia and in regards to kosovo . 
  there is no fear from romania as romania never fucked serbia over and vice versa . 
  and even if you think there is fear , then the logical move would be to fuck with rights of actual romanians and not with vlachs . 
  which serbia is n't doing . 
  so please stop with whataboutism and liberal interpretation of history as it makes you sound like typical balkan nationalist . 
  but both of these people are recognized as minorities and enjoy the same rights already . 
  and eu is not demanding anything here now , it 's just one politican from romania who is n't even representative of the government . 
  and on top of it all he denies the right of vlach people to declare them selves as vlach , but instead views all vlachs as romanians even though most vlachs do n't consider them selves romanian . 
  that 's limiting the rights of vlach people to declare them selves as separate ethnicity from romanians . 
  serbs , croats , bosniaks and montenegrins come from same group of people , speak same language , had several kingdoms and countries together . 
  now go explain to all of them how they are same ethnicity , one nation , one people . 
  if you aim a bit broadly you can throw bulgarians , macedonians and slovenes in there too . 
  oh yeah and go explain to slovenians how they are not slavs , but actually illirians just cause their country was called kingdom of illirya at one point . 
  of vlach people . 
  we should make a baby and call it serbromania . 
  churches are a separate thing . 
  do n't expect from the state to solve church issues and divisions . 
  we do n't insist on anything . 
  we simply respect the right of vlach people living in serbia to declare them selves however they want . 
  you actually want to force them to declere them selves as romanians even if they do n't . 
  and actually in a lot of countries vlach people do n't even have an option to declare them selves as vlachs , so they are forced to declare as romanian . 
  and btw that argument that some people are same ethnicity just cause they speak simillar languages or have same names and whatnot is ridicolous at this point , especially in the balkans . 
  go explain to some croat how he is actually montenegrin just cause they speak same language and both are named goran and have the same last name . 
  edit : and i am not downvoting you . 
  i am sure serbian and romanian relations and mutual respect among the people living in both countries will stay as it was , troughout the centuries . 
  this just pisses me off as i have and had friends and girlfriends of romanian ethnicity here in serbia . 
  i also know very well how vlach minority is viewed here in serbia . 
  with love and respect . 
   there are ( at least ? ), 
  29.000 of vlachs who see themselves as romanians . 
  sure , and those people that declare them selves as romanian have the same rights as romanians ... if that 's not obvious . 
  this is a no issue . 
  just right wing ex president making noise . 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  nobody forces vlachs to do anything . 
  do n't belive me , here is vlach fromserbia doing ama on r/romania a while ago . 
  as some of the bromanians have pointed out already : romanian language is one of the six offical languages in serbias northern province , along with hungarian , slovak , rusyn , croatian and serbian . 
  it means that people who speak those languages have a right to schools , school books , media in their own language , also all bureaucratic things can be done in that languge ( weddings , trials , offical state documents etc. 
  ) , if a police comes to talk to one of the people who speak those languages , people have a right to refuse coopetation unless police speaks in their language or brings a translator . 
  and on top of it all romanians and especially vlachs are seen as integral part of serbias culture and history . 
  so much for romanians being discriminated or their language being illigal . 
  this guy who is quoted in the op is a right wing has-been trying to get some spotlight . 
  this is not official stance of romanian government . 
  also the issue he is trying to play up here is that in serbia live romanians ( live in north-east , speak modern romanian ) and vlachs ( live in south-east , speak archaic romanian or vlach ) . 
  now , vlachs see them selves as separate ethnicity from romanians , and serbia gives them that right . 
  serbia officially recognizes vlachs as separate minority . 
  while romanian right-wingers see vlachs as romanians and demand from serbia to officially recognize vlachs as romanians , even though vlachs them selves do n't want that . 
  he wants for serbia to `` give more rights '' to one specific minority by actually limiting rights of another minority . 
  nice . 
  but you shot some of them just in case . 
  yeah it 's the same in serbian .
