yeah , that 's what i thought about shit in montenegro . 
  but what 's up with shit in serbia ? 
  i do n't see the connection or necessity to stage shit like that . 
  i am talking about weapons found near vucucs house and meeting with the russian spy master . 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  so you have some inside info or this scenario looks familliar to you ? 
  all of this looked absurd and sloppy to me from the start ... 
  yeah but how do you know for a fact ? 
   i mean , i know for a fact this did n't happen ? 
  there are coats of arms just like this one in croatia too ... 
  living in serbia , i have bullshit filter for both left and right leaning bullshit , my mind is calibrated to read between the lines . 
  x-d thanks for the link . 
  hdz was convicted for grand treason !? 
  any links please ? 
  nah , not specific enough . 
  meh it was austro-hungary at the time ... 
  but nikola tesla is not ** from ** serbia . 
  he is ethnic serb , but not from serbia . 
  most famous serb , now , would probably be novak djokovic . 
  some other contenders would be : mihajlo pupin , milutin milankovi\u0107 , marina abramovic , emir kusturica , vlade divac , roksanda ilincic ... for bosnia it would be ivo andric , gavrilo princip or goran bregovic . 
  for slovenia slavoj zizek or branko djuric djuro , i guess ... 
  it 's fair to ask from serbia to do that when the moment of joining comes , at this point it 's counter-productive in many ways and would actually hurt serbia 's economy . 
  so where are the `` prominent serbian media '' mentioning snahowhatever ? 
  or wiki page about it . 
  or some foreign source or whatever ? 
  only references to that are from chauvinistic croatian , bosnian and montenegrin websites and comment sections ... like 12th link is from this very topic ... nuff said , go to sleep kid . 
  but nothing happened ... and again this was in montenegro and in march 2015 . 
  any more examples to prove your point or is that all ... lol ... 
  lausevic is a montenegrin who killed some montenegrins and family of victims wants to get revange . 
  montenegro =\\ = serbia 2 . 
  one instance of posibility of revange and mention of it in tabloid media is not a `` custom '' . 
  march 2015 is recenrly ? 
  lol ... you really searched hard to find blood + revange mentioned in same sentance even remotely connected to serbia ... good job x-d, 
  could you give me the links please . 
   serbian lapot lol that 's a legend , a myth dating from roman times , not an actual custom ...  snahocestvo . 
  never heard about that ... only references i could find are some articles and forum dissusions on croatian , bosnian and montenegrin sites with strong anti-serbian sentiment and chauvinism . 
  what ? 
  this was never a custom in serbia , not even in middle ages . 
  the link you provided is about montenegrins only . 
  montenegro has strong clan and tribal tradition , serbia does not . 
  what do you think , what are merkels chances on next elections then ? 
  personaly i would like her to win , it 's better for serbia ... 
   do n't know why you get down-voted . 
  cause it creates cognitive disonance in some peoples heads . 
  good to see there are people here who are aware of obvious facts . 
  how come ? 
  but there was no `` act '' ... 
   so , it could be a false flag operation , to scare minorities into voting for the ruling party `` serbs are attacking '' ... yep , this . 
   nordstream 2 is separate from sanctions fyi  if you do n't see how that is a problem and hypocricy ... 
  now that 's just silly ... 
  elections in germany soon , huh ? 
  while at the same time ... http://www.gazprom.com/about/production/projects/pipelines/built/nord-stream2/, 
  depends what you like . 
  belgrade is much bigger , more people , it 's a fast , busy city , dirty and it is a metropolitain city , while novi sad is much smaller , quiet and with slower rythm of living , but nicer and cleaner then belgrade . 
  both cities have shit ton of history . 
  novi sad is a bit more `` central european '' while belgrade is a cacophony of various historical periods and political regimes , from celts and romans , trough ottomans and austrians , over communism to modern times . 
  and in places that cocophony is really ugly . 
  but when it comes to the night life and partying novi sad not even close to belgrade . 
  it 's you . 
  the boy will be careful . 
   p\u00e9terv\u00e1rad , but was destroyed in the ottoman wars era . 
  petrovaradin still exists , it is just across the danube from novi sad . 
  petrovaradin fortress is sill there also . 
  sad sad ? 
  that 's the actual meaning , novi sad or neo planta . 
  the guy above was joking new now ( novi sad ) and river ( rijeka ) . 
  yep . 
  congrats to novi sad . 
  probably the nicest , chill and diverse city in serbia . 
  [ here is the official webpage of the campaign . 
  ] ( http://novisad2021.rs/en/ ) [ and here is the official instagram of the campaign , with some nice pictures of the city , people and various manifestations in it . 
  ] ( https://www.instagram.com/novisad_2021/ ), 
  google it . 
  it was in 1994 . 
  yeah , actually he did . 
  milosevic put embargo on bosnian serbs , so ... ? 
  read the part about bosnian war and check listed sources : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warren_zimmermann, 
   tried altering the agreement in their favour which is why alija withdrew everybody was altering and fucking up during negotiations , but they all reached a point where they can all agree . 
  alija signed the deal , then after the meeting with zimmerman he withdrew his signature . 
  while not has change in the agreement in the meantime . 
  alija was naive and greedy , the only point of zimmerman was us intervention , and alija fell for it like a sucker . 
  the original carrington -- cutileiro peace plan , named for its authors lord carrington and portuguese ambassador jos\u00e9 cutileiro , resulted from the ec peace conference held in february 1992 in an attempt to prevent bosnia-herzegovina sliding into war . 
  it was also referred to as the lisbon agreement ( serbo-croatian : lisabonski sporazum ) . 
  it proposed ethnic power-sharing on all administrative levels and the devolution of central government to local ethnic communities . 
  however , all bosnia-herzegovina 's districts would be classified as muslim , serb or croat under the plan , even where no ethnic majority was evident . 
  in later negotiations there were compromises about changing district borders . 
  on 11 march 1992 , the assembly of the serb people of republika srpska ( the self-proclaimed parliament of the bosnian serbs ) unanimously rejected the plan , putting forth their own map which claimed almost two thirds of bosnia 's territory , with a series of ethnically split cities and isolated enclaves , and leaving the croats and muslims with a disjointed strip of land in the centre of the republic . 
  this plan was rejected by cutileiro . 
  however , he put forth a revised draft of the original which stated that the three constituent units would be `` based on national principles and taking into account economic , geographic , and other criteria . '', 
  ** on 18 march 1992 , all three sides signed the agreement ; alija izetbegovi\u0107 for the bosniaks , radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 for the bosnian serbs and mate boban for the bosnian croats . 
  ** ** on 28 march 1992 , after a meeting with us ambassador to yugoslavia warren zimmermann in sarajevo , izetbegovi\u0107 withdrew his signature and declared his opposition to any division of bosnia . 
  wait ... barking and speaking german are not the same thing ? 
   was n't the reason for the incident in the police station more nationalistic than islamistic ca n't remember tbh . 
   it sounds stupid but i do n't think that this is something unusual for the 2 countries with the biggest muslim population in europe . 
  eh ... germany has more muslims then kosovos total population . 
  also you have albania and turkey , countries with predominantly muslim population , but still with fewer isis fighters per capita . 
  if i remember corectly countries like belgium have more then albania . 
  regardless , it certainly is n't something to be ignored . 
  sure bosnia is far , far , far from being some crazy me terrorist country and bosnians in general do n't have that radical mentality , but on the other hand it is n't like that radical sentiment is totally non-existent . 
  but actually alija izetbegovic , a bosnian muslim leader , rejected the accords that would prevent war , while milosevic and tudjman accepted those accords .
