  i can understand why russia took the crimea but they lost the ukraine for it . 
  and revived the nato . 
  how many exercises has the nato performed since then ? 
  thousand of troops get deployed ever closer to russias borders . 
  sanctions etc. 
  russia payed a price way too high . 
  the nato gets stronger when its members are scared , it doesnt matter if russia acted defensive or aggresive . 
  if russia makes any move towards the nato the nato can justify more troops and more money spend on the `` eastern defense '' . 
  they can justify to `` contain '' russia by adding more countries bordering russia . 
  i really believe that russia has to become part of the nato to stop the expansion . 
  that may sound like a defeat , but the nato just gets stronger if russia trys to fight back . 
  the truth doesnt matter , for the nato russia is always the aggressor even if they just fight back . 
  if russia is a part of the nato though , there would not be a justification for more troops close to russias borders . 
  russia could be part of the anti-ballistic missile system and get some control over it . 
  it 's a chicken-and-egg question . 
  did the nato placed the rockets before russia placed their rockets close to nato borders ? 
  or placed russia their rockets before the nato placed theirs ? 
  both russia and the nato feel threatened by each other , so they start an arms race . 
  it doesnt matter who started this and i couldnt tell anyways . 
  russia and the nato can only feel safe once they became allies/russia becomes a nato-member . 
   your method would also require a larger contribution from germany . 
  germany should spend more but simply having more tanks in europe is pointless , russia is not the udssr we dont need million of troops in europe . 
   it is a bit disingenuous to bring up `` nato spending '' in a discussion about the disparities in nato spending . 
  the aggregate spending is not what is at issue here , but rather the lack of contributions from some members . 
  is it `` disingenuous '' though ? 
  the us couldnt reduce their military spending if everyone would spend 2 % of their gdp , simply because every smaller country would have a small tank army and a few airplanes then . 
  the nato needs carriers , satellites and all the good stuff . 
  you are right the aggregate spending is not the issue , the nato is overspending . 
  billions and billions of euros are wasted for useless stuff . 
  the spain army cant get their tanks anywhere were they are needed , and noone is going to attack spain , noone has in over 100 years and all of their neighbours are nato members . 
  those tanks are useless . 
  force the countries to provide small but insteadly deployable forces to assist each other . 
  then the big countries can reduce their overall spending and focus on special stuff like carries . 
  a war against a nuclear power would end the world before the most nato armys would reach the frontline anyway . 
  try to de-escalate with small special forces instead of preparing million of soldiers who would need months to reach their designation . 
  and for attacking small countries like afghanistan those tanks are even more useless . 
   friend , buying russian gas through germany does n't somehow ` end ' eastern europe 's dependence on russian gas . 
  i meant a common european energy politic , more lng and a better infrastructure so eastern europe can reduce their dependence from russian gas . 
   nor is it dependent on a few paltry billions of transit fees russia ( and indirectly germany ) pay transit fees to countries countrys between them , not really a problem but why not save the money by using nord stream ? 
   russia into nato ? 
  friend , nato 's entire existence is to pursue russia 's demise and breaking it into little pieces . 
  if not , then just to subjugate them . 
  the nato is expanding towards russia , but i dont think the nato wants to destroy russia . 
  russia trys to stop the nato from expanding towards the east and this is why the nato and russia are having conflicts . 
  if russia would join the nato ( and the eu later ) then there could be a balance between the usa and europe + russia . 
  since russia would be part of the nato there would not be a reason to fight in eastern europe . 
   i think because russia is our neighbour , mutual dependence is better . 
  it 's russia 's destiny to be in europe , but on a basis of mutual respect , not of them being inferior subhumans . 
  russia has always been a part of europe , russia shares a european history and a european cultur . 
  russia should be part of an united europe not an excluded partner , this way russia could be one of the mostpowerfull countries in europe and the world . 
  i argue against the 2 % goal . 
  it is totally random and not usefull . 
  split the nato expenses depending on the gdp and demand a certain amount of deployable troops ( based on population and gdp ) . 
  that would be fair , instead of simply spending 2 % on your military . 
  the nato outspends everybody else by far , why should we waste more money ? 
  2 % more spending means 100.000 additional conventional german soldiers only deployable in europe . 
  10000 special forces deployable within days everywere on the world would be far more beneficial . 
  would germany has to pay more money ? 
  probably . 
  would it be wasted money ? 
  i dont think so . 
  the import of russian gas has not significantly increased since north stream was finished . 
  germany is also way less dependent from russian gas than you might think , only around 40 % of the consumption is imported from russia . 
   i am not trying to dismiss the risks of nuclear energy . 
  they are real , but they are also massively exagerated and unfairly compared to other risks , particularly that of allowing a massive increase in coal burning . 
  i absolutely agree , shutting down the nuclear powerplants that fast was not a logical decision . 
  however i do believe that in the midterm nuclear powerplants should be replaced with rewnewable energy and modern gas powerplants ( as far as i know gas powerplants are better then coal powerplants ) . 
  modern powerplants are very clean and their `` smokestacks '' protect the neighbouring people from emissions . 
  you also have to keep in mind that in germany the nuclear waste is a huge problem . 
  the goverment is searching for over 30 years and has not found a final depot yet . 
  having more competition is good for the market , europe is depending on russian gas anyway . 
  a common european energy politic would try to reduce the dependence of eastern europe from russian gas ( they importing almost 100 % of their gas from russia ) . 
  i hoped putin would lead russia into the nato and towards the west in general . 
  than ukraine happened . 
  the eu ( and friends , aka . 
  uk ) and russia will proceeding to work together though . 
   only if they work together and hug ( mutual dependence ) , can europe be prosperous and powerful . 
  100 % true . 
  i would prepare partnership/friendship over mutual dependence though . 
  and i dont think becoming less dependent from each other would hurt the relationship between russia and the eu . 
   and how does nord stream help that ? 
  it does not help reducing the dependence from russian gas . 
  it does not hurt either , europe can have a common energy politic with or without nordsteam . 
  keep in mind that i replied to :  there is a huge wedge in the foundations of potential common european energy policy called nord stream . 
  how many germans got killed by isis ? 
  below 10 ? 
  not even 5 ? 
  a nuclear accident is a scary scenario because it makes a certain area uninhabitably and causes huge pain . 
  the biggest danger towards german people are car accidents and mistakes made by doctors . 
  quiet boring topics though . 
   he is n't talking about living near a fully functioning power plant . 
  i would have no problem living besides a nuclear power plant myself and i think he feels the same . 
  the way i understand his post is , that he 's aware of the enormous possible damage in the aftermath of a failure at a nuclear power plant and is asking you , if you want to live in the exclusion zone of fukushima right now . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  to put my question in other words : how far away from fukushima would you feel safe ? 
  100miles ? 
  1000miles ? 
  10000miles ? 
  everything inside this radius is lost to us . 
  tens of thousands lost their home forever , they can never return .
