what is your solution to this problem ? 
  should the girl raise the child on her own ? 
  it is not perfect but sometimes there is not a perfect solution . 
  you dont get u/rapio right . 
  if the transfer fees are lowered to a point were it is not profitable to use nord stream noone will use nord stream anymore . 
  the maintenance of an under-sea-pipeline is higher than the maintenance of that one in poland/eastern europe . 
   its like your expected the germans to like us , most english hate germans including me and vice versa outside of football that is just flat wrong . 
  germans and brits both would prefer to get hit by a bullet than to say something nice about each other , however deep down i have to admit that brits are not completely bad . 
  i mean at least you guys do not express your feelings like the bloody south europeans . 
  feelings should at the most be discussed with an doctor and just if there is a medical reason for this . 
  in my opinion superiority complex is more fitting . 
  `` they do not do it the way we are doing ? 
  that must be wrong , german solutions are superior !, 
  are they stupid ? '', 
  ( i am exaggerating of course ) . 
  you should reconsider `` inferiority '' . 
  the reason frenchmen , brits and germans are known to be arrogant is not because we feel inferior to foreigners . 
  ~ ~ inferiority complex ~ ~ superiority complex fify just like the brits we believe that everybody else is stupid . 
   aus der eu getreten aus ( something ) getreten this would be literally stepping out of someting ( i stepped out of the forest - ich bin aus dem wald getreten ) austreten means to quit ( something ), 
  written by an englishman of course . 
  i got your suggestions by typing `` why are the englishman '' ( warum sind die engl\u00e4nder ) . 
  ps : if you type `` why are the hollander '' google suggests `` not at the european championship ? '', 
  ( in german ), 
   why is it that 4 % can not get a job ? 
  4 % is close to the so called `` natural rate of unemployment '' . 
  you can not have 100 % employment because people quit their jobs/companys go bankrupt etc. 
  the most of the 4 % are going to find a ( new ) job within the next few months and new people will quit/lose their job . 
  it is the normal fluctuation . 
  the constitution takes precedence in germany . 
  the eu legislation is more important than the local legislation , however the constitutional court can declare any law illegal , if it violates the constitution . 
  to be fair , it is a delicious [ drink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ayran ) . 
  thanks again , your answer is very informative . 
  thank you for the answer , now it makes more sense to me . 
  so the main reason is the possibility that russia abuses north stream to cut eastern europe from gas supply ( ? 
   that deal between germany and russia fucked the whole eastern europe . 
  what is the problem with north stream ( 2 ) ? 
  is it just about those fees ? 
   so what is exactly the use of that 5 % limit ? 
  it is all hitler 's fault . 
  the weimarer republik had a lot of small parties fighting each other 24/7 , not a single coalition lasted for more then 21 months . 
  this kind of instability led to a rise of undemocratic parties , which promised stability and '' a strong leader '' . 
  without a stable goverment the reichs-president was forced to use his emergency powers on a regular base . 
  ( hitler was appointed by the reichs-president , who thought he could control the man with the funny moustache ) this is the main reason why there is the 5 % hurdle . 
  it has no real purpose nowadays but it favors big and old parties , so those parties do not see a reason to change it . 
  one-issue parties have a harder time getting into the parliament though , that is a nice thing . 
  the people who do not claim benedfits are part of the so called `` stille reserve '' . 
  they do not want to work ( because they would not get paid enough to make it worth their while ) . 
  they are not looking for an employment and therefore are not in the statistic . 
  yes , basically that is correct . 
  powerfull corporations and monopolys distort the competition . 
   ahhh the so called trickle down . 
  which in fact , sadly does not happen . 
  another republican lie originally invented to get welfare money sent to their businesses instead of the end consummer people . 
  : x the banks give loans to the people , it is way more effective this way since the banks can give away the same money multiplie times . 
   `` the rest '' a free market is more efficient than a state run industry . 
  higher welfare for everyone , the state just has to ensure that everyone gets his fair share . 
   money is printed either way , the key is to redirect some of that printed qe away from purely financial investments toward citizens instead . 
  because hedge funds and banks are n't the ones that needs billions if you want to restart consumption . 
  the money reaches the people indirectly . 
   uh lol it hurts it so much that germany has a 5 % surplus and greece has 20 % of it 's pop and the doctors unpaid . 
  i never said that germany has more problems than greece . 
   another lie by omission : it was what was happening in france before we started distributing welfare . 
  now cars can be found starting a couple hundreds euros for shitty 20y old beaters to brand new ones starting at 5/6k . 
  and ppl make typically 10 $ / hour . 
  i was talking about inflation and the `` real '' value of something like a car . 
   the ecb is de facto controled by germany sadly this is not true . 
  the ecb has right now a very anti-german strategy . 
  it hurts germany more than the greece-crises . 
   but , putting myself in the shoes of my self 20y ago in france , if i never had enough money because neither my employer will give me enough nor there is any welfare , i 'd never buy a car . 
  so the car manufacturer lost a ton of sales because gen x do n't buy cars ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/09/the-cheapest-generation/309060/ ) , and therefore the economy does not run as well . 
  plain as simple as that . 
  henry ford said he paid his workers thrice as well as concurrents because it allowed his workers to buy his cars , boosting his own business . 
  now the neocons crashed wages and the minimal wages under reagan . 
  then they crashed welfare too . 
  so people do n't buy cars anymore and general motors nearly went the way of the dodo . 
  yes but printing more money doesnt help that , if you earn 2 $ a hour and the car costs 10000 $ u cant buy the car . 
  if u earn 20000 $ a hour and the car costs 100000000 $ you still can not buy the car . 
  the `` real '' value of the car is the same just the price changes . 
   money printing and mass borrowing is happening either way , in both the eu and us model . 
  money printing is used to mitigate depressions and other things . 
  short - and midterm it is a very usefull tool , especially if combined with fiskal policy . 
  it also ensures that enough money is on the market ( supply = demand ), 
  i am getting unsure if you are talking about monetary policy . 
  more money -  more investments -  higher employment -  higher wages -  less investments -  employment on the same level as before . 
  this is in a very simple way what happens if more money is printed . 
  printing money can not achieve anything longterm . 
  simply because money is not something like a car , it has no real value . 
  the other big thing in macro economics is fiskal policy aka how much the national goverment is investing . 
  reagan reduced the taxes because he thought it would in the end result in more income for the goverment . 
  this has nothing to do with monetary policy or inflation . 
   and neoliberalism is systematically dismantling any form of welfare . 
  the latest excuse being that `` pensions and unemployment too generous makes people lazy . 
  `` real '' neoliberalism believes that the economy always returns to the natural employment , they are against goverment interventions since the economy will recover anyway . 
  the money used to `` rescue '' the economy is wasted and missing somewhere else . 
  or even worse reduces midterm the investments of the goverment . 
  reducing social welfare results in a higher natural employment . 
  higher employment results in higher wages . 
  neoliberalism is not `` evil '' , it trys to achieve the same goals through diffrent ways . 
  i am not a fan of neoliberalism and i am not saying that neoliberalism always works but it can work . 
   or , more realistically , the ceo does not recruit or pay more anyone , and just put the additionnal money in his next yearly multi million bonus .
