  borrowing money do not results in a higher bonus . 
   yet the legal assembly legally ban countries to do so . 
  and to go further , in greece 's case , the german element of the troika forced a systematic dismantling of most forms of welfare or scheme where the state would hand over wealth to it 's citizens . 
  if the goverment would be allowed to print money they would abuse it to have higher employment during election years . 
  it could also result in high inflation . 
   yet we ban the government to create jobs which would be needed to maintain a certain competition level with companies . 
  companies that collude to lower wages . 
  nah , this can work or destroy the market and waste tons of money . 
   as far as i understand it , only the ecb is allowed to print & distribute money at the top level in europe . 
  governments are explicitely banned from printing money . 
  you are correct , the governments are banned from printing money ( for good reasons ) . 
  however giving money to private persons is not the purpose of the ecb , it is more efficient if other banks loan money to persons . 
   which there will never be due to rampant automation , we all know it . 
  new technologies also create new jobs . 
  and you can not stop automation anyways , cheaper money wont change anything . 
   still again , another lie . 
  `` supply side jesus economics '' . 
  aka `` give more money to the billionaires and maybe we 'll create jobs ! '' . 
  except it never happends . 
  ( pacte de responsabilit\u00e9 in france anyone ? ) . 
  cheaper money results in more investments , more investments result in more jobs . 
  higher employment results in higher wages . 
  if there is an investment with a 5 % rate of return and the average interest rates are 7 % noone would invest money . 
  if the money is cheap and the average interest rates are 2 % someone would invest money in the investment . 
  however we dont need cheap money in europe right now , lower interest rates do not result in more investment aka . 
  liquidity trap  and that 's the problem : they 're pumping money in the financial market . 
  not in the population strata . 
  it 's money that reach the financial systems , banks and hedge funds and the stock market and some big corpos , and it stays there . 
  ceos and funds get richer , but everyone in the general population gets poorer . 
  giving money to the general public is not a monetary policy , it is not the job of the ecb . 
  national goverments can do this . 
   at that point , yes it is . 
  because if you ca n't start climbing the social ladder without ( to reuse trump 's words ) `` a small million dollar loan '' ( sic ) , then there is no climbing for anyone . 
  you are not talking about loans , you are talking about venture capital . 
   if at least the governmental banks could loan money at a consumer level to allow them for example to start companies , the problem would n't be half as bad as if there is only `` for profit '' banks that will only act when it makes the bank owner 's some quick money and let the economy starve otherwise . 
  this is not a monetary policy , this should be done by the national goverments and not by the ecb . 
   no , i 'm talking about the systemic problem where ( in western countries ) the money is never lent lower than corporations , that does n't pay a living wage anymore either so de facto the money simply does not reach the consummer strata despite all the `` trickle down '' lies . 
  the wages will rise when there is a labor shortage . 
  companys create jobs if the investment capital is cheap . 
  the ecb is pumping way too much money into the market , without achieving anything . 
  which means that we are close to the liquidity trap , more money is not going to increase investments . 
  the police decided that an erdogan-speech would be too emotional and could have put the health of the protesters at risk . 
  they were expecting pro and anti erdogan protesters . 
  i am just talking about the loan . 
  in your previous comment it sounds like the loan is about several hundred billion . 
  your figures are way to big . 
  if you are talking about the loan 10 billions would be more accurate . 
   by underpricing everybody else . 
  atleast in ( east - ) germany they underpriced everybody else by paying shitty wages and giving a shit about the environment . 
  some companys were were profitable , but the most were shitty and had to be closed . 
  ( lightbulbs were better in the east though ), 
  mc donalds and burger king are both more expensive in germany ( though the bicmac-index says different ) . 
  they never had such a price war like in the us . 
   i even know why  i tried to bait people to respond :d did not worked out well . 
   it 's other religions like hinduism that they really hate , and guess what so do christians . 
  heretics are way worse then heathens . 
  the most devastating war in european history was fought between catholics and protestants . 
  we had crusades against other `` book-people '' . 
  christianity had more important wars to wage , no time to kill cow worshiping heathens . 
  you should be totally save in europe :d, 
   if nato 's whole goal is to defeat or destroy russia , how can they join ? 
  the us will never allow it , that would mean their own defeat . 
  why the hell would anyone still need the us or listen to them ? 
  why would us forces still be in europe ? 
  the us care way less about russia then you might think , they defeated the udssr and won the cold war . 
  that was their goal . 
  now they fight islamic terror and have conflicts with china . 
  russia is also fighting with islamic terror and having conflicts with china . 
  and in the end the us will pick allies who have common goals/enemies . 
  the us wont allow russia to control huge parts of europe but russia is not the nemesis of the us . 
   basically what you 're saying is nato is like a steamroller , and russia either need to get rolled over by doing nothing , or get rolled over by trying to stop the steamroller by doing something . 
  what i am saying is that i belive russia can not stop the nato , if you can not win against somebody you have to become him . 
   who the hell is that missile shield against ? 
  right , russia . 
  so how could they be part of it . 
  being part of it means moving them to vladivostok or whatever . 
  against whom ? 
  china ? 
  against pakistan and yeah longterm against china/nordkorea , the nice thing about such an shield that it can be used against anyone . 
   crimea was essential for russia 's very survival . 
  they do n't take decisions like this lightly . 
  if they lost crimea , they 'd lose the entire black and by extension , the mediterranean sea , which means the encirclement would be pretty much complete , certainly in the european part of russia . 
  so , impossible , even if their economy would shrink by half , they 'd still do it . 
  i disagree , the black sea fleet is useless aslong the turkey ( nato-member ) controls the bosphorus . 
  and i believe using `` soft power '' aka . 
  diplomatic and econmic influence , could have secured the naval base without losing ukraine as a `` friend '' ( they are litteraly hostille now ) . 
  oh and the nato is way more active in eastern europe now . 
  however whats done is done . 
   it would just make things more efficient . 
  thats exactly what the us needs , not 27 useless allies they have to defend but an united europe with a strong army . 
  the us isnt just defending eastern europe against russia , they also protect trade routes around the world . 
  a huge part of the us defense budget is spend there , even if all 27 members would pay 2 % of their gdp they couldnt assist the us on this task ( and mostlikely would still need help in eastern europe ) . 
  it is not about how much money is used , it is about how the money is used . 
  and i dont think trumps utterances are helping , they just split the nato and make the nato look weak . 
   and still nato needed to expand east ? 
  they retreated . 
  that 's it . 
  the nato was made to expand and russia cant stop the nato playing the game the nato was made to win . 
  they can slow them down , but each move russia makes is a justification for the nato to exist . 
  before the ukraine-crisis the nato was `` more dead then alive '' ( less military spending , no real common goal ) .
