we are n't . 
  i 'm not poor but i 'm also not american . 
  i suppose that question is at the root of this video ... 
  arabia/north africa was far more developed than western europe in this time period . 
  they had cities of millions of people while post-collapse rome was the size of modern st albans . 
  by the way , the crusaders killed byzantium , the ottomans just carried it to the morgue . 
  conspicuous absence of sources . 
  ok so the doctrines of islam condone ( in a fairly limited way ) some imperialism , and the doctrines of christianity forbid practically all war . 
  and yet the powers of the muslim world and of christendom behaved in practically the exact same way throughout their imperialistic period . 
  so what is the point here ? 
  what finger is pointed at me by the way ? 
  i 'm not a muslim . 
  so they were imperialistic ? 
  is this supposed to be shocking or something ? 
  imperialism predates islam by a good 20,000 years as far as we know and every major western nation state ( including nonreligious ones like the ussr ) was highly involved in it up-until they were forced to stop . 
  can we name one major christian power than was n't imperialistic ? 
  what exactly is the difference between our imperialism and their imperialism ? 
  you want to know why muslim imperialism against christian countries was so much more common than vice-versa in the dark and middle ages ? 
  because they were richer and stronger . 
  only reason . 
  there was no moral difference whatsoever . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  great week so far . 
  what 's that massive blob of light in the middle of the mediterranean in the bottom left ? 
  you would rather be a refugee than an ordinary dane ? 
  actually prostitutes are far-better paid . 
  uber is for the people who are too ugly to prostitute themselves . 
  there are prostitutes who enjoy their work too . 
  does n't mean most do n't do it out of sheer necessity and desperation . 
  did i ever say you did ? 
  are you reading my posts ? 
  the point is that you are implying that one of the pros of working for uber is flexibility , and the freedom to choose your hours . 
  i am telling you that that 's all well and good for someone who makes a salary , but when you are working a minimum wage job ( or sub minimum wage job in uber 's case ) you have to take every single hour available because earning $ 20 less a week can mean not paying the phone bill , or not buying food . 
  do you think there are a lot of comfortable people with full times jobs who just enjoy working as a taxi driver in their few spare hours , making less money than a kid stacking shelves in a supermarket ? 
  they drive uber because they need to drive uber . 
  the average uber driver works for 35 hours a week , which indicates that yes , most are doing it as a full time job . 
   stop working when you feel like it you think people earning less than minimum wage have the liberty to stop working when they do n't feel like working ? 
  it 's like saying beggars get to choose their hours and go weeks without begging if they feel like it . 
   even if uber charged the same price , it would still be a better service . 
  if uber charged the same price they would not have been banned . 
  you ca n't compete with dumping . 
  i highly doubt that uber drivers earn enough to pay taxes . 
   and what drove people to invest into industrialism instead of hookers and blow ? 
  aside from the fact that most of them were fairly serious calvinists ? 
  the lancashire cotton manufacturers were smarting after losing a lot of the money that they had invested into government bonds in south america , and they were looking for something vaguely tangible into which they could put their money . 
  it just so happened that james watt was developing his engine at the same time . 
  the technology had actually been around since the start of the 18th century , but until then fate had n't provided any investors to fund the miles and miles of railroad tracks . 
   your point of historical contention doesnt understand that secularism drove industrialism into what it is again , the english manufacturing class were quite the zealots at the time . 
  and the renaissance was an extremely religious movement . 
  do n't you have a harvest to attend to ? 
   industrialism yes , and the investment behind that industrialism was entirely colonial money . 
  do a little research , this is not a point of historical contention . 
   ( for now ) no , forever . 
  and our wealth was built on colonialism . 
   i am safe here yeah you 're safe in one of the poorest most dysfunctional and crooked countries in europe . 
  funny how all romania 's best and brightest flee to our muslim-infested countries as soon as they 've finished education . 
  if every european country was like romania the arab world would still be ahead of us . 
  and what do you mean by `` us '' ? 
  bosnians , kosovars , albanians and the 11 million turks who live in eastern thrace are no longer europeans ? 
  there have been muslims in the uk in large numbers since the 1950s and 1960s . 
  they are now in their third and even fourth generations . 
  most of them only speak english and have one nationality . 
  they are here and they are n't leaving , least of all to fucking romania . 
  i believe the left argument is that genuine free trade globalisation will never happen within the nation state structure , because rich nations will never allow poor nations to compete on even terms when they can simply subsidise away the competition . 
  so there 's no point talking about it . 
  while we 're at it , does n't free trade require freedom of movement ? 
  did n't adam smith write that if corporations lost their national loyalty and began playing countries against each other the human race would degenerate to ultimate savagery ? 
  did . 
  liked it fine . 
  you sure you replied to the right comment ? 
  in general , anti-immigrant sentiment in the uk is concentrated most heavily in areas with little to no immigrants . 
  and of course it never extends to immigrants from western europe or north america . 
  bear in mind that italy and france are bidet-users . 
  well , past transgressions aside , a clear majority of people in northern ireland want to remain part of the uk , and if the government was to ignore that and hand them over to ireland regardless , they would be handing them a civil war . 
  and the uk at least managed to provide a negotiated settlement that both sides were happy with and provides a peaceful route for irish nationalism . 
  turkey on the other hand is currently refusing pkk offers to return to the negotiations , and has never demonstrated sincere commitment to a negotiated solution , which is a large part of the reason why kurds still resort to war even after how little good it 's done them - ankara closed every other door . 
   have you ever heard a group named kuk ? 
  what about deng\u00e9 kawa ? 
  all of them were kurdishresistance groups wiped out by pkk . 
  yup . 
  we 're talking about a different generation of the pkk are n't we ? 
  they do n't do that anymore , and even if it did it would n't give the turkish state any more legitimacy in an area they treat like a nineteenth century african colony . 
  the fln were brutal too , does that legitimize the french occupation of algeria ? 
  tak themselves claim to be a pkk offshoot who left because they were n't violent enough , which is why they are all ex-pkk members , and have pkk weapons . 
  they do n't fight the pkk because why would they ? 
  none of this stuff is anywhere close to good evidence . 
  `` by the mid-1990s , more than 3,000 villages had been virtually wiped from the map , and , according to official figures , 378,335 kurdish villagers had been displaced and left homeless . '', 
  [ human rights watch ] ( https://www.hrw.org/reports/2005/turkey0305/3.htm#_toc97005223 ) remember the time the pkk destroyed 3,000 villages and made almost 400,000 turks homeless ? 
  ca n't see an explanation for why anyone should accept that the government in ankara has a right to rule over turkish kurdistan here , or why kurds should bow down to a government that has been relentlessly hostile to them for it 's entire existence . 
  and if we 're going to write-off all anti-colonial movements that include atrocities then there has never been a single justified one . 
  and besides , turkish atrocities far outweigh those of the pkk . 
  if i remember rightly , germany 's very high trade surplus was a large factor in ensuring growth despite contractionary policies , and in the case of the uk the cameron government tried a little austerity for a while , which turned the recovery begun under brown into a recession , then into another , and soon after they quietly stopped with nothing to show for themselves . 
  i do n't see how that 's a success story . 
  merkel and schauble are largely responsible for the austerity policies that have kept the eu in crisis since the 2008 crash while the us has all-but recovered . 
  i would have thought she would have more opposition from germans considering that she effectively nationalised the junk loans that private german banks made to the greek state , then threw hundreds of billions of euros to greece from the treasury in bailout deals with provisions that ensured that the greeks would n't be able to pay that back either . 
  so she made a big private problem a big public problem , and then turned that into a gigantic domestic and international crisis , all while making the eu look like an instrument of german domination at a time when the eu 's existence was under threat from a tide of right wing populism . 
  what part of this is supposed to be impressive ? 
  an uncountable number of lebanese and palestinians have disappeared into the israeli prison system , without trial , never to be heard from again . 
  hezbollah nabs an idf goon every now and then . 
  but israelis get a pass because they behave like westerners .
