this chap gets it !, 
  packing , going to rome on monday to enjoy the sights . 
  62 to years since putin 's glorious birthday !, 
  ukip got 0.5 % of seats in the house of commons therefore the uk is 0.5 % eurisceptic , gr8 logic m8 . 
  i 'm not even a eurosceptic but it 's clear there are problems the eu has to deal with before even thinking about coming a state . 
  god r/europe is fucking mental sometimes . 
   internal bickering way to trivialise some serious concerns people have with the eu . 
  for some reason r/europe thinks the eu could become a state at a click of a finger . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  love that allman brothers tune , makes me feel american despite not being american . 
  golden brown - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awasi3u2eae, 
  could this sub get more anglophobic ? 
  apparently there 's bare oil . 
  importance level increased by 1000 percent . 
  i 'd highly recommend finishing it . 
  the ending left me incredibly introspective for a few days , to the point where my friends were asking if there was something wrong . 
  just finished ` stoner ' by john williams , no it 's not about weed . 
  also , just finished ` cannery row ' by steinbeck . 
  would recommend both books entirely , makes you think what it means to be human . 
  yeah but its not just bangla culture though ? 
  there are some funny hipster areas to it too , and if you ; re into music there 's quite a few record shops . 
  as a londoner who was born and lived in london for 20 years i would still recommend . 
  do n't worry , scary brown people do n't stalk the streets beating up white people . 
  safe to say that thats not the standard brick lane experience and neither is it a regular everyday occurrence . 
  cambridge - have a walk about amongst trinity college and soak in the college atmosphere . 
  see if you can see some music in one of the college churches . 
  brick lane ( london ) - a taste of the ` edgier ' more youth oriented side of british culture , with other cultures like fused in . 
  this area is filled with hipster shops alongside some great bangladeshi food ares . 
  beddgellert ( wales ) - a peaceful stone village tucked into snowdonia . 
  the village is a good base for some fantastic walks . 
  also the village has some of the best ice cream you can find in the uk . 
  because its situated in north wales too you 'll be able to hear more people speaking welsh which is cool as it sounds like elvish from lord of the rings sorry have n't actually been to scotland so ca n't recommend any places there yet , i 've probably missed out some stunning destinations there . 
  m8 you 're delusional if you think even that will push niers to join r ireland . 
  was kind of jokey . 
  i 'm a remainer myself . 
  i do recognise that outside the eu we are even weaker, 
  stronger in !, 
  but not that strong, 
  yes please please please , i want to escape this shithole quickly . 
  you do n't become smarter with age , wiser perhaps . 
  but remember , most of the older generations did n't have the privalege of going to university where they could gain wider perspectives and liberal attitudes . 
  again , it has been shown the higher educated are far more likely to be in the remain camp . 
  anti-anglo european jealousy again i see . 
  ` in normal times the british sabotage was tolerable ' , what sabotage ? 
  the uk government has only voted no to 2 % of eu laws since 1999 ( https://fullfact.org/europe/eu-facts-behind-claims-uk-influence/ ) . 
  moreover , it is a know fact the uk is more cooperative than countries like the netherlands , http://i.imgur.com/4xona5u.gif . 
  there 's no use putting your hands up to your ears , especially when there are calls accross the continent for change within the eu . 
  im confused as to why the article focuses on papers read by the old and eurosceptic portions of the population , which will soon die out and be replaced by the new europhillic younger generations ( 72 % of 16-25 year olds want to remain ) . 
  even 10 years down the line i recon attitudes towards the eu in the uk will change . 
  what you are seeing now is the last dying breath of the generation of colonial dinosaurs !, 
  it means you most likely have the recessive redhead gene . 
  i mean you keep ignoring my points about why the eu will not reach a deal which will completely harm the uk economy . 
  oh so the eu is going to select certain cities where euros can and cant be cleared ? 
  how on earth are they going to enforce that . 
   because the eu preventes brussels and hungary , poland and several other member states . 
  utterly delusional . 
   never did and never will that 's the issue . 
  the only country that is needed for the eu to function properly is germany . 
  every other country is a subsidiary , a tool for german export exploitation . 
   nobody gives a rats arse about the uk economy now except countries like ireland and malta who 's economies are strongly linked to the uk 's . 
  and why are you implying that the eu does n't care about third party economies ? 
  the world economy is so interlinked now a crash in china will affect us all . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   the uk undermined the eu for 40 years hahah . 
  the uk was a very useful counterbalance to german dominance the eu , many members like denmark will miss the uk 's supporting voice . 
  the uk also complied to the eu by adopting a greater number of laws than countriea like france . 
  you realise preventing euro clearing in non-eurozone clearing houses will kill the euro as an international currency ? 
  uk clearing houses clear all sorts of currencies like the yen and the dollar . 
   btw the eu is protectionist af and that 's a great thing oh i am lelling . 
  great thing for germany maybe but this economic policy means that southern eu countries will never succeed . 
  protectionism is , and has always been , an extremely backward and damaging economic approach . 
  it reduces competitiveness and drives prices up for consumers . 
   the eu will cherry pick what it wants until you realise member states like malta and ireland 's economies are inexorably linked to the uk economy and any bad deal for the uk will be vetoed by them to avoid harm to their economies . 
   the european army is en route lol ok . 
  the eu cant even form a proper border force and reach agreements on the migrant crisis . 
  member states like germany and poland differ on their russian policies . 
  we wont see an eu army any time soon , and the russian threat is immediate and severe . 
  there 's a difference between competing and deliberately harming a key sector of the uk economy . 
  this has already been seen with some nonsensical plans to limit euro clearing to only eurozone countries . 
  news like this coming from france is one step short of an economic war . 
  are we not meant to be allies ? 
  the euro , to be a viable currency used around the world , should not be limited to clearing houses only in eurozone countries . 
  doing this just to spite the uk is clearly just a protectionist measure . 
  the uk , though outside the eu , should not just be treated simply like an outsider . 
  we have paid billions in the european project and assets and thus should a stakehold in european institutions . 
  in particular the european investment bank . 
  if the eu want to punish thr uk then so be it , do n't expect that the uk will be so kind in maintaining troops in the balkan member states as well as guaranteeing the rights of eu citizens in the uk for much longer . 
  haha this sub has just become a parody of itself . 
  uk universities are far superior in terms of the extra curricular activities they offer . 
  with the decline of the eu following closely behind . 
  i 'm honestly done with sub . 
  every single comment thread is just filled with endless brit bashing . 
  read further into the story guys . . 
  such good will from our european friends . 
  there should be punishing going at all . 
  just an exit from the eu . 
  i personally did n't decide to drag my country out of the eu . 
  also , true , the leave campaign was based on many lies . 
  but my countrymen were deceived by a small handful of liars . 
  how does that mean we all collectively need to be punished ?
