  i am so glad that sweden gets benefits of living in such a multicultural society , after all it 's a democracy , that by definition means they approve of that development . 
  we do n't want that though . 
  we do n't want to replace the usa and play empire in other parts of the world . 
  as bad as the political zeitgeist is in germany , at least most of us are very much against any military interventions in other countries . 
  it 's not politically acceptable to do anything more than arm sales in germany . 
  i 'd prefer it if we abolished the reason of welfare migrants coming here in the first place . 
  it 's the welfare of course . 
  make it impossible for them to get it . 
  now it 's too late to just do that . 
  but if we ca n't do that , at least establish a border again . 
  but it still wo n't solve anything , because there are already millions here . 
  some say that this is the reason why the afd lost so much in the polls . 
  but then again i do n't read any mainstream media anymore so i do n't know if there is a big change in domestic politics . 
  did you learn how to take it ? 
  did the army give you more endurance and fortitude ? 
  i am not swedish , but i love it . 
  i love seeing young swedes protect the new sweden that older swedes created . 
  it warms my heart that these teens will form the first frontline to protect the new multicultural sweden . 
  the problem is when they present me with their cheek and expect me to do it, 
  do n't forget to speak like you have a potato in your mouth !, 
  you are so ... 
  i do n't know what word to describe it . 
  you are just so ... nice ... 
  i wish we were friends so you could invite me to your dinners . 
   i like it to season in special asian food i am intrigued . 
  tell me more !, 
  wait , really ? 
  i thought we were similar in a lot of aspects , but we barely use peanut butter here . 
  interesting that you eat that . 
  i honestly do n't like the peanut taste , i do n't know what i expected . 
  something like the cake dough or something , which tastes better , but also gives you tummy aches . 
  i want it reduced as much as possible , i know that i will never ever see a stateless society in my lifetime . 
  so i am not even going to try to argue for anarchist philosophy , except in an enclave situation . 
  people should be allowed to found anarchist colonies in unpopulated regions and should not immideatly trigger a reaction of some goverment who comes in an claims it . 
  anyway , yes . 
  many countries before all of europe implemented and stayed with their war economy , untill today , did n't have high taxes . 
  it would also solve the german fertility problem , so i do n't need to hear from leftists how germany craves muslims fertility . 
  how fat are you ? 
   is that a reference to the bi-daily articles in german newspapers : `` fireworks exploded in guy 's face . 
  it was from cz ! '', 
  and `` teenagers got fucked up on drugs . 
  it was from cz ! '' ? 
  hahaha , yeah you 're smart . 
   if you guys stop buying from the black market on the borders , it will go away , but where there is demand , comes supply . 
  i know , do n't worry about it , bruh . 
  you know what ? 
  you really are a. ... nice person . 
  you 're ... ... nice, 
  a disgusting psychopath , which was obvious from the very start . 
  he is not a freedom fighter , he is an insane dictator that wanted the soviets to start nuclear armageddon and even lied to them to manipulate them into it . 
  anyone who pretends that he was `` both '' or a force for good is a brainwished idiot who does n't think for himself and never bothered to do any research on his own . 
  i have no respect for anyone who likes castro , that bastard . 
  i have zero sympathy for anyone who has anything good to say about hi . 
  san marino or liechtenstein tbh . 
  the netherlands are full of attractive , tall men and women and it 's fun to try to deduce what a word means just based on my german vocabulary . 
  b\u00f6hmen & m\u00e4hren has very conveniently placed markets of colour right across the border , which gives a a nice symmetry to the conveniently placed police officers on our side of the border . 
  swiss people make me happy whenever they use that adorable li extension on some word . 
  also applies to southern german dialects in general , so austria too , because women with that accent are weirdly charming to me . 
  men on the other hand sound like they belong on a csu parteitag . 
  also skiing in south tyrol was incredibly amazing . 
  i only went one time , but i really want to do it again . 
  i was a natural and was able to visit the hard routes quite quickly . 
  danmark was a very nice view while i took a boat trip to oslo , which has a kinda comfy village vibe to it . 
  poland has a nice landscape and is n't as populated , so you could probably find more untapped wilderness here , which is a big plus to people who like to camp . 
  i forgot what belgium was like when i was there and france tried admirably to give me some exotic feels while i was there . 
  quickly get depressed , because of the constant darkness ? 
  was the livonian order basically lativa ? 
   germanic balts explain :d, 
  because they be jelly of my height and pale skin, 
  redpill me on how to do cheek kisses without embarassing myself, 
  it 's multicultural :d, 
  what do you want to know ? 
  of course that comment had to come so sad that people think this way still ; _ ;, 
  nice, 
  why are germanic people so against cheek kissing ? 
  so you 're supposed to not actually kiss ? 
   we definitely do n't do the 2 or 4 kisses on cheeks to people we meet . 
  i often fuck that up and it gets a bit akward . 
  is n't that wonderful how gay people are even accepted in the french right ? 
  where can i read about what your referendum is about ? 
  i ddidnt know you had one . 
  the south , close to a lake . 
  the north is the old , poor , industrial area and in some areas kinda no go for women late at night . 
  ireland . 
  more irish are living in america than in ireland . 
  i heard gay french are more likely than straight french people to vote for her !, 
  i mean wtf are you guys even . 
  i know about the polish-lithunian commonwealth . 
  i know about estonia and how they are closely related to the finnish . 
  i know about the teutonic order . 
  but wtf are you guys , where the hell did you come from ? 
  i have no idea , because i have n't been to mcdonalds in years and i do n't plan to ever again . 
  i always feel so rude when talking german to you guys . 
  ever since i visited france i have come to adapt their culture and completly refuse to speak anything but german in my country . 
  i will do that , untill i meet a french person who asks me for directions . 
  of course not . 
  i want more freedom for the individual and the freedom of not having as much money involuntarily taken from you is more free . 
  everyone should do it . 
  i also want to heavily reduce the welfare state and stop every single payment to welfare migrants . 
  make it completly based on private charity .
