  so while an increase just below the torys will not result in big change , them overtaking them , might come very surprisingly to everyone . 
  how often did you offer yourself to them ? 
  ei ehm not grumpy , fritz . 
  cool , 
   to a large extent , they 're hugely disadvantaged by the british political system . 
  they 'd be a huge force in a proportionally representative parliament , but 15 % of the vote translates for them into a single mp , who 's a runaway tory with basically no relationship to the ukip leadership . 
  but that also means that they could replace the torys in a surprise move . 
  but it tastes so good in my mouth . 
  i imagine we still could easily have that though . 
  unless wilders is right and the morocco invades your country , then we have to close the borders . 
  please stay in turkey , turkey is a great country germany is shithole . 
  not worth it to come . 
  definetly . 
  still kinda crazy to think about that happening with the afd in germany , but in some local parliaments it 's almost the case, 
   although that probably goes for the military police as well , who probably wished they could be stationed in our warm tent instead of out in their mud . 
  i see . 
  you played the parts of warm brothers for them . 
  i actually know a few women , who vote for the afd based on feeling unsafe , rejecting multiculturalism and also being a bit jealous of the migrants receiving welfare . 
  i agree . 
  in a perfect world i would just cut welfare for all immigrants and let those highly skilled ones in , but unforuntely we ca n't . 
  i read statistics that far more men than women vote for these parties . 
  would you stop dating a guy or break up with someone who admitted to vote for the freedom party ? 
   we also paint the submarines as dastardly , without the reasons you allude to above ( which i take to be fair enough , as war goes ) . 
  supposedly , the convention when sinking a civilian ship is to pick everyone up . 
  obviously , a u-boat ca n't do that , so they just drown . 
  you also have to remember that unrestricted submarine warfare was only unrestricted in methods , not location . 
  we did n't go out worldwide to sink everyone 's ships . 
  just like the british bloacked us and set up no go zones , we declared the seas surrounding britain as a no go zone . 
  i am just curious and want to see you represented . 
  just speak out . 
  it 's only karma you 're losing . 
  i think it 's interesting that the ukip has n't managed to replace the torys , especially since they were pro-brexit . 
  sure , that was their central issue , but does n't make it more sense to vote for a party who wanted the brexit ? 
   i could miss doing stuff like that during the latter half of my time there , when i mostly did radio operating stuff that was pretty far removed from the muck of the early days . 
  you missed the more rough and dirty times ? 
   germany needs more ethnic german babies and eu migrants that integrate very good like polish or russians or italians . 
  i 'd prefer a total immigration stop right now . 
  it 's really important to prevent anyone of them taking welfare . 
  preferably make it illegal for migrants to receive welfare . 
   i would not be suprised if mass deportation will follow once this population reaches more then 10 % . 
  it 's already beyond that . 
  just count out all the old people , who are n't fertile anyway or better just look at young people or newborns . 
  that 's the false calming factor when looking at statistics that involve looking at the entire population and makes people think it 's not so bad . 
  i am glad you had your fun with the boys . 
   it was n't too uncommon for the answers to be `` a lot '' , `` very little '' and `` what 's sleep ? 
  '' , and those were n't exactly my favorite days . 
   sounds like you got your shit pushed in, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xigic4pvfq video related . 
  the new sweden . 
  you still had a good time though i hoped ? 
  i ca n't imagine you saying you hated it . 
  glad you have so much fun with my language . 
  i do n't like ghetto culture . 
  as long as they do n't embrace it and speak in proper english ( not ebonics ) they are fine by me . 
  the benefit is that now the new swedes are as much part of sweden as the old sweden unreverseably and that means that the democratic will of the population has been fullfilled . 
  you 're right , then it was their status in the polls i was refering to when calling them the biggest party . 
  the telegram to mexcio to support them in a war against the us in the event of them entering ww1 . 
  that was n't a blunder in itself , the blunder was admitting to it after it was discovered . 
  germany was blockaded and experienced country wide hunger . 
  we simply could not feed our high population and a country like ours relied on trade . 
  the british bloacked us with their superior naval forces . 
  our naval forces consisted of submarines and they could only be used in a different tactic . 
  unrestricted submarine warfare . 
  you have to realize that this was a necessity for germany . 
  to starve britain out of the war like they did to us , but it was n't enough . 
  so while it became more and more obvious that the british wanted the us to join in , one plan to deal with that was to divert us attention from germany to buy us a few more months and mexico declaring war on the us would be the perfect way to do that . 
  so anyway , when the telegram became publizied the war press made a huge deal out of it to stoke the fires of national pride in the us to support a war against germany . 
  i wish ww1 had ended in a stalemate , maybe we could have drawn some very valuable lessons out of total war . 
  with absolute no reward for either side . 
  but oh well . 
  it 's impossible for turkey to become part of the eu . 
  some people only say that to be nice to them , but that should not be mistaken for approval of their membership . 
  russia is possible , but the usa is going to rage like hell if that happened . 
  all the people at stratfor for years scare mongered about a russian german alliance . 
  me too . 
  i always saw the swiss as germans who through historical circumstance developed a better system than mainstream germans . 
  i would adopt their system in a heart beat . 
  federalism like theirs gurantees freedoms much better than a centralized state . 
   we are the experts of moving to the west , trust me . 
  rrreeeeeeeeeeee ; _ ;, 
  so you have n't had a new right-wing party emerge like in france , sweden , germany , netherlands and other countries ? 
  well it 's the largest party in sweden and i heard all other parties refuse to work with them . 
  it 's also a very big party in east germany and still it 's a taboo to work with them locally and federally . 
  that 's better than being associated with gay people who do a fake german accent . 
   i like german for a lot of other reasons as well , but those are more grammatical and not really related to the topic at hand . 
  tell me all about it , swedeboy, 
  i always associated swedish with magnum chocolate ice . 
   i could start speaking with a soft g like they do in belgium and the southern provinces in the netherlands that sounds adorable vocaroo please, 
  gift them some food-flavoured condoms . 
  if i understand it correctly , you populist right-wing party is not being boycotted by the other parties like in other parts of europe ? 
  when was that party founded ? 
  east is every european country that was led by communists . 
  i couldnt find that video anywhere . 
  that 's how they are so tall . 
  good old hormone enriched milk . 
  i do n't like the salty ones , but the one with peach are goat . 
  i have a d\u00f6ner place where the guy always lets me have one for free . 
  water and tea . 
  sometimes milk when it 's appropiate like with cookies or other sweets . 
  give me your mom 's number please .
