maybe we need another 8 years to see this dynamic more pronounced in germany . 
  but if it 's happening in france and in the netherlands it gives me great hope for the future . 
  thank you for sharing that btw . 
  wow . 
  am i reading this right ? 
  21 % and the next most popular party for them is the groenlinks with just 7 % ? 
  that is hugeee !, 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  if that is true , this is really giving me hope for europe . 
  :3 i just wish the afd was that popular for young people here too . 
  maybe with generation z , when they get to vote . 
  the best way to do that is to abolish welfare . 
  similarly how divorced wives live indepdendently depended on their ex-husband for money , we are being stolen from to finance a culturally different population from that to live independent from us . 
  there ca n't be any integration without economic integration . 
  and every new non-native generation has to be integrated anew , because there is always the thread of them becoming ... pardon my language , but i have seen that myself ... xenophobic low-achieving assholes . 
  that 's the pity . 
  if a dutch person came here to germany , his kids would be german and his grandchildren would be completly assimilated . 
  our goverment and older generations , because they did n't protest against that , abandoned a homogenous society for really no objective benefit . 
  i kinda despise old people who still vote for spd and cdu for that reason . 
  how old are you btw ? 
  i 'm 23 . 
   very divided still , ofcourse the youth will always be leaning a little more towards the left did you know that in france the youth is actually pretty right-wing ? 
  the younger a frenchie is , the more likely is he going to be voting fn . 
  well thing , here in germany we have laws about what kind of colour you can paint your door , so it 's really not far-fetched to forbid muslim buildings who change the city image . 
  in my city it 's even not allowed to build any tall scyscapers , because it would make the few ones we have look tiny . 
  so technically some mosques are already illegal and they are also not allowed to cry out to gather the church goers to prayer either . 
  i as a libertarian would of course want to abolish all that . 
  just proving and insuring that your building is safe should be all that matters to the goverment . 
  but it 's important that we do n't make any excpetion for muslims . 
  like we already did with pedo and poly marriage . 
  what are the voting intentions of the dutch youth ? 
  but you have an independent judical system , seperation of power . 
  even if he really says that , he would n't be able to do that . 
   pretty much the way it works is that it 's impossible for 1 party to be the government , because you need a majority of the 150 seats available to lead and because we have so many parties that 's impossible . 
  do n't say that . 
  we almost would have an absolute merkel majority right now . 
  only a few percentages were missing . 
  the fdp and the afd both received under 5 % in the election , which meant that almost 10 % of the votes were elminated and given to the established parties in the parliament . 
  can you imagine that ? 
  that would have been scary and honestly better , because everyone would blame the cdu for the failures . 
  but then again ... the spd would probably sure even more in the polls . 
  the afd too , so then it 's all good i guess . 
  good question . 
  short answer is i do n't know . 
  in some local regions there are news stories about how some schools in `` bad neighbourhoods '' are majority non native german . 
  but i do n't think there are any statistics about that federally . 
  yeah , as i said . 
  it would be very surprising . 
  yeah i am . 
  what 's up , friend ? 
  i am going to vote for them , because i want to see merkel 's behavior change and a vote for the afd can do that better than any other vote for any other party . 
  i do n't watch any tv , so i do n't know what exactly the latest controversial stance is of some crazy random party member , but if there are some who are against abortion or climate change i can cope with that . 
   the reason im voting for them is because they want less eu and more strict immigration policies . 
  and they still agree with dutch values , unlike geert wilders . 
  can you tell me what you mean ? 
  so how does your voting system work ? 
   i was very much center-right with the cdu , i was a big supporter of merkel and i could usually see the logic in her decisions , even if i did n't agree entirely . 
  i was a huge critic of merkel way before that . 
  she made so many stupid decisions , like getting rid of nuclear energy just like that , just because something happened in japan . 
  she turned us from an energy exporter to an importer . 
  it 's retarded and is by no means the only bad thing she did way before the migrant crisis . 
   it 's very unfair that the nations that happen to be on our border also have to protect the eu 's borders mostly alone . 
  they obviously did n't or else there would n't be over a million '' '' `` refugees '' '' '' here . 
  i do n't even know how many they are . 
  are we already at 1.5 million ? 
   merkel is finally changing her tune , but i do n't know if i 'll ever go back to being as big of a cdu or eu supporter as i was before . 
  i 'll never vote for afd though . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  hur dur merkel sucks and is not a real conservative , but i wo n't vote in a way to change that . 
  i am a libertarian . 
  i am not a conservative . 
  i am not a christian , beyond being one in a vague cultural sense . 
  i am not in any way bigoted . 
  if you are a conservative and do n't vote afd , then you have not your priorities straight . 
  schulz wants to give non germans the right to vote . 
  foreigners already can get welfare , but to further erode citizenship is going to get the left , especially spd more voters . 
  if you are on the right and just let that happen , if you do n't do anything , while we have a welfare system and open borders and do n't push to stop either the welfare or open borders , then you are a cuck to me . 
  you literally let the left bareback fuck your ass and do nothing against that , because `` bla bla voting afd is icky '' . 
  you think i get offended , because there are some stupid retards in the afd who through their stupidity and say things i disagree with on a core level ? 
  because immigration is the most important issue right now . 
  it 's irreversable . 
  if you are right and do n't vote afd , then you should not be surprised if your grandchildren one day become really fascists . 
  is it a minority party ? 
  do you have a system like in germany where a party needs to reach a certain share of the votes to get into parliament ? 
  i do n't understand , can you tell me why you just do n't vote for them ? 
  i am kinda losing hope in humanity when i see all those germans voting for spd or cdu . 
  i am not left ( or right ) , but i could understand it if you were left and voted for the greens or die linke , but the spd or cdu ? 
  really ? 
  how can people still be so dense and vote for these parties and expect any positive change ? 
  their status quo is a continous decline . 
   if they take a leap and suddenly get , say , 50 % or 70 % of the votes that the conservatives did , they might have 1 mp or 0 mps or 10 mps - it depends where those votes came from . 
  yes !, 
  that 's why when they get more votes than the conservatives , they might take over the majority of their constituencies in a surprise move . 
   however i 'm considering switching my vote from left to more conservative parties . 
  i know a lot of people who consider something like that . 
  i 'm interested in the reasons as to why . 
  lewd, 
  you completly misunderstand my point . 
  my point is that if it happens , it will be a huge surprise . 
  no , i mean that if ukip gets more votes than the torys in the popular vote , then it 's also likely that they take over lots of local constituencies .
