and iceland !, 
  there 's an add-on called social fixer that i use . 
  you could n't have declared war before the british did , as your military was controlled by britain during ww1 . 
  to be clear which war are we talking about here ? 
  i think you missed the joke . 
  look who 's calling the kettle black . 
  hey how many superbowls have you won ? 
  kids , this is why you do n't leave your arm out of the car window . 
  you must 've visited up north then . 
  no , adding . 
  to my mouth . 
  but i love [ kebabs . 
  ] ( http://blackgirlinberlin.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/doner-kebab-mix.png ), 
  [ ding ding ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/breakingbad/images/3/34/tiosalamanca.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100516195603 ), 
  a united europe , though , could definitely hold up to the russians . 
  provided they spent 2-4 % on defense . 
  because if russia invades germany knows poland will be able to hold long enough for america 's forces to save germany . 
  it varies by state law as well . 
  [ most states ] ( http://drivinglaws.aaa.com/tag/headlight-use/ ) require you to use them anytime you have your windshield wipers on , and at night . 
  you jest but we have that for toll bridges here ( the cars get chipped ) . 
  the problem is that it would n't solve the problem because now refugees would just pay a middleman to get across . 
  because the germans like to walk in the shade . 
  any blood type is needed !, 
  if you 're rh - , you might be o - . 
  that 's the most useful blood because anyone can accept it . 
  did someone say freedom ? 
  the long con . 
  [ unfortunately it looks like he did end up demolishing it . 
  ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-05-12/farmer-who-built-castle-without-permission-begins-demolition/ ), 
  they 're paid by companies to promote or attack products . 
  in this case he 's a political shill bot . 
  it looks like the company he works for supports trump . 
  solves the problem of turkey being slightly in europe , so we should consider them for eu membership . 
  sounds like a southpark episode . 
  yes immigration is controllable but it also currently not controlled . 
  and fair enough on the following two points . 
  i do support a secure border and i also am pro-union . 
  i recognize that there is n't a binary point of view but there is a binary way of voting in this country and the republican party platform is as such previously noted . 
  and i like how you group all americans together and all french together like we 're all the same in our respective groups . 
  i prefer to think of the statement i made as making light of the situation in the form of a joke , and not reflective of of one nationality or political ideation . 
  now if i had said : `` let 's turn our tails and hold a white flag , '' then yeah . 
  that 'd be pretty french . 
  narcissistic and ca n't take a joke you must be a peach at parties !, 
  i 'm white . 
  i 've lived here my whole life . 
  and i 've been payed under the table as well . 
  here 's the point i 'd really like to drive across : the same people who are advocating for immigrants to leave the country are also anti-union . 
  the republican party does n't give a damn about labor rights . 
  i do n't disagree that we should n't ever repeat history . 
  what i am saying is that too often people bring up the past for no reason other than to further their own agenda . 
  do n't like immigrants ? 
  nazi . 
  disagree with something someone who happens to be jewish said ? 
  literally hitler . 
  when , on the same token , countries who have not apologized for or even recognized their own genocides get passed over . 
  why are n't we demanding they recognize their own tragedies and that they not repeat their own mistakes ? 
  germany is being penalized for trying to make amends . 
  point is it could be worse . 
  it 's not uncontrollable , they 're not avoiding labor rights , and the reason the middle class is n't growing is due to college debt and low minimum wage . 
  though i am in the northeast so it may be different in the southwest . 
  and like i said . 
  at least they 're not trying to kill us . 
  they are completely justified . 
  but if germany tried to start deporting refugees , the rest of the world would cry hitler because anytime they do n't constantly kiss ass the world brings it back up again like that scummy friend who just wo n't let anything go . 
  and while i realize that something like that should n't happen again , the world does n't bring up the armenian genocide , the circassian genocide , the rwandan genocide , the trail of tears and the list goes on . 
  you know half the people in the usa want to build a wall but they really do n't know how great we have it . 
  our immigrants do n't swing axes at us . 
  germany has already apologized ; it 's time for the rest of the world to accept their apology and move on . 
  i do n't completely agree with us policy , namely that we did n't help rebuild after we drew down in iraq but at least we 're doing something . 
  all you guys do is write a strongly worded letter , debate on it for a year and wait for it to go away . 
  even kosovo in the 90s . 
  that was in your backyard . 
  a genocide in your backyard and you did nothing . 
  we had to . 
  the next genocide when we were n't there , rwanda ? 
  that failed miserably when europe `` led '' the military to stop it . 
  so we may not get everything right but at least we do n't just stick our head in the sand and let atrocities idle by . 
  i was n't sure that people would get that i hate it that the us has a large military budget and therefore we do n't have free education or healthcare for citizens so i marked it with an s. it 's also a jab at other countries ' militaries and unwillingness to step into world conflicts , even with flagrant human rights violations present . 
  but someone has to step in and more often than not , we do . 
  i love not having universal healthcare or free secondary education because america has to play world police in every conflict since no one else will step up to the plate . 
  / s in case it 's needed . 
  what happened to `` never again ? '', 
  sounds like grounds for some freedom . 
  look at what happened in ukraine . 
  i 've been ready into the term a little more and it seems to come from the part of the left that panders to minorities too much . 
  and , as this last article you shared shows , minorities and women can be racist/sexist to . 
  it 's not about getting rights for those groups getting back at white people / the patriarchy it 's about getting complete rights for all . 
  but please know that not all of the left is like that and social issues like this ( also some economic ) is why you saw a dramatic rift in the party this last election year . 
  in summary of [ this snopes article ] ( http://www.snopes.com/2016/09/07/csula-segregated-housing/ ) , the community is for those interested in african american studies . 
  colleges have communities for students with different majors and interests . 
  they may not necessarily be major specific but say someone is a bio major , they could join the stem community . 
  they live in the same dorm as engineering students and physics students , which lets them meet friends who share their interests and potentially network for other jobs . 
  they also might have an exchange student community , which again might not just be for foreign students but also those interested in learning a foreign language . 
  i 'm sure the majority of the people who join this community are of african descent but it 's not limited to only black people . 
  i 'm also curious what he means . 
  ` regressive left ' is an oxymoron . 
  germany * is * part of the anglosphere . 
  i believe you 're referring to the people who live specifically in the appalachian mountains from georgia to pennsylvania . 
  yes , you are correct that it 's due to their isolation . 
  [ they 're just trying to recreate the landbridge ] ( https://2012profeciasmayasfindelmundo.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/inglaterra-unida-a-europa.png ),
