  i just do n't see how people can think there 's a british empire still when there 's no evidence to support people actually thinking this . 
  headlines are constantly filled with cutbacks , x amount of soldiers being cut , austerity , gov redundancies etc. 
  it 's hugely depressing if anything . 
   the results of the online poll of 20,000 people between 7 and 20 january organised by conservative party peer lord michael aschcroft were published in rupert murdoch 's british tabloid the sun on sunday . 
  i believe in this poll 100 % then . 
  also worth noting that the poll was from the 7 - 20 jan. . link the the [ full report ( pdf ) ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/lord-ashcroft-europe-on-trial.pdf ) for those interested . 
  it 's a bit like how people constantly assert in / europe here how britain thinks it still has an empire . 
  never in my life have i met anyone who thinks this is the case . 
  like the tourists you met , anecdotal observations are a tricky thing and do n't often reflect the entire views of 63m people . 
  it mentions university costs but it does n't mention how this was n't mentioned in any manifesto , or campaign on it nor did people gladly accept the rises , but were met with protests and demonstrations in the streets . 
  we 're reminded constantly how terrible the uk . 
  you just have to watch any news program to see this or visit this subreddit . 
  but hey , one article cherry picking poor statistics and anecdotal evidence say we 're all living in a dreamworld so it must be true . 
  is this just an ad for an independant scotland because it comes across as one . 
  and this move does nothing to prevent stop that and most fibre makes landfall in the sw of england - http://www.submarinecablemap.com/, 
  it 's part of an effort to streamline their euro operations . 
  they 're closing a few offices in other areas and consolidating them all to ireland so i 'd imagine they wanted tax to follow . 
   but it begs the question whether they 're really out of reach of spy agencies if they move to ireland . 
  they might be legally , but when has that stopped these agencies . 
  it does seem rather pointless when the nsa helped to create the tools and aided gchq in capturing the yahoo stuff and it was captured through tapping fibre , so it was n't as though the gov. 
  were throwing an avalanche of warrants at them requesting data . 
  nothing to do with them centralising their european operations and also moving [ their tax base to ireland ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/07/us-yahoo-europe-tax-idusbrea160y420140207 ) ... i 'm sure . 
  ah good i thought i 'd missed the eu vs. uk circlejerk . 
  always strikes me as a odd when pr campaigns mention how attractive their women are . 
  what 's the ` takeaway ' from this video ? 
  ego stroking ? 
  does poland have a bad image ? 
  so many questions . 
  he did n't call you a loser , he called you a ` sponge ' . 
   i did n't say they would have complete control , nor did i accuse you of saying such a thing . 
  i just think it 's premature for you to say russia and china will have more sway when there 's been * no discussion * on a new arrangement for governing . 
  i never said they were taken offline i said the us did a lot to try and hamper them . 
  [ wikileaks website pulled by amazon after us political pressure ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/media/2010/dec/01/wikileaks-website-cables-servers-amazon ) i just thought i 'd correct you on the `` china and russia are going to control the internet more '' as it came across a bit scare-mongery and as it 's something which is n't true and a bit premature considering discussions have n't begun in earnest on how it 'll be controlled yet . 
   europe can say all they want about surveillance , but under us control the internet has been a free speech zone . 
  icann is largely in charge of domains , it has little to with free speech . 
  i suppose they could revoke domains and the us does quite a bit , usually for counterfeit and copyright claims . 
  i remember the us putting tremendous pressure on any company related to wikileaks like amazon in order to hamper them . 
  the moving of icann is largely seen as an attempt to calm tempers of nsa surveillance . 
   countries like china and russia will now have more sway over the direction the internet will head . 
  why do you say that ? 
  talks of how it 'll be governed have n't even begun and will probably be the big talking point of icann 49 next week and for a long while after that . 
   google confirmed that the home office had been given powerful flagging permissions on youtube ** but stressed that google itself still retained the ultimate decision on whether to remove ** content for breaching its community guidelines . 
   `` to increase the efficiency of this process , we have developed an invite-only program that gives users who flag videos regularly tools to flag content at scale . '' just seems like they can flag content for review en masse now and get it reviewed quicker . 
  it 'll be interesting to see because i remember the italian gov. 
  making a case a few years ago that they had ownership of the statue . 
  seems it 's an old picture along with one they did of a gun pointing at mona lisa 's head . 
  guess they got their bit of publicity though . 
  not really if it 's something they do n't want the work to be associated with and it 's violating the law they have a legitimate grievance . 
  the trouble is a lot of the us fracking is being used as scare stories when legislation , regulations and safety are completely different in europe vs the us . 
  i 've not seen that at all . 
  i read that he said he was `` startled '' by the fire but nothing else . 
  exaggeration on your part perhaps ? 
   the model s is `` made intelligently , '' winterkorn * ( vw ceo ) * said . 
  the vehicles deserve respect `` especially considering that they do n't have vast experience in building cars . '' - [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-11/tesla-challenges-bmw-on-home-turf-as-germans-go-green.html ), 
   by breeding more children on an already crowded island ? 
  trolling is poor . 
  is n't that what most country 's aim for ? 
  to have a strong economy as possible ? 
  of course having the uk in the eu will always be a positive . 
  though i see from your comment history you seem to hate the uk with a passion . 
   delusions of grandeur in which they believe they can be a global power alone . 
  where 's anyone said that ? 
   british empire what ? 
   0 points ( 28 % like it ) ah , classy / r/europe . 
  what is the likelihood of this being a troll ? 
  high ? 
  strikes me as odd that it 's a brand-spanking-new account and this is the first thing posted ? 
  it 's not exactly a subject worthy of a throwaway account . 
  # if not i think you have to be careful equating the life of a student in the us to normal life in the us . 
  fancy a gun owners association wanting more gun rights . 
   i bet he would like to have his own nsa in germany , together with an internet filter like in the uk . 
  there already is the bnd in germany and i 'm sure many german isps offer optional filters like in the uk . 
  my apologies then i just get tired of seeing people asserting that the uk is somehow deluded into thinking the empire is alive and well . 
   not that the uk still has an empire , but that the uk has n't gotten over the empire . 
  i think you 're confusing * the uk * with a handful of ukip supporter 's opinions then . 
  and where are you seeing these people ? 
  from my experience on reddit it 's * always * non-briton 's who 're throwing out that tired idea that somehow britain still thinks it has an empire . 
  as though we 're all completely delusional is a little insulting to say the least . 
  most people from my experience have n't had this thinking and have n't for sometime . 
  it seems to just be a silly way of being dismissive . 
  really onerichbastard you having a beef against the uk ? 
  i do n't believe it ... 
  there may be - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark-sky_preserve, 
  uk here and it 's down . 
  always worth trying it on http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/wlfriends.org and it checks from elsewhere . 
  collecting someone 's ip address is n't the same as monitoring them . 
  i think ( at least to me ) ` monitored ' implies something for more reaching and sinister than simply seeing ip 's of visitors popping up . 
  by default most webservers will keep a log of ip addresses of those who visit a site for example . 
  it 's somewhat interesting they can gather that information but ` monitored everyone who visited ' it is n't . 
  edit : see below posts for better information on this . 
  your somewhat misguided thinking would probably go over better in your regular hangout of / r/murica . 
  i like how you include that you live in germany as though it gives some sort of authority or authenticity to your comments . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  [ god_ispoohbear ] ( / u/god _ ispoohbear ) deleted all his posts in the thread . 
   which eu states do n't have ties with the nsa ? 
  none that i can think of but the uk is exceptionally close to the us in terms of gchq/nsa . 
  sad thing is while i understand the reason for the exclusion it wo n't help uk & eu relations . 
  i do n't think that 's an option . 
  they 're specifically excluding the uk because of ties with the us/nsa . 
  that wonderful ` special relationship ' .
