  if he 's preaching austerity why would he get rid of a gold throne ? 
  that makes no sense when it 's probably an antique . 
  you could complain about the food , staff and other costs but the gold throne ? 
  come on ... 
  has n't the us revoked his passport so he ca n't really leave russia ? 
  mobs ca n't even destroy a building any more !, 
  it 's political correctness gone mad !, 
  david cameron is an idiot but i 'm pretty sure he did n't say journalism = terrorism . 
  where has the uk gov claimed this ? 
  seems like a very link-baity , deceiving headline from the author . 
  it was on the bbc ? 
  - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24387578, 
  at a guess i 'd say it 's hyperoptic - https://www.hyperoptic.com/web/guest/home, 
  ** uk ** speed : 8mbps/448kbps cost : # 18 ( 21.10 eur ) ( plus line rental of # 13.50 + calls ) no data limit ping :35 ms to google & bbc, 
  i never said those things did n't help nor did i say that the eu would be better of without the us . 
   `` i ca n't believe people here are so stupid when you say americans are stupid . '', 
  yeah . . 
  i 'm the insecure one . 
  sure . 
  your gripe just seems a little selective when you have bnd and the bfv trying to get a closer with the americans . 
  even the nsa described them as a key partner and they give information to the nsa for access to their keystore program . 
  i 'm personally against any spying only in exceptional circumstances and on a small scope to an individual with strong evidence to support it and certainly not any leaders/politicians for political gains . 
  i just find it a little silly to say you want the uk out of the eu based on a few peoples opinions here . 
  woah , calm down . 
  it 's ok to disagree with someone . 
  you really do n't need to accuse them of being brainwashed by propaganda . 
  it seems like you 're the insecure one here . 
  nope . 
  you were telling someone who said to leave the eu :  it is normal to spy on everyone . 
  the bnd have been spying on a large number of people but for some reason you want the uk to leave , but i guess they ( bnd ) get a pass ? 
  let 's remember that the bnd and nsa do actively exchange information with each other . 
  or the fact that merkel really was n't that fussed when it broke a few months ago of people spying on germany but when it 's her phone she has kicked up a bit of a fuss . 
  i take it you actively ignore the bnd spying stories ? 
  i do n't know whether i 'd go as far as calling it nice . 
  i just see it as a pragmatic agreement/deal between the parties involved . 
  my main gripe is this politician trying to peddle the spying as though they 're doing europe a favour , or that the us could have prevented ww2 if they 'd spied on europe more . 
  certainly in the us case here . 
  that 's why it always makes me chuckle when people mention the marshall plan or the lend-lease as though it was some altruistic offering from the us . 
  hah , that old chestnut . 
  if you look into most of those things you 'll quite plainly see they just happened to be in the us ' interest . 
  sad they all seem to revolve around war and conflicts . 
   if it was n't for the usa europe would be a shithole right now !, 
  how so ? 
  you knew about this the whole time with actual evidence ? 
  why did n't you become a journalist and break these important stories rather than your ever-insightful `` i told you so '' posts ? 
  i do n't think fracking is bad from what i 've seen/read . 
  there 's a lot of misinformation/disinformation that 's clouding a lot of the discussions around it . 
  why complained about rent in bristol ( a comment you 've since deleted ) a few days ago if you were living in canada just 20 days ago ? 
  i do find it a little odd you complain of the `` americanisation '' of the uk when you 've been living in america . 
  i do n't get it . 
  at the end of september you said you were living in canada and were moving to france . 
  what gives ? 
  how 's it a hoax ? 
  i 'm pretty sure she 's missing . 
  it is but i think the environmentalists are trying to chalk it up to a win for themselves . 
  previous quote in the story :  `` the eu said its leadership had led to the deal , but greens disputed that . '', 
  like i said utterly silly . 
  yea the internet does n't really work like that . 
  kind of like your suggestion to stop imports from britain because they only make `` bbc and a couple of car brands that no longer are in british hands i ca n't think of anything . '', 
  anyway . 
  just not based in reality . 
  i 'm all for gchq/uk gov. 
  being culpable and need to explain themselves but your suggestions of isolating people or even your more radical suggestion of wiping the uk off the map are just silly . 
  i 'm doubtful of that . 
  ons 2012 said harry and amelia were top - http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/resources/namesifographic120813_tcm77-323172.png i 'm not sure how frequently they publish updates . 
  wow , thanks for directing me to those subreddits . 
  they 're great !, 
  finally i realise i 'm not going crazy and reddit really is full of a lot of nonsense . 
  huh ? 
  i remember you saying about a week or so ago you had emigrated to canada and even listing things you liked/hated in canada and the uk . 
  why will you regret it ? 
  i do n't put much weight into articles which are laced with extreme condescension and american superiority-complex as this has . 
  it 's quite easy to make an informative article without resorting to it and it only detracts from his points . 
   and when you so easily dismiss his comment about nuclear weapons , do you not recognize that their is some merit behind it ? 
  were n't the fine sophisticates of europe the first to begin dousing each other in mustard gas ? 
  as opposed to the fine sophisticates of the us being the first to use nuclear weapons on civilian populations ? 
  the whole article is shallow and terribly condescending in a `` oh those boring europeans . 
  they 're insignificant '' - tone and i do n't care for it . 
  indeed i did and apologies all around . 
  just used to xenophobic comments on reddit now . 
  yup , because the acts of these few sad people reflect what everyone in britain thinks ? 
  sad to see / r/europe turning into the rest of reddit . 
  right , the uk only exports cars and the bbc ... sure ... 
  referring to your own comment ? 
  from what i 've read recently it 's not a terribly nice place to work - http://www.channel4.com/news/anger-at-amazon-working-conditions, 
  is n't that what reddit is all about ? 
  by `` fight-the-power '' you mean install a catholic theocracy through terrorism ? 
  i just listen to a few bbc radio stations ( radio 4 , 2 & 5 ) from the bbc iplayer but nothing apart from them . 
  so you ca n't really say the uk has the most cctv when figures for other countries are scarce . 
  the last link you posted is completely incorrect and is a well-known disputed number and the methodology to that number is flawed . 
  more recent and reliable numbers show it 's less than half that with most in private ownership and indoors . 
  please see - http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1gpyvl/edward_snowden_spoke_so_why_did_the_british_press/cammmxb, 
  what are the cctv numbers for other countries out of interest ? 
  it 's a pretty big leap from 1.8 m cameras to '' country with surveillance cameras everywhere . '', 
  90 % of which are privately owned and indoors . 
  also worth noting i 'm not sure any other countries have carried out a reliable audit of how many cameras they have . 
  that there are cameras everywhere . 
  ugh . . so tired of that nonsense . 
  thought i was in / worldnews for a moment there . 
  yup .
