i am not a big fan of saab but it looks nice . 
  what are your needs on a car ? 
  for that price range you might find a lot of cars . 
  if you want 3ds i have an aquablue with 3 games and game boxes and pouch . 
  old subies are awesome for the activities you do if you could find a clean one for your budget go for it . 
  when you choose the car on craigslist take a friend with you who knows about cars , mechanics etc. 
  ask the seller about the crashes did it take frame damage does it have rust problems and whatever the seller says check it yourself do a vin check or if there is a system in your country check with the plate number . 
  take the car for a spin and listen to it if it sounds strange theres a big possibility it has problems . 
  also when driving just make sure you liked it and it feels comfortable to drive . 
  if the car has only some cosmetic damages thats no big deal . 
  thats what comes to my mind for now . 
  other redditors would tell if i missed something . 
  so good luck finding it , 
  i understand you bro i am living in turkey too . 
  as an avid pokemon trainer i am literally devastated by rhe bankruptcy of nortec . 
  but i have some friends in italy and some other countries so thank god i can get the games . 
  how long have you been a gamer ? 
  a person of your kind stole my credit car info and used it to buy things on lol . 
  why would a player do that ? 
  also did it affected your relationship with someone ? 
  i think its possible because now apple teamed up with hermes on the watch look to the watch section on apple.com now they are selling a hermes version of the watch and i am planning on buying one . 
  this is actually offensive . 
  actually yeah volkswagen would be an awesome choice for these days after the emission crisis the stock prices are very low but after new models debut december ( i think ) it will go back up . 
  so it can be a good invest for now . 
  you are right they say its just the tip of the iceberg you should wait before taking some action . 
  i am a mechatronic engineering student . 
  i have been to greece , france , england , denmark , sweeden , russia , germany , usa ( i 'm from turkey ) , estonia and i am planning to go to switzerland this march . 
  have you been to turkey ? 
  if not are you planning to ? 
  thanks, 
  haha i wish but no we are learning to make simple robotics not gundam robots . 
  but if i find a way to do something like that i 'll let you know , 
  oh a young robot lover i would go for the lego mindstorms they are amazing to learn basic robotics but they are a little pricey, 
  thanks nice to meet you too , 
  hi of course i have it 's called baklava it 's a turkish dessert . 
  but if you are asking for something international i would go with the waffle . 
  hmm crusty belgian waffles yummy . 
  haha he knows what he needs . 
  i am trying to do the same but sometimes studies or other distractions do n't let me . 
  hope you enjoy wherever you go , 
  gim me some gim me some please :p, 
  thanks for the info i finally dld it . 
  hello !, 
  hmm i love all of them but i think my favourite is dialga also if i was a pokemon i think i would be zygarde or snorlax :p, 
  thanks for the warm welcome nice to meet you i 'm arda . 
  i started collecting pokemon toys when i was little and when my parents bought me a strange pokemon console ( official ) the dialga figure was with it and i thought it was a wonderful creature and as i played through the game with my dialga my love for it grow . 
  as rayquaza i am 6 ' 3 '' and i think it fits my personality too also snorlax its because i like sleeping much and i am a little lazy . 
  my favourite starter is charmender and its because the charmender was the very first pokemon i was able to play with so it was my first starter pokemon and the evolutions mesmerized me as that little cute thing become a humongous dragon i loved it . 
  of course i am !, 
  i am going to buy that bracelet too . 
  are you ? 
  you are right about that, 
  and the right one is my beloved hublot . 
  hello !, 
  hi there !, 
  classic watches are forever nothing can replace it even a beautiful apple watch, 
  haha act\u0131ally i would be happy if someone gifted me one and i own lots of watches from pateks to rolex 's, 
  thanks , 
  actually i just wear it on the same wrist to take a photo, 
  i ordered a mont blanc with a smart display on the bottom and thats what i am going to use, 
  hmm this is like asking a mother which kid she likes most but i think i would stick with mercedes g class, 
  thanks, 
  hi i am studying mechatronics, 
  thanks its great to be here, 
  i am a mechatronics engineering student . 
  thanks what are you studying ? 
  i want it for my brother he is a huge mario and pokemon fan, 
  - its a me mario, 
  also i want to play pokemon with my brother, 
  we would play the hell out . 
  we would play pokemon games mario games super smash bros zelda games and the list goes on with nintendo franchises . 
  and the road trips would be awesome times i would spend with my little brother . 
  thats awesome, 
  firstly i did n't wanted to make anyone mad don ' be offensive to me in the comments you do n't know me and i do n't know you being mad and behaving offensively wo n't make anything change, 
  i did n't know that thanks, 
  this makes sense but these people were not sent by someone they worked through their path and made their fortunes do you think an avarage worker could do a ceos job, 
  what about a calibre s aquaracer ? 
  hi anna welcome to the sub but may i ask you a question arent you terrified of spiders in australia ? 
  because i think i would faint if i went to australia, 
  in us dollars its close to 30k but the cars are extremely pricey here, 
  this my friends is an example of natural selection . 
  hello fellow student !, 
  hi there not so bad . 
  how are you ? 
  i have been looking for my first cruiser bike and came accross this bike in the sales site . 
  i want to ask you some of the things i am curious about . 
  1 - is it loud ? 
  2 - does it feel like heaven when riding ? 
  3 - have you had any issues with it ? 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i am 6 ' 3 '' and 190lbs so i dont think itll fit me . 
  hi there what is your favourite cartoon ? . 
  thinking about cars always makes me happy , 
  coolio : gangsta 's paradise, 
  nice my friends first car was lancer es it was the same chasis as yours . 
  we had a lot of fun with that car and it still runs great . 
  how did you do that i hope the third one never happens . 
  hi christina i 'm arda it 's great to meet you . 
  what 's your favourite book ? 
  wow she has been through a lot .
