  i wish you had celebrated the milestone . 
  well thats a choice too . 
  thanks for asking yes me and the driver are ok . my hands were bruised a lot due to broke window and crappy interior parts and that was the reason i was away . 
  now i am alright . 
  the deer crash must be a scary experience . 
  were you traumatised back then ? 
  i love minis too which model do you have ? 
  i was thinking about buying one but i hear a lot about their reliability problems what do you think ? 
  i actually dont have an idea . 
  i looked to a lot of cars but there are a lot of factors that affect me . 
  my parents dont want me to buy a flashy sports car but i do , i wanted a suv but they say its too big i dont know what to do . 
  thats a bargain for me . 
  in my country the best car you can buy for that money is probably a beaten up 1980 's crappy rusty old fiats and if you are lucky it may have a working engine only if you are really lucky . 
  did the insurance company said it was your fault ? 
  im glad you are alive , 
  aww that broke my heart a 67 mustang being crushed wish it was still in working condition . 
  hope the german engineering solves the problem . 
  also i am also anxious while driving through 4 way junctions thats where a red light crosser hit me . 
  the german engineering definitely saved my life the guy was driving very fast in his renault and i was in my fathers 1999 bmw 5 series . 
  this car is literally a tank he hit me with a speed a little over 110kph and only thing that happened to the car was a broken windscreen and a small dent in the front bumper and hood . 
  the renault actually bent . 
  what was that guy doing in the middle of the highway ? 
  also did the insurance payed for you ? 
  you broke a rule of being a gentleman by trying to open your mouth with food in it unfortunately these rules are like karma if you break one they will break you . 
  as far as i know women ca n't be freemasons . 
  yeah i heard that and now i am looking for them unfortunately they are expensive in my country, 
  i know pickups are nice but they are huge i do n't think i will be comfortable using one and crown vics have never entered my country, 
  you are right i am searching right now, 
  i am 17 years old and still growing fast thats why i asked . 
  and my legs do n't fit into most cars even if i raise the steering wheel, 
  thanks i am looking right now, 
  you literally have my dream trio, 
  i love mustangs except the fact that they cost 5 times the price you pay in the us now i made up my mind i will go to a random gallery and try the cars that i like, 
  yes sometimes, 
  i live in turkey, 
  cherokees burn a lot of fuel, 
  my father has a e class and i can use it comfortably mercedes makes some roomy cars, 
  thanks for letting me know, 
  yeah thats the problem with sports cars, 
  too big to drive in college campus, 
  i am looking now, 
  subies are pretty great but i do n't need a huge cargo space i 'm just a student, 
  unfortunately i hate jazz because of my mothers old one some bad memories with it, 
  i also do n't care about backseats, 
  i love wrangler too but too expensive in turkey, 
  yeah i 'm planning to buy a european one, 
  damn i do n't like the pt cruiser but i know anout volkswagens that have a lot of leg and head room . 
  chevy cavalier and pontiac vibe are unavailable here, 
  i actually hate cheaply built cars and the other two i actually hate both so i will be safe from them, 
  thanks, 
  thank god nothing happened that car is like a paper box, 
  aww such a nice personality, 
  i like the outback but it is kinda expensive here, 
  tacoma is unavailable in turkey, 
  amazing thank you for this, 
  oh sorry i did n't know that thanks a lot buddy, 
  rice rice baby . 
  that escalade makes me wan na vomit but i have to admit i have done that too, 
  i guess no one knows one, 
  thanks i will take a look, 
  i 'm on the waiting line too, 
  i believe he will be elected . 
  in my opinion many replicas are shit but this made me look again . 
  the guy put real effort on it, 
  thank you i will contact my friend as soon as i can and i will inform you with the vin too . 
  i thought that too but the odometer is right this car did n't move from its place for years . 
  and the checks come up matching too . 
  yeah i figured that bringing it back to life may cost some bucks but it definitely will worth it . 
  what car is that ? 
  these creatures should be destroyed completely in order to prevent a bigger chaos than the one at the moment . 
  when these things go extinct we will finally find peace . 
  thanks a lot just knowing that you are here makes me feel a lot better i hope i will ace the exams  i will get in touch with you when i can . 
  take care . 
  well that is a good idea i am planning to visit the psychologist too . 
  thanks a lot . 
  i would like to ask you something how did it impact your college i mean did you go to a good college ? 
  i just want to know more what other people did in my position . 
  well after this people will start seeing me as how i really am there is no energy nor time for being fake . 
  my ego ... i do n't know how to use that positively but i will try to . 
  incredible idea and looks so good well done sir, 
  probably yes, 
  maybe in asphalt 8, 
  i remember that there was a site dedicated for these kind of wallpapers.but ca n't remember the name will edit this when i remember . 
  edit : https://pokewalls.wordpress.com/, 
  like alejandro but he got a mega reject from ford . 
  looks like shit and it made me watch a fucking ad . 
  great job op you suck . . 
  i wonder how he got the address from a shocked elderly woman ? 
  my aunt has been living with my grandparent for more than 40 years . 
  even if they sound judgemental at first they love you as you are . 
  these situations are hard to accept for parents her reaction was normal . 
  stop bitching about millenials, 
  yes i did . 
  so what was your point ? 
  do n't listen to these guys you can easily get your hands on a concept with working engine if you have what it takes . 
  most companies do sell their concepts with full working specs . 
  well as you said he is a mechanic not a designer, 
  well made great car with the best chasis to date . 
  drive safe brother, 
  well like every other mod this is a preference i respect it but i am against it and thats me,
