  yes , we 're pissing them up the wall like no one 's business because of our failure to capture the revenues from it . 
  the consequence being that gina rinehart is now filthy fucking rich from the money that i and my fellow australians rightly own , but other parts of the economy are suffering under our high dollar which is caused by mining . 
  but all of that aside , the question is this : was fiscal stimulus appropriate ? 
  did it serve our economy ? 
  the answer to both is : yes . 
  without it , we would have had serious problems . 
  no amount of demand for our resources would have corrected for the damage to the economy . 
  we would 've had an exacerbation of the two-speed economy problem ( which is already * bad * , and would otherwise be * catastrophic * ) . 
  our structural issues would have become serious problems . 
  do n't let some neoconservative cunt let you believe this is because of china wanting our resources . 
  that helps , but it 's not the reason our economy is still on the rails . 
  of course , if you 're foolish enough to listen to tony abbott you may think otherwise , but needless to say , that is total nonsense . 
  i 'm from australia , where we focussed on growth * very * successfully . 
  the key to our actions was a very substantial fiscal stimulus : we borrowed and spent money into our economy , very hard , very fast . 
  that booted us out of the recession . 
  and we did n't give a shit about debt , because it 's not important when you 're in a recession . 
  let me repeat that : worrying about debt during a recession is ** not important ** . 
  once your economy has been stabilised and is growing again , * then * you can worry about solving the debt/fiscal issues . 
  what europe is doing at the moment with all of this austerity nonsense , is they 're cutting their own legs off . 
  how can you get your economy going when you 're engaging in severely contractionary fiscal policy ? 
  you bloody well ca n't . 
  and that 's why europe is * still * struggling after all of these years . 
  seriously , it 's been 5 years since the gfc . 
  it took us about 6 months to bounce back , because we stimulated our economy . 
  and europe is still in a recession , and getting worse . 
  austerity is europe 's problem . 
  you need to spend , spend , spend to get yourself going again . 
  forget about debt , forget about inflation - they 're not important when your population is starving . 
  once you 're on your feet , that is when you need to straighten up the books . 
  now let me be clear : debt needs to be paid down . 
  fiscal policy needs greater discipline . 
  tax avoidance needs to stop . 
  productivity and efficiency need to be improved . 
  but now is not the time to engage in economic hand-wringing and pearl-clutching . 
  now is the time to put a shot of adrenaline into europe to get its heart beating again . 
  it worked for us , and that 's why our microscopic population currently commands the world 's 5th biggest economy . 
  psychologically speaking , you 're probably right . 
  but what needs to be done , and what our psychology wants us to do are n't necessarily the same thing . 
  indeed , if they were , we would n't have a problem right now . 
  it would certainly provide a lot of amusement , particularly with very serious people getting their knickers in a knot about it . 
  but in reality , it 's not too surprising . 
  to me anyway . 
  if you look at the right wing , they 're not truly interested in disruptive young companies coming along and shooting their cash cows . 
  you think those riots have been massive by french standards ? 
   where is that stimulus going to come from ? 
  well the ecb should be stepping in there and doing it automatically . 
  but it does n't , at the end of the day , really matter . 
  hell , they could print money , and it would n't be problematic ( until the recession was over ) . 
   so , you want trillions sent down south without adressing the underlying issues ? 
  again , the underlying issues * do * need to be resolved . 
  but * not now * . 
  right now , these countries need to be rescued - that means people in jobs . 
  it does n't matter if it 's debt-funded . 
  it does n't matter if it 's `` inefficient '' , all that matters is that people are working and spending . 
  once the countries are stable and operating in a quasi-normal way ( i.e. , unemployment stabilised and businesses are running again ) , then * that * is the time to start working on reforms . 
  let 's get the patient 's heart beating again before we worry about putting him on an exercise regime . 
   but you were in a depression right , not a recession . 
  no , we were in neither . 
  we have had 21 years of continual growth . 
  the reason : we saw the shockwave coming in 2008 and immediately gave our economy an adrenaline shot . 
  we spent money in the short term ( cash handouts to every taxpayer ) , medium term ( insulation , school improvements ) , and long-term ( big infrastructure projects ) . 
   ... the maastricht treaty ... 
  i 'm not familiar with the details of the euro arrangements , but i do roughly understand . 
  but here 's the thing : it was 100 % predictable that joining your monetary policy together ( by having a single-currency ) but not joining your fiscal policy together ( i guess because of the maastricht treaty ) , there were going to be problems down the line . 
  but whatever , the solution is that you have to get internal transfers of money happening automatically . 
  i understand that 's the function of eurobonds , right ? 
   the euro is very wrongly constructed i agree . 
  though i do n't have strong opinions on the solutions ( because i do n't know the fine details , just the broad patterns ) . 
   as long as they are trying to join such different economies in a monetary union , without political and economic integration , it is bound to fail . 
  i reckon we 're actually in more agreement than we are disagreement , 
  so , uh , would anyone like some vegemite on toast ? 
   it is a recession , not a depression semantics . 
  do n't care , mate . 
   inflation do not make the giips countries competitive , which they need to be , in order to come out of the recession no . 
  that 's not correct . 
  they need * stimulus * to get out of the recession . 
  then , * once they 're out of the hole * , they need to become competitive and balance their books . 
  no one disputes that these countries are uncompetitive . 
  no one disputes that they have poor fiscal management . 
  but this is exactly the * wrong time * to address these issues . 
  why do n't we get these economies actually * going * again first ? 
  then we can worry about reforming them so they 're competitive . 
  by the way , i 'm from australia . 
  this is exactly what we did ( stimulus to get out of the hole , reform to stay out of it ) , and it worked for us . 
  which was completely expected . 
  this austerity bullshit is destroying europe before our very eyes . 
  it is economic suicide . 
  and indeed france made the right decision . 
   happens on the long run but this is not a long-run situation . 
  this is an emergency situation , called a depression . 
  once the depression is over , then the money presses should indeed stop . 
  actually , you make the debt less bad , because the debt becomes a smaller % of your economy . 
  also : there 's no problem with printing money . 
  inflation is not an issue if you 're printing money in order to get out of a depression . 
  well , possibly because if you look at what austerity does , you 've got a fair amount of reason to think it 's evil . 
  besides , now is not the time to fuck around trying to `` balance the budget '' . 
  now is the time to pump cash into the economies to get the bloody things going again . 
  once europe has restarted economic growth , then you can worry about luxuries like `` balancing the budget '' . 
  australian here : can confirm the hilarity . 
  [ here 's george w bush making that mistake and also nearly invading our country to spread democracy .
