  the problem was , that one summer it got so hot that the air-conditioning on the trains broke down , and the private company said `` it 's not in the contract , so it 's not our problem . '', 
  then sued the government for the cost of fixing the equipment . 
  classic `` socialise the risks , privatise the rewards '' situation . 
  fuck them . 
  food production and distribution is highly distributed . 
  water is not . 
  catchment management , treatment and piping it around are all very different to the way we produce , process and distribute food . 
  essentially , water is a natural monopoly , but food is n't . 
   ... when they 're perfectly content . 
  come now . 
  when has that ever happened ? 
   the us is trying to force a us based company this is not so straightforward . 
  these are multinational companies , and the us branch of microsoft ( which is only one segment of the multinational ) is probably not in possession of the data . 
  the people who have the data are an irish company called microsoft , who just happens to lease a lot of intellectual property to the us company called microsoft . 
  it 's a very ambiguous situation , which tax regulators have being trying to get a handle on as well . 
   we need strong unions , ~ ~ europe ~ ~ world-wide . 
  but we need unions to reform , change their ways of thinking . 
  i absolutely agree with this . 
  there has to be a counter-balance to the power of employers / `` business '' . 
  without such a balance , we 'll end up in real strife . 
  yup , it 's been well and truly stolen . 
  what else should their behaviour be ? 
  nothing . 
  what else should the regulatory environment be ? 
  better . 
  looks like we 're getting there though , which is great . 
  not when you account for all the mining and refining you have to do to fuel it . 
  funny how everyone seems to forget about that minor detail , is n't it ? 
  what a blatant * ad hominem * attack . 
  if you think he 's wrong about something , then spell it out . 
   was it the use of the word `` scumbag '' . 
  can i not call people from other regions scumbags ? 
  yes , that 's racist . 
  you 're racist . 
  go and take a good hard look at yourself . 
  i think you 've crossed over into straight-up racism there . 
  i 'm not okay with that . 
  did i mention welfare and housing ? 
  one of the greatest problems we have in this debate is the way people are oversimplifying and exaggerating . 
  yes , everyone needs a roof over their heads , everyone needs money , and education . 
  but capitalist fanboys fail to understand just how incredibly successful well-managed social support systems operate . 
  i know , because i 'm from a country where integration has been an * incredible * success . 
  because we did it right . 
  no , it 's not working . 
  but the reason it 's not working is not to do with the numbers of immigrants . 
  it 's to do with the almost completely absent mechanisms to get their socioeconomic level up to speed with the rest of us . 
  i.e. , we are not integrating them well because we 're not investing enough in making sure they can climb economically to a competitive level , purchase housing in the non-ghettos , have their kids reach the same potential as oh her kids . 
  all of that is tough and expensive , but it a ) pays for itself within a generation ( so it 's worth doing ) , and b ) it 's not a choice . 
  if you 're going to allow people in , you * have * to do this , or suffer the consequences . 
  and guess what we did n't do ? 
  that 's a 90 % reduction in immigration . 
  that 's pretty striking . 
  i 'm sure the remaining 10,000 they 're thinking of are nice wealthy white people who want to move from other nice wealthy white countries . 
  10,000 should be enough , right ? 
  yes , and that 's the idea . 
  they wrap up ideas that have a toxic , anti-social effect in a sugar coating of `` perfectly reasonable '' . 
  one has to stop and think for a moment and get through this layer before one understands why these ideas are so bad . 
  and they spend a lot of time trying to prevent people from stopping and thinking for that moment . 
  but to give you a simple example , i have a friend ( 19yrs old ) who lives with his parents and happens to be gay . 
  the parents support the fn , and the `` perfectly reasonable '' but truly awful things they 've said to him make my blood boil . 
  it 's so damaging to him personally , but he 's powerless to really do much about it . 
  he 's moving to australia now because he does n't want to be in france any more . 
  is this really what we want ? 
  for kids to flee to the other side of the world to escape their parents and their country ? 
  the fn is what social disease looks like . 
  on the other hand , you could vote in the nation 's interests . 
  it 's not the same . 
  you always see selfish , entitled prats voting to destroy the country because they 'll receive some fleeting marginal benefit . 
  c.f. , our dickhead pm . 
  left-right not a line , it 's a loop . 
  what 's the difference between a communist apparatchik or a capitalist monopolist ? 
  they 're both bad for the majority of people in strikingly similar ways . 
  i guess this will drive changes in the way bookkeeping/accounting works in order to provide automatic declaration . 
  after the initial whinge period , once the processes are in place , this could ( in theory ) be fairly straightforward . 
  after all , your bookkeeper/accountant has all the data available and verified already for tax purposes . 
  it was fashionably late , darling . 
  that 's fantastic !, 
  hmm , i should come and visit , 
  can you get by with only english in finland ? 
  that means about 10 % of the population is unemployed * without * any form of welfare ? 
  there is no way this can end well :(, 
  actually , the onus is on you to prove your assertion about volatility . 
  you are the one who raised that point . 
  as for being obvious , i do n't think you 're right about that . 
  you are assuming that the `` slowing down or actively discouraging '' trading will be a relevant fact for all types of transactions . 
  this is clearly not going to be the case , as for many types of transactions , this tax will be a negligible component of the cost , and will not in any substantial ( or probably even * measurable * ) way impede the ability of the market to discover prices . . 
   the stereotype may be that the french are sexually open or whatnot , which i guess is true generally , but you likely wo n't score with a french girl in france if you only stay a few days , because people do n't just sleep with anyone they just met . 
  french boys , on the other hand ...   , 
  what empirical evidence ? 
  has anyone tried this before ? 
  and why would it create volatility ? 
  by what mechanism ? 
  i 'm glad this started to work . 
  but i wonder how this would go in the larger cities ? 
  would building social housing in the bainlieus work ? 
  how would you enforce rules if some decided to break them ? 
  i found this a while ago , and chuckled : http://uglybelgianhouses.tumblr.com/, 
  there are only three things i know about finland : 1 . 
  the education system 2 . 
  tom of finland i have no problem with this .
