  this policy has been an ** absolute failure in every imaginable way ** . 
  our country and our name is being soiled by this policy , and we will pay dearly for it in time . 
  anyone who supports these policies needs to stop , take a good hard look at themselves , and reflect on just how powerfully and profoundly wrong you are at every imaginable level . 
  this must never happen in europe . 
  that 's becuse most of the time when an interaction between countries is newsworthy , some serious racism was in there somewhere . 
  he must 've gotten * such * a stern talking to from both the it and the accounting departments . 
  it was a great success up until a change of government who were in bed with microsoft lobbyists decided to screw it all up . 
  it 's not a coincidence , but neither is the relationship that straightforward . 
  the parent was correct in saying it 'd be more efficient to spend that money directly on science , rather than filtering it through an enormous military apparatus . 
  basically it comes down to the hand-holding test . 
  if a gay couple feels comfortable holding hands in public , that 's a significant milestone , which is much more significant than simply being out of the closet . 
  actually , there are quite a few parents these days whose attitude is very much that they 'd love to have a gay kid . 
  this would depend strongly on which country and social class you 're talking about . 
  but it 's not a rarity any more . 
  ron paul and his son rand paul are libertarian politicians in the us . 
  they believe a little too enthusiastically in the beneficial power of the markets , and disbelieve a little too enthusiastically in the beneficial power of good governance . 
  the front national are definitely walking down the same path as the nazis did . 
  i think the important point you 're missing is that greece recently changed its government in a rather dramatic and definitive way . 
  everybody agrees the previous greek government was utterly irresponsible . 
  including and * especially * the current greek government . 
  if i were them , i too would kick out the technocrats and advisors that had done such a poor job in the past . 
  it 's important to remember that germans are only hearing a very lopsided account of the situation . 
  due to the austerity-hawks throughout the german establishment and media . 
  i have no doubt that germans are being drowned with details on the ways greece screwed up , and ways greece is being `` uncooperative '' , etc. 
  all of which is obviously a propaganda war with the objective of getting greece to cave in . 
  but , fundamentally , beyond the messy details , greece needs to refinance its debt , and it needs to do that in ways its creditors are probably not going to like . 
  it 's no surprise the creditors are wheeling out the `` irresponsibility '' , `` supervision '' kind of patronising rhetoric . 
  okay , we agree on what 's happening . 
  but this :  lack of supervision honestly that 's pretty insulting to a sovereign nation . 
  ( i 'm sure they 're not just your words . 
  they 're certainly the words being used by others , and probably pretty widely ) . 
  but i think it reveals the approach people are taking - to believe that greece is immature and does n't know how to handle money . 
  and thus , must be supervised , presumably by the `` adults '' in the rich countries . 
  this line of reasoning is common , patronising , and wrong . 
  actually , they do n't . 
  they 've * explicitly * said that they have a solvency problem that had been treated ( prior to the new greek government ) as though it was a liquidity problem . 
  in other words , greece should not have taken on the loans that they did . 
  so therefore they do not want to take on any new loans . 
  they want to get greece going again instead of taking on more debt . 
  rather than taking on new debt , they want to restructure the debt they 've got , and link it to growth . 
  that would mean that the creditors and greece would then share incentives to grow greece . 
  but the creditors are being stubborn and stupid , and refuse to allow the debt to be restructured , even though it would be in the interests of greece , the eu , and possibly even some of the creditors themselves . 
  it 's obvious what 's happening here , if i may : i think the issue is that the politicians in charge of the troika + germany are being deliberately obstructive so that greece eventually runs out of money again which will apply immense pressure on greece to crack and comply with their solution , which is austerity . 
  the issue is that they are unable to see that austerity itself is an ideological failure . 
  it creates contractionary conditions making it harder for greece to pay its debts . 
  what needs to happen is greece needs to grow again . 
  but i think those politicians are far too stubborn and far too self-assured to change their tune . 
  they 're wrong but ca n't admit it . 
  land value tax , capital gains tax , a tobin tax . 
  these can bring in very large amounts without necessarily being regressive . 
  i 'm far from a tax expert , but there 's a whole lot of ways to approach the problem . 
  income tax is n't the only option . 
  that completely depends on what you tax . 
  i would watch the shit out of that . 
  ... said the english speaking german !, 
  for a moment i thought this said in the `` australian parliament '' , on the very same day that it 's rubber-stamping sweeping mass-surveillance legislation . 
  here 's one of our greens senators ( and minor total legend ) scott ludlam describing the clusterfuck that is in progress in my home country : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bprzfjkieom even if this resolution is just a token measure , austria , at least you 're not going in the same direction ( edit : as fast as ) we are . 
  the ferry will still be used for cars though . 
  and if this tunnel leads to more economic activity between the two cities , you may find that there 's more demand anyway . 
   putin has a massive 85 % approval rating in russia  boris nemtsov , had a 1 % approval rating you know , if i were a russian dictator , i 'd make sure to publish a generous approval rating for myself too . 
  we do n't want him . 
  he can stay in the closet and get none of our rainbows !, 
  tough-guy rhetoric . 
  leading otherwise intelligent people to really stupid conclusions since forever . 
  are n't these the same bastards that were in power when everything went tits-up in 2008 ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's the meaning that counts . 
  so what ? 
  everyone knows there must 've been an opposition . 
  turns out he would have made a good alternative . 
  then he got shot because putin 's a cunt . 
  does n't mean we ca n't observe that it 's a tragedy . 
  it 's a tiny , tiny island that we australians use to imprison refugees on an arbitrary and indefinite basis . 
  much like guantanamo bay , but for women and children rather than terrorists . 
  i am booking the fuck out of the next flight to stockholm !, 
  to be fair , ryanair hates all of their customers . 
  hey now !, 
  let 's be fair ... 
  the men are ugly too . 
  it 's encoded in our law . 
  it 's impossible to offer less than 1.5 x minimum wage on sundays . 
  it 's not going anywhere ... ( well , it 's possible , but very illegal . ), 
  the one effect it has had is that some * retail * businesses have chosen not to open on sundays because it 's not worth it to them . 
  but caf\u00e9s , restaurants , bars , etc. 
  are all open - which is fantastic !, 
  here in australia , when sunday trading was introduced , it made the place flourish with activity . 
  caf\u00e9s , retail shops , and people bustling about . 
  absolutely fantastic . 
  and the people working on sundays ( usually young adults/uni students ) get time-and-a-half ( 1.5 x normal hourly wage ) which is kind of handy when they 're at uni for the rest of the week . 
  note that sunday trading does not include most other businesses ( e.g. , tradespeople , factories , office workers , etc. . . ) , so if you have a normal 9-5 monday-friday job , you 've got the day off . 
  it has been immensely successful and everyone is happy about it . 
  * everyone * - i have never , ever met a person who thinks we should remove sunday trading . 
  there 's a whole day spare , where nothing is happening . 
  sounds like a perfect day to sell things to people who are busy during the week . 
  oh god !, 
  the pink tiles . 
  i 'll never commit massive crimes again !, 
  you misunderstand how tax works . 
  and especially how this fft works . 
   makes you less be able to survive or reproduce your understanding of evolution is wrong .
