is n't it time we started seriously blaming extremists like the front national for being so racist and exclusionary that it pushes these young men away from the mainstream ? 
  it 's such a painfully obvious process : they grow up being told they 're different and unwelcome , we undereducated them in shitty schools , and discriminate against them in the workplace and then we all act surprised when they 've become bitter about it and start looking for someone who appears to be `` on their side '' . 
  you 'd have to have rocks in your head to not see this process unfolding . 
  and it 's time that we start holding racists like front national responsible for accelerating this process . 
  guilty bastards that they are . 
  it will still be a thing . 
  but it 'll be like a wave that 's moved on from the richest countries , to the next tier of countries , to the next , etc. . . one day , probably a very long time after you and i have departed this earth , it 'll reach countries like saudi arabia , uganda , and the like . 
  and if we manage to screw our world up and life gets * tougher * for people ( i 'm thinking of the ipcc report that was just released from your shores ) , then we 'll see the wave roll the wrong way too . 
  ( in the same way as recent economic difficulty has reanimated racists and bigots in europe , for example . ), 
  that said , i actually find the coming out stories kind of cute . 
  there was an olympic rower just yesterday , and he is a total babe , 
  are * you * serious ? 
  you think that calling the police is enough to prosecute someone for assault ? 
  i do n't know what kind of orwellian backwater you live in , but where i 'm from the crime actually has to have occurred . 
  once it 's known to have occurred , * then * it becomes a question of motive . 
  that 's when the homophobia part comes in . 
  not before . 
  it 's not enough to just get on the phone to the police and make shit up . 
  guilty of what though ? 
  you do n't end up in a courtroom unless someone 's thrown a punch . 
  and punches * rarely * get thrown at gay people without homophobia being involved . 
  in other words , if there 's no homophobia , there 's no reason anyone would have to face these charges . 
  so it 's a moot point . 
  but on the other hand , without this rule , homophobes could beat up gay people and say `` it was n't because he 's gay '' ( even though it was ) , with the gay person having to prove it was homophobic . 
  why should the gay person be forced to prove that ? 
  what you 're saying is the law should never have any bias . 
  but that 's not possible . 
  in any he-said-she-said situation , * someone has to bear the burden of proof * . 
  and while homophobia remains a reality , it 's better that the burden of proof is on the attacker , rather than the victim . 
  after all , being gay is not a choice , but being violent is always a choice . 
  if you choose that , you bear the burden . 
  on the other hand , being free of homophobic attacks completely trumps freedom of speech . 
  so i really doubt this law is going to be problematic in any way . 
  if there 's existing demand , and no infrastructure in place , then your economy is being constrained by crap infrastructure planning . 
  because there 's no reason to believe this fight is any different to every other fight there 's been throughout history . 
  put yourself in the shoes of the people who are travelling from denmark to `` fight '' for isis - they 're bored , disaffected , angry young men looking for a purpose , and are promised that they 'll be fighting for a `` good '' cause . 
  they 're fucking stupid , gullible idiots who are getting involved in things they absolutely should n't . 
  but they 're not the same as the hardcore militant extremists who live in that warzone , have been air-raided their whole lives , have no education , and have committed those horrific acts of violence for the world to see . 
  the last thing we in western countries need is to leave angry , disaffected young men in our midst without trying * very * hard to re-integrate them into mainstream society . 
  what the danes are doing is smart . 
  i wish my country was doing something similar . 
  well if you manage to find someone amongst these danish guys who actually did that , then you have my blessing to lock them in maximum security prison for the rest of their life . 
  but that 's not who we 're talking about , is it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the tiny group of individuals the danish cops are concerned with did n't manage to butcher and rape thousands of people . 
  most likely they went over for a fight , saw some gunfire , shat themselves , and went home with even less of a clue who they are . 
  it 's those people who need rehab . 
  anyone who actually committed a crime needs to be imprisoned , obviously . 
  but that 's not what the article was about , and that 's not what i was talking about . 
  you 're making the assumption that they can not be changed , and can not be shown how destructive their ideas are . 
  this is a bad assumption , as there is plenty of evidence that people can be de-radicalised , as long as you * actually try * to de-radicalise them . 
  not all of them are going to be actual psychopaths like in clockwork orange . 
  and also , this rehabilitation is not the same ( long discredited ) shock-aversion therapy in the book/movie either . 
  this is more about dealing with the fact that people gradually become more and more radicalised when they have low social-inclusion , low economic prospects , and generally feel like unwelcome outsiders . 
  in my view , by trying harder to integrated them into the mainstream , you 'll do a much more effective job of preventing or dealing with this issue , than by just trying to `` catch the baddies '' like every retarded politician has been going on about . 
  ... and god bless conchita wurst . 
  the russian reaction was * priceless * . 
  now that 's something i 'm happy to get behind , 
  i think this is excellent parenting . 
  it was done for the right reasons , with the right precautions . 
  those kids will grow up with a sense of perspective that most other comfortable western kids would never be exposed to . 
  i 've been to those areas in israel and palestine too , as an adult , and it was both sobering and very much worth seeing . 
  the realities of violent conflict and oppression are horrific , and if those kids got to see the consequences of that ( they were not there during any period of active conflict ) , then that 's worth doing . 
  those kids will grow up to be fine adults . 
  you would be too if you were publishing the poll results yourself . 
  ... still cool . 
  well , even for a `` one sentence '' article , there 's still useful information in there . 
  it 's given it 's taxonomic classification , and three sources to follow up . 
  if you 're swedish and somehow need to look up that particular plant , then wikipedia will be a useful place to start . 
  and that 's all that matters . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  i suppose as a foreigner saying `` hey , how are you ? '', 
  is probably forgivable . 
  perhaps if i bat my eyelashes demurely with a wink or something . 
  wait ... do n't ask `` how are you ? '' ? 
  so how do you greet people ? 
  pray tell what the right propose to do about this ? 
  he 's basically just asking all the women in his country to post pics of themselves on holiday now , is n't he . . next he 'll say `` women should definitely not get their boobies out and take photos ! '', 
  while instructing his chief of staff to fire up instagram . 
  what a doucheface . 
  well , they are quite fetching . 
  yes , but from the perspective of the eu . 
  from a russian perspective , it would look more like `` restoring our rightful honour ! '', 
  and `` the eu are all wimpy fags ! '', 
  i 'm sure that 's true . 
  i 'm certainly no expert on the matter to say otherwise . 
  but this support may turn , and possibly suddenly , given that the russian economy is tanking . 
  if europeans manage to quickly wean themselves of russian gas , then that will compound the flight of investment that 's occurring as people extract themselves from russia as fast as they can . 
  as russians ' lives plunge into poverty , there 's going to be some loss of support . 
  but even taking that into account , putin is going to have quite a while in which to really make a mess of the place . 
  he * definitely * does not have as much support as the `` official '' approval ratings would indicate . 
  this is a risk for him . 
   they built the houses on their own without much of a plan . 
  that 's why zoning and housing laws exist . 
  i think this is the crux of the matter . 
  that 's nice in theory , but in practice , that does not work at all . 
  it 's significantly worse than being state run , because in the process of writing the contracts , the state ( who puts out the tender ) has to basically predict everything about the management of that resource and bake it into the contract . 
  if they 're capable of writing contracts that good , then they 're more than capable of managing the resource ( so why privatise ? 
  ) , and if the contracts are n't perfect , then there 's nothing that can be done to fix them on the fly ( particularly for 10 , 20 , 30 + year contracts ) . 
  on the other hand , if it 's state-run , and something unforseen comes up , then they 'll just adapt and fix it . 
  we had a practical example of this where i live , where the train system was quasi-privatised ( it 's owned by the state , but run by a private company through long-term contracts ) ...
