  had he not wasted public money like that , we would have been in a better position to have delivered the fiscal stimulus without going into nearly as much debt . 
  which was tiny anyway , but could have allowed us even more fiscal freedom , and enabled us to deliver things like the gonski education reforms which we * really * need to invest in for our future . 
  that 's why i described them as `` fucking idiots '' - because they are more interested in their small-government , neoconservative ideology than they are in the responsible management of the economy \\* . 
  \\* i 'm not stupid enough to buy into the fanciful rhetoric that the coalition 's the best at running the economy . 
  the people who are really in charge ( treasury ) are the ones who know what they 're doing . 
  `` delicacy '' , 
  this is a great idea and it should definitely be done . 
  part of our ( australia 's ) fiscal stimulus in response to the gfc was to build a national broadband network ( the nbn ) , which brings a fibre-optic cable into every \\* house and business in the country . 
  it 's awesome , and everyone who 's been connected so far ( it 's still under construction ) , is really damned happy with it . 
  but in general , our country can speak to the absolute success of fiscal stimulus as an economic measure . 
  we had a lucky mix of things going on : 1 . 
  really good financial regulation 2 . 
  * textbook * keynesian fiscal stimulus - we were n't afraid to go into a bit of debt to do it either \\* * . 
  continued demand for our resources from asia on ( 1 ) , we have all sorts of `` automatic stabilisers '' which each look after a particular facet of the economy . 
  the reserve bank handles monetary policy ( interest rates ) , the [ accc ] ( http://www.accc.gov.au ) enforces business regulation and competition , [ apra ] ( http://www.apra.gov.au/pages/default.aspx ) regulates the banks , [ asic ] ( http://www.asic.gov.au ) regulates investment activity , etc , etc. . . 
  this is all really good stuff , and it looks like some of the southern european economies would benefit from putting regulators like this in place to improve the stability , reliability , and performance of their economies . 
  on ( 2 ) , the stimulus combined immediate-term measures ( the gov ' t literally gave $ 900.00 to every taxpayer - a cash handout ) , medium-term measures ( built a whole bunch of school infrastructure , public works , etc. 
  ) , and long-term measures ( the nbn , the carbon trading system ) . 
  this is the * opposite * of austerity , and without this , our economy would have tanked , just like in europe . 
  i ca n't believe that `` austerity '' is even a thing . 
  what the actual fuck , europe ? 
  please kick out any politicians that advocate austerity - they do n't know what they 're doing and are destroying your economy . 
  which is bad for everyone . 
  on ( 3 ) , this is an external factor - we got lucky . 
  but still , europe has a hell of a lot to offer the world , and if you concentrate on delivering the things that only europeans can , you 'll do well . 
  my only suggestion here is that asia and south america is booming - get on that . 
  start selling them everything you can . 
  and finally , please fix your economy in the next couple of months !, 
  i 'm coming to visit for a few years , and i need a job while i 'm there to view your beautiful continent !, 
  those poor bastards who live in the middle of the outback get a satellite connection . 
  \\* * of course , the fucking idiot conservatives opposed this , and it was a bloody good thing they lost the fight . 
   having read his letter , he does not state ... um , that 's kind of the point . 
  this is true , but should n't form the basis of a criticism . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  in english , we have a similarly cute euphemism : tax minimisation . 
   he moved for business reasons . 
  that 's patriotism and commitment to one 's country if i 've ever seen it !, 
  knee-jerk stereotyping of muslims ? 
  well i never !, 
   i myself no [ sic ] better what i want my # 20 be spent on . 
  well , no , that 's not quite right . 
  you may know what you * want * your money to be spent on , but that 's not the same as knowing what the * best * thing to spend ( a fraction of ) your money on is . 
  you certainly do not have better information than the whole of government on where money needs to be allocated . 
  if we believed your assertion , you 'd be able to tell us how much of that # 20 should be spent on the national archives , on research , on unemployment insurance , on health insurance , etc , etc. . . 
  there is a whole platform of functions that the government provides that makes your prosperity possible . 
  things that you would n't have even considered . 
  you probably are n't even aware of most of the functions you depend on , directly or indirectly . 
  so , sorry . 
  you do not know best how to spend that # 20 . 
  the other # 60 you earn , well , you can spend that on whatever shit you want . 
  economic mismanagement does n't necessarily plague all countries . 
  in my country ( australia ) , we 've done quite well by ensuring that the important economic management functions are handled by independent statutory bodies ( e.g. , treasury , the reserve bank , asic , apra , accc , etc. . . ) . 
  the only exception here is monetary policy , but it 's basically overseen by treasury , and we 're lucky that politicians here are * petrified * of being perceived as profligate . 
  so much so , that our fiscal position is so tight that we 're slowing down the economy ( i.e. , our government is n't spending enough money , and it 's starting to hurt the economy ) . 
  when the gfc happened , we did a textbook perfect fiscal stimulus , went into debt , and our economy barely wobbled while the rest of the world got slammed . 
  ( we were also fortunate to enjoy strong and consistent demand for resources from asia , which also contributed . ), 
   are you an idiot ? 
  haha , you obviously do n't understand the implications of being able to issue currency , do you ? 
  now , to be clear , i 'm not saying that government debt is * always okay * . 
  that 's clearly untrue as greece could tell you . 
  however , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with a government going into debt for appropriate purposes . 
  for example , fiscal stimulus . 
  to summarise : - debt is always bad : no - debt is always good : no - debt is sometimes appropriate : yes, 
   except , how can anyone expect them to do so when no one else does ? 
  you would n't . 
  instead , you 'd write regulation so that they are obliged to pay tax where they operate . 
  this is a tricky problem though , and i have n't heard of any elegant solutions to it . 
  until a good solution emerges , we 'll continue to see this exploitative behaviour continue . 
   you can be damn sure every single one of them does this . 
  yes , indeed you can be pretty sure of that . 
  however , that is not a reason to accept the behaviour . 
  care to explain what 's wrong with a government going into debt ? 
   goverments are really bad at managing money distribution . 
  actually , they 're not too bad at it , provided expenditure is n't politicised . 
  and large corporates are n't any better at spending money either . 
  it 's all to do with size , and governments are typically fairly large . 
  but on the other hand , they 've usually been around a long time , so they 're mature . 
   how is it immoral to use the system to your advantage ? 
  you 're confusing legality with morality . 
  what they 're doing is perfectly legal . 
  it 's also completely immoral because they 're deliberately evading what the reasonable man would regard as their obligation to pay tax in the jurisdiction they conduct business . 
  the spirit , rather than the letter of the law . 
  people who use a system to their advantage despite ordinary people 's expectations are immoral by definition . 
   environmental kuznets curves are well-established they are also heavily disputed . 
  and the underlying principle of them is dubious . 
  i would argue that the curve is missing the part at the right-hand-side where inequality goes back up again ( i.e. , the occupy movement and all that ) , due to disproportionate wealth accumulation which leads to corruption and problems via 2nd/3rd order effects . 
   if this were true , en masse emigration and capital flight would n't be occurring throughout most of progressive europe . 
  i did not argue that we had actually * implemented * what we know . 
   at 75 % marginal tax bracket has vastly diminishing returns due to capital flight , localized investment opportunity costs , etc. 
  sure , i agree that this particular way of implementing taxation is pretty crappy . 
  but the principle of taxation is not . 
   i simply object to the notion that capital flight is evil and it purged . 
  i would n't have called it evil , but i think capital flight needs to be reduced as much as possible . 
  i am open to any scheme of taxation that addresses this ( e.g. , land tax , tobin tax , etc. . . ) in a smart way . 
  i 'm also interested in ensuring that negative externalities are internalised as much as possible . 
  i think one of the main issues is that some investment is made , risk and other externalities are splashed around , profit is extracted , then the capital buggers off without paying for whatever costs it has caused others to incur . 
   and you keep using the phrase ` distortion ' . 
  operationally define it as you 're using it . 
  this is the most interesting bit . 
  it 's about working out the value of things ( and therefore how money is distributed in the economy ) .
