  so there are * always * going to be a class of situations where what you say ( or do ) * must * carry consequences . 
  that means we will never ( regardless of what country we 're in ) , have * absolute * freedom of speech . 
  our speech will be limited in some way or form regardless . 
  and that 's both a necessary and a * good * thing . 
  so what we 're * really * talking about here is * where * do we draw the line of freedom of speech ? 
  at the moment , america is * pretending * that freedom of speech is absolute . 
  it 's not . 
  that 's a delusion . 
  ( try making a bomb joke at an airport . ), 
  other developed countries do n't bother pretending , but instead are honest about where the limit is . 
  there 's a limit , there 's got to be a limit , so let 's talk about it like adults . 
  so forget about `` freedom of speech '' . 
  let 's talk instead about the limits of speech . 
  where are they ? 
  where should they be ? 
  what 's okay ? 
  what 's not okay ? 
  the one thing americans need to do is just understand that `` freedom of speech '' is n't a universal , god-given , flawless principle . 
  even if you want to stick with it ( which is fine ) , at least acknowledge that it 's imperfect . 
  but what about tin tin ? 
  monoprix . 
  monoprix everywhere !, 
  this actually sounds pretty good actually . 
  if you find out when the next one is , lem me know !, 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  i think the problem here is that the terms of the agreement were not set out properly . 
  the father had one idea , the mother ( s ) had a different idea . 
  what we need to avoid ugly situations like this in future , is a set of conventions ( that are tested by time and experience ) which back up an explicit agreement from the parties involved . 
  i think these agreements should be publicly registered ( before the sperm donation ) , and would add clarity for everyone . 
  these are basically the same criteria anyone would use when choosing a partner . 
  why would it be any different for a sperm donor ? 
  why would n't heterosexual couples adopt , rather than having their own ? 
  but your parliament will still be okay , meaning your country is n't about to have a constitutional crisis and fall apart , right ? 
  is that per month or per fortnight ? 
  we have a very , very similar system in australia , called superannuation . 
  you have a marketplace full of super providers to choose between , and they usually have options on how it 's invested ( e.g. , high-yeild , low-risk , balanced , ethical , etc. . . ) . 
  if you 're saying that you specifically want to choose the individual places you invest your money , then i 'd say two things : 1 . 
  if you really want , you can always set up your own ( we call it a `` self-managed super fund '' , not sure what the swedes call it ) 2 . 
  do n't be overconfident of your own investment abilities purely because you 're uncomfortable with the idea of government anything ( a problem i 've noticed some americans seem to have ) . 
  99 % of the time the marketplace already has very good options in it . 
  i think this is a bit misleading . 
  as other people have pointed out , this does n't include perks , corruption , bribery , etc , nor does it account for relative cost of living . 
  also it 's denominated in dollars , rather than euros , for some reason . 
  surely the idea would be to : 1 . 
  pay politicians well ( to attract good talent ) , and compensate for : 2 . 
  eliminating perks , except for things that are purely to do with carrying out their duties ( i.e. , a small budget to pay for staff , office expenses . 
  fully audited , transparent , and publicly disclosed , of course . ), 
  removing , or dramatically limiting political donations or gifts . 
  requiring them to be publicly disclosed . 
  enact serious penalties for corrupt behaviour . 
  public oversight with a public-interest advocate who can prosecute for breaches of public trust . 
  what do you think ? 
  as a foreigner : surely if the government falls , the main opposition party will take power to replace them , right ? 
  this should n't be catastrophic to italy , just berlusconi 's party , right ? 
  i find that veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery hard to believe . 
  eu average or not , you guys do smoke a hell of a lot . 
  it was one of the first things i noticed when moving here ( to lyon from australia ) that there seems to be very few people who do n't smoke at all . 
  i 'm from australia , so i miss vegemite on toast ( seriously , it 's amazing ) . 
  i 'm living in france , so i 'm enjoying pretty much everything ( but in particular the bread and the cheese are otherworldly ) !, 
  they 're also enormous , and do n't fit into any slimline wallets . 
  their purpose is to represent value , they do n't need to be so big . 
  also , how come they are n't made of polymer yet ? 
  but you need to understand that at the moment palestine can not grow into an open , stable , free society because the israelis are throttling them . 
  the israelis assume all of the land actually belongs to them , when it does not ( according to international consensus ) . 
  so they treat the palestinians on that land as though they are a `` problem '' that needs to be constrained . 
  some extremists may go so far as to say `` eliminated '' . 
  a simple example : the water supply to palestinian cities is only switched on by the israelis twice per week . 
  the palestinians have big water tanks above their buildings which they desperately fill using pumps whenever the water comes back on . 
  this does not create an environment of stability and happiness . 
  it does not create the conditions of peace . 
  and it 's directly the fault of the israelis . 
  if the borders are reinstated , and everyone keeps to their side of the border , the israelis only lose land they alone think they 're entitled to . 
  and the palestinians gain the ability to grow and prosper in their own right . 
  both would gain from peace . 
  in palestine , if you 've ever been there , you 'll see the potential for a bright future . 
  but you 'll also see that potential being suppressed by the israelis . 
  that 's the reason for the negative attitude . 
  though i 'm glad you did n't use the word `` hate '' - we do n't hate israel or israelis , we just want it to behave better . 
  ** or ** you can fly from nice airport to monaco on a helicopter for $ 100/ea and it takes 7 minutes . 
  ( source : was on holiday there 3 weeks ago . ), 
  also interesting : monte carlo is a district within monaco . 
  i have a photo with some friends eating monte carlos ( biscuits ) in monte carlo , and i 'm fucking chuffed about the whole thing ^_^, 
  that 's good to know , and as expected , 
  i must admit , i really have no idea how much cows weigh . 
  but the [ red kangaroo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_kangaroo ) gets close to 90kg and 6 feet tall . 
  they 're big bastards . 
  i wonder , with high-speed trains , what happens if there 's a cow in the way . 
  i mean , there 's 0 % chance of being able to stop in time , so they may as well just plow through , right ? 
  but how does the train handle that ? 
  how big of an animal can it plow through ? 
  a cow ? 
  an elephant ? 
  or is the idea to keep cattle out with fences ? 
  in which case , an intact fence is extremely important . 
  what would we do in australia , where cow-sized kangaroos can easily jump 3m fences ? 
  no one gives a flying shit if farmers have a gun for whatever . 
  no doubt they have legitimate uses for them . 
  but that 's got nothing to do with it . 
  i 'm talking about the `` derp , got ta protect mah family . 
  ` murica ! '',
