  which is cute , because in reality , it 's not governments , but people like rupert murdoch ( news corp/fox news/etc ... ) who are doing exactly that . 
  governments are being infected as a secondary effect . 
  of course , it does n't matter who 's controlling the truth . 
  the fact that someone 's controlling it is what is terrifying . 
  you must misunderstand what he 's getting at . 
  the huxley part means we 're off distracting ourselves with meaningless bullshit while the orwell part is the 100 % surveillance and control . 
  there have previously been discussions about which of these two nasty fates we 're facing , and doctorow 's point is that turns out to be both . 
   would they be able to convert their euro debt into their new currency and inflate it away ? 
  i think you 're right . 
  and they may be able to * re - * denominate the debt in the new currency . 
  i imagine this would require an agreement with creditors , probably with a promise not to devalue the currency . 
  then they should devalue the currency anyway . 
  because seriously , they 'd be mad not to . 
  but aside from the debt , there 's the structural issue caused by the euro , where their productivity is suppressed by it . 
  and i think that part would be solved by having their own currency . 
  they truly screwed everything up , did n't they ? 
  i do n't know much about it , but if catalonia would be outside the eurozone , then they 'd have their own currency . 
  in that case , they could immediately devalue it ( by printing a bunch of money ) , copping the inflation , and be on the path to economic growth again in a couple of years . 
  this sounds like an amazing deal for the catalans . 
  his statement is a matter of opinion rather than a matter of fact . 
  and his opinion makes him an asshole . 
  i hope he gets hit by a burning tyre . 
  i would have thrown a burning tyre at him . 
  what an asshole . 
  in his defence , our ( second - ) last prime minister , julia gillard , was similarly mocked and abused in a way that was personally damaging , but had nothing to do with her professional abilities . 
  i think right-wing news likes to attack people on stupid things like this in order to undermine the person professionally . 
  on the one hand , it 's harmless fun , on the other hand , it 's extremely base politics . 
  i would much prefer that people mocked hollande on what he 's actually done or not done . 
  that is correct . 
  and that is why regulation is required to align the profit motive of businesses in our economy with the interests of broader society . 
  when they are misaligned , then we adjust the law to fix it . 
  ( a simple example is food safety : a profit-seeking enterprise may be interested in cutting corners on food safety , but regulation ensures they meet minimum standards of safety and quality . ), 
  that 's the reason why people talk about policy and regulation so much . 
  because the rules matter . 
  in this case , financial institutions have departed very far from the role that we ( as a society ) need them to fill . 
  the solution is to adjust the rules to bring their behaviour back in line with society 's interests . 
  that 's why we 're even having this discussion in the first place . 
   financing and subsidiary services ( trading , hedging , exchange ) is what bankers do . 
  what they do , and what they * should * do ( for the sake of broader society ) are two things that only overlap a little bit . 
  no one disagrees that finance ( in the sense of making capital available to those that need it ) is a useful function . 
  but if you think that 's where it ends , then i 'm afraid that a lot has happened since the 1960s . 
  there 's something amazing about the idea of a banker walking into a subway full of vikings , and the place falling deathly silent ... 
  wait , so i wonder if you could break out and just defer your prison sentence until , say , you 're on your deathbed . 
  you mean he 's not already ? 
  did you mean ethically or ethnically ? 
  or both ? 
  on the other hand , rejecting their candidate status still sends a powerful signal to them . 
  next year , if they want to try again , they 'll have to show they 've cleaned themselves up . 
  this is for children who are going to die in the next few days/weeks of a disease that is incurable , and where they will endure great suffering before they die . 
  it 's not about whether or not the kid will die . 
  that 's already locked in . 
  it 's about whether the kid has to be forced to suffer until their body gives out , or whether the kid can have a quick , peaceful death surrounded by family . 
  i agree , but it 's still a step forward . 
  actually , i think the exact opposite . 
  this is intended for terminally ill children who are going to die in an unpleasant way . 
  i imagine most parents would want to prevent the unnecessary suffering in the last few days . 
  i imagine almost no parents would * not * consent to this . 
   you know like getting into university . 
  best person for the school . 
  the quotas exist in america for example . 
  research affirmative action . 
  i never said anything about university . 
  that should remain merit-based . 
  i 'm talking about schools - primary and secondary . 
  if a migrant kid has a brain and good schooling ( which every kid deserves ) , then they should have no problem getting into uni or getting a good job on their own merit . 
   i do n't care . 
  i did n't ask them to come here , i do n't owe them anything . 
  if they do n't like it they are free to leave . 
  if i am unwelcome somewhere i wo n't go there-simple as that . 
  well , you can take that view , but you 'll just be unhappy all the time . 
  a more pragmatic approach is to recognise that they 're here , they 're not going anywhere , that it 'd be better for everyone if everyone blended and assimilated . 
  hating people all day is tiring . 
  and it blocks you off from a lot of really good potential friends and relationships . 
  ( not to mention that mixed race kids are hot and smart ... just saying ), 
   best kid for the school , best man for the job what ?!, 
  best kid for the school ? 
  what do you think public schools are for ? 
  they 're for * every * kid , and they 're supposed to ensure that every kid has a chance at being the best man for the job . 
   it 's not fair that they have a quota what quotas are you talking about ? 
   everyone should be equal . 
  right now , usually immigrants have the privilege . 
  so they wo n't assimilate . 
  they like it that way . 
  i think you 're dramatically underestimating how hard life is for immigrants , and probably overrating how hard you think life is for yourself . 
  fact is that everyone struggles , and having natives discriminate against you does n't really make anyone feel welcome in a place . 
  okay , so what are you going to do to ** help ** the assimilation process ? 
  scream at them ? 
  accuse them of things ( whether they 've done them or not ) ? 
  stereotype them ? 
  take the stupid things that the * stupidest * migrants say , and treat even the best , smartest migrant as if they 've said it themselves ? 
  ( e.g. , `` all muslims want sharia law '' ) or are you going to try and connect with them socially , include their children in your schools , ensure they have economic opportunities , etc ? 
  after all , if they can get a good education and a good job , then that 'll probably help , right ? 
  puritanism . 
  erm , what 's the point of closing the gates ? 
  the people are already here . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  kick them out ? 
  kill them ? 
  or are you smart enough to figure out that the only way to reduce the problem is to work on assimilating them into our cultures . 
  socially and economically .
