  attitude . 
  the idea that the solution to social problems is lethal weaponry . 
  the idea that one day you 'll hold your government to account ( lol ) by exercising your second amendment . 
  that 's the part where the us has quitely departed from reality . 
  that 's the `` gun culture '' that you 've got a problem with . 
  and that 's fricken obvious to everyone but yourselves . 
  if you think that 's `` sanctimonious bullshit '' , then you need to take a long hard look at yourselves . 
  that 's really concerning . 
  i agree - automating things would be a good idea . 
  even just having a computer `` co-pilot '' who can tell the driver `` hangon , we 're in an area with a speed limit we 're exceeding '' , sounds ( at first glance ) like it would 've prevented this incident . 
  see here 's the problem : it actually * is * obvious - to absolutely everyone except americans . 
  but because there are so many americans , comments that say things like `` it 's obvious '' get downvoted to hell and back . 
  this is why reddit is too american . 
  the idea that guns are a good thing is radical , fringe thinking , globally speaking . 
  the us considers everything under its jurisdiction . 
  why was the train travelling more than twice it 's speed limit ? 
  surely this is the single most important thing to know ? 
  but not everyone 's going to be in a rush . 
  they probably want to stop and have a nice lunch somewhere , check things out . 
  they 're on holiday , you know ? 
   everyone is trying to project the image of a cigar smoking diplomat discussing geopolitics in a drawing room with some passing witty remarks which offhandedly display knowledge about european history and philosophy . 
  gawf gawf old chap i dare say what we 're facing now is like the second half of the 30 year war , we need to triangulate against the russians i say !, 
  triangulate !, 
  to be fair , that 's exactly what the actual diplomats are trying to do . 
  they just get paid a lot of money for it . 
  in australia we say `` christ on a cracker '' . 
  we would probably arrest him at the airport and cravenly hand him to the americans to be tortured within minutes . 
  apparently they were n't signed or authorised , so they 're not valid . 
  and france . 
  exactly . 
  i completely agree . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  but if your money is in an ordinary deposit account , it 's different . 
  as annoying as that is , it 's better than nothing . 
  and there 's nothing ( in theory ) stopping us from writing another piece of legislation that somehow recovers previous costs . 
  so , it 's a step forward , at the very least . 
  explanation : that was a self-deprecating joke . 
  the `` for once '' implies that britain does n't do anything well . 
  it was also quite funny , so i upvoted / u/formerwomble on your behalf . 
  you forget that all corporations are mini-communist states internally . 
  no , just that the obstacles only consist of about 1.8 % of the distance . 
  ( and most of the complexity ), 
  98.2 % of the way ? 
  surely 98.2 % of the way is straight highway ? 
  pretty sure it 's the last 1.8 % which is the hard part . 
  what a useless statement . 
  damn , that boy is cute !, 
  pretty damn sure he 's outrageously fucking off-the-charts gay . 
  and fierce as all hell . 
  imagine him and ru paul together . 
  i would watch the shit out of that . 
  source : gay dude . 
  if the women were doing things as stereotypically masculine as this clip is stereotypically feminine , then it probably would be considered lesbian . 
  and i oppose moral panic , because to endorse moral panic is to endorse stupidity . 
  regardless of the particulars of the matter . 
  well , to be fair , in english it 's really more of a polite thing to say than an actual description of the country . 
  it 's meant to indicate that you ( the bigger country ) shows respect for the capabilities of the smaller country . 
  well , unless they 're actually doing on-the-fly decryption , then there are certainly ways to communicate with other people without having every last byte of data swallowed by some extra-legal spy agency . 
  what ? 
  there is nothing good about allowing the ruling party free reign to pass whatever laws they want . 
  the senate was removed in the state that i live in in australia , and it led to some of the worst abuses of power you 've ever seen . 
  by all means they should reform the senate , but remove it ? 
  that 's the worst idea i 've ever heard of . 
  it 's uncanny how similar this is to 1984 . 
  i do n't think this is about `` expanding '' or `` big '' government , as though `` small '' government was the solution . 
  you could just as easily accuse `` big corporate '' , if you were ideologically predisposed . 
  this is about institutions going feral over a long period of time - because there was not enough oversight , transparency , criticism , push-back , and appropriate legslation . 
  a significant part of that is the fault of the guileless us voter , who failed to maintain a healthy democracy . 
  we need government , and we need it to work properly . 
  if it 's broken , we must fix it . 
  the libertarian solution of saying `` it 's broken , let 's kill it '' is crazy , is part of the problem , and simply wo n't work . 
  instead of wasting everyone 's time pushing the neoconservative or libertarian barrow , do you think it might be okay if we cooperated to fix what we 've got ? 
  we kinda need it to work for us . 
  hence the zombie movies and republicans . 
  lawl . 
  that 's the kind of thing one of those very serious people would say to try and scare neoconservatism into the dull and unwitting . 
  the reality is that france works beautifully . 
  its mixed economy may really get right wingers all flustered , but the country works beautifully , the place is amazing , their technology is world-leading , their culture is a massive export/tourism industry . 
  are you saying it 's not ? 
  well , if a country as beautiful and modern as france has n't got a `` working economy '' , then i 'm afraid i 'm not 100 % sure what the point of your idea of a `` working economy '' would be then . 
  food ? 
  child rearing ? 
  the way death and aging are treated ? 
  attitudes about work ? 
  these are all legitimately points of culture . 
  none of them are about entertainment . 
  are you saying that all culture has to be entertainment ? 
  but they are held to an excruciatingly high standard . 
  cause it works ? 
  do you not have capital gains tax in germany ? 
  my personal belief is that income tax should be low , vat/gst should be low , but economically parasitic rentseekers should be taxed until they 're within an inch of their lives . 
  my landlord has lived at the expense of my hard work for the whole time i 've lived in my apartment . 
  he does n't know what the word `` crisis '' means , the rent increases no matter what . 
  here 's the reality : money moves around , and sometimes it has to move regardless of whether we like it or not . 
  i do n't like paying rent . 
  you do n't like paying for the arts . 
  well tough luck to both of us : unless something dramatic changes , they 're both necessary . 
  no , that would not be reasonable to say . 
  there are several factors at play in our economy : - sound fiscal management - solid resource demand - balanced budget at the time of the gfc - and of course , the textbook perfect fiscal stimulus . 
  indeed we are lucky that we have resources that are in demand .
