  this is a misdirection . 
  if he thinks that , then he should stay in france and vote for a change in the law . 
  if he decides he does n't like french law , he should leave . 
  staying in france , benefitting from its economy and society , yet deliberately shirking his responsibility to contribute back is parasitic . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think there 's a problem here . 
  economics has a serious problem if a perfectly reasonable statement about rich people contributing back to the society they live in is considered insane . 
  you 're confusing prescriptivism with observation . 
  the observation is : if the goal is to find an outcome both sides can agree with , then it 'll probably go well . 
  if not , it 'll probably go badly . 
  it 's assumed that the goal is for it to go well , hence the word `` should '' . 
   arguing them in a civil manner when a situation is described as `` polarised '' , it specifically implies the elimination of common ground , and the corresponding desertion of civility . 
  `` polarised '' discussions are awful and counterproductive . 
  they are the opposite of civil . 
  the best discussions are those with differing opinions , but where the polarisation is minimal . 
  in a democracy the state is supposed to represent and act on behalf of the people . 
  that 's in a democracy , of course . 
  rather than whatever we 've got . 
  it will go as it always does right after a country is ruled by a tyrant : chaos . 
  or maybe the idea of a bearded lady winning was just so fucking great that how could you not vote for her ? 
  seriously , who would n't ? 
  it was just perfect . 
  the song was great , the makeup was great , and everyone knows how much it 'd piss off all the homophobes , especially that dickhead , putin . 
  oh , no i did n't mean political apathy . 
  i meant just not caring so much about stuff that does n't affect you . 
  straight mps letting it pass because the one gay mp feels strongly about it . 
  sigh ... 
  if only it worked like that elsewhere . 
  politicians really need to stop thinking they have any business involving themselves in peoples ' sexual lives . 
  it 's the slowest , but it 's also the most definitive way of change . 
  a lot of things progress one funeral at a time . 
  which is sad , but a fact nonetheless in many cases . 
  you mean : * you * do n't care . 
  another approach would be to tax them at the maximum possible rate ( i.e. , on their gross revenue ) , and allow them to deduct anything they can prove is legitmate ( i.e. , legitimate , justifiable costs ) . 
  that way the burden of proof is shifted onto them . 
  put in a threshold revenue point ( say , anyone with revenues  $ 10m ) , so that smaller companies are n't overburdened with compliance costs , and/or make the submission process really streamlined for simple businesses ( like the flower-pot guys ) . 
  then , even if you have to grapple with what should and shoud n't be counted , at least you 've got good data on the table . 
  then the problem boils down to a political shit fight . 
  except for the ones that are #hometovote !, 
  which , incidentally , is the sweetest , loveliest thing i 've seen on the internet !, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  if you 're a gay irish citizen , this vote may give you the right to wed your same-sex partner back in ireland . 
  that may not be possible wherever you currently live . 
  is n't having citizenship an appropriate measure ? 
  why should it matter where you live ? 
  if you 're a citizen , it 's your country . 
  also , people who 've lived internationally are more likely to make balanced decisions , but that 's clearly my biased view . 
  hey , if that 's what it takes to prove you 're okay with gay people , then prove away !, 
  i want to thank you for bringing this glorious thing into my life . 
  superficially this sounds like a reasonable idea . 
  hopefully they 've got the details right and this law is simply an representation of existing best practices . 
  if so , good stuff !, 
  hey , now !, 
  not everyone can conquer invaders with only 300 guys . 
  that 's changing though . 
  the millenial generation is the largest generation since the boomers , and soon when all of the millenials are of voting age , things are going to dramatically change . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that it 's so short . 
  french is not famous for being conservative with letters . . 
  what does the word mean ? 
  call me picky , but providing a justification for each request should be a bare bloody minimum . 
  it 's not ? 
  what the new greek government wants to do is refinance their debt ( so they can pay it off more gradually ) , and invest money in growth . 
  if greece grows , then it 'll have greater ability to service the debt . 
  it 's very simple . 
  but if you 're a creditor of greece , then you 're not going to be happy about the debt being paid back more gradually . 
  hence the conflict . 
   why ca n't we just let them come ashore ... because as soon as they reach your shores they have rights , and your nation has obligations ( under the refugee convention and others ) . 
  that is why we 're pissing away billions - to stop them from even * touching * australian soil . 
  it 's not just simply a matter of our retarded politicians fucking things up . 
  there is literally no way you can have this kind of policy that does n't end badly . 
  i do n't know if anyone knows the numbers apart from the government itself , who are concealing the numbers deliberately . 
  however , i suspect it is not having much of a deterrent effect at all . 
  because , why would it ? 
  the refugees are fleeing death , and unless they know that australia is going to murder them ( which we do n't do ... yet ) , they 'll still will see it as a place of opportunity to flee to . 
  we can not delude ourselves that we are capable of creating a deterrent without actually engaging in near-genocide ourselves . 
  this is the fundamental problem with the policy . 
  ( the real solution , of course , is to fund refugee camps in their countries of origin , so that their demand for safety can be satisfied elsewhere . 
  this is also the reason that ending other people 's wars are our business too . ), 
  spot on . 
  it 's the `` slow and steady '' strategy that will win the race . 
  exactly . 
  it 's spin , lies , and concealment . 
  these are people who think that children should be held in indefinite detention , who just last week passed legislation to spy on all australians , who destroyed a working carbon trading system because they think climate change is `` crap '' , who wanted to repeal the racial discrimination act because one of their mates got in trouble when he was charged with the racial vilification of a group of people , who have left such a wake of human destruction that it 'll take years for the country to recover ( if it ever happens ) . 
  the list of evil , spiteful , destructive stuff they 've done is too long for any person to even remember . 
  if you 're uncomfortable with using the word `` extreme '' to describe people like this , then fine . 
  you do n't have to . 
  however , i do think this behaviour is extreme . 
  i think it is far , far beyond any acceptable standard of behaviour of any person , let alone the leaders of an advanced nation . 
  this is not how reasonable people behave . 
  imagine if geert wilders was your prime minister , you 'd probably end up using the word `` extremist '' a few times too . 
  every part of this is wrong . 
  this did not stop refugees from attempting to come to our shores . 
  the numbers of people who reached australian soil went down because the australian navy now intercepts all of the boats and sends the refugees to a prison island . 
  we are wasting something like $ 2 billion per year sending our armed forces to take innocent people prisoner and put them in australia 's equivalent of guantanamo bay . 
  the right-wing extremist government that we currently have has deliberately shut down any reporting of the exact numbers of refugees for `` operational reasons '' , which also explains why the numbers appear to have dropped . 
  we have been warned that we are destroying the mental and physical health of these people . 
  there have been deaths in custody . 
  and now the extremist thugs in our government are now proposing a series of laws that would allow guards to beat these refugees to death * with impugnity * . 
  this is in violation of our obligations to the refugee convention ( which was established when europeans were fleeing war , just as these refugees are likewise ) . 
  we have been warned by multiple international agencies that we are violating laws . 
  this is not a solution to any problem .
