  there are several ways to do it : 1 . 
  let the dictator/monarch decide . 
  let democratically-elected politicians decide . 
  let the free market decide . 
  let science decide . 
  5 . etc , etc , etc. . 
  speaking in neutral terms , each of these methods will choose different values for what things are worth . 
  if you followed these , you 'd end up with money being allocated very differently in an economy . 
  there is a prevalent argument that ( 3 . 
  let the market decide ) is the best , or the only , or the most `` efficient '' method , and that it 's the only legitimate method . 
  as i understand it , economists tend to focus on this one pretty heavily . 
  i tend to think that ( 4 . 
  let science decide ) would give us better outcomes in many cases . 
  * - why would n't we use the market as the baseline mechanism for deciding value , augmented by evidence-based valuation where we know the market is weak ( for example , on environmental valuation ) . 
  you mentioned the environmental kuznets curve earlier . 
  do you not think that ( assuming this curve reflects reality ) , to right-side of that curve may be due to improvements in environmental regulation ? 
  yes , that was rhetorical . 
  i 'm sorry i forgot to add the `` this statement is obviously rhetorical , but i 'd better be sure '' tags . 
  < / sarcasm  i was pointing out the absurdity of complaining about money distribution via tax , but accepting money distribution via rent ( or interest payments or direct purchasing ) . 
  they 're the same thing : you 're obliged to pay money , you receive a corresponding benefit . 
  money flows around the economy . 
  we all benefit . 
  the only thing we should be focussed on is how to maximise the benefit ( and ideally choice as well ) . 
  we should not care if we have to pay to the government or pay to a landlord/lender/vendor . 
  * people like me * do not demand things to be free - we demand taxation to be set at an appropriate level ( which happens to be higher than it currently is ) , so that public investment can happen at appropriate levels . 
  public assets are not `` free '' . 
  but they are often important . 
  and are different to what the market provides . 
  * edit : clarity *, 
  i 'm starting to suspect that the only people qualified to comment on economics are people who are not economists . 
   nonsense . 
  this money does n't simply sit in a vault gathering dust . 
  it 's going toward lowering interest rates for business investors and into capital markets . 
  so you did n't read what i wrote . 
  let me rephrase to help you understand my view : business investors and capital markets will invest money in a particular way , a * characteristic * way . 
  they 'll prefer some things over other things . 
  the things they take into consideration will only be a * subset * of all meaningful considerations . 
  for example , if there 's a nice , juicy roi on an petroleum project , do you really think they 'll hold back because of the consequences of global warming ? 
  they will have an investment * fingerprint * . 
  they 'll be leaking externalities all over the place , and the types of externalities are pretty well understood . 
  the same , of course , is true of government . 
  governments have a characteristic fingerprint too , although it is very different to that of business investors and capital markets . 
   who decides what ` overall value maximization ' is ? 
  with all due respect , this is a question only an economist would ask . 
  if you ask a social scientist about the effects of income inequality ... 
  if you ask an environmental scientist about pollution ... 
  if you ask a doctor about health ... 
  if you ask an urban designer about our built environment ... you 'll get a wealth of objective , scientific information on how to maximise overall value . 
  and how to do it * much * better than we are right now . 
  there 's an absolute treasure trove of knowledge out there that is well established , built on solid evidence , and would lead to a considerably better world than the one we live in . 
  ( of course , this is imperfect and evolving . 
  but despite those imperfections , it 's still a bit better than what we 've currently got - just look at the number of scientists who are desperate for regulation to be altered . ), 
  but at some point , we 've decided that we 'll ignore all of that knowledge and let the invisible hand do it for us . 
  to a person like me ( a stem major ) , it seems plainly obvious that the market is distortive relative to the above knowledge . 
  and that the invisible hand simply can not be relied upon as the ** sole ** source of our economic decision making . 
  if we did , we 'd end up with a in soviet russia \u2122 level of distortion . 
  what should we be doing instead ? 
  routing part of our gdp through a different mechanism . 
  like mixed economies do . 
  a mechanism that makes different decisions , places different values on things , and compensates for distortions of the first . 
  the only smart thing to do , in my view , is to refrain from ideology and prejudice against government and taxation and find solutions that align best with what our best science tells us . 
  if we can find a way that a market can do it , great !, 
  if a market is the wrong tool , then let it be done publicly . 
  but our discussion is not polarised at all . 
  it 's quite civil ( to both of our credit ) . 
  yes , we may disagree and come from completely different viewpoints . 
  but that is not what `` polarised '' means . 
  polarisation happens when the force which separates us is significantly greater than the force to find common ground . 
  civility happens when the opposite is the case . 
   there 's a reason capital flight is taking place ... 
  i 'm not denying there 's a reason . 
   `` ponzi scheme welfare state '' this is a ridiculous statement . 
   `` it 's only ` greed ' if the other guy does it , right ? '', 
  you seem to fundamentally misunderstand taxation . 
  when a private entity is greedy , they are hoarding money for themselves . 
  when a country is ( as you put it ) `` greedy '' , they invest it all back into the population of that country . 
  [ and then some . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_public_debt ) tax money goes straight back to the people in a way that is ( ideally ) economically , socially and environmentally productive . 
  hoarded private wealth would * rarely * be invested in a way that was much better at this , btw . 
  hoarded wealth ( if it 's not spent on building pointless monuments and luxuries ) will mostly go into investments designed to get the best return/risk profile . 
  you can absolutely guarantee that it will * not * be invested in the most efficient way from a social , environmental , sustainable , or long-term point-of-view . 
  this roi maximisation is not the same as overall value maximisation . 
  it 's therefore distortive , and thank god we 've got a second mechanism - government - which counters some of this distortion . 
  but of course - this cuts both ways . 
  if we had a purely centrally-planned economy , i would be arguing in favour of markets to reduce the distortion of a wholly-government run economy . 
  yeah , that evil state which hoards all of the moneys . 
  they must have such a big pile of it by now . 
  what 's that you say ? 
  they spend it on schools , roads , and infrastructure ? 
  for the benefit of its citizens ?!, 
  they give it all back to us ? 
  i still want to call them greedy !, 
  my landlord steals my time and energy . 
  why should n't i get to rent my house for free ? 
  money gets distributed . 
  whether it 's by the market or by the government . 
  get over it . 
  the only thing you should care about is which one ( gov ' t or market ) is the best tool for the job . 
  complaining about tax is stupid and ideological . 
  regardless of being a libertarian , they do n't have a leg to stand on .
