  they 're not going to turn into 3rd world shitholes , they 're just going to go back to being on the lower end of european economies , which is where they belong , and where they 've really been the entire time . 
  greece and other countries cut their agriculture and too many people moved to cities , now they 're going to have to rediscover farming and fishing , and move out of the cities , and just start earning money the way they always have . 
  it 's not a lot of money , but at least it 's real . 
  not sure if you 're greek or not so here 's the english translation : [ evidence for tax evasion claim . 
  ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ethnos.gr%2farticle.asp%3fcatid%3d22770%26subid%3d2%26pubid%3d29345 ) but seriously , if you want to blame this on capitalism fine - i 'll disagree but whatever , we have an ideological dispute which is n't worth either of our time talking about . 
  if you want to blame the greek crisis on specific entities other than the greek government , then i have a problem that i 'll argue with you . 
  you appear to be arguing for systemic faults in capitalist systems though , and hence absolving or at least partially absolving greece of their blame and so i suspect we have little to talk about , 
  you have to have * some * politicians , which ones , that 's a more complicated issue . 
  i 'm not saying politicians should n't have pay cuts ( all state workers should suffer to an equal degree ) - just that firemen must have them too , and must not begin to think they can keep their jobs , but carry out their duties when it suits them in their goal of getting more money . 
   and they never will have it in the next 50 years because they will not have an economy . 
  so it 's everyone 's problem . 
  they will have an economy , just not what they would want or expect . 
  it will be simpler , and poorer , and they will spend a long time paying the debt their parents accumulated . 
  if they are smart they will start jailing people soon . 
  right , for them , at their behest . 
  what gs did n't do was orchestrate massive tax avoidance , or determine greek civil spending policy , but i 'm sure you 'll find a way to blame those two far more important issues on banks ... 
  so do n't buy the dry sandwich , but rather make your own like most people do ... 
  yes , i think $ 1500 is an acceptable salary for firemen . 
  it would be nice if it could be higher , but right now it ca n't . 
  the fact that these guys were choosing not to extinguish a fire because they want to be paid more is awful , and they should be fired for it . 
   the fact that the political system in greece is fucked up does n't necessarily mean that it is responsible for the crisis , let alone solely responsible . 
  but it is . 
  look into any of the facts of government in greece in the last 20 or so years and it 's very clear their government 's have been massively incompetent , corrupt , and abused both their own and other countries in order to stay in office . 
   in my opinion , the corruption was an accelerant but it was by no means a central factor . 
  otherwise , we would n't see other countries having so similar problems . 
  we 're seeing other countries with similar policies , greece is so bad because greek policies regarding taxation and expenditure happen to be ( apparently ) the worst out of the group . 
  you had tax evasion rates of almost 50 % ffs , how on earth anyone could claim that massive state expenditure coupled with half the country not paying their taxes is n't the root cause of the greek crisis is just beyond me . 
  i 'm not drawing conclusions . 
  i was simply pointing out that what sender said is not really relevant to this discussion , whether it 's true or false - the crisis in greece is not one of the banking system , but of a political system . 
  this is n't a simple morality tale , it 's just a fact . 
  greece borrowed large sums of money , money which must be paid back . 
  that i received so many downvotes above is quite sad , because it implies that people out there just want to wish / ( silence ) the truth away . 
  does n't matter . 
  greece borrowed money , now they owe that money , and do n't have it . 
  that 's greece 's problem . 
  come off it , they earn an average of $ 1500 per month . 
  it 's hardly `` free '' . 
  edit : my bad , it clearly is free . 
  fucktards . 
  right , but this could have happened without goldman sachs . 
  this could n't have happened without the greek government acting as they did . 
  the crisis in the south of europe is linked to the financial crisis , but they are not one in the same . 
  one is a medium term crisis caused by a collapse in the sub-prime us mortgage sector , the other a long term crisis caused by a lack of taxation , and excessive state spending . 
  the crisis in greece is due to politicians , not bankers . 
   you are my nemesis that 's just adorable that is . 
   sarcasm is the lowest form of wit perhaps so , i 'm still undecided about this one . 
  regardless , i embrace all forms of wit  fuck you too gary , fuck you too  ( see you next time ), 
  goatfuckers was actually sarcastically aimed at the germans . 
  although the entire post was sarcasm . 
  i love that you maintain such a grudge though , makes me feel there 's always someone out there looking out for me . 
  plus everytime you link to my `` bucket of cunts '' post i get another chuckle . 
  i deserve a medal for coining that phrase . 
   good for you to feel better through harassing the economically weaker via the internet . 
  fuck you . 
  yes , my ridiculing someone who makes idiotic statements about the economy by joking about ze evil germans is totally me making fun of greece for having a shit government for the last ... i do n't even know when greece last had a good one actually . 
  you too garitsauce , you too ... 
  massively , massively !, 
  i just now put # 12 million poor starving greek grannies stolen money into my washing machine with some daz . 
  it 's going to come out sparkling and swiss in about 40 minutes . 
  yeah man , those bloody germans engineering the entire financial crisis just so they could give hundreds of billions of euros to the piigs countries , those goatfuckers must be laughing their arses off now that they 've made such huge bailouts !, 
   thing is , your country , along with the usa , played a big part on causing this global financial and economic crisis in what regard would that be then ? 
   i can know better because i know and understand the first rule when dealing with her or her inner circle : never ever trust a single word of her or her inner circle without checking and double-checking everything they say . 
  well you say that , but then you clearly oppose her , and i do n't see why i should trust you over anyone else . 
   osce investigators could not prove that tymoshenko was beaten right , they could n't prove it , as i said , it 's not like anyone but her and her guards are ever going to really know . 
  i 'm not saying it 100 % did happen , i 'm just arguing that to say it 100 % did n't happen is just as naive . 
   investigators say that initial report about the beatings was faked the translation says that a bunch of different people said it was impossible to tell , which is as i had suggested . 
  the fact that you 're misrepresenting what they 're saying is starting to make me distrust you . 
   the initial gas crisis in 2008/2009 was created by her . 
  reread the article i 've linked before ( section `` how yushchenko got in her way '' ) . 
  it was tymoshenko on the ukrainian side who has orchestrated the crisis . 
  i 've read that , the original using my own translator , and much else . 
  are you saying that tymoshenko `` orchestrated '' the crisis by buying gas when it should have been cheaper , or that she had some hand in the failed negotiations to pay for that gas ? 
   and this is the whole point : she did not have a right to order anything . 
  as ridiculous as that is , nevertheless , sticking her in jail for this is absurd . 
  as for the cabinet refusing , that article says they did not approve it , not that they rejected it . 
   the contracts that were signed as a result not only have astronomically high gas prices is ukraine not paying somewhere under $ 250 usd per thousand cubic meters right now ? 
   these contracts actually mean a complete and total surrender into the serfdom for the kgb-gazprom . 
  they are not bad , they are criminal by themselves . 
  that 's just not true , ukraine has been getting cheap gas for a fairly long time , and it still is , it 's just not as cheap as it 'd like it to be . 
  tymoshenko solved a gas crisis which was threatening to tear not just ukraine apart , but half of central europe , and as a result she 's been stuck in jail . 
  it 's crazy . 
  nevertheless , it * should * imply certainty , and unless we guard against incorrect use of the term it never will . 
  not being sarky , just dislike the use of the word `` sure '' as `` certain '' when one can not be certain . 
  so , you 're not sure , you believe . 
  glad we cleared that up . 
   i 'm sure the rules are n't applied very stringently in britain why ? 
  [ well there 's some images about of bruising . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/59907000/jpg/_59907179_tymo1-liga.jpg ) there 's nothign more conclusive than this , but then there never would be , would there ? 
  i do n't see how you could know any better than any of the rest of us in this case . 
   what exactly ? 
  byt is now lead by a kgb officer in the second ( or third ) generation . 
  and the prime minister of ukraine is an officer who never served , and seems numerous fake academic titles to his name . 
  there are plenty of ex-soviet people in positions of power in eastern europe , i think this is an inevitability for a while yet . 
   light of accusations that she had been reselling enormous quantities of stolen gas and avoiding taxation of those deals . 
  accusations mean nothing . 
  proof is necessary , if you have it , bring it . 
   tymoshenko has also been closely linked to the management of the russian corporation , gazprom . 
  inevitably , since for 2 years she was head of the family company which imported gas , and russia has almost all of the gas ukraine uses . 
   in the period 1995-1997 tymoshenko was considered one of the richest business people in ukraine . 
  [ 36 ] this is completely irrelevant , frankly .
