  well you 'd be wrong then  i 'm not fitting any and all criticism into the above three groups , i 'm just suggesting that people who fit into these groups are near universally opposed to the eu , and i 've given what i believe to be their individual motivations . 
  i acknowledge that there are more reasoned arguments for not being in the eu , although i disagree with them . 
  that said , in general the opposition in this country to the eu does not stem from reasoned argument and informed opinion , but the above allegiances of belief . 
  this is a very good look at why the uk as a country is either opposed to eu membership or opposed to further integration . 
  however i think that despite making a fantastic point , in order to get a real impression here , you need to look at the various reasons individual groupings of subcultures within the uk give . 
  for instance : * the plebs * : much of this group hates the eu because they hear stories about how much it costs , read about bendy banana 's being banned and water which claims to prevent dehydration being legally restricted , and `` unelected bureaucrats '' on the brussels gravy train . 
  the usual nonsense that we here make fun off , but they lap it up . 
  this group is the reason we wo n't have a referendum . 
  * the old school tories * : queen and country and all that stuff you know ? 
  we beat the jerries and we 're a great nation who , despite having no empire any more , is still really important in the world and is best placed to maintain our individual position of superiority and enact bilateral trade agreements with organisations like the us and eu , which we 're not quite as important as , but almost . 
  * the nationalists * : keep the uk british , we do n't want them roma gypo 's and bulgarian jews coming to our home and takin ' our jobs , usin ' our benefits and stealing our women , forcing the school teachers to speak swahili and ensuring the nhs has to perform breast implants on 13 year old slovakian girls so often that my old aunt nora ca n't get that hip operation she 's been waiting a few weeks for . 
  there are other reasons for not wanting to be a part of the eu , some of them quite fairly reasoned and i 'm not addressing them at this point because the thread seems to be more about the overall impression recieved from the uk in the rest of the eu , and the overall negative impression we transmit comes primarily imo from the above three groups . 
  switzerland is integrated though , taking part in most of the economic treaties and agreements that eu nations effectively take part in by being members . 
  the uk could n't do that though , because the eu is expensive and someone has to pay for it . 
  we ca n't have an organisation where everyone benefits and no-one pays to make those benefits happen . 
  while i know the arguments against the attitude i put forth above , do you really agree that it 's the case that there is never a time in which people do not know what is best for themselves ? 
  constantly in life we agree that a doctor would know better than the patient what is the best treatment , that a lawyer would know better than a defendant what defence to use , that a chemist would know better than a foodie what is safe to eat , yet in politics we insist that any individual always knows what is best for themselves . 
  i understand ( and greatly respect ) the argument of self-determination and that the argument i put forth above has been used by dictators and other generally not so nice people throughout history to justify horrific crimes , and yet that does not automatically invalidate the claim , it just puts it under strain . 
  is it so impossible that a professional politician might know what would lead to a happier , richer , more fulfilled life , better than your average person ? 
  an uninformed opinion is a worthless opinion , was my point . 
  the average person probably does n't know what the word `` federal '' means . 
  we could be partly in charge . 
  let 's face it , estonia is n't as important as germany in the eu , and never will be . 
  as the third largest economy , third largest population , and first/second best military power in the eu , we 're well positioned to really get stuck in there and make a difference . 
  instead we stand at the sidelines while germany and france bicker over how best to run the union for their benefit . 
  imo the uk needs to get together a sort of northern european clique to counterbalance the centre and the south . 
  please do refrain from using the term `` we '' in such an all-encompassing manner . 
  i know plenty of brits , including myself , who 're in favour of a federalised eu . 
  this this and a thousand times more this . 
  thank fuck that clown is going to leave . 
   however it was the eu that finally got rid of him , rather than the italian people . 
  it 's scary how powerful and undemocratic the eu is . 
  sorry , but why is it scary , and how is it undemocratic any more than uk many other comparable institutions ? 
  we have a diversified economy ... 
  sorry i 'm not sure what i understand by this . 
  i just called some bulgarian an idiot for attacking you , but now i must do the same . 
  the above is not a straw man , at least conceptually not . 
  now of course we can be fairly certain that doctomoe does n't actually care about paper in a religious sense , but the point he makes , which is that if we are to respect all beliefs in the regard the religious expect us to respect their beliefs , then we 're just going to spend our lives doing nothing because there 'll always be some nutter out there who desires that we respect his belief that we do not breath air . 
  you 're a complete idiot . 
  cbfw86 did n't defend the actions of these terrorists , he simply explained it was no surprise , it was provoked . 
  it was . 
  i think that 's a good thing , provocation of people can be beneficial to society . 
  he was not spouting bullshit though , and you are an idiot . 
  the problem stems from the fact that religions have been afforded a special kind of respect in society which is supposed to render them immune from open criticism or ridicule , and this slows the process of showing people just how absurd and silly their chosen religious belief system is . 
  so you could say that the lack of respect is a catalyst , it 's part of a process of getting everyone used to the fact that whether their ideas are religious or not , they have to stand on their own two feet , and wo n't be immune to criticism just because they fall into an arbitrary category . 
   i do n't understand why people have to refer to religion in such a disrespectful way . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone , but i speak about religion in a disrespectful way because i have no more respect for religion then i do for the idea that the world is flat , that faeries exist , that santa exists , or for batman ( less so , than batman ) . 
  lack of respect in and of itself is n't done to offend , i just hold no respect for religion . 
  major religions are absurdly childish and stupid , and irrational to the point that they require psychological compartmentalisation from just about any sane person in order to be entertained in the mind . 
   magical sky fairy , sky daddy , fairy tale . 
  it 's so rude . 
  i wo n't bother to draw comparisons with how atheists treat religious people in the 21st century ( ridicule ) with how religious people treated atheists in the 12th century ( execution ) . 
  rather i shall just point out that almost anyone would laugh at a sane adult who seriously believed in santa claus at the age of 30 . 
  take that feeling , change the noun to `` god '' and you 'll understand me . 
  see i basically agree , people should n't be killed for their ideas or expression , however there are people who 's ideas will inevitably lead them to come into conflict with the fundamental ethos and morality of a society , and upon doing that the first time i think it 's valid to take into consideration that they will continue to do this every time we allow them to . 
  such as islamic fundamentalists whose core ideals lead them to come into a very fundamental conflict with european societies . 
  while i do n't recommend locking these folks up just for holding their ideas , i do suggest that upon the first instance them acting upon their beliefs , we take away their ability to do so indefinitely . 
  i see your point , but that 's why i think any atheist who 's actually going to be an asshole about religion also has to be prepared to patiently and empathetically explain to people the holes in their thinking and what is illogical and irrational about the things they believe . 
  in short , if you want to shout at an organisation that preaches ignorance and myth , you have to be prepared to explain to people who are n't necessarily in charge of this organisation ( the simple faithful ) why it is that what they believe in is ignorant or mythology . 
  edit : also , whoever downvoted you is missing the point of reddit . 
  indeed , but it 's just when you point out provocation as a source of something most people will infer justification ( making the is/ought conflation which people so commonly make these days ) . 
  i understand that you were n't saying it was justification , i just felt my opinion fitted regardless . 
   a disgraceful thing but not unprovoked . 
  this is the reaction to extreme atheism and belittling of religious belief . 
  a shameful lashing out , but a provoked lashing out nonetheless . 
  this is the thing , it 's meant to provoke . 
  the whole point is that the societies we live in say we can do things that provoke others verbally ( so for instance , laugh at children who believe in invisible skylords ) and they do n't have the right to hurt us for it , they just have the right to laugh back at us . 
  provocation , yes , justification ? 
  that is the point . 
   i often ask myself if it 's worth the four or five generations of marginalising religious belief and opinion in the public square for the slim chance of stamping it out , or if we should do more to encourage tolerance and build bridges . 
  stamp it out . 
  we 're better off without the childish irrationality it brings . 
   my parents are christian and they feel incredibly persecuted and marginalised by big atheist names . 
  to be honest , i do n't give a fuck . 
  you want to know what persecution is ? 
  look up what the catholic church did to anyone who spoke against dogma . 
  hell , look at what happened to people who confessed to being atheists !, 
  look at what still happens to them the world over . 
  ** that 's ** persecution . 
  being ridiculed for your beliefs being childish and irrational is not persecution , it 's ridicule , and honestly it 's probably one of the best ways to kill off religion . 
  me and many other atheists could n't give a fuck if us speaking plainly about insane beliefs makes people feel uncomfortable , because when the tables were turned just a few hundred years ago , people like me were n't made to feel slightly uncomfortable for their beliefs , they were tortured and brutally murdered . 
  then stick them in jail for the rest of their lives ( or execute them ) . 
  they have ideas which are n't compatible with society , they are by the ideals they hold an enemy of the state and of the people . 
  it 's really rather depressing that i think everyone 's gotten to the point of hearing this and just not being surprised . 
  no-one 's thinking `` holy crap terrorists attacked a building in france '' . 
  instead people are unsurprised and pretty much think it might as well be expected , which is sickening . 
   greece , the birthplace of democracy finally shows that democracy means democracy exactly . 
  now let 's see how badly this all turns out as a result of asking high school educated laymen what they think about complicated economics . 
   even if through democracy they choose what is seen not to be the correct option it 's important they are given the choice . 
  indeed . 
  to death with socrates !, 
  as a country , we really need to create a term that covers that meaning as well as the french term does . 
  it 's ridiculous that we have to resort to using french to convey something . 
  you have my most sincere apologies . 
  it seems i confused yourself with dogbotherer . 
  i just considered perhaps that you might not be a fan of taxation in the united kingdom since it funds war , which as someone who i was under the impression had done their best to avoid that statist system by living in a 3rd world country for some years might object to . 
  i like the idea of uk or eu taxes as opposed to say chinese or us because i believe that fundamentally the uk is a fairly well behaved country , whereas the other two are not . 
  in general within the eu this applies , although there are exceptions . 
  not sure if serious or otherwise , but upboats for using that word which just makes me feel like being british is the dogs bollocks . 
   well in my country we have something called '' better safe than sorry '' principal yeah , lets stay in our caves and never try to do anything new , afterall it might go wrong !,
