  fall of rome innit . 
  there are many brits who earn this much and more . 
  about a quarter of the working population are at or above this threshold . 
  benefits in this context meaning anything the state spends on you . 
  the uk state spends # 11k for each person in the country . 
  a million . 
  not thousands . 
  the let in a million last year , probably more . 
  about 2 per minute , every minute , for a year . 
  about 1/80th of their population has been in the country for less than 12 months . 
  its monumental , and germany is insane . 
  pretty sure that was brits actually , that said the poster was wrong and i was pointing that out , that 's all . 
  not necessarily . 
  i work in the oil industry so i check the oil price pretty much daily right now , but while there 's been a small increase ( 1 $ ) in the price of oil since the torching of the embassy that 's been it so far . 
  it would something very serious , close to outright war , to raise the oil price very significantly right now . 
  the market is very confident in the level of oversupply which exists . 
   and what grounds do you have to substantiate that ? 
  well obviously , if it 's not american it 's probably crap , and if it belong to an enemy of america it 's definitely crap . 
  never heard of france then ? 
  not really , he 's quite possibly illiterate in his own language , he 's unlikely to speak much if any english , he probably has no useful skills for life in the uk in the 21st century . 
  he 's unlikely to find work any time soon , if ever . 
  you what ? 
  you 're the ones who invited them all . 
  it 's not our responsibility to take every middle eastern and north african person who feels like being in europe into our country . 
  you 're fine with that ? 
  fine , take hundreds of thousands per year , ruin your own nation . 
  we 're not , so we wo n't . 
  the diplomatic solution would have been russia not routinely breaching turkish airspace inspite of repeated warnings at the political , diplomatic , and military level that they should * really * stop doing it . 
  russia messed about with turkeys border , turkey told them to stop , at all levels , repeatedly . 
  russia kept doing so , and russia lost a couple of aircraft and a couple of servicemen as a result . 
  they have no-one to blame but themselves . 
  right , but that man flew his military aircraft into the sovereign airspace of a foreign nation . 
  he forfeited his life by doing so . 
  it 's sad that he chose to do that , but it 's not turkey 's fault . 
  if anyone had an argument for reimbursement it would be the turks for their $ 600,000 missile . 
  apology for what though ? 
  turkey have n't done anything wrong . 
  destroying the plane was a legitimate act , and not legally ( or , realistically , morally ) wrong . 
  it was already a huge tourist spot for russians and ukrainians going back decades . 
  it 's obviously taken a nose dive in the last year what with the lack of electricity , but it 's likely to resume being a popular holiday destination , but only with russians now , which will require many more russians than used to go to it . 
  why would turkey reimburse damages ? 
  they have n't done anything wrong . 
  maybe instead of spending $ 8000-10000 fleeing secure cities like baghdad they should spend their money on improving their situations there ? 
  also seconding : good riddance . 
  those are all the same thing no ? 
  teenagers should just be encouraged to actually read , instead of reading a little then pontificating lots . 
  discovery is excellent innit . 
   downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  have any of you read marx ? 
  yas , indeedy . 
  the akm does n't fire 5.45 mm ammunition . 
  nah , my boob job will be much better than his . 
  ah i 've not had my p-45 yet unlike basically everyone else on my oil rig so merry christmas to me . 
  i think the life expectancy of my job is probably measured in months though :d hey ho , it does n't worry me , i 've got a plan !, 
  bum about in east asia for a bit and then go be a stripper in vegas . 
  i 'm sorted . 
  has to be low in aberdeen though mate , no-one can afford fuel since the price of oil is so low . 
  regards , soon to be unemployed rig monkey, 
  it 's there , i 've seen a good few stations at 99.9 and 99.8 . 
  a combination of webster being intentionally difficult to stir patriotism and differentiate yankee speak from english , and then a quest to `` simplify '' the language without any respect given to etymology or language development . 
  tl : dr - stupid reasons, 
  it 's british now . 
  just like half their language . 
  we 're the borg . 
  better is expensive . 
  * just * ? 
  the akm is an upgraded ' 47 . 
  do n't worry , some poisoned baguettes will soon sort that out . 
  saudi ? 
  we must have owned or run them at some point . 
  if everywhere that we 'd done that to had a british flair this place would have a few thousand of our kind and then the 5 french people we 'd forgotten to cage . 
  social politeness . 
  it 's a call and response thing , we humans have lots of them `` i love you '' - `` i love you too '' being the classic example . 
  the first phrase is one which only has one possible intended answer . 
  of course one can deviate but that causes social unrest . 
  `` how are you ? '', 
  gets only one type of response , a positive one . 
  `` fine '' , or `` good '' or `` alright ? '' . 
  it 's call and response to aid social cohesion and friendliness , nothing to do with actually asking someone how their life is getting on . 
  based fjord-nords get it . 
  mostly no , just habit . 
  it 's a bit stupid though in that case . 
  it happens where i am too , you 'll get 100 people queuing for a train , some of whom wo n't have seating but most of whom will . 
  i tend just to stand to the side and wait and then go through , i 've got a ticket , i know where i 'm sitting , hence no reason to queue . 
  keep drinking that cool-aid yo . 
  so tired of this meme . 
  turkey supports ` terrorism ' in the same way every other moderate or larger power does . 
  welcome to uk procurement . 
  where the top brass tell the government what they want , the government tell them it sounds great but remove a few key ingredients , and we end up with with broken concepts that the politicians are now attached to but are too ignorant to realise are broken . 
  you 're probably right . 
  another one of hitler 's damages against the world , he 's ruined germany as a powerful and active nation . 
  whenever it fights in any serious war , obviously . 
  so probably about 3 months after all germans have suffocated from burying their heads in the sand . 
  also the french bingo-plane needs a real carrier and we 're only building big toy ones . 
  finnish . 
   i can see the british empire is still pining for the return of the illegal secessioned american colonies . 
  the british empire does n't exist anymore , and that suggestion is pretty silly . 
   so if they attack any of the neighboring countries i 'd also support their right to go in and destroy them with whatever means neccesary . 
  so , as long as isis would agree to not invading their neighbours , you 'd be fine with them being allowed to establish a state within the territories they control currently ?
