  they are successful because they were built up as massive trading ports over a long period of time by the uk and pt . 
  oh come now walker , cyprus played a high stakes game and lost . 
  what a ridiculous idea . 
  the markets ordinarily pay what people are worth . 
  the minimum wage sets a floor for this value considerably above the actual value of the labour , and that ensures a certain income for those living within a set of borders . 
  free trade allows the market to compensate for this artificial floor by paying people from other countries to do the same work . 
  why does an american deserve to be paid more for the same work than a mexican ? 
  the world has 7.075 billion people in it , unskilled labour is * extremely * cheap now . 
  we in the west need to get used to the idea that the time where we get paid 100 times that of a mexican or chinese person or indian is over . 
  you get what you 're worth . 
  if you want more , make yourself worth more . 
  artificial attempts to pay people many times what they 're worth ( minimum wage laws ) will work to an extent but only to an extent , and it 's only by becoming hyper-restrictive that one could really maintain that in the medium term , and i ca n't see it working in the long term . 
  i mean , really , you 're telling how much bad americans have it , lets be serious now , they 're in a country with one of the highest gdp per capita 's in the world , extremely high household incomes , i could go on . 
  talk about first world problems ... 
  a considerably more useful map , imo : [ english proficiency in the eu ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b6/knowledge_of_english_eu_map.svg/500px-knowledge_of_english_eu_map.svg.png ), 
  sigh . 
  i wish stuff like this did n't happen - it means there 's an increase in crime because of romania being in the eu , and it also means that people are going to hate the romanians even more . 
  welcome new friends !, 
  meh , if you 're doing a job which is only paid a high wage because of artificial trade barriers i really do n't have an issue with that job disappearing . 
  i do n't see why an american has a right to be paid $ 40 for factory work that can be done just as well as a mexican for $ 10 . 
  apparently so . 
  i forget that sarcasm is such a foreign concept in much of europe :| least you finns get it . 
  sounds a little like marching against the rain ... 
  more people to be killed ... 
  spot on . 
  they 're no more belgian than some guy from somalia who happens to score a passport on asylum grounds . 
  we in europe really need to fix the issue of people who want to come here from shitholes elsewhere because we have a better life , only to turn parts of the eu into copies of the shitholes they come from . 
  why do n't people figure out that there 's a correlation between our culture , and our prosperity . 
  overall those people find new jobs which are better , arguments against free trade are like arguments against mechanisation or automation , they may be appealing on an individual level but the benefits of it are clear on the larger scale . 
  yes , i know that 's what the geography books say . 
  apparently no-one can take a joke around ` ere ... 
  right , but all finns do learn * some * extent of swedish , and have to learn it in their university too , as you know . 
  the dialect of finnish-swedish seems different enough that there are understanding problems , as well . 
  that said , i do n't see why any finn should be expected to learn swedish , and side pretty heavily with those who seek to abolish it as a language one * has * to learn to pass uni . 
   moscow  europe mfw o_o, 
  seems vaguely accurate ... 
   woa there buddy . 
  having lived in the us my self i am not talking down on them . 
  what gdp per capita are you looking at ? 
  do n't worry buddy , just poking fun while making a little bit of a point . 
  do n't take offence , just a little bit of british sarcasm for you :p  what gdp per capita are you looking at ? 
  my bad , i was looking at ppp , did n't realise that was the case however given that we were talking about relative wealth i suppose to an extent my numbers are almost * more * relevant than nominal figures . 
  honestly even when they * are * fairly well cooked , and i agree they can be very nomnom when they are , they still require a good whack of mustard and a bash of salt to work . 
  the potatoes have to be crunchy and bursting with that savoury nommyness which perfect roast potatoes have , the meat has to be soft and tender without just being undercooked , the veg crispy on the outside but still juicy on the inside , the gravy actually needs to have flavour ( fuck off bisto ! ), 
  - honestly i think sunday roasts , as with many simple northern european meals , are very simple to produce but extremely difficult to master . 
  a good one is amazing , but honestly most that i 've had have been mediocre , and i think if one 's realistic about food then you have to realise that it 's better to make something which is going to be tasty then it is to make something which is going to be good 1/50 times and just `` meh '' the rest of the time . 
  that said , when i have more money available i 'll start practising , but for the time being , i 'll take a guarantee-ably tasty curry every time . 
  british cuisine in general is made fun of by not just the yankees ( that makes me lol ! ), 
  but also most europeans . 
  i understand because reputations take time to alter , and most of these people have n't experienced just how good the food in the uk can be , but , still , the difference between the food in the uk in the ' 70 's and 80 's and now , is night and day . 
  it 's good , yes . 
  as are many other scottish meals , however i just think that on the whole , haggis is generally considered to be one of the most disgusting foods in scotland ( although i do n't agree it is , having eaten guga ) , and that its a meal which everyone who comes should indeed try . 
  i do not much enjoy sweet things , so , did not consider this . 
  i would much prefer haggis neeps and tatties over a few bits of tablet . 
  i 'll stick with being a highlander , 
  i hope not , friend . 
  i can buy the aitkens ones from a corner shop about 50 seconds from my house , but it 's kind of become a point of pride that i 've never had one , i guess - i think i might start to feel aberdonian if i did , and honestly that 's not something i can cope with in life xd, 
  i 've quite proudly been in aberdeen since 08 and have n't had one yet , what 's so good about them ( butteries ) ? 
  sunday roast is so over-rated , the flavours are dull , and unless it 's perfectly cooked the textures are chewy where they should be crunchy and tough where it should be soft . 
  curry , on the other hand , is full of flavour , has infinite variations , and is just generally much more enjoyable , imo . 
  do n't get me wrong i * do * enjoy a sunday roast , but , curry is miles better . 
  it is a mere $ 6000 per capita lower than your little sheikdom , which itself is at the top of the charts among a collection of tiny nations which happen to have been lucky enough to be formed with the rights to a shit load of black goo , or to be small enough and well connected enough to be tax havens for the ultra-rich to avoid their taxes in . 
  aside from singapore and hong-kong , two small city-states , the us is the first nation on lists of gdp per cap which is actually earning its money in a conceivably sustainable and varied manner . 
  also the only country with more than a population of 10 million people . 
  it 's not , i 'm afraid . 
  i can not adequately describe the smell , nor even begin to describe the taste and texture . 
  i 've eaten tripe , plenty of blood foods , and so forth though - nothing has ever come close to as horrible as this . 
  it certainly is n't enjoyable . 
  why disappoint ? 
  curry is now also a british dish . 
  you can hardly blame them - why learn a dialect of swedish which has 350,000 speakers in the whole world , when everyone who speaks it * should * either speak regular swedish or finnish also ? 
  i 'm not , but i thought usa/nafta kind of gave a clear enough impression , 
  interesting . 
  as someone who is kind of a mix of both , where do you fit in regarding the whole swedish-finnish/finnish-finnish thing ? 
  it 's been my experience that mixing between the two groups is minimal . 
  true , income inequality is high , however due to the extremely high gdp per capita of the us the effect of this is partially negated . 
  by looking at median household income i * am * looking at the details , and as i 've said the levels of household income are roughly comparable . 
  edit : i wonder why on earth the above post was deleted ? 
  very strange . 
  i believe it was just joking that the us was not particularly great or some such thing . 
  median household income for the uk and us are comparable , the uk average would appear to be higher as a result of the income disparity in the us - however the stats vary so much year by year and depending on varying methods , that i think it 's just safe to say that the us is certainly comparable to several western european nations . 
  indeed , i 'm one of a relatively small number of people who 've eaten it , the majority is saved and consumed by the inhabitants of northern lewis as it 's a delicacy there , and very few others would ever desire to consume it . 
  i will never forget entering the house when it was being cooked - the smell is what i would expect if someone filled a house with several tonnes of severely rotten fish . 
  ah yes but the japanese would have access to a cheap labour market next to a huge export market ( western europe ) - so it could provide them a serious bit of help in that regard . 
  you include cabbage rolls but miss out veriohukainen ( blood pancakes ) and m\u00e4mmi ? 
  interesting . 
  seriously though : [ guga ] ( http://www.homeschoolonthecroft.com/2011/09/our-delicacy.html ) - worst thing i 've ever had the displeasure to eat . 
  not for long now that they just lost all their money in cyprus !, 
  the usa and eu have already started their own free trade negotiations . 
  the eu is headed towards having free trade deals with usa/nafta * and * japan - essentially we seem to be working towards free trade deals with every country/bloc which is capable of honouring their agreements . 
  well , free trade between japan and the eu is hardly opening up a hugely cheap labour market now is it ? 
  ok so japan might choose to use our eastern european countries to do some more manufacturing , but overall there 's a $ 4000 dollar difference in gdp per cap ppp - hardly like the mexico/america gulf . 
  that said , i do n't see what 's wrong with cheap labour . 
  why pay 100 people $ 20 an hour for doing exactly the same job as 100 people who can do it for $ 10 per hour ? 
  hmm , intardesting . 
  still , that makes for 11 years minimum . 
  the sarcasm is thick with this one . 
  perhaps in a different age ? 
  when i was reaching leaving age sometime vaguely around 2000 if you wanted to drop out at 16 you had to have a job or training lined up . 
  exactly , i suspect they 're taking the english going to colleges as leaving school , but frankly that 's bullshit and suggests the organisation just has n't done their homework .
