  edit : also , welcome to the downvote train - there 's plenty enough germans in here that our comments 'll go down down down :d !, 
   the german issue is quite ` special ' to the say the least . 
  i have had the oppoturnity to speak with quite a lot of germans and i still felt that ` big mistake embarassment ' showing up sooner or later in the conversation . 
  yeah but , like , how many times can we say * `` dude , that 's not on you , that was your great grand parents . 
  your country is long since absolved , stop sitting in the corner just because 70 years ago some douchebag orchestrated some terrible shit in your country . 
  '' *  we have a somehow similar issue in france regarding budget spendings on defence , and to be honest , i for one is not a big supporter of investing too much in the military . 
  but we ( and i include myself in it ) do believe that our national integrity , even the eu integrity is something too important to be dismissed and rely upon other states . 
  yeah , in a way you 're in a better situation than us . 
  while the uk does like to maintain a powerful military , it 's largely because of the idea that we 're `` important '' and because many brits still think of us as one of the big boys , which i suppose to an extent we are , but that means that in times like this no-one complains when we gimp our navy , or cut 1/5 of our army . 
   as a matter of fact i totally agree with some kind of joint defence equipment development program to be effectively reinforced , and to get rid past semi failures such as the rafales & eurofighter . 
  absolutely . 
  the first step is development of a sort of nato + procurement standards , not just same ammo though , same everything . 
  so that essentially we can put together one big military as and when needed and just slot together . 
  to an extent this has been slowly developing with tornado , jaguar , horizon class , leopard , eurofighter , and the new carriers which france and the uk are getting , all based on essentially the same design . 
  it can go a lot further though . 
   we have the abilities to be able to create top level equipment and weapons if we let a bit of this stupid national pride on the sideway , thus allowing us to compete with both usa , china and every other emerging block . 
  and i also agree that a powerful edf is necessary to defend and maintain our interests and sovereignty . 
  exactly . 
  it 's about damn time that the eu started dealing with north africa and being able to deal with the middle east as required . 
  the us are going to have their hands very , very full in the far east over the next 20-50 years - we need to look to our own defence and our own ability to intervene in humanitarian situations . 
   now , with the wild bet cameron took , we might be able to see an evolution of the eu as whole , but that would be quite a loss to see you quitting that boat . 
  i do n't see it happening mate . 
  i really do n't . 
  i 'll be pretty distraught if we do , but it kind of fucks the whole project . 
  i mean britain , france and germany make a great triple heavyweight combination for the eu . 
  without us france has to essentially become the military force of europe , and without support from another large nation like britain which accepts that it 's a requirement of the forthcoming european nation , it could be the case that european defence continues to be woefully neglected as it is now . 
  it 's such a waste too , because currently we collectively spend 261 billion usd on our military . 
  we should have 4-5 heavy weight nuclear powered aircraft carriers , thousands of modern combat aircraft , capable expeditionary forces , dozens of amphib assault ships , maybe 40 useful destroyers . 
  as it is , we 've got militaries like greece with fuck all spending but 133,000 active troops ( i wonder if they 're any good :| ) - romania kicking about with 48 mig-21 's ( i mean , fucking seriously ? 
  ) , and loads of fairly useless things like guided missile boats and gunboats , with a severe lack of destroyers ( we have 19 ) and carriers ( 1-3 serious actual carriers in the eu now ) . 
  we could do better . 
  we * should * do better . 
  it would cost us no more than some national pride and acceptance that the pork might not get spread around in quite the same way . 
  it would give us a * far * more capable military , capable of putting up a serious defence of eu borders against any nation or bloc in the world , and capable of putting a large combat force into enemy territory and winning any fight . 
   can not really blame our fellows european folks , war is nasty business and there is only fools that can enjoy going to war . 
  with germany you have to wonder how much of their pacifism is due to the big mistake and how much of it is due to the convenience of letting france and the uk deal with those inconvenient wars like libya and mali . 
  i ca n't help but see a real moral cowardice in the german public 's aversion to get involved in things like libya . 
   but it does hint that if any big conflict was to happen in the next few years , the eu on it 's own might not be able to defend itself properly , even though we got the nuclear deterrent . 
  oh we ca n't at all . 
  a few small countries can contribute in useful ways , denmark , nl - but the only large countries with serious militaries are britain and france . 
  most of the standing armies are an exercise in national penis waving and not much more . 
  the nukes keep us safe , no-one can touch the eu because we 've got around 500 nukes between your lot and my lot , but still , it 's not nice to have to rely on them . 
  we need a unified military for this very reason . 
  the uk and france are currently the only two nations paying enough towards defence of the eu , and we pay more than our fair share . 
  if we unify the entire thing the entire eu could probably happily just have a set expenditure of maybe 1.8 % of gdp - lower than i 'd like but you know what the pacifists are like - and that 'd provide a budget of 300 billion usd . 
  with that , and a single procurement process for all our kit instead of having 20 different assault rifles , 10 different mbts , 4 different main fighters , we could quite rapidly build a large version of the powreful expeditionary militaries which france and the uk currently run . 
  yes yes of course , but there 's no point in any of those dudes in a war if you do n't have inf and cav up front is there ? 
  that 's why they 're called support roles . 
  germany does n't deploy logistics troops to support ours though , they just deploy combat troops into places where there 's low odds of them actually having to do anything . 
  i remember rumours in the british press that we 'd run out of tomahawks fairly quickly because we only had a few dozen or something . 
  ah , perhaps so  stiff upper lip an ' all that . 
  well , our economy is doing * ok * comparatively . 
  it 's standing still , but at least it 's not shrinking , and it 's pretty large . 
  perhaps you meant something more by it though ? 
  i find the uk quite surprising . 
  i mean , for us to be as confident as germany , who 'd have expected that ? 
  i 'm quite glad someone has finally said this . 
  there are many countries in the eu who are , essentially due to politics , virtually pointless to have on the battlefield . 
  germany , i 'm lookin ' at you here . 
  if governments say `` ok , we 'll deploy troops , but they ca n't fight , and they ca n't be near danger '' why not just deploy girl scouts eh ? 
  what the fuck are soldiers for if not to fight and be near danger ? 
  i suspect the `` bi-lateral '' thing in that article was a subtle hint that the french would have rather liked to have the uk with them on this , we 've got fairly similar militaries , similar levels of training , similar politics going on ( do n't go too expensive , but go right ahead and fight your fight ) , and similar capacities . 
  i do feel a bit bad we 're not deploying with 'em , but i guess the british army is fairly exhausted from the last decade in afghan . 
   was n't the french air force running low on munitions in libya ? 
  i believe that was the british and i believe it was mostly restricted to tomahawks , or rather , the lack of them . 
  honestly italy did next to nothing in libya . 
  they allowed the use of their airbases and that was about it . 
  the us sold us some weaponry and provided some background and logistical support , as well as being happy to spray tomahawks everywhere , and uk and fr did all the sneaky beaky boots on the ground and piloted bombing campaign . 
  the french probably could have gone it alone , although it would have required a bigger push from their military . 
  drones is n't even an accurate term . 
  they 're not flying out there alone controlled by skynet . 
  these are simply remotely piloted aircraft . 
  the only differences are the endurance of the things , and the fact that the pilot ca n't die . 
  that 's it . 
  i come from just a bit north of ` snecks , generally quite cold . 
  lol , well played xd did n't know scotland looked that ugly upside down . 
  i 'm originally from all the way up ( down ? ), 
  in the highlands though , so it tends to get pretty nippy up there . 
  yeah , i 'm stuck down south in aberdeen , it 's warmer here . 
  an infinite number , as long as the power always flows from the people to the officials , which it does . 
  high rpi combined with low interest and net zero growth leads to problems , you surely agree ? 
  right now one struggles to beat rpi even with an isa . 
  let alone the fact that almost no-one is getting raises . 
  most people are getting poorer , day after day , right now in britain . 
  yeah shit i shoulda thought about eu stats for nuts regions . 
  i kinda pity you man , 62 ... shit , that 's just ... low . 
  i live in a 157 , ca n't imagine how different everything must be , even accounting for purchasing power parity . 
  ok , but overall wealthy for the region . 
  what 's the gdp per cap do you know ? 
  i could n't find it . 
  nah , was n't allowed . 
  a few of my group went up in onesies though . 
  god damnit , fair shout . 
  i had a quick look at that and it looked believable enough given the currency links that i just fired it in there . 
  fair enough . 
  here 's an actual [ comparison i found ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9qom6sy.png ) - fairly clear that our currency is n't doing well , and that was my only original point . 
   i 'm gon na drop the usa thing because you obviously need to read a book . 
  again with the rudeness . 
  there is simply no need for this cuntishness you 're bringing to the conversation . 
   they were n't even a collection of states , they were colonies .
