   my name is very common in certain areas mainly in munster ( province ) more specifically cork . 
  interesting , perhaps just a stereotype , but i always thought the southern parts of roi were more traditional in their naming practises , hence why i 've met more than a couple of people called tadhg , or ciar\u00e1n from the south . 
  [  `` a constitutional amendment to allow for legal abortion in any case where a woman requests it . '', 
  support : 36 % ] ( http://www.businesspost.ie/#!story/home/news/red+c+poll%3a+majority+demand+x+case+legislation/id/78241919-150b-a2a0-577f-97741195800 ) there you go . 
  it 's actually 64 % , i hope you can forgive the 2 & 2/3 % inaccuracy . 
  and no , i was just kind of curious if barry is a common name there i guess . 
  obviously ireland , having been part of the uk will have all sorts of names just like the rest of it does , i was just curious if it was a traditionally irish name ( as well as being a traditional name elsewhere obviously ) or whether it was quite a rare thing to be called barry in ireland . 
   would you blame the germans for ww2 and the holocaust for the initial election of hitler . 
  some of them , yes . 
   once they are elected , it does n't mean that they are going to fulfil promises and do the wishes of the general population . 
  there are multiple options for dealing with this . 
  2/3 of your countrymen ( as of 11/2012 ) still do n't support the right to choose to have an abortion in cases where the mother 's life is n't threatened . 
  that 's just really , really backward . 
  edit : also , out of curiosity , is barry really an irish name ? 
  thinking about it i ca n't imagine where i 'd imagine it coming from , but i guess ireland is n't it . 
  tbh these days i just feel like , does any of it really matter ? 
  with the eu turning into what it 's turning into , does it really matter if two countries are or are n't domestically run by the same people ? 
  we 're all going to be one country in 20 or 30 years as it is . 
  yeah i always make that mistake , not sure why . 
  there are but 5 , i 'm afraid . 
  he said `` in other countries '' . 
  also , you 're a bit of a dick . 
  i actually did n't once listen to finnish radio in all the months i 've spent there . 
  i guess in retrospect that was missing out . 
  ah well , fuck it , radio is shit anyway . 
  everytime i saw finnish tv it was always boring people in suits talking about something boring , that or pasila , which is pretty damn funny . 
  indeed , and the acting standards in dramas can be utterly awful too . 
  ireland is pretty much as culturally different from the rest of the uk as scotland is . 
  that is , it 's not . 
  edit : roll out the butthurt , there 's going to be plenty of it no doubt !, 
   father ted is monstrously underrated ( can you say that ? ), 
  you can and when you 're as correct as you are it 's practically an imperative . 
  yeah , tv from most small nations sucks complete balls . 
  especially southern europe , which really , really sucks . 
   the wire enjoy that . 
  i went through all 7 seasons in about 15 days . 
  yeah , seriously . 
  edit : not that i much care for breaking bad , but some recommendations : sopranos the shield rubicon rome game of thrones deadwood boardwalk empire, 
  i , too , love history , but i ca n't stand the idea of being a teacher and i rather like that paper stuff with my queen 's head on it , so went for chemistry . 
  probably should n't have bothered , job market 's shit for everyone unless you go into oil . 
  yeah fair enough , my academic studies in the 5 years i 've been at university have been mathematics , analytical philosophy , and ( mostly ) chemistry - so i 'm fairly brutal with culling terms which are n't strict in any area which i find worthy of study , which history most certainly is . 
   i did read it , as evidenced by the part of my post where i address it . 
  yeah sorry fair enough , wrote my reply as i read , should have corrected . 
   large , sprawling and composed of many ethnicities and nationalities . 
  this definition fits many modern multicultural nations . 
   united under one monarch . 
  still got a few left . 
   expansionist . 
  is this necessary and sufficient , or just necessary ? 
  for what duration did the effect empirise a state ? 
   existed for hundreds of years . 
  poland-lithuania was around for a fair old while ... a lot more than the 50 years of ah . 
   also , i might point out that you are the one who is presenting the view that is unorthodox in its interpretation of history . 
  that 's fine   it 's not really up to me to explain why the austrian and russian empires were empires oh i was merely asking for the defining factors which you ascribe to empire . 
  i already said that it 's clearly a malleable and interpretive issue , and is hazy at best . 
  i suppose i would probably realistically just argue the term out of existence , since i think it 's probably too wooly to be useful . 
  j/k you 're probably right , i 'm just not massively into all this regionalism taken to an excessive level - i live in scotland but am as far away from where limmy 's show is produced as newcastle is , the only reason i get shown it and they do n't is ` cos they 're english and i 'm scottish , methinks we should all share the good shit . 
  great , i 'm happy for you . 
  the more one can enjoy the better , and i mean that quite seriously and sincerely . 
  myself i 'm afflicted with an inability to enjoy most television , and most of what 's on iplayer is shit , so i have to look abroad at other nation 's shows simply to find plotlines i do n't feel like were written for 11 year olds . 
   it 's sort of in the name , do n't you think ? 
  you did n't read my hre thing very well ? 
  names do n't define what things are , what things are defines what they are . 
  now , i accept that you can go the multi-ethnic route to define empire , although by that standards the modern usa is an empire , as is the prc , united kingdom , and probably another 50-100 separate countries . 
  so i 'd say in and of itself that 's not enough . 
   what exactly is it about austria hungary and russia that you think disqualifies them as empires ? 
  sorry to turn the question around , but what does ? 
  as i said , multi-ethnicity alone does n't really work , and that 's all they had going for them . 
  poland-lithuania was n't an empire , why is ah counted as one ? 
  i do n't expect the defintions to be entirely consistent because the terms are poorly defined and malleable as it is , but at least for myself i attempt to maintain some level of consistency and while i accept that countries like ah or tsarist russia or prussia ( yes , prussia ) were different in comparison to many modern day nation states in that they were held together by different stuff than an idea of strict nationalism , i would still say none of them were empires in a proper sense . 
  damn , that 's a shame . 
  it all seems a bit one sided and that 's a shame . 
  there is no bbc england as such so we get programs from all over the uk but you lot do n't get all that bbc scotland produces , as if scottish television could only ever find a place in the world catering directly to scots . 
  ` tis a shame , cultural exchange should go all ways and benefit everyone . 
  they 're defensive aa missiles dude . 
   the only europe-wide television show is the eurovision song contest , an annual singing competition where nations compete to see who can find the worst band and to humiliate sweden again . 
  ftfy, 
  bit of a kids show imo , if i 'm honest . 
  precisely why i think that i and many others like to explore other nation 's television is * because * there are so few shows for grownups out there these days . 
   eastern-european women are brought into belgium with promises of a dancing career , but get dragged into the dark stripper/hooker scene . 
  belgium just went in my head from being dull and boring to being that guy in the corner at the party with a knife and a grin . 
  i suspect a far greater number of yanks would hate it , yeah . 
  it 's dark , cynical , sarcastic . 
  does n't exactly fit the stereotype does it ? 
  what , you lot do n't get limmy 's show ? 
  obligatory [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ) :, 
   `` can you please recommend a popular and typical tv show from your country ? '', 
  pretty sure we 've shown the killing on bbc 4 xd while i 'm at it , i 'm claiming the bridge and borgen too . 
  they 're now at best ( for you ) anglo-danish collaborations :p . 
  it * kind * of is ` cos of a little thing called democracy . 
  by that definition imperial russia , prussia , the hre , the modern uk , and plenty of other definitely not empire countries would be classed as empires . 
  you know what they say about the holy roman empire right ? 
  not holy , not roman , and not an empire . 
  while empires of course do n't have to be discontiguous , and the term empire is of course malleable , i maintain my opinion that the austro-hugarian empire was in fact , not an empire . 
  the uk and nl , because we 're relatively similar and i think it would work well . 
  or if my home nation goes independent in 2014 , then us and norway , since we 're both all about the oil , share similar political stances , and we talk the same language so long as we 're drunk and they 're sober . 
  it never was a proper empire , but it was a damn cool name and a pretty interesting country . 
  meh , at least ni is a real country , unlike a certain aquatic sounding mammal related one ... 
  this is how every finn ever feels right now . 
  no thanks , we 're progressive , you guys are only just starting to legalise abortion .
