  well , you 've got a few factors converging within reddit . 
  firstly you 've got 230,000,000 people using it on a monthly basis , give or take . 
  so we 're not on some small * elite * community or anything of the sort and should n't expect anything more than we 'd expect from a random citizen of the streets . 
  secondly , you 've got a youthful audience , which combines a greater degree of ignorance and naivety , and cynicism towards established `` traditional '' organisations . 
  on top of that , most people , through no fault of their own , lack the skills to be able to rationally assess evidence as it 's presented to them . 
  so what we end up with is a seductive narrative that appears to not even be a narrative . 
  if the narrative is pointed out as being so , then the response is that the west does not have a monopoly on facts , and that there are russian/chinese facts which are equally true . 
  this is n't really done to convince you of the argument , but rather just to implant in your brain that `` facts '' do n't really mean anything , that there are just competing view points and you can subscribe to basically any of them because they 're all equally valid . 
  i suppose the counter-point to this is : yes , there are facts , some things are true and some things are false . 
  you see that organisations like nato have attempted to do this with the russian armed forces in ukraine . 
  the russians deny something , nato pours through weeks of satellite photos to prove that it is indeed the case . 
  that is asymmetric though as the time it takes to make a claim is 5 seconds and the time it takes to disprove it can be weeks , by which time hundreds more false claims can have been made . 
  it 's complicated . 
  one has to hand it to the russians really , they 've figured out how to use freedom against those of us who worship freedom , turned what has been a strength for a long time into a weakness , and are waging a. ... well not a war , but a cultural conflict , which most people are n't even aware of . 
  nothing is true , everything is possible . 
  it 's such a dangerous view because it 's seductive , appealing to the ignorant and cynical , enabling a feeling of superiority and open mindedness , and allowing for any actions anywhere , so long as they 're done * just * unclearly enough to have maybe been something else . 
   imagine if i was to say ` those in n.i. 
  that are obsessed with living in the uk are probably better off moving to britain ' . 
  i can imagine you saying that , but the analogy would be `` those that are in the roi and obsessed with living in the uk should move to the uk '' . 
   it completely ignores the fact that this is their home too . 
  this is where they grew up . 
  i 'm not ignoring that fact . 
  i recognise that it 's their home , but if your home is n't in the country you want it to be in , and you 're not going to have any success changing what country it lies in , you 're probably , on balance , better off changing your location rather than trying to change where your current location belongs to . 
   the fact that you 're defending thatcher 's supposed position on this is repugnant . 
  i 'm actually not defending her position . 
   oh , and the conflict had little to nothing to do with religion . 
  systemic discrimination against the catholic populace had * nothing * to do with the troubles ... aye . 
   they are living in ireland . 
  everyone in northern ireland is living in ireland . 
  the clue is in the name . 
  living on the island of ireland , sure , i think it was obvious from what i was saying that i was referring to the country ireland . 
   those that are obsessed with living in the union , on the other hand . 
  they are probably better off moving back over to the mainland if it matters to them that much . 
  they do n't need to though , they already live in it . 
   fyi , ni problems have literally nothing to do with religion . 
  systemic discrimination against catholics is fairly widely considered to be one of the causes of the troubles , so ... not sure you 're on point there . 
  you do n't give much to respond to there . 
  repartition probably would have been the only effective long term solution from the protestant view of things , realistically . 
  while the views on what country to belong to may or may not change , the demographics are inevitable . 
  i can understand why she would have come up with this although i do n't think it was ever workable or legitimate . 
  to a good extent , if you just stop systematically discriminating against people for which flavour of god they believe in then you solve a lot of the issues . 
  those in n.i. 
  that * are * obsessed with living in ireland , well indeed they probably are better off moving south of the border if it matters to them that much , but that goes for whatever religion they subscribe to . 
  i 'll eat chips occasionally but that 's it . 
  overfed potatoes growing up ( tatties with every.single.fucking.meal ) and now can happily live without them . 
  i think since leaving home a little over a decade ago i 've bought maybe 4-5 bags of potatoes in total . 
  the british one is just awful also , utterly wrong . 
  whoever made this can not into flegs . 
  we 've still got territory all over the place , just like you guys . 
  not so many plantations anymore though . 
  well , put it this way , i 've literally never met anyone who `` misses '' the empire days . 
  this is in large part due to them being largely dead , but even if we 're talking about people born after the end of the empire , most people would have no interest and those that know about it tend to understand how much of a burden it created towards the end , the injustices committed , etc. 
  the only time i 've seen people `` missing '' it is when the daily mail interviews its readership ( 90 year old brexiteers ) . 
  finland defending pineapple on pizza . 
  that 's the same as italy attacking it and therefore the case is settled . 
  yeah ... that 's scotland . 
  never let it be said that we do n't know how to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . 
  agreed . 
  sauce : am scottish , call myself a britbong . 
  ` cos reasons . 
  history an ' shit . 
  why have one monies when you can have 11 monies ? 
  who 's the genius now eh ? 
   they miss their empire days . 
  oft repeated by continentals , this is vastly over-stated . 
  the vast majority of brits are not spending their days wistfully thinking about `` the good ol' days '' when we had plantations in the carribean . 
  the same page has the number i quoted although that 's a 2014 number - i would imagine there 's some difference in counting though given that there 's no way the combined militaries of the eu have increased in manpower by 400,000 in two years . 
  like i said though , it 's not just a numbers game , and looking at it in such a way is far too simplistic to be useful . 
  i 'd be dubious of russian claims on hit probability personally , especially when they 're as high as that . 
  s-300 and s-400 are currently the big fears as they 're theatre level . 
  the updated buk may have a very good hit probability but that 's on targets it can see , and whether it 'll be able to detect 5th gen stealth aircraft is very much yet to be proven . 
   carriers have best and highest radars in any fleet i 'd check your facts on that one mate , while it 's hard to say that there is a `` best '' ( for what ? ), 
  radar , the an/spy -1 and sampson are pretty much the pre-eminent air defence radars globally . 
  you are right to extent that sea skimming missiles pose dangers . 
  for this reason , radar masts are getting higher . 
  on top of that a cbg uses aircraft aloft which can detect things like incoming missiles and provide over-watch for the group . 
  in addition , vessels which might * fire * these ashms can be detected at long ranges if they 're surface vessels , and then be destroyed . 
   aircrafts going to anywhere near russian air-defense ? 
  that 's suicide ... we 'll see on that one , it 'll be interesting to discover in time whether the f-35 and f-22 are able to overcome the problems that s-300 and s-400 pose . 
  it 's 1.4 million according to wackopeeja , with 417,000 deployable ground forces , but how many of them are useful ? 
  how many can be deployed at once , do the militaries which have large numbers of troops have large logistics capabilities ? 
  are the troops well trained , are they even basically trained ? 
  how many of those troops can get to the eastern border and how fast ? 
  how much damage can be inflicted prior to them doing so ? 
  do the germans have enough broomsticks ? 
  can we stop an enemy from annexing a small nation or a portion of a larger one prior to arriving in serious enough numbers to fight ? 
  if not , do we have the capabilities to fight against a dug in enemy ? 
  people are far too complacent about the militaries of the eu being able to defeat an invasion of eastern europe . 
  right but to focus on that specific area , look at an/spy -1 or sampson , the former has a disclosed range of 100 + nm , while the latter has a disclosed range of 400 km , both are quite probably low balls because navies tend not to realise specs for full product potential . 
  the carrier does n't defend itself , thats what the anti-air destroyers are for . 
  a us carrier battle group ( they call them carrier strike groups now but same thing ) has a guided missile cruiser and probably a couple of guided missile destroyers sailing with it . 
  those three escorts are primarily there to protect the carrier . 
  a carrier is also loaded to the gills with aircraft and one of their jobs will be to go out and kill anything capable of launching attacks on the carrier . 
  on top of * that * , anyone who wants to fire a missile at a carrier has to be able to * find * the carrier , which is easier said than done , especially if that carrier can move at 40 + knots indefinitely . 
  the sea is big , and while people imagine that an enemy might know precisely where all your ships are all the time , in reality that 's not the case . 
  you can send maritime patrol aircraft to look for them , but how long is a maritime patrol aircraft going to last if it does get within the range of a cbgs strike ? 
  it 's a big , complicated , technical game . 
  i find it all hugely interesting , but simple is most certainly is n't . 
  russia has a lot of a product though , and they 're plumbed in to supply it to europe . 
  if there were choices which europe could enact cheaply and quickly it would have been done a long time ago so we could stop funding russia .
