  many do seem to feel that equality of outcomes is damaging to them , and there are valid arguments on both sides there . 
  i ca n't help but feel that this argument is a common strawman , and i do wonder at times whether the understanding gap between the two groups here is really that big , or whether arguments like this are brought out to score points ( no offence intended here , it just seems so unlikely that members of feminist groups and mra groups would have such profound misunderstanding of each other ) . 
   what do you think men 's rights groups fight for versus feminism ? 
  if i 've understood your question properly , then plenty : there are plenty of areas in my own society ( uk ) at least where men do n't come out very well . 
  occupational health , paternity rights , discrimination cutting both ways , recognition of domestic violence and rape even * occurring * against men . 
  there are plenty of issues which predominantly affect men , or which affect men and women but are only currently really cared about with women . 
  mens groups have a valid cause to pursue there , and i do n't see how anyone who seeks equality can disagree with that . 
  i think you were downvoted due to your call for censorship . 
  we can self-censor here afterall , so appeals to moderator based censorship look like an appeal to a greater power when one is unable to argue convincingly or accept disagreement . 
  i would add that probably the majority of people saying `` feminazis '' are referring to the crazier fringes of feminism , and not all feminists . 
  i agree the term is unhelpful and immature though . 
  as for your claim that mras are hate groups , i think you could probably do with rather a lot more research yourself before you talk of equal rights groups . 
  i 'm an egalitarian , i do n't care to align myself particuarly with feminists or mras , however to espouse the need for one and outright deny the validity of another ( and not even just this , but to slander them with emotional rhetoric at the same time ) is childish , it is to follow a ridiculous dichotomy , and it is not constructive . 
   these troops could easily be deployed to the baltic states to assist in any `` rebel '' uprisings and squash them immediately . 
  20,000 troops ... easily forward deployed ? 
  what are you on ? 
  i lament the lack of involvement of the uk . 
  we could be forming political alliances with some northern , central , and eastern nations in the eu to form a block to counter germany , and with us in that it 'd have serious political clout , but instead we stand at the sidelines saying `` see , the eu is crap '' . 
  sad :(, 
  it looks from here like germany is tearing apart the union by just pressing ahead with its demands against the will of most other countries , and against both the eu 's own rules and the un 's requirements on refugees . 
  it seems self-destructive on the part of germany , to my eyes . 
  this is why i think the uk needs to be involved in a far bigger way though , because that would have the potential to bring in a big country which agrees with most of our small eastern neighbors . 
  i 'm * still * a pro-eu federalist but i think this has shown that the eu needs a major rebalancing with the uk * much * more firmly * in * . 
  currently we have germany basically just dictating to all the small countries , and the uk , the only country who would agree with the smaller central and eastern countries , is able to stand by the sidelines and just keep quiet . 
  what we need is to make the eu less `` germoney says do this '' . 
  based hungary gets mad respect from much of europe for their heroic actions , methinks . 
  most fighters are now . 
  a traitorous one . 
  this is just the military making it clear they 'll protect the country against crazy leaders . 
  it 's not as big a deal as people might think . 
  between mi5 , the shady background powerful people , and the military , there are plenty of people looking to maintain the uk the way it is , and they wo n't let rogue politicians break that . 
  our military are loyal to queen and country afterall , not to parliament . 
  have n't read much then have you eh champ ? 
  not sourcing but this is true , some fighters are n't even as stable without them as they are with ( f-16 for example ) . 
  generally a fighter will at least carry two short range anti air missiles when it flies . 
  that 's rubbish mate , the f-35 is one of the most advanced fighter aircraft on the planet , along with the f-22 . 
  people love to hate it but the truth is most aircraft take time to develop and deploy , and the f-35 has a lot of detractors who listen to that bozo pierre sprey ( who famously claims - lies - to be `` the '' f-16 designer ) . 
  it 's a great aircraft , and it 'll give our air forces an edge over every other air force which does n't have it . 
  i 've fired plenty of .22 's , and the british army service rifle a fair bit . 
  i could still field strip one of those bad boys with ease , although not sure if i could do it blindfolded anymore . 
  that said , guns are extremely highly regulated in the uk so as much as i 'd love to live in a place where i could pop down to my local gun club and put some rounds down range , it 's just not worth the expense and difficulty of doing so in britain . 
  we have a few million indians , you have a few million southern europeans . 
  we had the poles , you had the north africans . 
  our countries really are n't that different in terms of immigration . 
  and people say the brits ca n't let go of past glories ... 
  you have a million romanians and half a million north africans in your country right now , amongst many others . 
  aside from a comparatively small number from the carribean , and the odd other ten thousand or twenty thousand , immigration to the uk has been pretty normal for a european country , although slightly harder because of our moat . 
  look who 's talkin , 
  which would be good . 
  that would be the ideal option . 
  cold , if you 've been at the beach you 've got a cold . 
  having the cold makes you miserable and sucks . 
  having the flu puts you in bed , often shitting your guts out or throwing up all over the place , sweating like a paedo in a playground and running a crazy high fever . 
   i 'm not used to people being called scum in this subreddit as long as i 've been here and it 's getting to me . 
  i called people scum ? 
  i apologise if so . 
   i resented the implication that libya 's opinion on her borders is irrelevant if europe is to secure hers . 
  you 're proposing a very severe violation of international law that i took particular offense to . 
  not an excuse , but it 's why i reacted that way to bring pro-iraq war . 
  i understand your point of view , i really do , i think i used to subscribe to it to . 
  i guess ultimately i feel that the rules of the international world exist to serve humanity , and when they fail to serve humanity and especially if they make things worse , then it 's not only acceptable , but even imperative to break those rules . 
  humans have a long history of making rules and sometimes they 're good and sometimes they 're not so good , sometimes they 're intended to be good but in the long run turn out to be imperfect . 
  ultimately , a certain level of moral development leads anyone to follow their own in built rules , and going by my own sense of morality i 'm perfectly happy for my country to breach the sovereignty of another nation if that prevents state sponsored mass murder or genocide . 
  it 's a very complicated issue though . 
  i 'm careful about `` pro-refugee '' arguments , because i realise that there are people in europe who 'd accept everyone into our union and by doing so endanger our own ability to help in the future . 
  a wise man does what he can , an unwise man does more than he can , and in doing so ruins both his own life and his ability to help in the future . 
  the thing is , you said :  you see no problem violating the sovereignty of weaker countries if it serves your interests which was a jump to conclusions in as much as that you were suggesting that i supported the invasion of iraq for the same reasons that it was carried out . 
  i was very particular in saying that i supported it in a limited fashion , as i did n't disagree with the concept of removing a totalitarian dictator who had gassed his own people , however i disagreed with both the manner in which it was sold to the public in western countries and the awful manner in which it was executed . 
  my having said it in that very precise way , for you to then jump to that accusation suggested to me that you were n't willing to be [ charitable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principle_of_charity ) in approaching what i was saying , which is a courtesy i always attempt to ensure i extend to those i 'm discussing things with , so long as they remain civil and polite , which for the most part i 'd say you have . 
  essentially , it seemed a little like you were more interested in winning the argument than having a discussion , and i frequently bow out when i get that impression as i 'm only interested in the exchange of ideas , and got tired of just `` winning the argument '' many moons ago  cheers , 
  i appreciate your question , i was asking because i wanted to know if we had a gap between our language , in which case i would have put in extra effort to clarify , or if we had a gap in our willingness or ability to discuss in an honest and approachable manner . 
  unfortunately the gap is in the latter , and not the former , so i think it may be pointless for us to continue this conversation . 
  good evening . 
  i mean this as an entirely serious question : is english your first language ? 
  no , if it serves the interests of liberty and human rights , hence why i said `` in a limited fashion '' . 
  of course you jumped to conclusions and so got it wrong . 
  i actually am in a limited fashion , although that does n't really relate to the issue we were talking about . 
  see , i always take the view that statements like this are confusing because they conflate two different things . 
  you * identify * as catalan , and no-one but you decides that . 
  you * are * spanish though . 
  i mean , almost every human on this planet is a citizen of a nation , you are a citizen of spain . 
  whatever else you are , or identify as , you are spanish . 
  some from south eastern europe , not many any more now thankfully , but now we have all the refugees and illegals who think our streets are paved with gold , we 'll give them a free car and money every week and a nice big house the day they arrive . 
  to be fair , we do actually do our best to house refugees or at least keep a roof over their heads , and we do give them free money ( although , # 35 a week , so , very very little ) while their application is being processed because they 're not allowed to work . 
  the problem is when the expectations of this nice rich life are met with the reality of being an illiterate sudanese man in a city like london , there is inevitably going to be disappointment , disengagement from society , and all the various problems that follow on from having an underclass in our society . 
   1 ) it becomes part of the uk as any other constituent country ( or as ceuta in the case of spain ) ; what does this have to do with you what our arrangement with gib is ? 
  i mean , you 've * already * recognised it , you signed the damn treaty to give us it . 
  you 've also tried a few times since then to take it off us by force . 
   taxes are way far of the tax haven they already are . 
  there are plenty of tax havens in the world , i do n't see your border guard shooting at andorrans . 
   for me , the question is when will it lose its colony status `` colony '' ... they 're happy with their status , we 're happy with it , i do n't see why it 's anyone else 's business what constitutional framework we use . 
  you guys have your two patches of land across the water are n't morally any different , just because you 've decided to count them as metropolitan spain does n't change the fact that they 're exclaves in another country which would rather like their territory back . 
   about its european membership , it is not inside the customs union and it is quoted as a `` special case '' territory in communitarian law . 
  so it 's not part of the eu as germany , france or spain can be . 
  it 's part of the eu in the same way as the uk is though , having joined via us , and being represented at the eu by us . 
   we can not understand each other i think i * understand * where you 're coming from , but i just think it 's very twisted , and i think that very often spanish people feel that because gibraltar is part of the iberian peninsula and is surrounded by spain that somehow spain has some extra rights over its fate and what happens with it , where-as in fact spain has no more right to make demands or to influence gibraltar than poland or denmark do . 
  you say `` the spaniards '' as if you 're not one of them , but you are ... 
  the uk `` lost '' considerably more than you lot did and we 're not about to go cutting up the nation into little pieces unless we absolutely have to . 
  one way or the other , it does n't make it fair or right . 
  one a sovereign nation 's main roles is internal and external defence , to defend its citizenry and to defend its territory , that 's a core role , to defend territory .
