  a minute ago you were complaining that the uk objects to everything and stalls negotiations , now you 're annoyed at the uk for supporting something and advancing negotiations . 
  how do you even manage to make a bowl of cereal in the morning ? 
  oh whine whine whine , as if any major european power was n't spying on everybody . 
  everybody spies on everybody , get over it . 
  you think the bundeswehr is n't under us political influence ? 
  if so , you 're deluded . 
  all nations have some influence , the most powerful nation on the planet obviously has the most . 
  the uk might have interests which align with the us 's more often than germany does , especially due to our lack of aversion to military conflict , but that does n't exactly make us a proxy for them . 
  you 're right , we should just buy a bunch of biplanes and spears . 
  it was the last time . 
  european norms are shite , that 's my point . 
  a bunch of old f-16 's and some obsolete phantoms does not make for a capable military . 
  largest , perhaps , but a lot of those aircraft are ancient . 
  malta is tiny . 
  the two i was referring to are the uk and france . 
  the german military lacks in both actual capabilities and also in political usability . 
  why not ? 
  we 're one of the only two credible military forces in the eu currently . 
  ireland is n't neutral , no matter what it claims , as it 's part of the eu , and therefore bound by the common security and defence policy . 
  not much of a riposte ... 
  words , * literally * do not kill . 
  they are sound waves which express ideas and thought . 
  physical actions harm people . 
  i 'm not being naive , i 'm accepting that human beings are responsible for their actions and that it 's not right that any one person decide what is or is n't appropriate for others to hear , say , or think . 
  if you want to control words you want to control the thoughts a person has or does n't have , and that 's one of the worst aspects of totalitarianism - even when applied in isolation in a relatively liberal democratic nation it 's still an awful thing . 
  how condescending of you , perhaps you will . 
  murder kills people . 
  words do n't kill people . 
  well , you can not call it that if you want but that 's what the word means . 
  why does it frighten you that people can speak freely ? 
   no , that 's the whole point . 
  if you call something `` censorship '' or `` fhkhekg '' does n't really matter . 
  well actually our discussion was simply about whether this was or was n't censorship , but hey , i 'll engage . 
  i think it 's fine for people to say things , whether i like them or not . 
  glad you decided to concede that point . 
  good when someone can admit they were wrong . 
  in my mind it 's bad , but that 's a different conversation really . 
  of course it is you silly man . 
  right . 
  in this case that freedom is being limited by censorship . 
  it is censorship you silly . 
   i myself am more of a dog person . 
  you did always strike me as a pack animal . 
   no , it 's a euphemism for `` you do n't know '' . 
  ah but you do . 
  i 'm glad you 're here to tell me what i believe , it 's always nice to have someone invalidate my personal experience and self-knowledge with their own . 
   chinatown is . 
  tasty food , but the sushi is always overpriced . 
   if you ca n't find the answer on your own , you 're not ready to handle the answer yet . 
  is that turnusb speak for `` i do n't know '' ? 
  i wonder which chinaland is best chinaland . 
  wait i 'm xenophobic now ? 
  who against ? 
  wait , there are two chinas now ? 
  is that like the korea thing ? 
  oh whoops sorry , i see red and i think soviet . 
  [ china it is !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv1zjczppmc ), 
  turnusb you like elton john ? 
  i thought you 'd be all about [ this sorta thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91kdwxfsthi ), 
  oh that 's ok , we all make mistakes . 
  your what ? 
  that seems kind of rude , i was just giving a compliment . 
  thanks man , i appreciate the praise . 
  you 're so supportive these days !, 
  you 're right , i 'm a very lucky lady . 
  hey , being white and male has to have some perks eh ? 
  maybe . 
   ... seriously ? 
  this has positive upvotes ? 
  this subreddit is disgustingly good fun . 
  ftfy, 
  you mean food from the colonies ? 
  indeed , very bad stuff . 
  thankfully those are just export licenses , and while i disagree with them all as the article says britain has stopped well over 100 arms exports to russia since crimea and is not exporting arms to them at the current time . 
  arms export licenses and arms exports are different things , although with luck we will swiftly see those licenses rescinded . 
   let me put it this way : if you support the eu/nato and oppose what russia 's doing , that 's a hypocritical double standard . 
  unfortunately , it 's a hypocritical double standard all of our propaganda sources are pushing endlessly without one bit of self-awareness . 
  please explain why you think this . 
   people say we consider eastern europeans `` worthless '' by ignoring russia 's re-asserting its authority in its historic sphere of influence - it 's the exact opposite , you consider them lesser human beings if you think they need your help to keep russia from doing the exact same thing that 's happening to european countries in the eu without my consent and against my will . 
  how do you feel that voluntary eu expansion is the same thing as forced annexation ? 
   then what exactly is it that you 're proposing ? 
  more sanctions that just hurt our economy and innocent russians and fail to deter the russian leadership in any way ? 
  in fact i 'm not sure what the solution to this problem currently is . 
  it 's a very complicated issue . 
   russia views the eu as an enemy as long as eu is functionally a slave to the usa ( via nato ) . 
  oh grow up man !, 
  nato is just a military alliance , and one in which eu countries do very well out of ( what with the us ponying up far more of the cash for it all than we do ) . 
   also , all russia 's doing is asserting its authority in its former client states which is compeltely immoral and utterly assholish behaviour . 
  those nations are independent . 
   i do n't see this principally any different than european states forming the eu who did we conquer ? 
  are you nuts man ? 
  how can you see annexation the same as voluntarily joining a confederation of nation states ? 
   we 're trying to make them into an enemy for doing the exact same thing we 've been doing , just because they 're doing in a way we do n't currently approve of . 
  you 're going to have to explain how on earth you think we 've been doing the same thing they have ( or vice versa ) because honestly that just seems to be an absurd claim to me . 
   also , as i 've pointed out above , you 're delusional if you think any third party will go to war with russia over the ukraine . 
  i never made that claim , so i 'm not sure why you continue to raise it . 
  russia is n't an enemy ? 
  what planet are you on ? 
  russia pose the largest threat to the eu of any nation on earth .
