  well you 're arguing they deserve an artificially high wage , that 's another argument but it 's perfectly clear that in terms of market value janitors are considerably over-paid while ceos and most other managers are paid precisely what the market values them at . 
   we 're going in circles , let 's agree to disagree . 
  no , not on that point , sorry . 
  that was a statement of fact , not an opening to debate . 
   there will be political resistance from all sides , because everyone has a little exemption and adaptation they 'd like to preserve or at least be compensated for . 
  sad , but that 's how it is . 
  well obviously yes there 's political opinion on any decision . 
  i was pointing out that there 's no practical boundary to a flat rate of taxation . 
  obviously if there was no political opposition to it we 'd already have it in place and this conversation would be moot . 
   i do n't say that those positions are well paid because they are rare , i say that well-paying positions are rare . 
  i agree , but your point is lost on me once more . 
   the people who are constantly arguing that wages are too high ( except their own wage , because they 're oh so capable , naturally ) . 
  i do n't think there are many arguing this . 
  janitors earn what the free markets deem them worth ( actually most janitors earn way more than they 're worth as they have an artifiical minimum wage set by legislation ) . 
  this is n't some `` us against them '' or `` them against us '' scenario . 
  people are paid according to the value of their skills in society , and this value is predominantly determined by experience and rarity of skills . 
  just to pre-empt the obvious : international men 's day is on the 19th of november . 
  now honestly i think both are a little bit on the silly side for a variety of reasons , but hey , at least there 's balance and recognition , even if most european women wo n't be bringing chocolates and flowers into the workplace on november 19th . 
  as long as we keep teaching anyone that the earning potential of an art history degree is equivalent to that of a stem degree , none of these stats will change  . 
   the graduated tax tries to do something similar , but because it 's all historically grown you ca n't just tabula rasa everything and replace it with a simpler system , even though that would be better for many reasons . 
  we have both tax free allowance and graduated tax in the uk . 
  there is no good reason you could n't abolish graduated tax percentages tomorrow if one wanted . 
   you imply those people earn a lot because they work harder/better ... but most positions that pay a lot are in short supply because they require subordinates . 
  so only a few are paid well because well-paying places are limited , not because they are more effective . 
  not all positions which are limited in number are well paid though . 
  lighthouse keepers are not well paid . 
  forest rangers are not well paid . 
  pay is not determined by the number of positions which exist of a role , but rather relate to the rarity of the skills required to successfully perform that role . 
  surely you see this ? 
   i do n't see why that necessitates that the lowest wages have to be so low , or why the difference has to be so high . 
  somebody has to be the janitor , why screw him over financially ? 
  who is screwing him ? 
   i prefer an additional correction that exempts the minimal living expenses for everyone , what 's left can be taxed with the same percentage . 
  that would mean giving a tax free allowance of perhaps # 12,000 per year but beyond that not having a graduated tax percentage , which i think currently all eu nations have . 
   that does n't change my statement . 
  most well-earning positions are some kind of representative or decision making position , and by definition only a small percentage of an organisation can be a decision maker . 
  you ca n't inherently blame people for not increasing the pie in a zero-sum game . 
  sorry , i lost you , what 's your point ? 
   they might very well have the capabilities required , but did n't have the connections that allowed them to get the opportunities to develop those . 
  possible but in most cases will not be the case . 
  it 's not as if 1/3 janitors you meet actually have a phd kicking about in their attic is it ? 
  lets be realistic now , people have different skills and different skills are worth different amounts . 
  to pretend otherwise is childish . 
  indeed it would , although by using non-toxic metals no harm would come of anyone who swallowed a shot or two . 
  non-toxic buckshot has existed for quite some years . 
  that said , shooting a deer with a shotgun is a horrible idea , and as you say any competant butcher will be able to remove the bullet from a dead animal . 
  you can remove the bullets ... also , modern bullets can be made of bismuth , tungsten , etc. 
  in order to be non-toxic in the event of fragments ( or shot ) being swallowed . 
   i do n't see any particular reason why a flat percentage would be more fair than the current system . 
  because it asks each person for the same percentage of their time . 
  it takes , in time terms , equally from each person . 
   let 's not pretend these people are supermen that have incomes that are higher than those of a thousand others combined because they do the work of a thousand people . 
  i said the top 5-10 % , not the top 0.000001 % . 
   there 's only a vague connection between income and merit . 
  oh that 's nonsense and you know it . 
  a top scientist is wasted mopping floors , and a greasy spoon frier cook is not going to be as good at running a 40,000 person organisation as a top manager is . 
  and yet by making taxation a flat percentage the rich would already pay that much greater contribution completely in line with their increased earning potential . 
  still we go further and tax them * even more * by having graduated taxation percentages for the wealthy . 
  lets not pretend the top 5-10 % are n't paying considerably more than their fair share already . 
  without them , our societies would cease to be able to have universal healthcare , benefits for the sick and unemployed and many other government benefits currently in existence . 
  taxation takes stuff , stuff costs money , money costs time . 
  same thing , essentially . 
  just different by degree . 
   i think you 're foolish to do so . 
  for example , how many men do you think might be nervous about seeking positions as child caretakers , because of gender stereotypes ? 
  sorry that 's actually a valid point , in certain industries i 'd agree there remains bias for non-monetary reasons . 
  anything involving men and kids . 
   how many women do you think avoid jobs in male-dominated areas for fear of harassment ? 
  the feeling of possibly being harrassed ! = being harrassed . 
  we have employment tribunals to deal with this shit . 
   a question is not a straw man . 
  it 's a question with the obvious answer of `` of course that 's not what i 'm saying '' . 
   if you legitimately hold this beliefs , you really need to meet more women . 
  i know one or two   of course it 's a lot easier today , and we have achieved a lot in terms of giving women the freedom to pursue their way in life , but we 're certainly not at journey 's end , and as a foreigner living in the uk , certainly not here in south england , where conservative and traditional values rule . 
  so you 're claiming there 's a systemic bias towards males which is undetectable enough that it ca n't be fought by discrimation laws and tribunals yet obvious enough that women are systemically being turned down for jobs on the basis of their gender ? 
  it 's totally speculative and requires a fair old leap of the noggin . 
  do n't bother taxing , we can just kill them and take their money . 
  fuck 'em , they 're rich so they deserve amirite guiz ? 
   so you 're saying that gender-based discrimination does n't exist anymore ? 
  of course beliefs persist , but legislation prohibits action taken on that , and i do argue that widespread systemic gender based discrimination no longer exists , yes . 
   you 're saying that there is zero stereotyping of females going on in certain circles , preventing females from entering powerful positions ? 
  no , but nice straw man . 
   as an englishman , you 're keeping a straight face while claiming that there 's no such things as the `` boys ' club '' ? 
  keep up now , as i say , there exists legislation . 
  you 're never going to stamp out 100 % of all discrimatory beliefs and even with legislation you 're not going to stamp out 100 % of people acting on those beliefs , but you can get to the point where discrimination is not systemic within society , and we reached that point quite some time ago . 
  it 's an utter myth but nevertheless one which continues to go without question in most spheres . 
   people have different ages , experience , etc. 
  and even for two men doing the same job at the same company , there are pay differences . 
  sure , where pay is negotiated based on individual skills or experience . 
   it might be a better deal to hire women , but that does n't mean that managers think it like this . 
  i 've heard this argument , aside from patently decreasing competitiveness and implying some sort of borderline conspiratorial bias among the managerial classes of society which is n't present elsewhere , as i said , the obvious solution to these complaints is 50 % of each job for each gender . 
   and simply being less likely to do any unpaid overtime . 
  right , so , not really doing the same job then ? 
   in the eu , a man get 20 % more money than a woman for doing the same job . 
  nonsense mate , there 's clear legislation prohibiting this . 
  if this * were * the case , then the problem of gender inequality would be that no company would hire men , because they 'd be 20 % more expensive . 
  this is n't about equal opportunity this , this is about equality of outcomes - and no-one ever argues that 50 % of construction workers , of fishermen , of miners , should be female . 
  equal opportunity already exists , the argument here is about outcomes . 
  only ceos , bankers , politicians . 
  the cushy jobs , the well paid ones .
