  perhaps , this , again , remains to be seen . 
  do n't get me wrong , you might be right , cyprus * might * just be making a collapse of their banking system considerably worse than it otherwise would have been . 
  on the other hand a collapse is so bloody bad for any country , especially within the context of the eurozone , that countries are willing to try stuff like this to avert it because , ultimately , wiping out 7-10 % of people 's savings is n't really that big a deal in comparison to the collapse of a countries banking system . 
  i mean lets face it , people are losing just over 2-3 years worth of interest at current cypriot rates . 
  that 's not really that far off from the effects qe has had in many countries since the recession started . 
  while i do understand the outrage and disgust this measure has caused , i think viewing it as a messy form of qe is the healthiest decision for all - that 's what it 's essentially getting at , and the net effects are no worse than qe would be . 
  they 're welcome to try . 
  this is n't a breach of contract though as such because it 's a governmental decree . 
  the government is the one organising this , and the government in every country have ultimate authority to essentially do whatever they want ( one of the considerably distasteful parts of sovereignty ) . 
  if the * banks * were to have said `` we 're deducting 10 % from your balance '' then yes , i 'd agree this would be a breach of contract and subject to legal complaint . 
  however it 's not the banks , it 's the government . 
  beyond all that , i really do n't think it 's wise for depositors to either attempt to withdraw all their money or to launch legal action . 
  as it is , they get to keep 90 % of their money - if the banks collapse they 'll get basically none of their money . 
  i 'm not saying that is n't a shitty situation , just that if you 've got the choice between 90 % and 0 % , you should take the former . 
  you 're asking why are banks allowed to leverage ? 
  essentially , because it means we all get richer . 
  that 's why it 's allowed . 
  you and i , in normal times , get marginally richer . 
  we might get maybe an effective increase of 1-2 % of our wealth per year . 
  many others get considerably richer , and so for this reason this `` gambling '' as you put it ( which , while not accurate , is not completely off the mark ) , is permitted the essential issue being that if people do not wish to have their money gambled with , then they can choose to bank with banks which do not leverage or which do not highly leverage their capital . 
  yes , and the eu itself wanted this however the cypriot government has rejected it . 
  nevertheless if the cypriot government had control of its own monetary policy it would carry out qe to equal effect nevertheless , the money is gone and i do n't see why people are obsessed with the idea that this is average citizens propping up banks , it 's average citizens getting to keep 90 % of their money instead of 0 % . 
  or rather , those above the 100k , since obviously if the banks * did * actually collapse people would be protected but he deposit scheme ( ironically a better outcome for someone with 10k , but not for 1 million ) still , there just seems to be such a great deal of ignorance around this whole issue , it 's perplexing . 
  they 're not confiscating it , it 's already gone , they 're telling people that they 're taking a haircut on their savings because they invested in banks which would otherwise shortly collapse . 
  why do so few people get this very fucking basic fact behind the whole god damn thing ? 
  is banking this complicated ? 
  what a complete and utter cunt . 
  banks are going to fail , the eu offers a solution on their own terms , and that makes them evil monsters ?!? 
  seriously , what an absolute fucking cunt this man is . 
  is it just me that views this whole thing as qe for countries that ca n't do qe ? 
  i do n't see what people expect , that the banks just be allowed to collapse taking out 100 % of people 's savings ? 
  you 're quite unnecessarily rude m. bagge . 
  i 'm making points in favour of limited use of physical force by parents , and then you ask me to confirm a non-sequitur which is the conclusion you 've drawn from what i 've written , and upon my disagreeing with this you then conclude that if your mistaken impression of my point is not true , then there is no point . 
  if all you 're after here is to experience that adorable feeling of superiority and to smugly sit and think how barbaric those stupid british people are then fine , you go ahead and have that if it makes you happy  otherwise , you 're going to recognise that my argument maybe ca n't be reduced to that yes/no conclusion . 
  no i 'm not . 
   if you need to smack your kid to do as you say you should perhaps think about how you are as a parent . 
  ah the old `` everyone can be reasoned with '' so i 'm a better parent than you argument - nice and condescending that . 
  never heard that before ... you must have amazingly well behaved toddlers in sweden . 
   is a good example of how you probably view your kids . 
  children exist in a level of fairly low development for the first 5 years . 
  it 's only at around the 20-24 month stage that they become capable of understanding that there 's a separation between them as an entity and the rest of the universe . 
  i mean , we 're talking really low functioning here . 
  that 's not a criticism , it 's a reality . 
   it is actually perfectly possible to reason with a say 2 year old ( depending on the maturity ) . 
  sometimes it 's possible to convince them , but 2 year olds are fundamentally unreasonable creatures , like cats , or some mentally ill people . 
   they will understand that a hot stove is dangerous . 
  they might , or they might not . 
  if you 're in the middle of cooking dinner and your child keeps reaching for the stove saying '' < name  , stop that at once '' or '' < name  do n't touch the stove , it 's hot and you 'll hurt yourself ! '', 
  may or may not work . 
  if it does n't work and you need to stop your child from reaching for that stove immediately , smacking is a pretty effective technique at stopping most kids dead in their tracks . 
   then if they would touch it , they would touch it and get a blister . 
  or maybe they lose a finger , or maybe they walk over that road i mentioned earlier and get run over . 
  kids without adults are remarkably good at damaging themselves . 
  i still have a scar from where i pulled a glass fruit bowl onto my head as a very young kid because i was curious what was in it , thankfully i lowered my head as it came onto me , otherwise instead of having cuts on the back of my head i could be blind today . 
   what is the hitting accomplishing here ? 
  smacking stops a child doing whatever it 's doing instantly . 
  in a way which shouting or discussing often just wo n't . 
   first they learn a lesson , then you hit them . 
  do n't follow what you mean by this . 
  kids are n't learning lessons when you prevent them from getting themselves hurt or killed , they 're just being prevented from being hurt or killed . 
  if in that process they learn that dominant authority has the justified right to the use of force as a last resort then they 're learning a very accurate life lesson . 
   in gaelic ( scotland 's native language ) , it 's called alba . 
  which a latin teacher told me means island . 
  i do n't know if that 's true though . 
  bitch please ... pictish !, 
   there are in fact many countries were we happen to manage to bring up kids without `` smacking '' them . 
  yes and it 's not like society fell apart in the uk when it was made illegal , it 's just that it 's the unnecessary removal of a parenting tool which is a valid , reasonable use of force to prevent a child from doing themselves or others harm . 
   you spend most of your time to teach your kids right from wrong . 
  then you as an adult are allowed to smack them ?!, 
  explain the logic here . 
  because it 's not wrong . 
  a parent smacking their child to stop them from continually reaching to touch a hot stove or to stop them running across a busy road is doing nothing different than police restraining a suicidal or mentally ill person . 
  this idiotic idea that the use of force is always wrong needs to go . 
  the * legal , moral * use of force underpins a lot of society , and force is * always * the final resort when reasoned debate or discussion ca n't function . 
  as a result of kids of the sort of age where you 'd smack them not being reasonable creatures , force is a parenting tool which is effective and fair enough . 
  it does no physical damage and yes , it demonstrates to kids that ultimately the world comes down to the legitimate use of force . 
  all this bullshit about calling it child abuse or legitimising violence is spouted by people who 're either intentionally conflating a light smack and a severe beating , or are just retarded . 
  no , really ? 
  christ ... ca n't make a bad joke around here ... 
  this whole hullabaloo over `` smacking '' is ridiculous . 
  a tap with an open palm will make a 4 year old behave , it 's in no way the same thing as beating the shit out of your teenage son after drinking six cans of lager and getting belligerent . 
  people who call this child abuse are deluded , and all this crap about sending `` the wrong message '' is just that , crap . 
  if a person can not be reasoned with and they 're a danger to themselves or others force is used , this applies to adults , and parents should be legally allowed to apply it to their children also . 
  people who refuse to acknowledge the difference between a very light open palmed noisy `` smack '' delivered to a misbehaving infant , and heavily beating your children annoy the shit out of me . 
  it 's like they 're kicking up a fuss simply because they can . 
   corrupt scandinavian umm , so like what , 2 or 3 dudes ? 
  well , people from north and francophone africa , yes . 
  if you look at demographic maps of paris you 'll see . 
  take a guess , 
  of course :p, 
  i think the idea of a nation with 30-40 languages is quite ... problematic . 
  it does seem logical and preferable to me that english become the day to day working language of the eu organisations . 
  that said , i do n't expect people in finland to stop speaking finnish , or you lot to stop speaking danish . 
  just that the eu parliament , organisations , etc. 
  would be carrying out their business in english - it seems dangerously imprecise to be constantly translating between two or three languages just to hear what someone has said . 
  yes , i found this afterwards , although in truth it was a joke because there 's no such thing as heaven so they 're not getting in anyway . 
  51 % and rising ... we 're getting there , not there yet though . 
  does this mean they do n't get into heaven ? 
  well keepthepace is saying that they want everyone to be able to read the work in its original form , without translation . 
  the most logical way for that to occur is for everyone to use english for all documents .
