  having to stand holding 30kg of luggage for 90 minutes because there are no seats and no space for luggage sucks balls . 
  non-inclusion of externalities is not a subsidy . 
  do n't be so dishonest eh ? 
  sticks and stones may break my bones but words will land you in jail , thoughtcriminal . 
  that was fun . 
  again , again !, 
  i 'd say in the uk it 's 50:50 whatsapp/fb-m for most people i know . 
  i 'm utterly ambivalent about whether i whatapp or fb someone , and pick basically at random . 
  i often stick with whatever tradition the person i 'm speaking to uses . 
  with one or two of my friends it 's basically always text , with several it 's fb only , and then with some it 's whatsapp only . 
  my partner is spanish and uses whatsapp as the preferred method of getting in touch , and it 's pretty much always me that initiates chat in fb , but we 'll use both . 
  i have noticed that spaniards do use whatsapp in preference to everything else , and use it to a much greater degree than us brits . 
  i 've got most of my friends on whatsapp and will chat with many of them on there , but my partner has all friends , many groups , family , a group for just family . 
  for me it 's just another tool in the box , for spanish people it 's * the * tool . 
  i do n't really care . 
  i have unlimited texts on a cheap phone package , and 2gb of data ( text chat uses almost no data ) so in terms of cost it 's all included in my package . 
  on a scale to 1 to 7 i 'd say i 'd give it ... banana . 
  well , it 's not in any serious international sense . 
  it 's not a sovereign nation . 
  what the fuck are * you * talking about ? 
  well , england was n't a country in 1946 , so while true , it 's hardly false to say it was invented in the uk . 
  i know , hence my ability to name it . 
  we do have one though , it 's called cap . 
  it 's just not a permanent solution . 
  either national governments are going to have to invest in national food production to ensure security or we 're just going to have to stop producing at the level we are . 
  you think that 's french ? 
  goodness , poor moldova , pigs heads for dinner and knows nothing about other food :(, 
  haha , good attempt but i think you 'd upset a lot more irish people by `` mistaking '' the uk flag for theirs than you would us brits :d [ modern british cuisine ] ( http://restaurantcheshire.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/239a193bf3dde00cdbaff494fed1ef4e.jpg ) is a wee bit better than your [ `` delicacies '' ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/b1/f8/c6/b1f8c6f62af106622759181272832484.jpg ), 
  now now moldova , i do n't think you should be preaching to anyone about food . 
  you 're god-tier for women though , so take heart . 
  cannoli , for when you want a classier twinky . 
  maybe , but yalta was for winners , not the defeated who 'd been rescued . 
  that 's why france was n't there . 
  the only honest answer is lack of motivation . 
   even though germans u-turn after the wwii was because the rest of us if you 're greek , then your nation really had no hand in that . 
  germany will accept every single `` syrian '' refugee . 
  that 's as close to an open door policy as you can get without just opening the doors . 
  at a time when half of the eu is having its borders violated , merkel * encouraged * further violation of borders . 
  it 's utterly irresponsible , it was an idiotic response to that dead beach kid , and it 's deeply concerning that the leader of the largest eu nation would have such short sighted plan of action . 
  they can * avoid * telling migrants from the middle east that every last one of them is welcome . 
  merkel has fucked every country between between germany and syria by doing such a thing , and has caused the primary contention for the general public in the uk reference leaving or staying within the eu . 
  hue hue . 
  english moat best moat . 
  spotted the migrant ... 
  i 'd take prussian germany over what we 've got now . 
  same . 
  i see the eu being a country as both inevitable and good . 
  i want the uk to be a major part of that country . 
  what germany is doing currently , the numbers involved , are the first thing which have ever made me seriously question whether i think the uk should continue to be part of the eu . 
  you ca n't accept 2-3 million migrants per year in the eu , every year , and not have that grossly change the countries they end up in . 
  it 's pathalogical . 
  i mean i 'd almost be inclined to let you lot sink your own ship if that was your desire , but you 're dragging the entire continent down with you and it 's kind of fucking everything up . 
  we need prussia back . 
  sort your shit out then germany . 
  we 're all waiting on you to stop cutting yourself in the locked bathroom while mumbling `` must.not.be.hitler '' over and over again . 
  everyone is sick of the germans at this point i think . 
  i speak to a lot of pro-eu and also ( generally sensible people ) in the uk who feel like germany is really fucking up the whole concept here by just ploughing through with what they want with the attitude of `` fuck you i 'm germany we 're doing this '' . 
  if the whole thing comes tumbling down , it wo n't be because of the uk staying or leaving , it 'll be because of germany . 
  what he means by that is that we can start to turn you frogs away a the chunnel without breaking the law . 
  not fury , just irritation that they continue to harp on about independence . 
  they lost , but their ability to continue as a party with grace is lacking . 
  i 'm actually quite content with how we voted , we voted no . 
  it would be nice if the snp could get over that . 
  so sick of this women and the snp . 
  wish the referendum had included a clause that when the secessionists lost they had to disband and ca n't just rattle their sabres every 6 months . 
  i want my scotland to go back to just being scotland , and not having some obsessive nutter in charge . 
  evil nazi !, 
  j/k homes . 
  you 're a peacenik german most likely :(, 
  well , it 's possible , just unlikely . 
  the person would have to be about 90 if they were to have been in the ss , and i suspect that / u/hematophagian is n't around 90 . 
  you realise that the above particular german probably was n't an ss officer in ww2 , right ? 
   the history of finland is the history of the finnish people . 
  so there are no swedish finns , or there are , but they 're not finnish . 
  i 'm surprised a finn would subscribe to such a * russian * concept as ethnic nationalism . 
   what 's racist about calling a chicken a chicken ? 
  nothing , but that 's not precisely what you 're doing . 
  you 're conflating nationhood with ethnicity . 
   the same way i can move to britain , but i 'll always be a finn in britain . 
  you may be ethnically a finn , but of course you can be a brit . 
  if you move here and get citizenship and integrate then you 're british . 
  that 's how citizenship works . 
  it 's not based on the colour of your skin or your genome . 
  right , so you * are * a racist . 
  well , i do n't know if i 've got a point because you wo n't answer the god damn question and my point is tangenital on you having a specific belief which i suspect you likely have but did n't want to accuse you of having without having ensured that you held said point . 
  if someone is trying to do you a politeness the least you could do is play along !, 
  that point being that you appear to think that ethnic finns have existed in the area of finland for a long time and that that means that the concept of finland is somehow justified or reinforced by their presence beyond the simple existence of finland for 99 years , my counter-point being that this sort of ethnic nationalism excludes all non-ethnic finns ( swedish finns , and your many other immigrants ) from the concept of finland . 
  so either you can have the concept that `` finland '' or the justification of `` finland '' has existed for much longer than a century , and along with that consequently imply that non-ethnic finns are n't finns , or you can accept that ethnicity is n't really a good justification for land occupation and drop the `` 1000 year stuff '' . 
  finland * ca n't * have had an army for 1000 years because finland has only existed for 100 years . 
  the only way around this is to say that finland = ethnic finns , and then on top of being racist and excluding about 6-8 % of your population from citizenry , you behave like russia , which is pretty bad . 
  no , please , answer it , 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  different time . 
  different militaries . 
  not to be taken as a likely event should the bear decide to eat the swamp . 
  the argument that `` our people were here '' is a tenuous one . 
  based douglas . 
  i sent him fan mail a few years ago , never got a response mind :(, 
  uh , i think you under-estimate 40,000 troops . 
  a corps level operational deployment is one administrative level below an entire army .
