  to be perfectly honest , in general at least in the uk if you 're from the `` west '' ( that is , were n't communist ) then people will welcome you with open arms , you wo n't be viewed negatively by pretty much anyone , and you 're more than welcome to make your way here . 
  some people here have issues with folks from the old communist countries due to the impression that they 're here to leech , or to steal all the jobs or other silly bullshit , but from spain ? 
  nah , no-one much cares , frankly . 
  edit : also , if you want a job and can deal with the cold and the grey and the lack of sunlight , come to aberdeen , we have the lowest unemployment in the uk , and i believe on a city basis in the entire eu , standing at approximately 0.1 % . 
  go get fucked by a porcupine . 
  hold on a minute , you 're conceding a point of correctness regarding the english language to an * american * ? 
  it 's actually 4 % . 
  just sayin ' . 
  we do wedges , but wedges are different from chips too . 
  trust me . 
  it was a simplfiication i admit although were i have to been fully accurate i would have needed to first imagine a specific salary and then calculate the percentage of time that person would end up working for the taxman instead of themselves . 
  the point stands . 
  depends on the hotel . 
  i 've been to good hotels in london which have served very decent coffee , i 've also been to plenty of places in the uk which serve very poor coffee . 
  it varies , in short . 
  just a part . 
  like most income tax systems , france 's is `` progressive '' in that the lower parts of your income are charged less than the higher parts . 
  absolutely . 
  you can tell whether you 're in northern or southern europe based on the size of the cup . 
  if it 's huge you 're in the north , if it 's tiny you 're in the south . 
  finns use mugs , so do brits . 
  then again most northern europeans drink filter coffee or cafetiere coffee , while southern europeans generally drink espresso or ristretto or a lungo or something along those lines . 
  maybe , i dunno . 
  finnish coffee culture struck me as being very similar to british , it 's just that more people partake in it , and instead of most people drinking tea and some drinking coffee , everyone drinks coffee . 
  you have it with breakfast , you might have it after lunch , you frequently have coffee throughout the day , and it 's not strange to have a mug when you get home , or a cup after a meal with friends . 
  i 'm a coffee guy anyway tbh . 
  they did indeed , and it seems to have worked . 
  very few beggers in finland . 
  ah yes , because tea is so popular here , among households which do not regularly drink coffee they will have instant coffee in the house for guests or when they want caffeine . 
  my coffee is all made by cafeti\u00e8re , and every actual coffee drinker here will use a cafeti\u00e8re , or a filter machine , or an espresso maker if they 're wealthy enough . 
  he was n't quoting the constitution i do n't think , he was stating an opinion . 
  i agree . 
  we tend to eat drier foods though , and often use a condiment or sauce , as opposed to have lots of very `` wet '' foods . 
  not much experience with swedish coffee ( only popped over for 24 hours ) - but it was n't amazing what i had . 
  finnish coffee was mostly horrific though , and i 've drunk plenty of it . 
  crazy that the country that drinks the most also drinks terrible stuff mostly . 
  ah i was just passing through on an awesome road trip . 
  never again . 
  what a fucking dump . 
  been to amsterdam though ( not as a weed tourist , i 'll eagarly point out ) and the city was lovely . 
  considering moving to nl to live for a few years ( if i can get the hang of your crazy language ) so i actually really want to check out some of the other major cities . 
  fries are the thin ones , chips are thick ones . 
  simple as that . 
  we use the two words actively to differentiate between them , since they are quite different in their taste and texture . 
  standard nordic fare then , rye bread , meat , cheese . 
  pretty much the same as you eat for breakfast , no ? 
  also paper , not cling film ? 
  of course , there are multiple reasons to move . 
  i just think that this idea that tax avoidance is super impossible is wrong , it 's not . 
  if it were there would n't be lots of rich french people moving to belgium , and there would n't be lots of very unpopular companies in the uk right now . 
  echr is n't actually related to the eu . 
  i 'll let you be quietly embarrassed now . 
  it 's a shame , because one can drink coffee for the delicious taste and smell * as well as * the wonderful narcotic effects . 
  my experience with nordic coffee has been very poor overall though , with the exception of the odd family who took care and paid great expense to have good coffee , most of it was just disastrous . 
   this is not true , only few countries links citizenship to take ( the us being the big case ) . 
  in the case of france renouncing french citizenship has basically no effect tax wise . 
  if you say so , however a person living outside of france , earning outside of france , can not be forcibly taxed by the french government just because the french say that the person must pay . 
  as you say what is in france will be taxed ( to the extent which the accountant ca n't avoid it ) , but there are many ways of moving wealth around , as the tax avoiding companies in the uk have recently demonstrated to us all . 
  yeah i agree , but even * with * a reduction in spending which many nations desire right now , with the money we 're collectively spending we could have a really effective military , but as it is what we 've got is about 23 or 24 standing armies which are borderline useless and a handful of capable expeditionary militaries ( 2 , if we 're being critical ) which are actually good for anything . 
  although with their budgets so stretched even the uk and france are having serious trouble maintaining capable military forces . 
  all of the rest mostly just represent money down the drain , and we really need to sort out this pointless allocation of money towards yet more averagely trained infantry or a handful of extra mbts just for the sake of x small sized country having infantry and mbts to their name . 
  well , there are a lot of very rich people in london who would appear to disagree with you there , since they live in the uk now instead of wherever they 're originally from . 
  you could vomit into that bowl and no-one would notice . 
  ah right i see . 
  no mate , the tartare is for your fish !, 
  tartare works fine with chips , but is always for the fish . 
  i 'm very surprised if you have n't been getting the usual `` salt and vinegar ? '', 
  question when you get your chips dished up in a chip shop . 
  maybe you 're in a weird southern part . 
  we do n't eat [ fries ] ( http://pksfood.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/fries_simplot.jpg ) mate , we eat [ chips ] ( http://diningroomonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/chips.jpg ) - much better things , which , absurdly , the rest of the world tends to neglect . 
  but yeah , salt and vinegar are the standard additions . 
  i 'm digging the 1545 stuff , but starting at 800 ? 
  that sounds rough . 
  i suppose `` lunch '' at 11.30 makes sense if you start at 8 , i 'd be hungry by then too . 
  edit : what do norwegians eat for lunch ? 
   if you look at little more into the way tax works in france you will discover that you will keep being taxed in france on everything you have in france even if you move abroad , which basically prevent from effectively moving anything but liquid assets out of france  they can only tax people if people want to be taxed though , it 's extreme , but people can always give up citizenship . 
  cheers for the link though , will have a gander . 
   i think it 's unreasonable that anyone can earn hundreds of times more than what a hardworking person can ever earn . 
  they 're often hardworking too , and they 're paid what they 're worth . 
  if they were n't worth that , they simply would n't be paid as much . 
  you can * try * to tax the wealthy to the max , but they 're just going to leave the country and go elsewhere and pay 40 or 50 % tax on their income , making that country wealthier , and ones own country poorer . 
  i am now , cool stuff !, 
  they did n't in venlo , they just smashed the stuff on there . 
  then again venlo was shit and is one of only two places i 've ever been to which i vowed to never set foot in again . 
  shit , that 's the time for a light breakfast to start to cure the day 's hangover . 
  what the hell time do you guys start at ? 
  not many . 
  i 'm british and when i drink tea i have it black . 
  ` tis very rare though , and i almost always get that quizzical look and repetition * `` black ? 
  '' * when asking for it . 
  actually a single cube is acceptable . 
  for those who want their whisky slightly colder , in lieu of adding a dash of water they can add a cube , and even when fully melted it wo n't have diluted their whisky too much . 
  source : i 'm scottish . 
  he already said he was from the south ... 
  we do n't all do that , there are purists among us who shun them . 
  dat semi-colon . 
  you fuckers even make your graffiti better than the rest of the world ;(, 
  it was actually 94 % , during the war . 
  91 % after . 
   maybe it 's just me , but for me , i ca n't wait till i earn enough money that i get hit with a stupid ridiculous tax rate .
