   i tend to agree with you but i think instead of just cutting them off completely more of an effort should be made to teach english and make the resources readily available . 
  why ? 
  there are so many people who 've been here for decades and do n't speak the language . 
  i 've got no issue with businesses catering to them , but it 's outrageous that taxes are being spent on translators and translations for these people . 
   ( as a side note : if the council has people that do n't speak english it has an obligation to make available whatever is needed in a language they can understand . ), 
  this , we should get rid off instantly . 
   o.k. , you 've obviously taken an extreme example that no one in their right mind would support . 
  the only way this would make it an example of the country being `` too forgiving '' is if the judge actually let him off because of his culture - which i do n't think would be very likely . 
  i must have missed the story , did they ? 
  reduced sentence , judge bought it . 
  still , too forgiving . 
  you asked for how one could achieve it , i told you the method . 
   how can you force people to integrate without increasing tensions ? 
  why would there be tension ? 
  you come to a country , you integrate , our terms . 
  there is no tension because it 's an option , integrate or leave . 
   overly accommodating in what respect ? 
  for instance , in the uk , local councils print most of their literature in a very wide variety of languages so that all the 80 year old bangladeshi ladies who moved here 40 years ago and never bothered to learn english can still function . 
   too forgiving of what ? 
  transgressions of norms based on culture . 
  recent case where a young man pleaded innocence in a case where he 'd raped a lass on the basis that because of his religion he was unaware of what sex was and did n't know what he was doing . 
  why should we care ? 
  why should we say `` oh ok then your culture raised you to be shitty because your parents did n't integrate - that 's fine then '' ? 
  probably not , but he could have dropped his weapon , slipped and rotated round taking out half his section , and wildly firing gpmg rounds like that is just ridiculous and pointless . 
  there is not a chance these guys are going to be able to hold that country without the french if that 's in any way representative of their wider army . 
  it just makes you depressed ... these lads are a long way from being able to take over their own security . 
  africa makes shit soldiers :|, 
  by letting people not integrate , by being overly accommodating , by being too forgiving . 
  * `` why wo n't you tolerate our intolerance !?!, 
  to be honest if either country thinks there 's any real risk of conflict over the issue than neither side should be in the eu . 
  it 's the largest trading bloc in the world and should be withheld for countries that do n't feel the need to get their guns out every time they disagree with their neighbour , and this sort of childish south-western european shit we see over names and one side feeling like the other side is stealing their heritage by their use of words is fucking pathetic and needs to end . 
  grow.the.fuck.up . 
  we lost 7 ships in that war and the bulk of the fleet was damaged in some way . 
  that was no game of cowboys and indians . 
  in this context almost certainly the latter . 
  he 's absolutely right , most nato nations are taking the piss with their military spending percentages . 
  no matter how much money it will cost ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's low level waste , incredibly low levels of radioactivity , stuff like gloves and clothing that people wore while working in the powerplants . 
  dumping it at sea was indeed a bad idea , but it 's not like this is glowing green rods . 
  less money , less religious . 
  also to be honest especially in the north and west , young people leave to go elsewhere to get jobs , while the old people stay ( they of course die there ) and alter the stats . 
  sauce : i 'm from northern scotland . 
  i take your point , but the eu is a military alliance as well as other things . 
  we 're legally bound to defend you , and we have a history of honouring our military alliances . 
  yeah , sorry about ww2 old chap , circumstances demanded the greater good an ' all that . 
  still , you 're in the eu now and we 've got nukes , ai n't nothing bad gon na happen to you lot now . 
  with a population ratio of 1:26 , i highly doubt that kd ratio would save them if the bear got angry . 
  oh these ducks were tame as hell , that 's part of what made them so cool . 
  you 'd be chilling out on the lawn and they 'd just waddle on by next to you . 
  despite students generally being assholes there was just a kind of unwritten rule that no-one fucks with the ducks , and no-one does anything which might force the administration to remove the ducks , because when you 've got 2000 people living in a few hundred square metres and no-one can have a pet , it 's nice to have some communal ducks . 
  not to be a dick , but if you do n't try to illegally stay in the country and then resist when you 're being deported , you 're not going to get broken . 
  a mistake not because it 's not true , but because it will anger russia . 
  yeah , cultural norms with regards to what you can kill and eat certainly vary by location , and what 's immediately obvious to us here as being noraml or abnormal is n't to everyone . 
  bunch of chinese students who moved into the uni 's halls where i 'm at noticed that there were ducks which wandered about the complex ( they were borderline like pets , they just wandered about going quack , students liked having them kicking around ) - cleaners started finding duck heads in kitchens :(, 
  i would n't have a kid if i spent 70 % of my income on housing , to be honest . 
  tbh that 's the situation a lot of people around europe are in . 
  salary around 1000-1200 , i think most pay more than 350 for their digs . 
  my summer income ( student ) tends to be around 1000-1100 and about 70 % goes on rent . 
  kind of sounds like you 're trying to live especially cheaply to me . 
  ad-hoc moralising to take away rights ... 
  good shout !, 
  it does n't matter that they 're not people , property rights exist and whoever owns that property holds those rights . 
  if it happens to be an estate agent or a bank who owns the property then that organisation holds those rights ( or should , at least ) . 
  ah right so if stagnation occurs people lose their property rights ? 
  you sure are wearing the right flair . 
  aww , bulgaria can not into list . 
  til that if you 're impoverished in luxembourg you earn 4.6 times the romanian gdp per capita . 
  i know ppp makes a difference , but lets be grownups here , it 's hard to seriously call households with an income of 40,000 usd impoverished . 
  apparently i 'm the only one around here who believes in free markets . . 
  distorted finnish sounds fucking awesome . 
  damn , your merchants were dicks ... 
  there now mate . 
  what was the kid doing , does anyone know ? 
   the british society is degenerate if they behave this way . 
  the people who act in such a manner may be . 
  trust me , there 's a very good deal of us who 're as disgusted with them as you are . 
  that seems quite on the authoritarian side . 
  to an extent yes because the uk is n't building as many homes as we need , and because our infrastructure is generally already at or above capacity . 
  but largely due to cultural reasons , there 's nothing wrong with having people of different colours , and to an extent people who are n't culturally british , in the country . 
  but assimilation is a necessary part of immigration , and that requires resources and takes time , and there are limits to how many people can be assimilated into the culture simultaneously . 
  go over those limits and you just get another little-pakistan , or another little-poland . 
  sauce on that matey ? 
  we could only wish ... by the way my res software updated so apparantly you 're no longer `` agressive cunt '' in fuschia ( that said , half of / r/europe and / r/unitedkingdom were pained in fuschia with similar . ), 
  that said , i 'm actually starting to think you might be ok so i 'm not going to retag you , 
  low property tax in ireland is precisely the reason they 've actually made some money over the last 20 years . 
  ah yes that famine thing , not our fault i assure , we did n't introduce it ( at least not intentionally ) - and lets face it , you all still love the tatty . 
  in ireland you have infinite potato machine british empire gave you . 
  then you poked us with a stick :(, 
  yeah , although the whole system of voting as such just seems to corrupt discussion to me . 
  popular opinions will still be upvoted , unpopular ones just left to sit at the bottom instead of being downvoted . 
  tbh if they got rid of voting entirely on / r/europe then that could be interesting and i think would really change the dynamics of the place ( what 's the point in witty jokes if you 're not going to get to the top and reap all the karma ? ) . 
  as it is , long thought out discussions are effectively discouraged via the karma system . 
  no point whatsoever , reddit as a forum is functionally broken and the site admins do n't have much incentive to fix it as a forum because they 'll make more money as it is . 
  it 's 9gag with voting . 
  fuck it man , it 's reddit !, 
  one of the nice things is that it makes you think `` at least if someone goes nuts and presses the big red button , there 'll be an upside ! '', 
  jobs , money , decent welfare systems , english language in uk , german language in germany . 
  i wish we could swap with liechtenstein for a year . 
  this country needs immigration but we ca n't maintain half a million extra people a year , it 's just absurd .
