  it 's good regardless but i 'd be curious if it 's true as well . 
  no offence taken though , we invaded you lot and you lot invaded us fairly regularly for hundreds of years afterall . 
  hizbullah are terrorists like sinn fein are terrorists . 
  you would have wanted to say `` affect '' . 
  it 's definitely a scots thing rather than an english thing , but so much of the vocab is either the same or similar , i feel like i 'd essentially just need to pick up a few bits of grammar and learn about half the words one normally would . 
  nice 'n' easy , so long as one stays away from danish numbers at least, 
  coming from where ? 
  did you eat them or something ? 
  yeah , i 'm being a bit overly critical , there are plenty of attractive women in the uk - some days i feel like this place is ok , other days i walk around feeling like it 's not - whereas in many european countries , every day is a good day to be walking around surrounded by women . 
  great band , great song . 
  does yours ? 
  literally . 
  expect way , way less prudishness . 
  north americans are hilariously uptight about the human body , and sexuality in general . 
  truly you lot have utopia . 
  i really must learn the lingua sometime , you all basically speak like a bunch of drunken scots anyway , ca n't be that hard for a guy from the highlands to learn scandinavian . 
  no , * i 'm * sorry sweden nicked all of the attractive ones in norway after you 'd taken all the attractive ones from blighty . 
  i thought i was just being fair dude , calling like , 7 millionn chicks flat chested when frankly , most of them seem pretty well endowed , seems kinda harsh . 
  are they ? 
  i 've met a few fairly buxom dutch women , cant say i ever had the impression that as a people they were lacking in that department . 
  do n't forget tall ... 
  drunk and ugly . 
  thank god for foreigners . 
  true finns are hardly comparable with far right parties like these though . 
  you may be right , iirc old english and frysian are mutually intelligible to an extent ( which is amazing ) - however dutch and english are supposedly really very similar . 
  heh , as if we do n't all speak netherlandishy in the uk ? 
  bah , the very thought that 'd we be monolingual !, 
  har har har ... and so on . 
  i 'm banned for / r/srs so i think i win . 
  ireland for the lulz , netherlands for the win . 
  nl seems rather similar to south east england , so i reckon they 'd fit in as an extention of the southerners - they 've got a great economy ( as do we ) , they work hard , and they 've got supposedly the most similar language to english . 
  yes there is , although i think leaving out the dprk from that union is just fucking nasty . 
  malta might as well already be ours though . 
   insane or just a radically different perspective ? 
  no dude , actually insane . 
  that sub was front paged for me for about 6-8 months , and every time someone would complain about sexual harrassment they 'd be `` outed '' as a troll by the residents , because only whores and sluts are sexually harassed or assaulted in india , donchaknow . 
  i ca n't say i 'd be surprised if the place is half filled with shiv sena supporters . 
   your reading assignment over the christmas holiday . 
  good shout , will try to have a gander ( although as a student the word `` holiday '' is meaningless to me ) , but i was referring to the messing up of the middle east as a whole . 
  i know iraq 's creation was squarely on us . 
   but , for `` coming along rapidly '' , you also have to read 20 years ago everyone was poor . 
  now a few hundred million of them are n't dirt poor . 
  the inequality exists because more and more are climbing out of the shit . 
  that 's a good thing in my book . 
   i 'd need to research this , but i think both of us would concur , male abuse of powerless women and children needs to be crushed resolutely - preferably by women and children , i 'll provide the necessaries !, 
  actually mate it 's mostly the grannies and mothers who kill the young girls . 
  pretty fuckin ' messed up country , but it 's one of those darwinistic wrongs because the numbers will help sort out the very problem . 
  been to / r/india before , it 's fucking insane . 
  actually unsubbed from the place in disgust at the stupidity/crazyness . 
   my guess is they will hold the uk at least partially responsible for the trauma of partition it 's subsequent political effects for sure we are homie . 
  partially . 
   ust as i would hold churchill substantially responsible for the mess in the middle east ( iraq was his baby after all ) . 
  now now , the yanks helped us fuck that soup up . 
   the poverty can be laid a many doors , not least global capitalism . 
  china 's coming along rapidly , as is your own new home nation , and the phillipines , and indonesia . 
  in fact india is comparatively lagging with just about everywhere bar maybe nk and burma . 
   have you read about the phenomenal rate of suicides agricultural globalisation has caused there for example ? 
  no , but i hope they 're male , because maybe that 'll make up for the fact that they murder 1 in 10 baby girls at birth . 
   but many are a product of imperialism , neo-imperialism , globalisation and general crappy western foreign policy in the region . 
  true , but the question is would the better path have been improved western policy as opposed to self rule and implementation of their own policies . 
  benevolent colonialism if you will . 
   the railway does n't excuse all that shite . 
  i was n't trying to say it does , i 'm just making the point that the main factors that india is even as good as it is today is because of us ( and there 's lots of them , ca n't take credit for their libido ) . 
  we never finished though , we did n't succeed in implanting the values which could have made india a modern , successful superpower . 
  with 400 million people living in abject poverty , with 20 years of murdering their fellow indians ( who we happen to now call pakistanis because they were too bloody fundamentalist to live in the same state as their brethren of a different religion ) , with corruption on a level which makes every other nation look like sweden . 
  the nation is a complete and utter shithole . 
  without english , a good train network , and at least the basics of government and bureaucracy , all of which came from us stamping it onto their nation , india would be considerably less than it is today , and it 's a long way off being amazing now . 
  grounds of what was then termed race , and now would be called culturalist grounds . 
  churchill thought our culture was superior to others and wanted to maintain it . 
  india has n't done a great job of proving beliefs like his to be wrong . 
  being against self rule is n't necessarily super racist or anything , just imperialist . 
  there are many still today who would argue we should have held the colonies by force and maintained our position as a great power . 
  that 's actually quite a point . 
  if london were new york , then essex would be new jersey . 
  bah , do n't downvote dog people , he 's one of the good guys around these parts ( figuratively speaking , that is ) . 
  i was actually referring to the beliefs not the colleagues  - i 'm curious what beliefs he held that set him out from other contemporary beliefs . 
  which ones ? 
  in fairness , nigh on everyone was racist at the time . 
  might want to learn to spell it right first  edit : also , you 're not scottish . 
   the terrain also comes into it , a huge chunk of scotland is covered in fairly inhospitable mountain terrain . 
  right in the feels :( it 's not * that * bad , i mean sure you 'd have to be a bit hardier to live in the highlands , but it 's not as bad as everyone makes out . 
  can scotland join if we go independent please ? 
  we could be the friend of many smaller countries . 
  the lower countries , the nordics , the baltics , poland - that 's 161 million people right there combined with us , approximately 15 million more than france and germany put together . 
  there are , afterall , 500 million people in this union of ours . 
  france and germany make up less than 30 % of this , this needs to be remembered . 
  even completely temporary blocks of small countries can rapidly become as powerful as france or germany within the union if they remember that it 's possible . 
   i just want them to leave , the sooner the better , because i ca n't take anymore of their constant whining . 
  could you cite a few examples of this please ? 
  edit : seriously reddit , downvotes for asking for evidence ? 
  brazil ? 
   ps everyone in europe finds it staggering that free healthcare is n't a human right over there . 
  as opposed to an inhuman right ? 
  actually it 's just dropped down to 10 as of december 1st , as the uss enterprise has been deactivated and will be decommissioned once the reactors are shut down . 
  it returns up to 11 in 2015 when the uss gerry ford is good to go . 
  that should probably be highest `` scottish '' population  edit : seriously though , i do n't get why our population is so tiny . 
  if you look at what happened to england over the last 200 years , it really is strange to me that we 're just sitting here flat-lining the whole time , when scotland could easily support 20-30 million quite comfortably . 
   you ca n't make up stuff like that . 
  i 'm not making it up , it 's a perfectly accurate way of describing taxation . 
  the state takes resources of individuals whether they consent or not .
