  that 's theft - or i suppose we could call it extortion if you want to bring in the force aspect of things . 
  if i come up and take your stuff without your consent and distribute it to 10 other people that 's theft ( or extortion , if i do it with the threat of force , which the state always does so we can use that term if you 'd prefer ) . 
  this is precisely what the state does . 
   and i voted for a 100 % tax rate over 20,000 euros of revenue . 
  good for you !, 
   this is not communism either no shit , 
  just different tastes i suppose . 
  i 'd say that the vinegar gives it a tangy punch to the flavour . 
  sorry , had just woken up and misread your comment there . 
  apologies are extended . 
  you 're bang on . 
  yeah but people are shit at life and so they 'd come true . 
  and yes you might be right about the definition of trolling , but who gets to decide what 's trolling and what is n't , you ? 
  i really ca n't believe this bothers people that much . 
  just downvote and move on . 
  i do that with about 50 % of reddit posts anyway . 
   do you feel that discussion on reddit should n't be moderated at all ? 
  except for in the case of high volume spam and blatant advertising , yes , i do . 
   he should be banned because his statements do not add anything to discussion in your opinion . 
   we as a community could set this standard . 
  we could try , but people would fuck it up because there are lots of people here who do n't like freedom of speech and do n't like offensive things being said and do n't want to have to argue their point because they 're not very good at it and they 're not very bright , and so would seek to have a lot of viewpoints banned in order to turn this place into their own little shitty circlejerk . 
   i doubt you have a good grasp about german military ability . 
  we do n't advertise it , though , so i do n't really blame you . 
  pretty much all major capabilities of militaries are well known and published . 
  germany maintains a medium sized standing army with poor heavy lift capabilities and very little sea based power projection capability . 
  in war , people die . 
  so it 's not really our call to make to invade nk when it 'll involve a large percentage of sk ` rs dying . 
  it 's abhorrent , and if there were a solution which did n't involve half of the population centres of sk being flattened then i 'd take it in a heartbeat , but as it is , pragmatism wins out for the day . 
   thus , geopolitically inconvinient . 
  if you like , i take that as realistic , if you want to call it that then geopolitically inconvenient seems a legitimate reason to me . 
   and really , i do n't see how supporting the syrian insurgents is a good thing considering assad was a rather liberal dictator that last word there , y' know , the `` dictator '' one , that 's a good reason right on its own . 
   one thing the arab spring has taught us is that now `` freed countries '' become more radically religious and unemployment went way up in post apartheid south africa , i suppose you 'd advocate putting the whites back in charge there eh ? 
   it is hypocritical to just support the extermination of genocide when it suits our policy . 
  we do n't only oppose genocide when it 's convenient , we just only * do * something when we 're able to , which is n't hypocritical , it 's just not suicidal . 
  i 've met many who think like you before , who seem to think that if we do n't invade * every * country which does something bad then it 's hypocritical to use military action upon any , as if we ca n't take the view that we will aim to achieve what is possible but not destroy ourselves trying to do everything . 
   north korea north korea have concentration camps . 
  and you think we should ignore that ? 
  my goodness . 
  i am genuinely quite shocked , and am not sure whether it 's that you 've received a terrible education , or maybe you 're just really a monster . 
   not wanting to military intervene ! = supporting genocide . 
  well it does n't look like kju is just going to decide to abolish his concentration camps for shits and giggles , so yes , it probably does require military intervention to stop that . 
   most germans like that our military stays at home for the most part . 
  nice dose of cowardice that is . 
   who is `` we '' ? 
  i have read dozens of pieces of especially uk origin painting us as wehrmacht stormtroopers in hiding in the last twenty years or so - the last one only days ago . 
  sounds like nonsense to me , where was this you read these things ? 
  i never said that , but my point stands that the echr is not related to the eu . 
  they are separate things . 
  also i 'm going to take this opportunity to add in the fact that you appear to be a dick . 
  says you . 
  what if the person meant it as a serious ( albeit extreme ) point ? 
  you 're putting yourself in the position of arbiter of all that is serious or non-serious , of what is discussion and what is flaming . 
  others will have different standards to you , and i do n't see why your standards ( or any other individuals ) should be imposed . 
   given that standards , we should invade israel asap . 
  who is we ? 
  because the us and israel are allies so the uk would get the shit kicked out of it . 
  i doubt germany even has the military capability to get down there on its own . 
   then apply it to everyone , not just because it is geopolitically convinient . 
  ca n't apply it to everyone , because every situation is different . 
  for instance despite the fact that i 'd * love * to invade nk and completely renew that country , we ca n't , because seoul would be levelled in the process . 
  another example , syria , is very complicated , because the russians and chinese oppose it to a decent extent , and knowing how much of an extent is hard . 
   up to then , i am for keeping out of other nation 's internal affairs . 
  oh right , so let the genocides carry on and just ignore them yeah ? 
  i would say that 's very german of you except the majority of germans seem to be opposed to genocide these days . 
   says the briton who whenever germany does show signs of military action thinks the blitz is comming around oh nonsense , we 've been wanting you guys to tool up and stop pussy footing about the world since the wall fell . 
  it 's time the eu was able to take care of itself and its interests in the world , and britain and france ca n't manage that on their own for the other 25 countries . 
  says the germans who 're so chronically afraid of their own power that they refuse to get involved even * when * there are clear indications of ethnic cleansing or genocide . 
  what if it 's a serious opinion though ? 
  do we not get to discuss ideas with someone who has extreme ideas just because they 're offensive to you ? 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  is any discussion of religion , politics , or culture to be disallowed in case someone finds it offensive ? 
  why would we want to ? 
  probably just about any ulemad post ever xd, 
   we all stop bitching about racism . 
  we have a winner . 
  does n't * have * to apply , doesnt mean the concept ca n't be voluntarily applied , which is , rather obviously , what this thread is discussing . 
  but well done for pointing out that point because i am sure everyone is much happier knowing that thankyouverymuch . 
  says you in your completely subjective opinion . 
   he would ' t be working 3 hours for free . 
  jesus christ , he 's working those three hours for the taxman , fucking obviously . 
  is the level of readership in / r/europe so fucking dense that this has to be laboured over ? 
  so i used the term `` for free '' , it 's pretty fucking obvious he 's not working for free . 
   refusing to pay is just stealing from everyone else said every communist ever . 
  taxation might be a duty , but it is not other people 's right to tax you . 
  taxation is itself theft - to avoid theft is not to thieve from those who allow for it . 
  nonsense , me saying i want germany to have the capability to take action in the world is n't the same as me saying that i wish germany would have got stuck in in iraq ( which i do n't especially , i 'm not even sure i 'm happy the uk went in there ) . 
  nordics in general , to be precise . 
  yes , they do tend to speak quite perfectly , and many brits speak very poorly . 
  i 'd argue though that slang is not indicative of inability to speak , or of poor language skills . 
  i use slang heavily in my day to day speech and online because it 's extremely enjoyable and colourful to do so , but i choose to insert it in there , and i think a lot of brits share my ability to remove the slang and tighten up the english if required or desired . 
  what 's to think ? 
  we 're all european , we all share the common value of not being a complete dick ( although , of course , the french like to joke around and pretend otherwise sometimes ) - tbh i kind of feel at home in most places in europe . 
  i mean things are different , of course , that 's part of the awesomeness , but there 's a sort of shared cultural feeling which always seems to persist . 
  people just kind of feel like different flavoured people wherever i am in europe . 
  yeah , you lot are generally fine aye . 
  no problems with spaniards , greeks , italians , portuguese , southern french etc. 
  among folk that i know here . 
  as far as i 'm aware , besides the odd person who holds a mostly jokey `` lazy/late mediterranean '' stereotype , there 's very little prejudice held towards people from the south . 
  * how would i treat southerners ? 
  * ( or rather , how do i treat them , because there are people from everwhere in the world where i live ) the same way most other people get treated .
