  * * they 're told of a people of a land they consider to be their anyway voting to rejoin that land voluntarily . 
  * so it * is * actually extremely similar to the sudetenland thing in that the populations of russia ( and of nazi germany ) sincerely believe that the intervention was justified on the grounds that extremists were going to persecute their ethnic brothers and that this was a preventative measure to stop their kin being killed . 
  i ca n't agree with me not being allowed to do things just because some who are make bad choices . 
  it 's a flawwed principle and one which we do n't apply most of the time . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm one of the few who would like to have legalised concealed carry of pistols in the uk ( a l\u00e1 most us states and czech ) . 
  i 'm not sure i would carry on a regular basis , but i 'd certainly keep a pistol in my home and train with it regularly for the purpose of self-defense ( plus shooting at a range is fun ) . 
  i would be happy with medical and pysche evals in order to obtain a lisence though . 
  he * criminalised * protests nationwise with a 4 year jail sentence for anyone who did . 
  this is a temporary ban on protests in some areas of central athens . 
  not that i 'm saying i like it , i do n't , but let 's not pretend they 're the same thing . 
   the 4,900 most vulnerable households in north west leicestershire in a typical property will see their council tax bill rise # 100 from april to # 229 a year . 
  before the coalition came to power they did not have a pay a penny . 
  # 229 a year ? 
  i mean damn , that 's incredibly low . 
  i 'm curious why you 'd link that when it clearly shows that the uk has more immigrants than norway has people . 
  i 'm assuming you 're referring to percentage of population although without specifying that it not what i , or i suspect many others , would assume you meant . 
  source on that please . 
  brits at home , in general , are a quiet people . 
  compare us at home to a bunch of italians at home , for instance . 
  depressed europe 's line should definitely be cutting through scotland . 
  northern scotland is not a happy place . 
  not even melancholic . 
   but even the eu could take russia on with confidence in a long term victory very long term , perhaps . 
  i 'd say the eu is probably militarily inferior to the russian military right now . 
  if i nick your shit and everyone shrugs and says `` oh well '' then that stuff is de facto mine , even if it 's immoral and illegal . 
  i 'm as opposed to the annexation as anyone you 'll find , but we 're going to have to accept sooner or later now that crimea has been annexed by russia . 
  keep in mind that we already have several times in the last century , just under a sort of weird agreement of `` we 'll pretend we 're not really fighting each other but just co-belligerant with each others enemies '' . 
  while it 's often assumed that nuclear nations can not have convention wars anymore , that has already been proven untrue quite a few times in the last century ( notably , the sino-indian border war ) . 
  it is entirely possible we could have a limited conflict with russia , at least so long as it took place on a third party country 's territory . 
  80-95 % of them ? 
  perfectly possible and completely planned for . 
  100 % of them ? 
  impossible . 
  it 's actually not . 
  there was a * lot * of thinking going into this during the cold war and while some of the actions taken were based on inflated fears of what the other side had , a lot of it was reasonably rational . 
  at one point in , i believe , the early '70s , us projections were that a soviet first strike would take out the ability to use roughly 90 % of us nukes . 
  now , if you 've got 10 % left across all platforms ( 3000 nukes or so ) you then have to actually be able to reliably get them to the motherland . 
  so , you 've got bombers being shot down , aircraft carriers being sunk , further nukes taking out other silos , tactical nukes being shot down , abms taking care of any and all things that come near population centres and military installations . 
  you do n't want , at that stage , to only have 10-20 chances , because a lot of them are going to go wrong . 
  a very big fear was n't that the soviets would completely annihilate the us ( of course , that was a fear , but in some circles considered to be leser than what comes ) . 
  the fear was that the soviets could essentially cripple the us militarily by taking out most of their nukes . 
  sure , the ussr would probably lose a city or five in the ensueing exchange , but the us would be left in a position where it was unable to fight with nuclear weaponry and the soviets would still have thousands of intact usable icmbs and other nuclear weapons . 
  so , nightmare scenario was say , a soviet first strike followed by a 24 hour exchange , resulting in the destruction or defeat of us nuclear forces , leaving the soviets the sole real nuclear power on earth , and the us being forced into surrender at the threat of every single one of its population centres being nuked with high yield icmbs . 
  what would a president do , if he knew he could n't fight a nuclear war anymore , and had 200,000,000 lives on the line ? 
  well of course he 'd have to surrender . 
  all sorts of methods were investigated for allaying these problems . 
  from super complex and expensive trains which would constantly roam the country with icbms aboard , stopping in super-hardened bunkers across the country , with decoys and unpredictable routes so the soviets could never truly reliably take out all the nukes . 
  other options were just hardening icbm bunkers to maximum degrees , hollowing out mountains to use as c&c bases and nuclear launch bases ( this was , to an extent , done ) . 
  one of the most attractive options was to simply build up the nuclear forces to the tens of thousands so that even if the soviets did take out 90 % of your warheads , you still had that 3000 or so left , and so still had the big stick of `` well we can take out your entire population too '' . 
  it was never intended that all 30,000 would be used . 
  the number was so high * because * it was anticipated that almost all of those nukes would instantly become useless in the event of a soviet first strike . 
  the remaining few thousand ( or even high hundreds ) would be the difference between being able to fight or talk to the soviets as equals , and having to surrender . 
  and that there , is why the numbers of nukes maintained on both sides were so massively high . 
  well of course , all you can really trust is a dodgy looking website by some guy who lives in a cellar . 
  he 's the only one who * really * knows the truth , and he 's the only one who wo n't just feed you propaganda . 
  it 's true , honest , some guy on youtube told me . 
  she 's still behind the others so there 's that i suppose . 
  so that would increase it to what , 53 for you lot ? 
   too many countries have looked down on military spending as if conflicts were a thing of the past . 
  did people really think that the cycles of history ended the day they were born ? 
  yes , yes they do . 
  all over europe you will find a * lot * of people who say `` why do we need a military , who do we need it against , it 's not like we 're going to war with russia or china ever '' . 
  it 's insane . 
  utterly insane . 
   they are so chemtrailed they believe everything they hear . 
  hahaha . 
  also every second word is `` zionist '' . 
  japan is gradually building itself up . 
  it 's spent the last 70 years basically just being like germany is , not really doing anything apart from economically . 
  now , under abe , they 're building up their military and they 're going to want to build up their diplomatic clout too . 
  hey , i 'm not fat !, 
  then do n't * be * condecending . 
  i 'm not using the assertion to discredit any argument of yours , i was just pointing it out . 
  you too , 
   well i was n't trying to be . 
  why is it condescending to say this ? 
  you seemed genuinely annoyed that people could now see your post history . . you severely misunderstand me . 
  i 'm not annoyed at anything ( other than , perhaps , your inability to understand this issue ) - the issue at hand is that in a discussion where people have different beliefs , to bring up the perceived past character of that person is , implicitly or explicitly , an ad hominom line of attack . 
  i dislike ad hominom attacks on people , that is all . 
  as for playing dumb on purpose , i had hoped there was some more intellectually honourable reason for them having wanting to see it , but apparantly this is not the case . 
  they 're probably opposing the spending cuts , but leaving a government over spending cuts while at the same time the government is raising taxes smacks of being opposed to fiscal responsibility . 
  well , the eu and us militaries could still be in nato together with the handful or remaining militaries which are not in the eu or the us . 
  i got the impression he was just saying that he would stop moroccan people coming over from morocco , since clearly if a moroccan is a dutch citizen they 're not really moroccan anymore , but dutch . 
   you say you are n't being defensive and then think someone using a bot is a `` form of argument '' , so you think you are being argued with ? 
  well , this is a debate so yes of course i am . 
   remember that you are on reddit and you knowingly have your entire post history on display at all times , there is no expectation of privacy in a public forum . 
  wow you 're condescending . 
   i think the problem was that your op could be interpreted to mean you also supported killing immigrants in their boats floating over the mediterranean . 
  only if you 're unwise enough to not make the is/ought distinction . 
  me saying that something is effective is not the same as me condoning that thing . 
  mass murder is an effective way of getting rid of people you do n't like but i still do n't think it 's a good thing . 
   do you think that 's clear to everyone what you mean to say ? 
  clear to anyone who can both read , and think . 
  i said , no more , no less , that killing people attempting to cross one 's border is an effective way of stopping said people gaining access to one 's country . 
  that is , i suspect , fairly indisputable . 
  me not saying `` oh but it 's bad so we should n't do it '' does n't mean i support it , and openly expressing moral judgement should not be a requirement for participating in every conversation , when it 's not been requested . 
  if you only debate with people who subscribe to the same worldview as you then there 's not really much point in debating . 
   i 've received multiple threats from / r/whiterights posters in the past , and this sub has an admitted problem with getting brigaded constantly by racist subreddits . 
  perhaps , but i think it 's dangerous to start assuming that everyone who suggests anything vaguely right-wing is automatically some neo-nazi , partly because it alienates those who are n't , and partly just because it 's really unhelpful in terms of having a conversation .
