  perhaps . 
  my guesstimation would be that it 's very widely used . 
  95 % of your country uses the internet on a regular basis . 
  that said , with knowledge in english at maybe 80 % , we 're talking about excluding already at least say conservatively 20 % of the population . 
  so now we 're talking 1 % out of 80 % , 1 in every 80 icelanders is not just a regular redditor but is also subbed to the icelandic subreddit ? 
  seems kind of implausable , but perhaps . 
  we as in the entire body of the western world . 
  i never said it was * old * , but you 're not a `` young adult '' anymore , that 's 18-25 at most . 
  islamists like this will never win in open war against western military forces though , not if we have the will to deploy sufficient troops . 
  even against vastly inferior numbers of french troops , these militias do not stand a chance in all out combat . 
  since when was 25-34 young ? 
   the millitary is being trimmed back not abolished . 
  right , which is only because of people like me in and out of politics who argue so strongly for these things to be maintained . 
  the politico 's wanted rid of both the carriers , they nuked the almost complete nimrod programme wasting billions , have cut short lots of similar developments , and are just generally trashing defence in the short term because the idiot population of this country does n't care so long as they get their bloody `` benefits '' . 
  bread and circuses my friend , bread and circuses !, 
  even now we 're planning 1 aircraft carrier to be mothballed , and the other to only receive 12 f-35 's . 
  it 's a pisstake . 
   you mentioned it yourself , it takes time to build an millitary , when powers around us start doing it we will in response ( i hope ) . 
  right , which is the second problem , you do n't care about this stuff enough to keep up . 
  china now has the second largest military budget in the world , and it 's rising , fast . 
  russia just last year announced a 400 billion usd ( ppp ) spending spree on their military , with over 650 billion usd ( non ppp , so closer to about 1 trillion usd ppp ) to be spent in 2012-2022 period . 
  powers * are * tooling up , and have been for several years . 
  the far east is also all developing rapidly militarily , india is developing various bits and bobs , the technological gaps are closing . 
  i can actually accept the notion of only tooling up when other nations are doing so too , so long as you stay on the ball ( which we 're not , but if we did ) then that works as a solution . 
  however we do n't do that , and the uk is very acutely awful at this part , we frequently grind down our armed forces more and more and more and more until eventually we 're thrown into a war , scrape through it ( ww1/ww2/falklands ) and only then accept that hey , maybe it might be a good idea to have a powerful standing military - of course this is forgotten within a few years and we start hacking away at defence left right and centre in order to have more money for bread and circuses . 
  yeah , ecowas is pathetic here . 
  they 've been preparing for months and they still need at least another `` week '' - when france went in literally overnight . 
  utterly pathetic . 
  edit : i 've heard it suggested that because the eu funded ethiopia and uganda in the ongoing somalian war ( that is , we 're paying all the costs ) that ecowas , despite being composed of far wealthier nations which can afford this , were delaying partly in the hope that we 'd pay for them to do it . 
  is this why you have no government ? 
  she eat them all ? 
  exactly , e.g. 
  denmark only having an airforce , belgium focussing on heavy lift , estonia purely on airdefence , and so on . 
  rework the entire force so that each country just forms one portion of a monolithic military . 
  and yet the only two countries which have the necessary expensive bits are france and the uk . 
  you ca n't build an aircraft carrier out of 4 frigates , and you ca n't put 10 sea kings together to make a c-17 . 
  france is currently borrowing british and renting old soviet heavy air lift capability because they need to get 2500 guys and their kit down to mali in a hurry . 
  it ca n't do it on it 's own . 
  the countries are deadly only if they 're integrated with the us , or uk and france ( together ) . 
  even then though , there are big bottlenecks and overall just serious systemic problems , not to mention that half of the eu 's military kit is now so old as to be useless in any real war . 
  there are still f-4 phantoms and mig-21 's in some eu airforces ffs !, 
   trade and buisness has reached a level where war on a global scale we annihhilate our way of living . 
  secondly and more importantly the whole mutually assured destruction is somewhat of a turnoff for warfare . 
  things like this have been said before and shall be said again . 
  ww2 should n't have been possible with uk and de trade being the no. 1 export market for both , but it happened . 
   russia despite putin is pushing forward in a non aggresive manor right now . 
  this year . 
  i mean to ignore the whole invading georgia and stealing their land thing , why do you think your ( or anyones ) understanding of geopolitics is sufficient to account for events a decade from now ? 
  following ww1 we disarmed , we started rearming properly in about 1938 , after years of people saying that war was an impossibility , and that we had no need of an army . 
  well did , did n't we ? 
  what 's happening * now * is not hugely important , what happens in 5 , 10 , 20 years - that 's what 's important . 
  and a military can not be built in 36 months , but a war can be lost in that time . 
   finally the us defence system is built for defence gainst the middle east not russia or china . 
  both countries have long range missles easily capable of bypassing the patriot system . 
  actually , not bypassing it , saturating it . 
  that 's not really relevant to conventional warfare though . 
   if russia where to randomly invade tommorow they would flatten half of europe regardless of the us troops stationed there . 
  probably not actually , their military right now is in pieces , it 's not now you need to worry about with them , it 's 25 years from now . 
   there is no serious threat to europe there is no serious threat * today * . 
  that does n't mean there wo n't be one tomorrow . 
  who would have predicted ww1 in 1900 ? 
  who would have predicted ww2 in 1930 ? 
  who predicted the falklands war ? 
  no-one . 
  not a soul . 
  yet it went from peacetime with no soul predicting anything , to serious wars , in very little time at all . 
  britain must be prepared . 
  europe must be prepared . 
  all of this semi-informed geopolitical prediction you do is completely pointless , we have the best generals and stategic minds working on stuff like this , and they all say the same thing : you ca n't predict the future , prepare for as much as possible . 
  i 'm open to the possibility that there will never be a full-scale war , but i think people who claim it are being laughably naive indeed . 
  you have no idea what the future holds . 
  neither do i. 
  people assume that because russia , china , india , pakistan , indonesia , nigeria , and brazil are n't major threats today , that they wo n't be in 10 or 20 years . 
  this * is * naive . 
  you do not know . 
  they 're so small that they could never be considered valuable in any meaningful sense . 
  they certainly slot in western forces very well , denmark being a prime example of that , but as independent forces they 're too small to have any meaningful capability , they 've got 30 f-16 's , no heavy lift , no real awacs , their ship lift capacity is so incredibly small as to be meaningless on its own , and their army is only 10,000 , so you 're looking at capability to deploy maybe 3000 of that max . 
  it 's a great 1 % of a military , but that 's no military which can do anything on its own . 
  intardesting . 
  ask us for another c-17 probably  only thing the french lack capability in which we have , strategic transport . 
  hear hear !, 
  we must grow up to the realities of the world . 
  the eu must make itself strong , be prepared to play and win for what we need , and go into the world as a serious nation . 
   i do n't understand who you think the usa is defending us against . 
  it 's not like russia of china are going to invade . 
  20 years of peace and idiots come out of the woodwork and act as if there 'll never be war again . 
  i mean come on buddy , have just the * slightest * awareness of history . 
  war happens all the bloody time . 
  large wars happen several times a century . 
  this has been the case for arguably a millennia or two . 
  it 's not changed overnight just because the soviet union has collapsed . 
  russia is rebuilding , china is expanding , other countries like nk and india are on the rise . 
  politics is unstable and friends can become foes in a few short years . 
   europe combined has a larger millitary than the us , a near equal navy ( less carriers nore frigates i think ) . 
  yes , but it 's shit . 
  the only military forces which are at a comparable capability level to the us are the uk and french , and in terms of size they 're both tiny by comparison . 
  no other eu military is good for anything but standing defence within their own borders , and they 'd get steamrolled against any serious military threat . 
  they will not be willing forever . 
  we essentially leech security ( and therefore money ) from the us , and this fact is grating more and more with them . 
  good .
