  oh absolutely , the combined expenditure of uk and fr is about 33 % larger than russia , but what does that get you ? 
  a british rifleman costs about # 18,000 a year in pay . 
  a russian one costs about # 4000 . 
  eurofighters might be a moderate amount better than a su-27 , but they cost 6 time the price . 
  russia subsidises it 's military industry and gets a hell of a lot for the money , plus they have a lot of useful stuff left over from the soviet days . 
   not to mention perhaps we have more professional and technologically advanced army ? 
  considering french and british military cooperation , that should do . 
  right , this is true , * we * do . 
  that is , the uk and france , most other euro nations do not . 
  we are 45 % of the military budget . 
  most of the rest is , imo , essentially wasted . 
  the problem is that the nascent eu military right now is almost entirely britain and france , and that just wo n't work . 
  yes , there are some smaller nations which actually do defense right ( nl are a relatively good example of a small country which still tries to not be a joke ) but a lot of nations have a military purely because , well , they feel they have to . 
  the irish defence forces are pointless , they should n't exist , they could n't do anything to anyone and the irish people are essentially just funding arms companies and paying for soldiers to have a job doing ... whatever the fuck you do with a military you 're never ever going to use . 
  now , in an ideal world we 'd have an eu military and ireland would just give money to the central pot and that would be that . 
  currently though , the eu is too young , the countries too different , the goals for what militaries should be able to achieve too diverse , and the spending varies from 0.47 % of gdp ( luxembourg , i assume they just use it to buy a uniform and give their 7 men sticks to fight with ) to the uk ( of course ) at 2.5 % , which is still paltry compared to most countries and is below the world average . 
  ukraine 's economy is pretty much non-existent . 
  inviting them would be weird . 
  moldova is n't a real country , it 's just where romanians say they 're from when they do n't want to admit they 're from romania . 
  nowhere that poor could actually exist ... 
   his really is a myth though . 
  the eu has a much larger military and defence budget than russia or anybody else besides the us . 
  it can afford to spend a low % of its gdp on the military because it 's gdp is just so huge . 
  the eu does not have a military . 
  28 member states have militaries which range from capable expeditionary forces ( uk , fr ) to complete wastes of money ( latvia , ireland ) . 
  you have about a dozen different main assault rifles , numerous tank types , completely different levels of ability , some nations still have conscription , you 've got a range of aircraft being kept alive . 
  to look at the `` eu '' military expenditure as a whole is absurd , because there is no cohesive eu military and most member nations do not have anything which could be considered a useful military on the go . 
  * yes * , the eu could , if it actually formed as single military , spend what it spends right now and have an actually decent military , but the way things are right now , it 's absurd to pretend like there is anything close to sufficient defense in the eu . 
  the russian armed forces could actually possibly take on the eu at this point in time ( in some imaginary world where the us did n't save our arses ) . 
  yeah , it 's easy to forget that a lot of countries have come a really long way in the last few decades . 
  the prc economy in the mid 70 's still revolved around how many tonnes of grain and steel they could make . 
  in 1975 , when canada joined , it had the 7th largest * developed * economy in the world , which is why you 're in . 
  we ca n't very well just go chucking members out because others are richer , so the obvious and logical thing to do is simply expand . 
  well , aside from the fact that that 's very subjective , i 'm working on the basis that op does n't want to spend 100 % of their money on food . 
  watch out with paris , it 's full of ~ ~ wankers ~ ~ parisians . 
  do try london , it 's shit but in a * 15 million people have learned to cope and it 's ok * way . 
  if you 're eating out three times a day , not really , no . 
  not sure if op is , but i get what shroomun is saying . 
  right , we should , but no-one in europe has any interest in actually paying for our own defense needs when the americans currently pick up the tab . 
  hollow force innit . 
  does n't really matter anyway tbh , the g8 is increasingly out-dated . 
  g20 's where it 's at . 
  roger that . 
  has english completely replaced german in eastern europe as the `` useful '' second language to learn ? 
  yeah i 'm aware of that but that does n't really explain why , given that fr and de did the same in 2011 , net immigration to the uk is still far higher . 
  out of interest , do you know why so many north-central europeans choose to come to the uk as opposed to germany ? 
  looking at the stats , it seems that about 25 % more people come to the uk than germany from within the eu . 
  the uk has a worse job market ( i would n't argue bad , although some would ) , is smaller , and has crap weather - yet it seems to be viewed as * the place to go * by lots of people from east of germany , why is this ? 
  i suspect your average person would say walking is their main form of transportation even if they use a bike a lot . 
  you * are * . 
  nato has a requirement that members spend 2 % of gdp on defense . 
  most countries just ignore it , and what are we going to do , kick them out ? 
  the original constitution did n't have the line about being part of ukraine , that 's why . 
  that was added ( on the same day , but , still , added ) . 
  i agree , win win . 
  you just have to convince europe it 's worth the short term pain of finding new gas suppliers . 
  this a deal years old now , it 's only just approaching delivery . 
  if westerners had cared back then then people would have been shouting about the mistral deal ( as i was , not like anyone listened at the time ! ) . 
  people ignore hostile nations when it suits them and then pretend to be outraged when the hostile nations do something bad but are n't really interested in dealing with the issue in any way which might harm their lives whatsoever . 
  this is how hitler got so far before we fought . 
  oh they would , but without the pipelines to sustain the supplies , and without the prices russia would require ( europe pays way more for gas than china or india ever would , which is why they sell it to us ) the russians would n't cope for very long at all . 
  the referendum is a sham anyway . 
  the two choices are between `` join russia '' and `` become independent '' ( and obviously by that , later join russia ) . 
  there is no option to stay in ukraine in the referendum , so what 's the point in any group which wants to stay in ukraine taking part ? 
  the tatars and the ethnic ukrainians basically ca n't get what they want by taking part , so they have to hope that by not taking part people will care enough that somehow the international community might stop this annexation . 
   fascism is authoritarian in its ideological and theoretical definition . 
  i would , essentially , agree . 
   socialism is n't . 
  i disagree . 
  it necessarily is . 
  socialism requires the forcible redistribution of wealth which is necessarily an authoritarian act . 
  you ca n't enact socialism without authoritarianism . 
  i mean the entire damn thing is essentially `` good of the whole at the expense of the desires of the individual '' - if that ai n't authoritarianism i do n't know what is . 
  should have really read the child comments to this one . 
  as i said , it reinforces my point , rather than taking away from it . 
   fascism is an authoritarian ideology , socialism isn ' hahahaha . 
  oh gods ... you probably actually believe that too . 
  goodness me ... 
  i was going to respond to the rest of your post too but to be honest when you say something as hilarious as that i 'm not sure i should . 
  socialism is by necessity authoritarian . 
  you ca n't compel people live in a way which is for the good of the whole if you do n't use authority to a high degree . 
   what the nazis did similarly to socialism is exactly the things fascism and socialism have in common i disagree . 
  extreme right wing conservatives ( fascists ) do not support big state , free holidays for workers , wide spread infrastructural spending , state intervention in economy , these are all things the nazis practised widely . 
  i 'm perfectly aware that the nazis are generally classified as a far right party , however to deny their socialist economics would be absurd . 
  the nazis considered themselves socialists , contemporaries considered them socialists , just a different type of socialist than the ones who 'd set up shop in russia . 
  liberal fascism can exist , and conservative socialism can exist . 
  i said national socialism and fascism are recognised as not being one in the same , which is correct . 
  i also implied the nazis were socialist , which is true they were . 
  no , i was actually pointing out that historians all over the world recognise a difference between national socialism and fascism because there is one . 
  you 're also working on the false assumption that because i point out a difference between two things i must like one of those things . 
  aggressive little zealot , are n't you ? 
  hah , yeah , i 'm fascist because i point out you 're wrong . 
  have fun in your little world . 
  i 'm not going to bother having an argument with someone who has the flag you do . 
  i 'll just say that historically speaking there 's been a good bit of debate on this , but that generally most historians consider the two political movements to be distinct , as one would if one studied the differences between fascist italy , for e.g. , and nazi german society and culture . 
  nationalist socialism is quite obviously a different entity than fascism , one being a leftist movement and the other being a far rightist movement . 
  the nazis actually were a nationalist socialist parties though , they 're only generally referred to as fascists by people who fail to understand that there 's a distinction between nazi and fascist . 
  right , * i am britain * . 
  all of it . 
  terribly sorry about ww2 .
