  just boardrooms though . 
  not coal mines . 
  not construction . 
  not fishing . 
  not working on the rigs . 
  equality my ass . 
  5 billion is n't even 5 % of italy 's budget deficit . 
  this money is far better spent on forging links in north africa than on knocking a few % of any nation 's deficits . 
  the people will never agree to it . 
  it 'll be a slower process that occurs in europe , where northern european politicians gradually come to run the show more and more . 
  this is seeming more and more like an intelligent solution to the political problems of the south . 
  they may feel that they do n't have real power , but they do , and they exercise it ( or not - their choice ) every few years . 
  to claim one is powerless when responsibility comes knocking is pretty dire . 
  vote for people who 'll fix the democracy then . 
   the british trust the swedes more than the british trust the british that does n't appear to be true.uk-uk = 3.29 , uk-swe = 3.03 the swedes do trust the uk more than the uk trusts the uk though , which makes sense , because most of them wo n't have ever been here xd, 
  apparantly means `` nigga '' in swedish . 
  somewhat interestingly , it also means cockroaches in italian . 
   the excessive spending was not caused by your common joe but by years of corrupt and ineffective government . 
  and who voted them into power ? 
   it also feels unfair to many people that the working and middle classes are getting the brunt of the pain and they do n't think it was their fault to begin with . 
  it never is . 
  we collectively demand power but shun responsibility whenever something bad occurs . 
   they 'd have been better off never joining the euro . 
  they 'd have been better off still by joining the euro but not committing massive fraud by lying to the eu and borrowing at a ridiculous rate for a decade . 
  we need gas , we need oil , so we 'll do it . 
  the main logical concern is the huge water use , what with most of our fresh water sources being totally unsustainable , but i suspect fracking will happen anyway just because we want to use fossil fuels still . 
  as to environmental concerns besides water usage - there 's a lot of hearsay , but i 've seen very little good evidence for most of the complaints being true . 
  ethnic tension strikes again in europe . 
  i do n't think things are getting worse , but i do think that patience is running thinner and thinner . 
  there * are * rational approaches , that 's not to say any real solution will be plain sailing , but clearly there are severe social and dare i say it , ingrained cultural problems with the roma which need to be addressed , which many countries have tried and failed to cope with , and which ultimately cause a lot of the tension and hatred which the roma are faced with . 
  the world is not binary , besides extremes , there are also rational and serious approaches to problems . 
  germany or cannibals ... germany or cannibals ... and yet still france was the harder one to say ;p, 
  incredibly wealthy  but well done haha that 's a very good joke considering ... 
  i get the devotion , and it 's a nice image , bringing back the idea of the empire without all of the killing the natives shit . 
  us as the mummy , canada and australia as the grown up kids , the rest as our little children to watch over ( very white man 's burden , but whatever ) . 
  it 's just that , well , killing the natives is pretty much what kept the quarter billion who were n't white british descendants in line . 
  i 'd much rather be in cahoots with france and germany than with pakistan and papua new guinea . 
  right , so we signed an agreement with three of the countries in which we decimated the local population and installed our own people a few hundred years ago . 
  you wo n't find us doing that with of the countries where the people running the show are n't essentially descended from us . 
  good good , the anti-smoking tee totallers have it coming anyway . 
  yes , because that 's massively relevant still ... 
  it 's a poor barely past 3rd world country . 
  why would we want to get into bed with it ? 
  right , sure , because we totally want bangladesh and zimbabwe back ... 
  pretty much . 
  canada is going to be like norway + saudi arabia + luxembourg + switzerland in the 21st century . 
  yeah . 
  the uk is rather backward about stuff like this . 
  if we introduced pantti here then once people got over the terrible injustice of having to pay for their bottles , recycling would be massively more common . 
  there 's no way most folk here would chuck away the 20-40 pence per bottle or can . 
  it 's aberdeen , they probably just pay a huge fine and do n't give a fuck . 
  this city is not concerned with the environment . 
  right , but if you apply the word `` fraction '' to your bins then , comparatively speaking , you 're crazy about recycling . 
  where i am in the uk there 's a paper bin in the street , and that 's it . 
  if i want i can carry my glass and plastic to the local supermarket and recycle it there - although most people do n't bother . 
  you do n't say ... 
  the nordics are too . 
  terribly rude not to . 
  we will not vote either way . 
  realpolitik and maintaining nice relations with specific groups is the defining issue for us , i 'm afraid . 
  it should be fairly obvious to all that the outcome here has to be a funding freeze . 
  there 's no way the nations which are actually paying the budget are going to put * more * in when we 're all slashing our own budgets , just as there 's no way that the uk backbench rebellion to get a funding cut is going to happen either . 
  you do n't have any entries on us in your language ?? 
  that 's shocking . 
  [ we have lots on you in ours !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:german_instrument_of_surrender2.jpg ) ( yes , we are  ), 
  i seem to recall that you lot called us the ladies from hell while we were destroying your wee empire ambitions ... edit : also we actually won both wars of independence against the english , fwiw . 
  do n't have a history of losing :p, 
   however i would say if your mdma intake causes your personal relationships to blow up , harm has been done . 
  i would define harm as physical in the traditional sense of the term . 
   is harm in your argument only something directly attributable to the chemical function of the substance ? 
  i was using my terms somewhat loosely not anticipating an argument , but broadly so yes . 
  while i do agree that severe psychological damage or neurological damage at low dosage can be termed `` harmful '' , i still think that given the relative immunity of humans to negative effects from mdma , describing it as harmful is at least excessive . 
   is the rich kid who can be on mdma every day without fear of losing a job , money or a house to live in experiencing any harm ? 
  possibly , people respond differently to mdma intake , but it certainly interferes with some people 's seratonin production and the way the brain reacts to it ( then again , so do ssri 's , with fairly poor clinical evidence that they 're beating placebos , depending on the region you look at ) . 
  harmful in a meaningful sense to me is - if you take it is there a chance it 'll physically damage you up in the immediate case , or in the long term as a result of ingestion . 
  it 's worth noting though that i was using this as a relative term ( as all terms are , context is always with us ) , and in comparison to most other illegal and legal recreational drugs the harm level of mdma is incredibly , incredibly low ( way below say , fatty foods , crossing the road without looking , even flying in an airplane ) . 
  edit : if you want to get scientific we could * attempt * to talk about things like ld_50 , or ec_50 - but oral ld50 in humans is n't known . 
  it 's known to be several hundred mg/kg in rats , which is huge . 
  talking about ec_50 , what effect do you want to focus on ? 
  what time frame is allowable ? 
  certainly these are the standard problems faced by people who want to study illicit drugs . 
  nevertheless , the fact that we do n't have a clear idea of the ld50 for a drug used by several percent of the british population every weekend already tells you something about the comparative safety . 
  define harm . 
  going through a bad breakup causes all sorts of psychological and knock on neurological effects to the body . 
  i would n't call it harmful in a meaningful sense . 
  sure , you take mdma for prolonged periods of time and it does have some moderately negative effects on brain function , but in the context of discussion about recreational drugs ( legal and otherwise ) - ecstacy is essentially harmless . 
  firstly , i do n't have a dealer . 
  i * am * , however , a chemist who is focussing on natural products and pharmaceutical development . 
  secondly , i 'm not your bro . 
  thirdly , the office of national statistics ( uk ) lists 5 mdma related deaths in 2010 . 
  these are due to either impurities in the product or due to the hyper/hypohydration ( the most common cause of death in all mdma related deaths is due to excess or lack of water intake ) . 
  for reference , this is less than the number of peolpe who die from heart attacks every year from trying out 9v batteries on their lips to see if they still hold charge . 
  the drug itself essentially lacks the function to kill . 
  oh right , by `` there '' i thought you meant being in the superpower club , as some us isolationists advocate reducing us foreign interactions to a minimum . 
  i agree completely that the us 's duties in europe are near enough over - no doubt bases will remain for mutual benefit , but there 's no need for massive us armies or anything like that in the eu anymore , just as the british army of the rhine was found to be totally pointless come the end of the soviet days . 
  yeah , i need to get out , i 've been here for about half a decade and it just gets under your skin how permanently depressing this city is . 
  sometimes i forget what good cities are like , then i go on holidays , then i come back and am sad . 
  thank god you can work offshore but live in one of the three good cities of scotland . 
   and the indecisiveness on an immediate ban for racism .
