  having a 40,000 strong rapid reaction force is pretty huge really . 
  that could mean maybe 200-300 aircraft , maybe 500 mbts , and several divisions of combined arms forces . 
  having 40,000 troops who 're able to be ready to go within 48 hours is no small thing . 
  palestine is not a country . 
  indeed , why work when you can leech off others ? 
  parasite life best life , right ? 
  you do n't think of ni as a tax ? 
  i certainly do . 
  its just another tax, 
  some are . 
  poland is just the first which was going to be forced to accept quotas which has put its foot down . 
  probably because it 's the most powerful nation which is able and willing to do so . 
  you better watch what you say , nsa are listening afterall , 
  we do , and you ca n't . 
  you neither own them nor can turn them off . 
  keep dreaming burgerfat . 
  it may well end up in us nuking y' all but fuck it , if that 's what the god emperor thinks is best . 
  i guess if you lot elect sanders it probably * will * be for the best . 
  i 'm not talking about replacing the queen , that 'd be pointless , the queen has no power , i 'm talking about electing him pm obviously . 
  it 's actually a legal possibility . 
  i reckon he should come in , totally take over the labour party for shits and giggles , and turn it into a left wing nationalist isolationist party and then use his billions to get elected . 
  it 'd be hilarious . 
  the god emperor would get rid of hate speech laws for being contrary to freedom . 
  this is my plan . 
  his mother was british so we take him if you lot do n't elect him and then we get god-emperor trump as our leader . 
  now * trump * would shake up european politics to a great degree . 
  the largely liberal european elites would be horrified by what he 'd say , but the plebs would frequently agree . 
  two mps being plonkers does n't exactly make for `` our parliament '' attempting to ban him . 
  mind sending him over here once you 're done with him ? 
  only really in our unique ( and ... somewhat silly ) definition of the term country . 
  no-one else uses the term in such a way . 
  because neither is ? 
  ` eh , call it a nation if you want i wo n't object to that . 
  it 's not a country though . 
  similar historical usage of the term does n't really change the current meaning of the term country , although as far as counter-arguments go that 's probably the best there is so i guess you get some kudos for the effort . 
  we may use the term loosely , in the same way that we use many terms in a somewhat incorrect manner , but i think many scots unionists recognise that scotland is n't * actually * a country , which of course it is n't , and has n't been in centuries . 
  ` eh , speak for yourself . 
  i 'm with the rest of the world on this one , it 's retarded to keep pretending that wales is a country . 
  it 's not , it has n't been for some time , and neither have england , scotland , and that little rump of ireland never has been one . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  really , arguing for a difference no-one else recognises is pointless . 
  go to / r/coontown and tell them black people are human . 
  many brits will argue this one as if we 're not the only country in the world where the term `` country '' is used in a way such as not to be synonymous with sovereign state . 
  of course any grown up can look at say , scotland or wales and realise that they are not in fact real country 's , but it seems to make many brits extremely butthurt if this is pointed out , as your downvotes attest to , and they will continue to insist that no , we are a special case in which they * are * real countries but that the word country means something which it does n't actually mean except in this obscure uk-only usage , and that further this usage does n't apply to any other regions of foreign nations despite them meeting the exact same criteria . 
  that must be why your economy is doing so well , i guess !, 
  uh , your unemployment benefit is # 97.61 per week , ours is # 73.10 per week . 
  hardly leagues apart . 
  yours is only available for 500 days , our is available indefinitely . 
  what a family gets totally depends on their circumstances , but the new limit coming in in april will limit the maximum possible for any family unit to # 22,984 ( that 's net , no tax or reductions ) . 
  there are families currently claiming more than this per month who will have their income reduced to $ 2560 per month net . 
  still think our benefits system is so uncharitable ? 
  really ? 
  i did n't think that that had gotten off the ground yet ? 
  you mean finland ? 
  i would be an outlier if almost all scots voted snp and i did n't . 
  i 'm in the minority most likely , given polls show about 58 % support for the snp , but hardly a tiny minority . 
  i think your joke would probably be lost on most non-americans . 
  but yes . 
  basically this . 
  you get the same thing where you find that the working classes who live in the estates and ghettos that immigrants move into tend to be more opposed to immigration than the middle classes in the nothing-but-white-faces leafy suburbs . 
  it 's easy to be in favour of something which does n't affect you . 
  exactly , cops have to deal with criminals all day , every day . 
  if they find that a disproportionate amount of their workload is due to criminals who are n't from their country but are immigrants , of course they 're going to favour not importing more immigrants . 
  trump 's actually probably the most centrist republican candidate out there . 
  i never said that all that the snp represent are loopy nationalists . 
  i guess journalists must love this concept as it is n't going to happen any time soon if ever , but they can keep saying `` now !, 
  now is the time that we must have this '' over and over again , filling their weekly quota of words . 
  i 'm scottish and the snp do n't represent my opinion at all , so i beg to differ . 
  to suggest that no other parties care about us is absurd . 
  ukip are n't really comparable to the fn . 
  that said , all the cops i know vote conservative , except for a couple of loopy nationalists who vote snp . 
  what did they ask that was fascist ? 
  aside from the habbening , it generally is :(, 
  the police chief is n't in charge of immigration policy , he 's in charge of protecting the citizenry . 
  he 's giving advice based on his capacity and ability . 
  you realistically ca n't have enough police to catch and arrest criminals who are n't in any systems , can easily get issued new documents , and who are n't living in standard circumstances or are part of society . 
  we can keep both :d, 
  when you ca n't win prizes through talent , win them by whining . 
  what a world . 
  does n't matter , this , like all other such guidance , will be ignored by all . 
  he 's german , they 're pathologically petrified of the right . 
  quiet down serbia . 
  i 'm not saying this to be hyperbolic , and i know it 's a very charged word to use about people , but i 'm pretty sure that that essentially sums up the description of a parasitic organism . 
  he 's referring to the at the time halliburton owned kbr 's involvement in the rebuilding in iraq . 
  kbr had some very questionable practices there , and there was quite probably a fair amount of bribery and kick-backs going on . 
  some of the contracts awarded to them were shady . 
  that said , that was a subsidiary of halliburton , who are actually an oilfield services company , but for those who are n't aware of that fact halliburton are often linked in their minds with `` something dodgy '' in iraq , and the name `` halliburton '' turns on the same lightbulb that names like `` bush '' , `` blair '' , and `` rumsfeld '' do . 
  it probably would n't make sense for them to do so though . 
  the name is not a good one anymore , and competing with the likes of sammy or apple is something even microsoft failed at . 
  if you 're not a prc-backed chinese company , getting into the mobile phone market is incredibly tough and a good way to lose lots of money right now . 
  aye , you were that matey , was n't really directing that at you so much as my detractors , 
  nice one . 
  still , i 've been downvoted now for not saying three hail-corbyns and for forgetting to include the necessary paragraph saying how awful it is that some people earn more than others , so my post will no doubt be hidden away . 
  right , well , 22 % , about a quarter , tomato , potato . 
  of course it is quite a lot of money , at least in most people 's eyes ( as the poster below shows , not in everyone 's ) but that 's not to say that there are n't a significant number of people earning this much . 
  there are about 6.6 million people earning 35k or more . 
  fuck it man , enjoy the leaded wine and orgies while they last . 
  downfall of civilisation is n't the worst thing to happen to the planet . 
  it 's happened before and it 'll happen again . 
  that 's probably what the romans thought too .
