  french service has a rep for being rude , british service should , if it does n't , have a reputation for being disinterested and lazy . 
  as a rosbif , i can assure you that saying `` please '' and `` thank you '' goes down fairly poorly with a number of french waiters . 
  to anyone you actually have to do more than pointy communicating with helps a great deal . 
  essentially that 's what the british education system ( thankfully ) gears us up to do . 
  some people do become fluent as for some unknown reason we all consider your language the most obvious one to learn , however for most of us we get to conversational level and then forget most of it over the years afterwards but remember * just * enough to placate french people enough that they will speak the english that they are likely fluent in . 
  i suppose i ca n't really blame you guys , i mean if the roles were reversed and you lot had happened to get a cultural victory i 'd probably be annoyed if i had your tourists coming over here speaking french as if it was my job to also speak it . 
  we certainly are headed towards a situation where we 're all going to speak english , in europe first and then the world in general , but it does us brits absolutely no harm to have some humility in foreign countries and apologise for not speaking the local lingua prior to commencing conversation in mutually fluent english . 
  that 'll be why french waiters in general provide really rude service then eh ? 
  what `` cleaning up '' ? 
  the economic benefits of * anything * are temporary , and actually so is any effect on the environment . 
  that said , you say `` the damage '' as if fracking damages the environment by itself , which it does n't . 
  like any well thought out industrial process , if properly regulated and implemented then it has minimal side effects . 
  fracking has just been turned into a boogeyman by people who do n't much know what they 're talking about , and then taking up as a cause by people who know even less . 
  murder requires intent to kill a person . 
  the us , like numerous other nations , are carrying out operations against islamic state in the middle east . 
  sometimes civilians die , for a variety of reasons . 
  this is not murder , it 's killing , sure , but not murder , as murder would require that the us had knowingly * intended * to kill those civilians . 
  spills do happen , although they 're generally very small and on surface . 
  that does n't pose a risk to aquifers . 
  casing failures have happened in the us , but if you take an example from the uk where you 've got triple lined wells where each casing has been pressure tested good , then the risk is reduced to an extremely low and very manageable level . 
  there is no such thing as `` no risk '' in any activity . 
  the risks from hydraulic fracturing are perfectly manageable ( and have been well managed in the uk for the last 60 years that we 've been fracking for ) . 
  of course accidents happen . 
  you assess risks , put in place controls , and do your best to prevent accidents . 
  if the risks ca n't be brought to a reasonably low level you do n't do a thing , if they can , you do . 
  of course accidents happen . 
  you assess risks , put in place controls , and do your best to prevent accidents . 
  if the risks ca n't be brought to a reasonably low level you do n't do a thing , if they can , you do . 
  people get jobs , i suppose . 
  that said there is really very little oil and gas in ireland so i would n't be expecting much in terms of revenues anyway . 
  you 're right , of course , each day they just pick out a new town to bomb indiscriminately until all of the men , women and children contained in it are dead , because americans are actually comic book villains who take joy in spilling the blood of innocents . 
  you total clown . 
   is mass murdering innocent people across the world as we speak . 
  you do n't actually * believe * that garbage do you ? 
  perhaps you 're not familiar with my flag , but i 'm not american ... 
  good thing that fran\u00e7afrique are totally 100 % independent and not in any way bullied , threatened , coerced , bribed , or convinced in other forceful ways to allow total to do whatever the fuck they want to do in those countries then , i guess . 
  indeed , the spanish economy certainly does n't need the boost . 
  mmm , good thing that total would * never * do anything morally questionable to other countries . 
  * `` but i watched this movie called gasland which said fracking is eeeevil '' *, 
  implying that we were less * obviously * retarded before we decided to go on the recent self-harming spree . 
  hence the `` meager '' . 
  top bants bosnia . 
  there are a couple but they 're shit . 
  this is basically the sub for the eu + us britbongs now that we 're retarded . 
  all of those are dealt with via regulation , if a country so desires . 
  the uk already has regulation in place preventing any of that stuff . 
  i 'm sure it would n't be overly hard for ireland to follow suit . 
  ireland has very little onshore . 
  most of irelands ( meager ) oil reserves are offshore , and they 're exploiting them merrily . 
  they do n't actually pump chemicals into the soil , it gets pumped into rock miles underground . 
  hence the `` pretty much '' . 
  the f-35 is as radar stealthed as it gets , pretty much . 
  problem is , only a relatively small percentage of what you pay goes towards that . 
  most of your spending goes on social expenditure and education . 
  educatin ' kids and keeping the jakeys from dying in public . 
  councils have an obligation to do these things and they come before making sure every single road provides a svelte driving experience . 
  i pay almost a grand a year in council tax for stuff i never use , and probably never will . 
  of the # 50-100 i pay for the roads i would n't mind paying another # 20-50 if the roads were perfect , but it do n't work like that , i 'd have to pay another # xxx to improve all the other stuff too . 
  if an absence of potholes is what we judge politicians on then they would all fail , however as pointed out that 's a council issue . 
  no-one wants to pay more council tax , everyone wants perfect roads . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure where you 're going with this . 
  yeah the pkk would probably seize the opportunity to get rowdy . 
  nothing like a good invasion to unify a people . 
  one anchovy does n't make a pizza . 
  the coup was largley lower ranking officers , so yes it probably is weaker but not necessarily a * huge * amount weaker . 
  i think his wording is pretty unfortunate ( entirely forgivable given that he 's not a native english speaker ) , but that the gist of what he says is overall on point . 
  he 's clearly saying that being ethnically x does not mean you have to be y , but that if you adopt the culture of y , you will be y. 
  he 's not saying that the romani people who live upstanding lives are n't romani , he 's saying they 're not living `` culturally gypsy '' lives , which while i agree is an unfortunate use of terminology , we all know what he 's meaning to say and i think it 's a pretty good attitude to take overall . 
  much preferable to : `` romani = gypsy scum '' . 
  it 's only if we docouple race and culture that we stand a chance of * not * painting all romani with a very negative brush . 
  turkey would probably win a defensive war against russia . 
  either you 're vastly over-estimating russia 's power or vastly under-estimating that of turkey . 
  depends who 's invading you does n't it now ? 
  what 's racist about them ? 
  he seems to be disconnecting the ethnicity from the culture and recognising that the two are not intrinsically linked , that appears to be decidedly non-racist . 
  one bad deed does n't excuse another . 
  hahaha , le reddit circlejerk at it again . 
  theresa may , that well known evil nazi fascist . 
  even putting le pen and putin in the same sentence is moronic . 
  ironically showing democracy to be crap while trying to defend democracy , well done / u/darkpasta . 
  important to note though that greece was democratic when it joined and for about 20 years after , until the junta in ' 67 . 
  they were n't kicked out despite having a military coup and leadership for years . 
  it 's a * worse * case than turkey , although in the case of greece it was kept very much part of nato due to the cold war . 
  turkey does n't have that protecting it to the same extent , even though we exist in possibly a less stable time than existed when greece went full junta . 
  indeed , he was a dictator in all but name . 
   we have ? 
  who am i forgetting ? 
  estado novo and the greek junta . 
  estado novo was allowed so long as they did n't do anything too silly , and the junta was basically encouraged as a remedy to rising greek communist tendencies . 
  nato * promotes * democratic values , it does n't * require * them . 
  there is definitely precedent for far less democratic states than what turkey just voted to be to remain in it . 
  it 's a military alliance not a political union , and as long as we 're prepared to defend each other and our military and geopolitical goals remain aligned enough , it 'll continue . 
  when they become less aligned , it will end . 
  hopefully it will not end soon , as turkey is a powerful nation and we do not want them as an enemy . 
  we 've had non-democratic members in nato before and we will again . 
  turkey is important and if we can keep them in nato then that 'd be beneficial for our security . 
  the issue is not whether we allow them to stay , the issue is whether they choose to . 
  turkey has a strong armed forces and a booming economy , they could certainly opt to go their own route , making the most of their regional dominance and balance russia against the west . 
  there goes turkey :( this century is n't going very well is it ? 
  i think we should perhaps call the last 17 years a practise run and start over .
