  i already made it quite clear that i consider serious threats to personal safety to be black swan events and why i 'm nevertheless concerned about them . 
  you 're being completely disrespectful to a person because you do n't share their viewpoint . 
  grow the fuck up . 
   surely though it is better to keep the number of guns in public at a bare minimum so such unfortunate events do not occur in the first place . 
  not as such . 
  crimes involving firearms occur regardless of legislation , in fact since we banned most ownership of firearms in 1994 firearm crime has increased dramatically . 
   guns can also make a threatening situation far more serious and you could likely end up shooting someone by using non-proportional force and end up in jail yourself . 
  i 'm an adult , not a baby , so i accept that there are responsibilities associated with life . 
  if one intentionally uses a disproportionate level of force one should expect to be prosecuted for that . 
  that does n't seem to have any relation to firearms legislation whatsoever though . 
   i really do hope that you never do apply for a shotgun license as your reasoning for having a gun is sheer lunacy if you live here in the uk . 
  you think the desire to defend oneself is lunacy just because the risks of dying are low . 
  this is why americans think we 're nuts . 
  i 'm not prepared to say `` well , if i do get murdered , at least it 's all ok and it 's fine that i was disallowed from defending myself because it 's not going to happen to many other people '' . 
  this nation relies on its relative peacefulness to avoid the awkward problem that we afford our citizens no realistic capability for defence , but i refuse to accept that just because i 've got `` good odds '' that that 's enough . 
  edit : downvoted in every post i made in a thread which asks for opinions . 
  damn / r/europe , but if you do n't appear a bunch of dicks sometimes . 
   are you being serious ? 
  are you being intentionally rude ? 
   first of all i feel that it is not a necessary right to be able to carry a concealed firearm and governments are well within the law to suspend this presumed right as it presents the obvious chance of there being a danger to the public . 
  ok , firstly , government 's can * always * act within the law because they * write * the law . 
  secondly , on the principle of charity i 'm going to assume that you 're meaning they 're acting morally in prohibiting a thing which can cause a danger to the public . 
  yes ? 
   also can you give me an honest example of when you feel you would need a gun for self-defence purposes when out in public ? 
  i 'm not sure i 've ever felt the need for it . 
  but i 'm [ risk aware ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_swan_theory ) . 
   i am pretty sure it is unlikely that you will run into such situations here in the uk because guns are so rare in our society . 
  firearms do n't only act as defence against other firearms . 
   plus having guns concealed means that there is more paranoia as you do n't know who else has a gun . 
  why would i be paranoid about other people carrying firearms ? 
   surely by your logic deterrence is better than actual confrontation . 
  i 'm not sure what chain of logic if mine you think you 've caught onto . 
  nevertheless the answer is , again , of course . 
  that said actual confrontation sometimes happens and i value my life highly enough that i desire to be able to more effectively protect it . 
   also you would n't necessarily need a concealed carry permit if the law were similar to that of switzerland ( as [ 1 ] / u/lokarn already mentioned ) if you were just carrying a gun from a to b , when going to gun range . 
  i 'm not talking about carrying a firearm to and from a firing range , i 'm talking about carrying one every day in day to day life . 
  well , firstly let me just say that i do n't think rights are dictated by need . 
  so i 'm not really interested in my rights being determined based on what is necessary , but rather , based in the concept of universal rights . 
  secondly , why would i want one ? 
  for defence , obviously . 
  uk : you can get a shotgun licence moderately easily , but have to have a bolted down storage locker for it in your house , and the shotgun ca n't have a magazine greater than 3 shells . 
  rifle licenses can be gotten but require a good reason and letters of reference from people of good standing in the community . 
  i am not happy with them to be honest , but i would like to see czech style gun laws , where concealed carry of pistols is legal with a license . 
  i would enjoy being able to easily go to a firing range and do some shooting , but as it 's really quite complicated to do so , i just do n't bother . 
  what flag are you flying there , out of interest ? 
  i did n't , no . 
  the the french jewish lobby is remarkably effective though , probably second only to the us 's one . 
  yeah , i 'm not objecting to it as such , i just think it 's a bit silly to object to the israeli settlements but not to israels actions as a whole . 
  to godwin the fuck out of this , it 'd be like refusing to buy goods from nazi occupied poland , but being fine with buying them from bavaria . 
  did some retard say that the uk is n't in europe again ? 
  ireland is fairly economically dependent on the uk , so it might be for you guys . 
  not so sure for us , and given that we 'd be the ones paying for it , i do n't see it happening . 
  yes , of course . 
  this is n't necessary , just do n't buy anything from israel - problem solved . 
  i see fruit and veg from israel i just do n't buy it . 
  it 's not about whether it came from palestine or not , because by funding israeli business you fund the israeli military , and i do n't want to contribute to that . 
  i view it more as the big countries and the small , but still , we are all the eu . 
  anti-israel circlejerk ? 
  seriously , when israel are actively conquering lands by force and you 're going to call criticism of that a circlejerk ? 
  get some damn perspective man . 
  they 're also extremely inaccurate , and they kind of look a bit like flying dildos . 
  we * are * the eu . 
  aww do n't go all french on me now , you lot know we love you as brothers . 
   england uk , or at least britain , 
  aye , it 's just * terrible * . 
  a nation full of polite people who queue and drink tea and are the height of civilisation . 
  how i wish i could be in your country with all your rabies and * french * people ... 
  ah right ... so where gypsies live , but with others present ? 
  good question , neither am i. 
  my autotranslate says it means `` cited '' , but that does n't quite work . 
  can you use it in a sentence ? 
  french or english . 
   they are citizens , goddamnit . 
  maybe if people would stop painting them and their children ( ! ), 
  as criminal scum we could have an honest shot at breaking the cycle and reaching those children . 
  the issue that the ones which remain as gypsies and do n't integrate do n't give us many colours to paint them with . 
  it 's undeniable that criminality in gypsy communities is a huge issue . 
  low enough chances that there is n't a record of a case with domestic origin for many years . 
  catching rabies in the uk is about as likely as getting bubonic plague . 
  oh right yes if i recall that particular conversation i did quite profoundly disagree with you . 
  somewhat surprised you 'd be of a similar position to me on this given that , but ah well . 
  i 'm quite sorry to say i have no idea who you are , sorry . 
  what do we normally disagree on ? 
  i shall commit your name to memory though and since apparantly we do n't generally agree keep an eye out for our no doubt many future disagreements !, 
  good day to you , 
  you 'll always have rights groups that 'll spin it as if * maybe * gypsies * occasionally * steal or beg but that it 's an exception to the rule , and that it 's only because of the long years or persecution . 
  i accept that gypsies have been persecuted for pretty much the entirety of history since they moved to europe , but that in no way negates the fact that their culture is built on fuckin ' crime . 
  holidays/foreigners . 
  only option , no rabies in the uk anymore , hence the long quarantine times for animals people want to bring into the uk . 
  in the uk we civilised the shit out of our country . 
  the only reason we will have had a case will be because of someone going on holiday . 
  there 's literally nothing inside the country that can give you rabies anymore . 
  or poison you . 
  or eat you . 
  civilised as hell ... 
  nice of you to give me an entire 10 minutes to do so ... as for finland , you lot are still fairly blond haired blue eyed compared with most parts . 
  i agree that ( at least the sw and south central ) feel a lot less like * everyone * is blond haired and blue eyed than the stereotype , but still , compared with many places and just in general , finland is also a fairly blond/blue place . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're asking whether how i know that 's the stereotype , or how i know that 's the case . 
  either way , i could say dual reasons since i know if i provide either on its own someone will whine on that the other is required . 
  so firstly , yes , i 've been to sweden and know swedes .
