  now this i agree with to an extent . 
  we ( eu ) need to get out there and start digging . 
  we 've got plenty of unemployed , we should be out there replacing china as the leading source of rare earth metals on this planet . 
  it 's very sad that we 're not and i do n't quite understand why the eu has n't made a strategic decision to push for this . 
  that said , greenland is a part of the kingdom of denmark , and they do not get final say on issues of security . 
  if denmark decide that control of rare earth metals is an issue of national security , then the greenlanders better get ready for some smackdown . 
  denmark has nearly 6 million people in it , greenland + faroes have less than 100k put together . 
  when scotland and england became one , they did not all learn scots , we learnt english . 
  one is welcome to speak whatever language one wants in ones own country , but as a scot i fully recognise the practicality of a tiny country not expecting its language to be learnt when it joins up with a much much more populous country . 
  i was under the impression that as part of the kingdom of denmark , the danes would have the final say on this sort of stuff . 
  is that not the case ? 
  given that denmark runs foreign policy and security , could blocks not be easily made on these grounds ? 
  it seems utterly opportunistic and quite disgusting of greenland to accept half a billion euros a year , $ 8000 per person per year and then say `` oh , now we figure we 've got our economy sorted with these metal things , fuck you '' . 
  britain , if you please , not just england . 
  but yes , the commonwealth is a strange thing . 
  50 countries , about another 5 or 6 want to join , another 100 million people desiring to get into it . 
  yet at the same time it 's mostly a group of 2nd rate nations with a few developed nations holding it together . 
  because it 's in the commonwealth , and because the us would never show any interest in joining anyone else 's party . 
  you are right about sa though , i mean i stuck them in there , but we all know that sa is gradually de-europeanising , and is not exactly going to be a similar sort of country to the uk , can , aus , nz in a few years . 
  this is very unlikely . 
  you 're talking about unifying the most advanced bloc on the planet and the least advanced . 
  we 'd essentially need to build a wall . 
  this is a good point . 
  eventually i think it 's quite likely that north african countries will join ( you could say rejoin , based on the roman empire ) the european superstate , however this is a fair while away . 
  they 're far too religious , far too backward , and i just ca n't see it working right now . 
  i mean look what just happened in algeria - it 's not exactly a culture mesh with denmark and the republic of ireland now is it ? 
  we 've already rejected morocco on the grounds that it 's `` not european '' . 
  could we accept canada or new zealand ( essentially we 're talking about the white colonies only here , can/aus/nz / sa ish etc. ), 
  i 'm not sure on this one . 
  canada is already a member of nafta , and would australia and new zealand really want to be ruled from brussels howmany thousands of miles that is away ? 
  i mean lets face it the eu is going to become a federal country in the next few decades , does that work if parts of it are on the other side of the world ? 
   we do not hate europe , we simply just want to be good neighbours or as they put it an observer nation ... 
  speak for yourself . 
  it seems that your opinion is now a minority one in this country , and mine the more common . 
   we will never become a federal state of the eu again we disagree !, 
  i would vote for full federalisation by 2020 . edit : downvotes for an opinion ? 
  someone 's a bit of a dick then are n't they ? 
   the massive financial blackhole that is the city of london . 
  wait , what ? 
  you mean the city of london which generates nearly 10 % of our gdp ? 
  if there 's a referendum this could bring about a monumental change in the uk 's position in the world , and will fundamentally alter the direction of the country for the next century . 
  it 's worth doing some reading . 
  yay !, 
  this is the first time i have * ever * seen a uk poll which suggests we 'd do anything but get the fuck out instantly . 
  i 'm amazed , but happy . 
  really bloody happy . 
  sorry yeah my bad for lack of sources there . 
  my calcs were in head , it 's actually 2 % if you do n't include non battle related injuries - all from wikipedia . 
   i suspect this is looking at the number of casualties over the size of the army , where as in fact lots of troops have been deployed and left the army since , making this figure seem larger than it should be . 
  yes , but with a roughly consistent army size it 's reflective of the toll its taken on the military and the country . 
  there 's a lot of boys come back to blighty missing a leg or two , and a lot of sergeants out there who 'd quite like a year or two without constant medium intensity warfare . 
  i was told be a dude they 'd stopped the draft entirely , oh well . 
  does n't matter . 
  right and while france was n't exactly pussying around in afghan like the germans , they were n't deployed where the worst fighting was . 
  us , the canadians , the dutch while they were there , and the yankees took parts that province too ( helmand ) . 
  not trying to belittle the french contribution here , but it 's just that the french army is inevitably going to be considerably less battle weary than the british one . 
  5 % of our entire army has been wounded or killed in afghan in the last decade . 
  interesting way of splitting it . 
  seems strange that you do 1.5 years where they can get you , then 1.5 where they ca n't . 
  i suppose half and half actually , considering germany does 3 year degrees , so perhaps it makes sense . 
  right , yeah , and we thought we 'd secured net neutrality in europe years ago . 
  fucking french . 
  they 're so fucking protectionist . 
  seriously guys , sort this shit out . 
   until you were in the forth semester . 
  do you perhaps mean 4th year ? 
  4th semester would be the second half of 2nd year , which would be quite a strange limit to put on it . 
  right , no-one and no culture is in the long term , and vice versa . 
  we were savages a thousand years ago , now we 're not . 
  take a european baby and stick them in the car to grow up and they 'll believe in fgm and witches too , and take a wee car baby and raise them in norway and they wo n't - it 's a cultural issue . 
  education and superstition as well as generational change makes a huge difference to culture , yes , i completely agree . 
  it 's something that can be altered and improved or worsened over time , but i 'm not going to ignore that . 
  you have to look at numbers to see how shitty a culture is , you 're picking the odd extreme example and citing that as if it means anything , which tells me that you 've failed to understand my argument . 
  fgm prevalence in the north east , central , and west africa goes as high as 98 % in some countries . 
  this is not an anomaly as with fritzel , it is not an outlier , this is something which is endemic within the country and due to the culture of that particular country or major constituents of the country . 
  i do n't judge austria to have a shitty culture because they ** abhor ** fritzel , because he was 1 man of many who did n't do that , because he was an outlier . 
  i judge somalian culture as shitty because they cut off the external genitalia of 90-98 % of young girls forcibly because their shitty culture does n't want women to enjoy sex . 
  it 's not just different , it 's worse . 
  the same with pashtun culture , which despite having many lovely facets and some very admirable morality , at the same time has ingrained the aspiration to own a 6 - 10 year old boy to have for raping on a regular basis . 
  they aspire . 
  to own a boy . 
  to rape . 
  it 's literally cultural paedophilia , so yes , that culture is also inferior to my own . 
  for all the facets of my culture , or japanese culture , or french culture that i do n't like , the nastiness , the homophobia , the casual racism which is only now just being stamped out , we do not all grow up aspiring to rape young boys , and yes , that makes these aforementioned cultures qualitatively superior to pashtun culture . 
  seriously , fuck fgm , fuck bacha bazi , and fuck any culture which says those things are ok . 
  there do appear to be an alarming number of them for a country filled with brown coloured people xd edit : that was a joke , no need to throw toys out the pram ... 
  [ unicef report on witchcraft accusations in sub.s africa ] ( http://www.unicef.org/wcaro/wcaro_children-accused-of-witchcraft-in-africa.pdf ) [ international humanist and ethical union report ] ( http://www.iheu.org/node/2856 ) in nigeria a law had to be passed making it illegal to accuse someone of being a witch . 
  not that this has really had much effect , but hey , it was so bad they had to try something eh ? 
   and any dictionary . 
  sorry but no , i 've had a look around . 
  they all refer to it as discrimination based on `` race '' , race being the antiquated 19th century term for concepts related to skin colour and based in genetics . 
   and science . 
  science does n't define words except words which relate to science , which * ethnocentrism * does not , nor does * racism * really . 
   jews were considered a `` non-white '' race just 50 years ago . 
  there is no good reason to separate discrimination based on race from discrimination based on ideas of race , and that 's what 's at play here . 
  i 'm sorry , have you read what i said * at all ? 
  * i literally just said in my last post that racism , discrimination based on skin colour or genetic history , is stupid , and irrational . 
   i do n't really care what `` most people '' think , because in this case they 're wrong . 
  ethnography is a science , and it defines its terms quite clearly . 
  well , yes , to an extent i agree .
