  yes indeed , terribly sorry for bioengineering phytophthora infestans . 
  bioengineers in the early 19th century really just did n't have any morals about them !, 
  perhaps he 's into * older * men . 
  hey no fair , you guys ban abortions and shunt all your gay guys into the only role that requires celibacy . 
   when did scandinavia become excluded from west europe ? 
  since always ? 
  the nordic countries are northern europe . 
  then again , so is the uk according to the un , so this map is n't really western europe much . 
  very intelligent guy . 
  quite worrying what 's happening in ukraine these days , i do n't forsee good things unfortunately . 
  [ this disagrees . 
  ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/mil_con_arm_exp-military-conventional-arms-exports ) as does [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.caat.org.uk/resources/facts-figures/top-arms-exporters.php ) 540 million dollars would indeed put norway in the league of the top 10 ( 5th ) , but something is not quite right when norway considers itself to be a huge arms exporter , but no-one else does . 
  essentially it 's a holdover from religious times , when the church did n't want people drinking late on a saturday night , or on a sunday . 
  in general it 's just church influence . 
  we have n't got rid of it mostly because the scottish government is quite anti-booze though , since scots consume the 8th highest levels of alcohol in the world . 
  either way , by revenue they 're not that massive a defence company . 
  not saying they 're nothing , just that they 're not that big . 
  ah yes , they appear to exist . 
  perhaps big for a country as small as norway , but not huge . 
  certainly not in the top 20 manufacturers . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  i ca n't think that norway has any major arms manufacturers . 
  unfortunately , regardless , you got downvoted by someone who you for even mentioning the arms industry . 
  scotland is poo for this . 
  you can only buy booze until 10pm ( so if you go to the pub for 1 and fancy just going back to a mate 's house for another few , no can do unless you planned ahead ) . 
  i do n't mind not being able to buy booze until 10am on a sunday , but seriously , why ca n't i buy booze at 11pm ? 
  the end is nigh !, 
  the end is nigh !, 
  people say this now as if it could be guaranteed years ago . 
  it seemed to work for finland and estonia though , eh ? 
   irish , by the way . 
  not biased ftfy . 
  just sayin ... 
  they live in ** direct ** democracy . 
  that 's not the same as representative democracy , and it does n't necessarily entail the same guarantees . 
  the swiss have a history of using this direct democracy in order to get rid of minority symbols they do not like . 
  it would not surprise me if they do it again . 
  buddy , the the daily mail is badly written , badly sourced trash . 
  it regularly lies , steals other people 's work , and issues tiny corrections weeks after it 's told the entire nation something completely false . 
  [ this says it all . 
  it is n't called the daily heil for nothing . 
  ] ( http://www.b3tards.com/u/23925b16ee60d4243068/daily_mail_may_2nd_1945_hitler_dead_boohoo.jpg ), 
   a boss is the one that owns the company , and tell his slaves ( i.e you ) what to do each morning . 
  i work voluntarily , and i can leave if i so desire . 
  slaves ca n't quit   how does one become like you ? 
  i mean , you go at work each morning , like a good slave , try to cooperate with your boss ( like a good slave ) , get paid a pittance ( like a good slave ) , and oops it 's 10pm , and like a good slave you go to bed early so you can please your master the next day . 
  you appear to view all work as slavery , i suppose that one becomes like me by * not * viewing work as slavery . 
  i value work because it sustains me . 
  work is the mechanism by which i generate the value required to exist . 
  some of the work i do is essentially labour for others , some of the work i do is tutoring ( independently - that is , i am my own boss ) , which uses my intellectual `` means of production '' to generate value . 
  i do n't view work as fundamentally demeaning , because i do n't think the world owes me my life . 
  i must work for my life , and i 'm lucky enough to have a variety of different ways of doing this - i choose ones which suit me . 
   right now ? 
  from other slaves ( who are in a worst position then me ) . 
  but it 's not like it 's a good thing . 
  we must do something about it ( presumably create non-conscious robots - but there is a ton of literature on the subject on how humanity can deal with the misery of work - check bertrand russell texts . 
  so it would appear you confirm my earlier belief , you are fundamentally opposed to the concept of work . 
  this seems really quite saddening to me . 
  the very term we 've created for the action of doing that which generates fuel for life , for living , you are opposed to . 
  to be anti-work to me seems to be anti-life . 
   go back to work . 
  your boss-friend-co-worker needs your surplus . 
  in a non-offensive way . 
  oh no , i 'm studying so i can be one of the evil bosses one day , evilly producing new materials or drugs via my socialism proof means of production ( my brain ) . 
   compared to what was there before it , yes . 
  compared to what we can create once we take the beast down , no . 
  the beast being capitalism ? 
   i do n't own means of production . 
  nor do you presumably . 
  so , you are as much of a slave as me . 
  i am no slave . 
  i do all that i do in live voluntarily , and by choice . 
  one does not need `` means of production '' ( as if that term was n't utterly antiquated in this day and age ) to generate value beyond one 's own mind and hands . 
   but still a slave who 's only thing worth selling is his time . 
  that is all anyone sells . 
   but you will still be his slave . 
  speak for yourself . 
   categorically no . 
  it 's deeply immoral . 
  work by itself is immoral . 
  but let 's get back to earth . 
  work is immoral ? 
  on what grounds is that the case ? 
  if you oppose all work then you presumably may as well just oppose human life , no ? 
   it 's not theft . 
  it 's taking back what 's yours . 
  it 's a moral obligation of the state . 
  it would be immoral to act otherwise . 
  but it 's not theirs . 
  it was , then they sold it . 
  now it rightfully belongs to another group of people . 
  if they desired to be moral , they 'd give back the money they accepted for it , do n't you think ? 
   but since you ca n't redistribute wealth , we still need to work on it . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the vast majority of people in my country , the uk , receive services worth considerably more than the tax they contribute . 
  wealth redistribution happens to a huge degree in the developed capitalist world . 
   you are so mistaken . 
  there is nothing in common a boss has with her workers . 
  well maybe the chains that the she uses to bind them ?
