   you 'd think usa controls at least half the planet the way russia talks about usa government . 
  the russians live in this bipolar world though where it 's literally the usa and its puppets vs. russia and it 's noble allies . 
  they do n't realise that their country has become not very important and that the only reason anyone puts up with their shit is because nukes . 
  they also appear to be far far more concerned with the west than i think most westerners realise , and they appear to expect that this is reciprocated , when in fact apart from those of us who take a special in eastern europe and russian relations , most people could n't give a shit about russia . 
  bonds require repayment , and part of the idea of the eu is that essentially , we give away what is not a lot of money to us but is a lot to those who recieve it . 
  it 's worth it , as we 're creating markets to sell goods and trade with . 
  look at what 's happened to poland in the last 15 years for a prime example of what eu funding can achieve . 
  too cheap really . 
  you can get passable brie for under # 2 per 200g wedge . 
  the value stuff is totally tastless , it 's just gooey fat . 
   did he forget that france is the first producer of wine worldwide ?!!!, 
  i know this was a sarcastic post , but that 's not actually true , it was most likely georgia or other parts of central eurasia . 
  wealthy distribution is useful within the eu . 
  there 's been continual and significant wealth transfer from west to east over the last few decades , and it 's in part to that the the ex-warsaw pact countries are developing so rapidly . 
  we pay extra money now , they grow faster , we pay less money in the future and get richer because our neighbours are richer . 
  but all the shares in 5 of the portuguese banks , more like . 
  ww2 showed us that runway repair is actually quite simple and easy . 
  this is the longest runway in eastern ukraine , and significant for more reasons than just that too . 
  russia has been supplying troops , arms , and tanks , yes . 
  it 's moved twice a year , since the french insist on it being in strasbourg half of every year . 
  nevertheless , moving it every 6 months is absurd and the place should permanently be in brussels , the capital of the eu . 
  i agree that it definitely has a symbolic aspect to it , however i just think that overall brussels seems like the ideal choice . 
  it 's the de facto eu capital already , it 's part of belgium which is a small , multiethnic , peaceful society , and it 's not going to be seen as unfairly favouring any one of the nations which could turn that gain to their advantage . 
  riiiight , but the eu is n't just a union of france and germany anymore , it 's much much more than that . 
  you want a union , go ahead and form one , but for the time being the eu is 28 nations with a perfectly functioning capital city in brussels , and one of the member nations insists on the rest of us paying every year to have the entire parliament uprooted and moved into one of its cities because , essentially , of ego . 
  it 's offensively childish . 
   the economies fluctuate ( in the 90s the uk was behind italy for example ) just , and for one year . 
  since 1980 the uk economy has been larger ( most years significantly larger ) than the italian one in all except for about 3 or 4 years . 
  morover , the uk economy is growing well while the italian one is flatlining . 
   you could argue the three major powers in the eu to be the three mainland european ones . 
  given italy has no presence on the world stage , i think you 'd be foolish to . 
  hard to say really , interesting question . 
  i looked up the physical origin of weed and it turns out it 's from central and southern asia ( as north as the stans , as south as india ) . 
  it seems the greeks did n't use it but did trade it , turkic people 's have a fairly long history of using it . 
  wine would appear to be about 6000 years old ( starting off in georgia - the home of wine :p ) , but given that weed requires no preparation ( you can just eat it , afterall ) it seems likely that weed would be older . 
  the truth is no doubt a lot more complicated , interesting , and less black and white than that though , 
  i would guess that cannabis is probably actually the old wine , tbh . 
  somebody has to remind the frogs who 's actually doing all the work . 
  perhaps , tbh i think there 's just a bit of circlejerking going on here , but hey ho . 
  i do n't see why having the parliament in brussels fulltime is n't even more popular an idea than it already is . 
  the difference between the economies of italy and france is larger than the entire economy of sweden , and nearly as large as that of the nl . 
  italy is , economically , militarily , diplomatically , and these days , culturally , not on a par with france or the uk . 
  you know the answer to this is obvious , you clearly just do n't much like it . 
  why should something be necessary to be legal ? 
  the most common reason given in the uk is to provide ones child with a high quality of education without having to pay for expensive private schools or private teachers . 
  remoteness can also be an issue , although that is rare . 
  i see what you 're saying and i do n't disagree about the social value of school , although realistically a child who attends multiple groups a week will get the same experiences , just to a slightly lesser degree . 
  it 's a sacrifice for sure to not get those things , but some parents feel the quality of education , especially primary education in the uk , is so low , that it warrants educating them at home . 
   the uk can never be the location of the eu parliament are you high ? 
  no-one suggested that . 
  you 're asking that as if the answer is n't utterly obvious . 
  too much wine already eh ? 
  you 're the second person to attempt to wind up an anglo with that frenchy , so not only are you being unoriginal but slow too !, 
  well we have inspectors for that sort of thing to ensure they 're being taught to read and write and are being raised to a standard whereby they can sit and pass our national exams . 
  there is only so much control that the state can or should exert within the home though . 
  that 's clearly more about religious nutters than education though . 
  i mean , so long as you ensure that standards are maintained at a certain level in the kids who 're homeschooled then i do n't see what the issue is . 
  the parents - sorry that 's obvious within the context of the term in the uk . 
  the term `` homeschooling '' would n't really be used for having a private teaching staff , and that would be a rare occurrence anyway due to it being only affordable by the very wealthy . 
  i 'm quite surprised to find that this is such a big deal in germany . 
  yeah , despite of our fairly mediocre internet infrastructure , we do have a pretty big focus on doing things online , every government agency and public utility will have a functioning website where you can transact at least some if not all of your business . 
  businesses which do n't have an online presence are a rare oddity . 
  we also have training courses set up basically for older people who 're crap at computers and using the net so that they can at least learn the basics . 
  people often assume the old are uninterested in computers and the internet but the reality is that they just do n't know what they 're missing out on , nor where to get started . 
  our government even has an [ award winning website ] ( https://www.gov.uk ) which is pretty much a mixture of government information and a how-go guide on everything that you might think about in relation to the government . 
  67 % of people between 64 and 75 use it . 
  he seemed to be largely bored of us , he was a little odd but i suspect that 's just because he had little interest in associating with most of us . 
  he hung out with the super-nerdy kids in the library all lunch . 
  i think that was more us being annoying kids and him being more mature , than vice versa . 
  i went to school with a kid who 'd been homeschooled from 5 to 14 . 
  kid was way ahead of the rest of us , much firmer basic knowledge , and also had a grasp of ideas and concepts most of us were just beginning to think about . 
  he was n't a genius or anything , he was just way ahead . 
  symbolism largely , although there are definite logical logistical advantages to having the institutions centralised . 
  it makes plenty of sense to have a significant proportion of the institutions within one city . 
  i 'm guessing you were just saying this as an attempt to wind me up a bit , but the issue in question is that having the parliament in any one country , which not intrinsically meaningful , is symbolically quite powerful . 
  the capital city of the eu should contain the parliament . 
  it just makes sense to have it in brussels , given the location , and the fact that no-one is going to feel it unfair in any big way . 
  obviously , as an aside to that point but probably the response you were looking for , spain is not one of the three major powers of the eu in any sense , and you know i was referring to the uk , a nation which dwarfs spain in its population , economy , economic growth , military , foreign presence , and pretty much everything else . 
  now now , do n't be rude , someone has to pay for your baguettes . 
  it 's quite astonishing that so few italians use the internet . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's basically a requiement for modern life in the uk , there are all sorts of things i would n't know how to even do offline anymore . 
  france should n't be the seat of the eu parliament , as it 's symbolically a mess to have that institution placed in any of the three major powers . 
   i seriously do n't understand how is that possible that just few years ago europe was outraged when ukraine named him as a national hero [ 1 ] [ 1 ] . 
  the european parliament was equally alarmed by organisations like svoboda and right sector [ 2 [ 2 ] ] . 
  but now , when those forces became sort of useful in propagating european interests they suddenly became ok and not that bad . 
  no , they become less of a focus because there is a bigger , more important focus . 
  how is that not logical to you ? 
  when i get cancer i stop worrying about improving my marathon time and focus on curing the cancer . 
   he was the head of oun and upa . 
  and oun and upa committed terrible atrocities . 
  what other proof you need ? 
  proof of intention . 
   i mean c'mon ... that was their goal and that is what they were doing . 
  you seriously do n't think there is anything wrong with that ? 
  never said otherwise , but i recognise that ukraine had been consistently fucked over by its neighbours and that he was a nationalist who wanted a strong independent nation . 
  i do n't think people should be surprised that happened and i think that it must be recognise that people will respect him for that alone , regardless of what else was done . 
  oh i agree completely , i just love a good chance to take the piss out of modern italy 's absolute military incompetence . 
  losing land to argentina would have been complicated , but having thousands of our citizens effectively taken hostage would have been a bigger problem . 
  i suspect we might have needed to invoke the big ol' bomb and threaten their capital . 
  you think that 's bad , i had to resist the urge to smack a bunch of italians who must have been in their late teens when visiting auschwitz who were giggling and joking , and taking photos where they all gave two thumbs up while surrounding a sign saying auschwitz on it .
