  fuck :( i do n't think there should be any defaults , it just totally ruins subreddits . 
  you 're complaining about fascists and saying that they should n't be allowed the freedom of expression to voice/protest ? 
  are you familiar with irony ? 
  oh shit this is a default now ? 
  we 're boned if so :(, 
  bandera ... a ukrainian nationalist . 
  what about him ? 
  basically accurate , is n't it ? 
  if anyone was insane enough to use them , yes . 
  it 's not just nukes , regular old explodey surface to surface missiles will be protected against too . 
  it 's not so much controversial as complained about by the irish because it 's fun to be petty or something . 
  when nato will understand what ? 
  they do n't even get yet that the nations they invaded and occupied for 50 years were n't `` allies '' . 
  it 'll be a long time before they understand that waving guns around is n't the way to keep `` allies '' ( or even formerly occupied puppet states ) . 
  they 've never tried the `` do '' option so this charge of `` damned if we do , damed if we dont ' '' is not proven . 
  i hear it a lot but it 's rubbish , since germany has n't actually been doing anything serious in its dominant position of the eu viz a viz foreign politics . 
  i 'd ask if istanbul should then be renamed to constantinople but that is n't even an apt comparison because they 're actually the same cities , unlike historic derry and modern londonderry . 
  the historical facts are that there was a city called derry , it was destroyed , and a new city was founded nearby called londonderry . 
  it 's not the same city . 
  they would n't have been a worthwhile point of attack for the japanese if the british had had them . 
  japan was n't attacking hawaii , it was attacking the us pacific fleet . 
  that said , if they had attacked it we 'd have almost certainly lost it , as we lost all the rest of our far east posesssions . 
  but , i was talking about the facts . 
  what you 're suggesting i ca n't exclude are the more irrational feelings on both sides . 
  i think that on balance , this is a good thing . 
  true , the oil sands are a nasty way of getting oil out of the ground , however right now we need oil from everywhere that is n't russia that we can get it , and canada has plenty to export to us . 
  they definitely made the wrong call there , they could have been glorious tea drinkers instead of spam . 
  zimbabwe barely has a currency anymore , they 're running on the usd after their inflation his something insane like 10 thousand percent per day ( not actually joking , it was in that rough order of magnitude at one point ) . 
  the irony here is that the future of poland is much brighter than that of russia . 
  but that 's not the cities name , if derry was a destroyed city and a new city was built nearby , which expanded to take over the site of what had been derry , then it would make sense that londonderry would be the cities name ( excluding the highly political nationalist/loyalist feelings ) . 
  agreed that that was mass murder , but there 's got to be an element of `` do n't poke the hungry bear '' here . 
   but the british have committed war crimes on the irish we have ? 
  i 'm fairly sure the british military has n't been deployed to ireland in quite some time . 
  it seems based on what a poster said above that that 's * not * its original name since it was a new town built in a different location to the original derry , so its original name would indeed by londonderry . 
  haha , you little racist you . 
  you are actually failing to recognise that citizenship and ethnicity are two different things ? 
  russian can mean russian citizen or ethnic russian , although in general in english it would refer to citizenship . 
  there are people who are ethnically russian but not russian , and there are people who are russian and not ethnically russian . 
  it 's both , and the two are distinct . 
  i 'm surprised you can be so confident and so wrong at the same time . 
  well you are am ignorant southerner , i 'd expect that . 
  the oil rig which i 'm on in scotland pumping out liquid gold 24/7 has lots of computers . 
  some of them are ... kind of . 
  i 'm about to go to bed and now i 'll know what i 've been dreaming about when i wake up all sticky and ashamed . 
  that 's because you southerners speak such poor english . 
  500 years , surely ? 
  millions of people die because we do nothing . 
  there is a line to be drawn somewhere . 
  we 're not discussing about whether to let people on this planet die or not , we 're discussing which ones we should really be focussed on helping or saving . 
   it 's not voluntary it 's covered by international law and enforced by the echr ( and , i believe , the ecj ) . 
  international law says that we have to accept asylum applications , not that we have to go out and ship hundreds of people to our shores so they can then claim it . 
   because of the right everyone has to request asylum , we ca n't really do otherwise . 
  they have a right to request but that right does n't include us giving them a taxi ride into the eu . 
  brown people calling other brown people monkeys ... you do n't see the stupidity there ... not at all ? 
  it is . 
  that does n't mean that the only view of racism i have is about colour , and nor does it exclude that some racists are working largely along the lines of colour . 
   you view things solely based on ` colour ' as race no i do n't , and i never implied or suggested that i do . 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  but clearly chucking bananas at people * is * racism ... 
  course not , people in india are ( largely ) brown yet still differentiate based on shades of brown . 
  perhaps you 're right , but then , from many of the racists i 've met they have a thing against indians/pakistanis , despite them being caucasian , so i do n't think it 's accuarte at all to say it has `` nothing '' do to with colour . 
  ok chief , you 're clearly a master of international politics and uninterested in actually statinig much more than `` ur wrong '' so i shall leave you to your mass of wisdom . 
  right , keep repeating what i said earlier because that makse you sound so smart ... 
  so ... you 're saying it 's not a crime for people to get in a boat and sail over to europe , but it is a crime for us to put those people in another boat and sail them back to africa . 
  you 're not making much sense . 
  as for your warships comment , i never said we had to stop them using transport ships , we could stop them as we do right now and transfer them to just transport ships . 
  nice an ' simple . 
  so you 'd be happy if we transferrred these boat people to just some random civilian coast guard or transport ships and did it that way ? 
  of course , racism is an absurd childishness given that race is mostly a social construct anyway , it 's just something which gives me a chuckle , when racists are basing their racism on `` whiteness '' and to my eyes , the colour of their skin is brown . 
  except , you do n't know the proportion of people who vote for ukip who are racist because you 're just guessing based on your prejudices . 
  ooh are n't you lovely . 
  if that 's an official invasion then europe is being invaded every day ... so then it 'd be ... defensive i guess ? 
  if possible that would be an ideal solution , however the fact that we 're not doing it already suggests to me that it 's prohibitively expensive/impossible . 
  it just seems unnecessarily inspecific . 
  i mean , we could just call them `` people '' but we do n't , because that 's even more inspecific . 
  no , absolutely they would n't , so they 'd start to feel the way we do . 
  we 're unhappy because people from one country are getting on boats and coming to land on our shores . 
  they 'd be unhappy because people from boats would be landing on their shores . 
  if tunisia wants to do something about having illegal immigrants into its nation then great , but currently they , and many other north african nations do n't give a toss , because ultimately they know that people are just passing through on their way to us . 
  we do help people , but we clearly do n't open up our doors to anyone and everyone for a good reason . 
  the chances of someone who does n't speak the native language and does n't have even a primary level education being a great contributor to our socities is low . 
  not at all , it 's just odd that brown people would be racist towards ... other brown people . 
  tory or labour would be number 1 with racists easily . 
  you can bet just on the numbers of votes the big two parties get alone that they get the most racists voting for them . 
  they 're caucasian sure , but a lot of the time they 're not really ... white . 
  it 's not that , it 's that it seems odd for one brown person to laugh at another brown person for being brown . 
  you 're the one talking about black and white `` accept all international law or accept none of it '' bud . 
  it 's an illegal act , which can be justified by the claim for asylum . 
  i do n't see a problem with that , nor a problem with that status quo . 
  if a claim for asylum is made the act is justified , if a claim is not made the act continues to be illegal . 
  the other side of that would be that economic illegals are n't breaking the law until it 's deteremined that they 're not asylum seekers , which is absurd . 
  i guess economic refugees is a nicer term than leeches . 
  you can dress it up however you want jeff , it 's the same thing . 
  entering a foreign nation without permission is illegal . 
   it 's not using a slippery slope argument . 
  either international laws and norms matter , or they do n't . 
  that 's just absurd man . 
  international law is important but not un-trumpable , and international norms ... well , what need i say , they 're norms ...  any country has valid grounds for annulling any agreement they have with you on the grounds that you do it . 
  sovereign nations are free to do as they want to . 
  that 's what sovereignty is .
