  yah , they do . 
  oh no , i think we should be thouroughly scathing in our criticism of racists , racism is incredibly stupid and ill thought out , i just do n't think people should go to prison for being stupid . 
  me too . 
  that joke would n't get me fired or suspended . 
  have you not ? 
  right , sensitive , not sexist . 
  although i ca n't see that it 's * that * sensitive , i mean , 99/100 people who 've experienced it are n't here to be offended . 
  it really really is n't . 
  unless you 're opposed to abortion , now * that 's * sexist . 
  abortions are equal opportunity !, 
  yeah bud , it was . 
  have a lovely evening , 
  there 's nothing sexist about abortion mate . 
  sexist , wrong , and rude ... my , your mother must have been really disappointed when they failed your abortion . 
  societies are n't made , they come together naturally , but assuming you meant by society the term `` nation state '' or `` country '' then i 'd say that essentially the state is made to protect the rights of its citizenry . 
  too late mofo , i did that years ago before it was cool . 
  you ? 
  is this a trick question ? 
  agreed . 
  you first . 
  ` eh , the fuss would n't have been so great if ed had said it . 
  it 's just another `` grumble grumble tories '' thing imo , they 're all approaching being as bad as each other for authoritarianism , but labour are still winning at being more so imo . 
  oh fuck you , people being triggered is my trigger , i ca n't believe you 'd lord your privilege to say that you 're triggered over me . 
  you trigger-normative scum . 
  yah , so now i have to use a vpn to a german lady urinating in an old man 's mouth just ` cos mummy and daddy do n't want to take responsibility for the little bucket of dna they shat into the world . 
  if parents wo n't parent we should stop calling them parents and start calling them donors , and take away * their * god damn rights , not mine . 
  joseph de maistre he did n't get much right , but he got that right . 
  taken out of context imo , he 's saying that just because you have n't beheaded someone , if you 're on the train to go behead people in syria we might stop you . 
  it was a dumb thing to say but it 's not nearly as orwellian as some people are keen to make it out to be , and i think everyone knows that . 
  give it 5 years now mate , the slippery slope takes time to slide down !, 
  dunno , would he have found the time to ban it in between his coke and hooker-killing binges ? 
  boooooooooooooooooring . 
  id cards , 90 day detention , extraordinary rendition , attempting to create a huge dna database , a law to give pretty much every state body access to every citizens telephone records , control orders , hate speech , restrictions on photography of the police . 
  you even asking that question is just plain rude . 
  ` cos kids get access to pr0n and parents do n't want their little kids getting access to porn but the idea of actually parenting just seems like an awful lot of effort so should n't it really be the government 's responsibility to do it for them , afterall , it 's the government 's responsibility to do pretty much everything else now , should n't they be helping parents parent too ? 
  ah , britain has never been particularly free when it comes to expression or information . 
  we 've never had proper free speech , our government has always happily handed out d-notices , we 've got super-injunctions where even mentioning that there exists an injunction which was obtained by x person is illegal . 
  we 've got absurd hate-speech laws , and we 're heading towards making it illegal to offend people . 
  the sad thing is , most brits * want * some or all of this , and so i do n't try to argue against it any more , i do n't try and shout and rave about how this is awful , about how it curtails a fundamental and essential part of being human , or that it 's an awful state for a nation to be in , i just figure out workarounds for the internet and watch what i say around people because i can now get in trouble with the law if i say something which is deemed hateful or `` abusive '' . 
  as per usual , a people get the government they deserve . 
  economic competence is the foundation of electability , yes . 
  a party can not get elected without it , but a party will not be elected * just * because of it . 
  in terms of what ? 
  farage would never have banned porn , he 's head of one of the small anti-authoritarian parties i was referencing . 
  i 'm sure whatever country you 're from ( flair up ! ), 
  has equally shit politicians . 
  the person who the plurality of voters considered to be the least worst option . 
  if you think the other side was any better , they 're not , they 're just as authoritarian if not more so . 
  the only parties who are anti-authoritarian are small and have no chance of being elected in any real numbers . 
  it 's clear the mods have decided that they should dictate what content we can and can not have . 
  upvotes and downvotes , the democratic and effective method being judged to not elevate the * right kind * of threads , or sink the * wrong kind * of threads . 
  how depressing , / r/europe has always been one of the best subreddits , and now a handful of moderators are threatening to ruin a 400,000 strong sub . 
   underpaid professionals , non paid overtime , non remunerated interns ( this is legal , and it 's a plague ) i get that all of these things suck , but in the uk we have all of these things and our economy and labour market are either near the best or the best in europe . 
  i do n't buy into the `` lazy spaniard '' stereotype , but there must be something that attracts all these businesses to the uk and not spain , and i do n't buy the language is the only differentiator . 
  appreciate your answer though , i ca n't say all of it makes sense as an explanation for the serial under-performance of the spanish economy and employment stats , but some of it does , 
  not necessarily , but perhaps better than some . 
  so why does the spanish economy suck so much ? 
  serious question !, 
  it 's not about forgetting roots , remember them all you want to , no-one objects to some pierogi or decent vodka , but if you want to live and raise families in the uk for generations do n't try and stay romanian or polish or whatever . 
  if you want to live in a country , assimilate . 
  yeah , to an extent , but especially the muslims from ex-british india never really integrated properly . 
  i 've met a few younger people who have grandparents from the indian subcontinent who still , after 50 years in the uk , can not speak english . 
  the people who came initially were actually mostly alright , they just did n't integrate properly . 
  the problem arises because their kids are then also not integrated properly , have this feeling of alienation from british culture , and then some of them do things like blowing themselves up on trains , or chopping soldiers heads off in broad daylight , or trying to blow up airliners . 
  we dun ' goofed when we let so many in , and it beggars belief that we 're letting any more in . 
  because we owned british india , which included pakistan and bangladesh , and then after we gave them their independence we needed immigrants in the 50 's and 60 's so we allowed a lot of them in because there was a lot of migration from british india to us anyway , and then gradually just got used to them coming here and have continued to allow more and more and more of them in . 
  thankfully that flow has been severely reduced in recent years because it 's now extremely hard to get into the uk if you 're not from the uk ( or sneaking in through calais ) . 
  i agree though , terrible mistake , we should have only taken indians . 
  they integrate , they do better in school , they make more , they commit less crime , do n't become terrorists , they 're just better all round from a practical perspective . 
  in our defence , back in the 50 's and 60 's hindus ( indians ) and muslims ( pakistanis ) were all just funny sounding brown people to brits . 
  as for `` why not poles ? '', 
  - we took over 200,000 of them in after ww2 , and they were really our first ever experience with mass immigration , which actually went very well . 
  the poles integrated excellently and it 's not really uncommon in the uk to find people with british forenames and polish surnames who 're clearly as british as me or the queen , since their families have been in the uk for 3 generations and are utterly integrated . 
  laugh all you want , we 're giving them eu citizenship and once the uk is renamed to the islamic caliphate of crap britain and prison ireland you lot will be next on the shopping list . 
  a nice juicy small white country full of non-muslims ripe for the brownifying and de-baconing . 
  umm , not wanting to start an argument here , but the perception in the uk is that the french authorities do n't really give a shit , and that efforts by the police to prevent the migrants doing what they want have been somewhat lacklustre as a result of this not caring much ( at best ) . 
  the thinking going that that france does n't care if immigrants make it to the uk because then they stop being france 's problem . 
  the idea suggested being that a few battalions of british soldiers would act as effective crowd control where the french police have so far , in the eyes of the british public at least , failed . 
  clearly both nations have the capability to control a few hundred or low thousands of people and to prevent them from interfering with trucks or trains , so i guess the feeling that since both nations have this ability , if it 's not being exercised right now that suggests a lack of interest in doing so , and since britain would have an interest in doing so , the end result is : deploy british army . 
  obviously it 'll never happen though , it would cause a shit storm of monumental proportions . 
  always happy to help out new new britain !, 
  you can change your flair now . 
  actually there was a tory mp from the south east of england saying it on aunty beeb this morning . 
  i know it will never happen though , that 's not the point . 
  i think we have a few thousand over there . 
  something about scaring the russians or something . 
  not sexy , but hey ho , gives the boys something to do now that afghan is finished . 
  we could just give up on the chunnel , side track it all the way to belgium ... i suppose . 
  the immigrants would never try moving to belgium ... 
  did n't we already deploy troops to your country ? 
  who said anything about it not being ` russian ' ? 
  it can be part of russia but still under occupation , or the people could be `` russian '' ( ethnically ) and it still not be a part of the rufed . 
  the fact that the rufed has conquered and imposed its will on chechnya by carpet bombing it and then installing and supporting a brutal warlord does n't mean that it 's not occupied , nor does it mean that it 's not a rightful part of russia any more than moscow is . 
  your understanding of what happens the world is about as nuanced as i expected . 
  you do n't know much about chechnya and the conflicts there do you ? 
  now now , we do make some very nice vinegars in the uk . 
  we 'll be having a referendum on the eu before 2020 and we 'll be staying in the eu so i 'm not really sure what you 're complaining about . 
  oh come on , we have to make fun of ourselves , if we do n't , the french might !, 
  controversial comments , because the attacks are being carried about by immigrant gangs . 
  unfortunately those are n't refugees , they 're immigrants we 've let in over the last 50 years from pakistan and bangladesh , some of whom who 've even been born here , but are part of groups in the uk which have failed to integrate and adopt our culture .
