  `` whenever you interview fat people , you feel bad because you know you 're not going to hire them '' - james watson ( one of the dudes who discovered dna ) . 
  do we * really * have to have eight articles on the first page of / r/europe about catalonian independence ? 
  i get that it 's obviously your thing , but this is just spammy . 
  i noticed this , had to do a double take on mitsos post . 
  no-one does . 
  we 're the richest economic bloc in the world , but the greeks are in a very , very , very deep hole . 
  amazing to believe that 10 million people can create such a problem for half a billion of us . 
  while i do understand their anger , and agree it 's completely unacceptable not to get paid for 6 months , you 'd think that given the state of greece 's economy and the resources the government have available to them , it might be more productive and sensible to spend the afternoon in a garden planting potatoes and olives . 
  the game is called life . 
  you drink . 
  that 's it . 
  seems fair . 
  if we expect people to turn to their families then the poor are screwed . 
  ca n't tell if serious or not . 
  well both are obviously wrong . 
  the uk engages quite fervently in the eu * in the matters it wants to * . 
  people believe this crap about us never taking part , when in actuality we * are * taking part , we 're just saying that we do n't want to take any * greater * part in the future . 
  ( speaking for my govt . 
  's actions there , not public opinion ) . 
  yes , but they 're not paying for bailouts and they 're not being pushed toward federalism . 
  i 'm pro-eu but we have to be realistic about the differences . 
  being outside the eu and in the common market is not the same thing as being in the eu without voting rights . 
  143 million per country . 
  compenated for , sure , but easily ? 
  i 'm sure quite a few countries would n't be too happy . 
  lol ? 
  well * we * only talked about not giving them aid ourselves last year , and that 's a tough issue even though india is massively corrupt . 
  any country with 1/6 of the worlds population is going to need a military , at the same time india contains more impoverished people than any other country on the planet ( number vary , could be up to 900 million people ) . 
  wat do ? 
   # 800,000 out of the eu aid budget is being spent on a water park being built in morocco by the french owners of center parcs  that does sound like squandering to me . 
  i wish swedish journalists would look into this as well . 
  does n't sound like squandering to me , that sounds like downright corruption . 
  someone has a mate who got them a nice deal to knock off building costs on their new water park . 
   i live in the uk now and it 's unheard of . 
  what rock do you live under ? 
  we have corruption in the uk , of course we do , and we have plenty of organised crime too . 
  ah , you 're talking about the 2010 elections , i 'm referring to the 2012 ones where they got 10.1 % . 
  what ? 
  that there are people who do n't like people of other colours of religion . 
  so what ? 
  10 % of the people in nl voted for an anti-immigration party , that is not quite the same as 70 % of a country thinking that insulting a fictional character should result in jail time . 
  regardless though , i can dislike and disagree with more than one group at a time , 
  ireland 's probably the best , low overal rates of debt , managable deficit , and some growth . 
  is it even worth asking which is the worst ? 
  we all know the feta 's gone mouldy . 
  i love how common good curry is in london , i 'm in aberdeen these days and the only good curry place we had closed down , now it 's all spiceless shit . 
  the numbers are what they are , i 'm just pointing out that it 's not like this is 1 in a million or even 1 in a thousand , when you talk about europeans with extreme views you 're talking about one in three or one in two a lot of the time . 
   if you can find me similar support for radical ideas among french or german muslims , then we can have a conversation . 
  20 % of british muslims sympathise with the 7/7 london bombers , 1/4 say the bombings were justifiable . 
  1/4 support suicide bombing attacks against british troops , and fully 25 % do n't feel they would be obligated to report a terrorist attack if they knew a person planning one . 
  oh and one third think anyone leaving the faith should be killed , with almost 70 % thinking that insulting islam should be an arrestable offence . 
  this `` most european muslims are really '' moderate is horseshit , there are huge minorities of european muslims who have really fucking extreme views . 
  edit : sources , i 'm not listing them all just giving a couple to show validity of numbers , but ask if you want any specific ones : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/08/14/opinion/main1893879.shtml&amp;date=2011-04-06 http://www.webcitation.org/5xkmgaevy http://www.icmresearch.co.uk/reviews/2004/guardian%20muslims%20poll%20nov%2004/guardian%20muslims%20nov04.asp, 
   my family and i have not stopped eating curry come to britain , we 'll get you back on it . 
  different groups who do different things , that 's all . 
  neither is viewed well . 
  individual freedom is the right to do what you please so long as it does n't impinge upon another 's right to do the same . 
  when the invisible sky man comes down to punish us all for doing exactly what he made us do ? 
  yeah ... i suspect uat2d is old enough not to worry about those stories anymore ... 
  not that i 'm big on pharmaceutical advertising ( we do n't really have that , as you know ) , but the companies do have to * sell * the drugs they make to get money . 
  finland is n't * that * much worse than the uk , i mean it 's more expensive sure , but you can get by on the sort of money you would in the uk , especially with part time work paying so well . 
  that 's a fantastic tool . 
  thank you . 
  i thought you just had to randomly poke around countries various university websites to find this sort of info . 
  dictatorships need guns more than butter , i guess . 
  post soviet russia can keep ol' lukacunto in power until he 's poisoned by natural causes and then take over in the name of stabilisation and other adjectives . 
  with russian gas seeming to last until approximately 2032 , we 're going to have to keep on dealing with them and containing any negative ambitions for a fair old while yet . 
  it 's `` espresso '' . 
  if you want to a coffee snob , you 'll need to learn how to spell your drink , 
   of course the sum paid has nothing to do with their costs , which are ( excluding research ) probably less than 100 euro , but with the maximum amount that western european governments and american insurance companies are willing to pay to save one life . 
  talking about the cost of drugs but excluding research costs is like talking about the cost of coal but excluding the costs of mining and transport . 
  research is very , very expensive . 
  for example , a new anti-biotic costs on average between 500,000,000 and a billion usd to develop . 
  development times are long , so between 8 and 12 years for antibiotics . 
  that gives a company 8 to 12 years to recoup their research and costs of up to a billion dollars and then try to make a profit before the patent runs out . 
  so , sorry , but this really is nonsense . 
  and how many ambassadors were killed in these protests ? 
  [ umm ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_of_st._george,_istanbul ), 
  essentially ? 
  some religious people are bloody killjoys , so they are . 
  it 's a real shame that european muslims do n't appear to be chucking away their religion as fast as most other europeans are , because it 's going to increasingly create tension . 
   some people need a reality check . 
  dude , they believe in an invisible man in the sky who likes to fuck around with humanity and is everywhere and everything at once . 
  if they can swallow that shit , then a crappy movie made by some egyptian making fun of their paedophilic version of moses is going to irk them a little . 
   organizations ca n't discriminate . 
  yes they can . 
  they do it all the time , and in some cases they discriminate in ways which are illegal , which they can also do , albeit not legally . 
  in this case whether legal or otherwise i would strongly argue they have the right to decide who to give it to whether that is legal or otherwise . 
  then the laws are wrong . 
  so , jokes do n't exist in romania ? 
  and say thankyou too , although it seems the rest of the world thinks we 're fucking weirdo 's for bothering to thank our mass transit operators . 
  what the fuck ? 
  why would n't it be ok to ask a driver where they stop ? 
  ca n't say i blame them . 
  italy ca n't be expected to take an endless number of refugees and immigrants from africa . 
  basically , a handful of english cities and berlin are the contenders . 
  i do n't agree with their politics , but if they 're buying the food , it seems like it 's their right to decide who they give it to . 
  i truly hope it is too , otherwise , my god , what little hope we have here in the uk . 
  your average answers would have been some tired piece of nationalist rubbish spouted by a barely literate idiot here . 
  oh do n't worry about subotan , just tag as `` idiot '' and move on .
