  you know why ? 
  because i 'll still be making shitloads of money . 
  sure , you will , but then someone will be taking away 3/4 of it . 
  that 's a lot of money to have taken away from you . 
  do n't get me wrong , tax is good , paying tax is good , and avoiding paying a fair share ( or even a generous share ) when wealthy is scummy . 
  but having to pay 3/4 of what you earn when you 're already paying hundreds of thousands or even millions a year is totally unreasonable , and i think it 's perfectly reasonable of anyone subjected to that to avoid it by leaving the country . 
  not at all mate . 
  you 'll not get mayo in any chippie i 've ever set foot in . 
  we do salt and vinegar here , or curry sauce , or chippy sauce in edinburgh ( which is just hp diluted with vinegar/water ) . 
  i assume random parts of england have their own special traditions too , although i do n't know them . 
  nationwide the standard is salt and vinegar though . 
  which is fine , really , it is . 
  i just wish you bloody * asked * if we 'd like mayo on our chips before drowning them in it . 
  i 'm short and not blonde and do n't speak dutch , surely it should be obvious that i 'm not going to be an adherent to mayonification of every food . 
  we eat with bread sometimes , just mostly we do n't any more . 
  when i was growing up it was n't abnormal to get a couple of slices of buttered bread with lunch . 
  the image does n't show but that coffee also has to taste bloody horrible . 
  met by 4 of the eu 27 currently . 
  i know we supposedly have one or two neutrals ( although i think ireland calling themselves neutral but being in the eu is a bit of a cop-out ) , but still , the eu has lots of shit militaries because the eu spends very little on its militaries . 
  a combination of eu wide 2 % gdp along with developed toward a unified military would increase effectiveness to an absurd degree . 
  obviously there 's no way you 're going to get a unified military just yet , but in terms of tech it seems that convergence would work . 
  currently we 're all using different technology , if we all used one or two bits of kit for each role instead of 15-25 different bits , costs would be hugely lower , logistics would be improved , and where necessary eu militaries could exchange and swap stuff . 
  right , sure , the world is totally safe and there 's no need for a military anymore . 
  go play with flowers or something , yeah ? 
   he 's a product of the french system and therefore should pay back into it . 
  he does , he has !, 
  there are limits though , you would really ask a man to work 3 hours for free in order to be able to work 1 hour for pay ? 
  this is too much !, 
  taking half of what everyone earns is high , but to take 3/4 of everything ? 
  this is nuts , who could ever expect a person to consent to this if they have a single other option ? 
  edit : i do like what jkr has to say btw , and agree with her , but in the uk the top tax rate is 50 % , going down shortly to 45 % over # 150,000 . 
  this can be swallowed . 
  a lot of very wealthy people would be leaving the uk if we ever did something as silly as to return to a 75 % tax rate . 
  `` people wo n't leave if we raise taxes , there are so many reasons to stay put , no-one really leaves when taxes are raised a bit ! '', 
  same bullshit every time politicians want to raise taxes to a silly extent against some group . 
  the politicians and lots of people claim that no-one will really leave , and then people do , and then the taxes go down again quietly a while later . 
  who gives a fuck dude ? 
  srs is filled with whiny cunts - it 's almost a seal of approval if they do n't like what you say . 
  there is no real advantage to having the parliament in strasbourg though . 
  the french get their ego stroked , and an inconsequential sum of money is made by people living in strasbourg . 
  that 's it . 
  it 's purely an ego thing , so we 're paying $ 120,000,000 for the french ego ( political , social , whatever ) to be maintained , and that is n't acceptable . 
  the fact that the french themselves have n't said `` lets get rid of this whole silly charade '' reflects * very * poorly upon them . 
  yeah , i swear a lot . 
  you 're right , but i 'm not too concerned . 
  i read downvoted posts because i understand that the majority of redditors are not interesting , enlightened , or intelligent . 
  one adapts to the voting practises of what has become a relatively average ( if young ) collection of human beings . 
  overall i do n't much care , i use reddit because i 'm yet to find anything better , but i really do n't like this place , and even the good subs like / r/europe and / r/unitedkingdom are steadily going downhill as they get bigger and gather more crosslinks to the outer redditsphere . 
  absolutely not , i prefer brussels , the place where the parliament should fucking stay the entire year round instead of all of us spending $ 120 million to wank off the massive french collective ego . 
  ah thanks , but it does n't matter , karma is irrelevant . 
  i do n't care about the score , i just care about the exchange of ideas . 
  most people who vote do n't get involved , so why care what they think ? 
  i know , and just like with japan , much of the western world would quite like to see you change your constitution to allow for a real military . 
   well besides that regularly german troops do work hand in hand with nato troops awacs , logistics , medics and coordination ( potsdam and cologne hq ) as well as money , germany is involved with troop contigents in several crisis regions including afghanistan . 
  as i said in my other post , i know . 
  i also addressed the point that german troops , just like those from many other nations , were sent to afghan on the basis that they essentially get to stick to the safe parts where little happens . 
  that may be for the best , given the bundeswehr 's chronic underfunding , one doubts whether a force of its size can actually be capable of fighting to the standard expected of western forces . 
   that the uk wanted to be involved in the iraq war was their own fault . 
  actually most brits did n't , but that 's not the issue here . 
   i do n't see a crisis region in which germany does not step up to the position it should step up to or it population and parliament wants it . 
  i 'm not saying germans want it , i know germans are perpetually scared of their own national power , i 'm saying that other europeans want it . 
  germany really should have an independent expeditionary force , and honestly i wish the german people would come to terms with the idea of military intervention . 
  as it is germany just sits on the sidelines , seemingly knowing that something has to be done at times ( i.e. 
  libya ) but not actually being capable of doing much . 
  and do n't tell me that a few hundred squaddies being deployed to the turkish-syrian border without nbc capability counts , because it does n't , if anything it highlights the absolute lack of preparedness of the german defence forces . 
   germany has already abolished conscription . 
  my bad , that i did not know . 
   there are several thousand german soldiers in afghanistan . 
  yes , not that german troops have really had to do much fighting , that 's a political issue but an important one . 
   what you are wishing for is already happening . 
  no , because for starters , the troops wo n't be allowed to actually do anything dangerous in any of those places ( just as they were n't in afghan ) and secondly , what i was wishing for was not deployments of men with rifles , it 's that germany would have a strong capable military fighting force which , when deployed , is as ready to fight and win as the americans or british are . 
  lets face it , germany is n't there right now . 
  personally i would much prefer germany to up its military expenditure to 2.5 % , abolish conscription and move to a professional army , and start to be willing to take a role in the eu 's hard power . 
  it 's unfair that france and britain have to do all the lifting , and germany has to face up to the fact that it 's important , and we need it to be strong in all the ways it can be . 
  this self imposed pacifism and avoidance of aspects of the world must end . 
  germany today is not the germany of the 1930 's . 
  i never said this was all muslims ( quite obviously it 's not ) - nevertheless , there are clearly some , and it 's hardly a rare thing . 
  sure , be ambivalent , i do n't give a fuck whether you care or not , but you claim that i should n't be allowed to say that that `` our little patch of the world '' should be prevented from turning into a shithole ( i was actually referring to europe , and `` our '' being europeans , but nevermind ) . 
  i 'm not even sure what you 're actually objecting to here other than the mere existence of the uk . 
  oh do fuck off you tiresome shit . 
  it 's not like nigh on every other nation did n't try at some point , britain just happened to be much more successful at it than any other so far . 
  plus , i was born in the ending parts of the 20th century , i 'm not feeling guilty for an empire which begun in the 16th century . 
  probably not crazy , just childish . 
  there * might * be room for improvement . 
  he 's interesting . 
  he was obviously recruited to be a lap dog , and in many ways has fulfilled his role well . 
  however i think that he has sought to consolidate his own power base , surprisingly , centred around those who oppose putin the most ( the middle class western russians ) , and there have been times where the rhetoric spouted by the two of them has appeared to be at odds . 
  too early to tell , i suppose is my answer . 
  i do n't have any hopes that he 'll usher in a new age of democracy or anything , but he does appear to have gone from laptop to almost being a counterweight to putin , and there was speculation in the analyst circles before the last election that medvedev might even run in opposition ( albeit not taken very seriously by most , but still ! ) . 
  medvedev has surprised me and many others more than once already , so i do n't assume too much about that man 's future plans . 
   i think it 's wrong to compare putin to lukashenko , because putin is broadly a populist and lukashenko just does what he wants . 
  oh they 're definitely very different beasts , i agree . 
  putin is broadly a populist , i mean when populism fails he uses the state to achieve his aims , but he wants to achieve them by being him . 
  lukashenko is an old style dictator of a different variety . 
  they 're both dictators , if you ask me , and if putin escapes that title then it 's only by the skin of his teeth , and he 's little better , but they 're definitely very different kinds of leaders . 
  none taken , although your out of hand dismissal of my arguments comes across as lacking counter-arguments . 
  my opinion is extreme i grant you that , but extremity is not necessarily wrong . 
  if you would care to explain your disagreements we can continue , otherwise , i am afraid you will have brought the discourse to a close . 
  people are angry , what do you expect ? 
  this is our little patch of the world , and now groups of people we invited to come and live with us are behaving in ways which do n't accord with the values we seek to hold as an entity .
