  many french groups did n't seem much better . 
  it was utterly disgusting . 
  defeating anti-ballistic missile defenses , and being able to ensure that you can land 100-200 nukes if required . 
  while little understood , there was a sound type of logic used in the cold war when the us and russia were approaching 70,000 warheads between them . 
  they argue for their own death . 
  it 's been done before . 
  or italy with greece , or in afghanistan , or with albania in 1920 . 
  bandera was a nationalist who worked with anyone who would fight his corner while he thought it suited him . 
  his people committed atrocities but it 's not necessarily clear that they were his intention . 
  what.a.shame . 
  well you 're withdrawing from the conversation then . 
  good evening . 
  i asked first . 
  why not give them jsa though ? 
  we do n't need to control land to give people money . 
  how rude of you . 
  we might not have control over other countries , i 'm asking why it 's ok to spend money on people within an arbitrary line but not people outside of that arbitrary line . 
  so you 're suggesting that we should care about people who happen to arbitrarily be living within one set of lines but not anyone outside of those lines ? 
  so why only peolpe who live in britain then ... 
  no , i think they ca n't do that because they 're utterly impoverished , in * actual * poverty . 
   for a second i wondered that you were saying one kind of debt does n't count as much , glad we could sort that out . 
  count as much in what regard ? 
  if i loan you a million quid at 0.000001 % interest with no upper limit on repayment time then i 'd say that that debt `` counts '' less than a payday loan . 
   teenagers are the dependants of their parents , they do n't show up in wealth inequality stats !, 
  you need to think about the two adults that have just left university , so once again : is it true that one of them is # 30k richer than the other ? 
  and you could do with being a wee bit less condecending but let 's continue anyway . 
  i 've already said that one would be less indebted than the other ( if the one with # 30,000 has chosen to very unwisely pay for uni upfront ) . 
  so now the problem is poor nutrition and poor sleeping quarters ? 
  so now we 're back to bad parenting . 
  round and round in circles we go . 
   good , let 's call it nouvel debt if it pleases you more , it 's still debt . 
  right , sure , but so what ? 
  what 's your point there ? 
   humor me : is it true that in our case one individual will be # 30k richer , all other factors being equal ? 
  if said teenager had 30,000 to start with and another did n't , then of course the one who paid up front ( a very stupid move , but whatever ) for their education would have less debt . 
  obviously . 
   sorry , what ? 
  of course a troubled home life stops kids in africa from getting an education , millions of kids in fact . 
  it stops many from * attending * school , yet those who do still manage to enthusaistically get on with their education . 
  why is it not the case in the uk ? 
   viewing debt as debt is odd ? 
  a loan given at an ultra-low rate of interest which only needs to be repaid if an individual is succesful and even then only at a 9 % rate above a salary threshold is hardly debt in the traditional sense . 
  it 's essentially a graduate tax for most people . 
   ... equally for both guys , but one of them has # 30k to pay off , which means their wealth is not going to be equal by a significant amount , all other parameters being fixed . 
  wealth between two individuals will never be equal . 
  unless you want to eat the rich i do n't see how we 're going to change that . 
   no , read full sentences : i did , but i 'm not sure why that has an effect on mandatory education . 
  children are legally required to attend school , and so for the 7-8 hours a day they 're in school they have a chance to learn . 
  yes , some kids have a harder home life than others , but that does n't seem to stop kids in africa from getting an education . 
  there 've been what , about 25 countries which have been nominally communist and have `` attempted '' communism . 
  how many will it take before we can say `` that 's communism in action '' ? 
   hell , there 's perhaps no system that creates more immediate wealth inequality : if your family 's rich you leave university with 0 net worth or better , if it 's poor you 're # 30k in the red before you start . 
  tell me that 's not the clearest example of a system that propagates wealth inequality . 
  you have an odd way of viewing it . 
  given that a degree in many subjects increases earnings potential by many times that # 30,000 , and that that # 30,000 only gets paid back * if * a person achieves that earnings potential , it 's pretty much a guarantee that a person attending university ca n't lose . 
   even just the stability of your home environment so what , ban bad parenting ? 
   he said that we are making students pay so much more than in the past . 
  primary and secondary education is still free , tertiary education in england is free at point of access . 
  i disagree with tuition fees myself but it 's not like we 're making people save up # 27k before attending uni now , is it ? 
   i do n't think we really want to decide admission based on as fickle and uncertain metric as `` intelligence '' . 
  academic ability , perhaps , would be better , once we 've given people a fair chance of showing that they have it . 
  you mean , perhaps , by putting them through 13 years of free high quality education ? 
   i do n't have the figures at hand , this might be true . 
  i looked up a fancy chart thing . 
  we 're riding at about # 42 billion per annum on education right now . 
   but , it 's irrelevant to the fact that we 're giving young people more debt to study than ever before . 
  except , it 's the cheapest debt anyone will ever get , does n't need to be repayed until one is earning what , 25k a year , and even then only at 9 % on what 's earned above that . 
   this naturally discourages the poorer in society from studying , and reduces their employment opportunities . 
  i honestly think that 's absurd . 
  i mean , it 's an ultra-low interest long term loan which is free for anyone who does n't make it work , an effective graduate tax for anyone who does make things work , and a very low interest loan for anyone who does really well . 
   i did n't say it had been , but there is increasing privatisation , which i disagree with , because i believe that healthcare is n't something to be exploited for profit . 
  well , that 's nice , but the nhs is not privitised . 
  it 's hardly worth getting worked up about a call centre not being run by state funded employees anymore , is it ? 
   right , but are rates of home ownership naturally going to decrease over time ? 
  i hope not , but apparently we 're at a 25 year low . 
  and yet still we have 2 % higher rates of home ownership than denmark , and 3 % higher than france . 
  13 % higher than germany . 
   i just did n't want to sound like a dick and claim that my friends were obviously brilliant . 
  and whether i like it or not , we have about 50 % university attendance rates , so there are a lot of average people there . 
  the decline in percentages has to start somewhere if we want it to ( which i do ) . 
  why only brits though ? 
  everyone who can pay should , but why only for brits ? 
  if they can pay , why not for all europeans , or for other countries too ? 
  not to get involved in a yes/no scotland argument , but inequality was only really a central focus for the yes voters . 
  we 're spending more on education than we have at any point in history . 
  the nhs has not been privitised , despite the loud shouting to the contrary , and housing prices are naturally going to increase over time in pretty much any country . 
   they 're at least of average intelligence . 
  do we really want people of `` average '' intelligence going to university ? 
  no true scotsman argument if ever i saw one . 
  just for brits ? 
  wealth inequality is to blame for bad parenting ? 
  you mean so long as they pay for what you consider to be those provisions ? 
  ok , so in essence your issue here is n't really wealth inequality but a complaint against the education system ? 
  so are you saying school made it harder for your peers to get into university , rather than easier ? 
  so are you saying they 're stupider , or that they worked less hard ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out what you 're trying to say here . 
  oh come on , i went to a state school rife with drugs and people whose families were * not * doing well , and got a perfectly good education , followed by university . 
  just over 10 % of the electorate rate it as an important issue . 
  so , not a lot of attention . 
  we 're a pretty capitalist society , equality of oppertunity and all that .
