  pro-eu people act like it 's only the uk which has any , and i 'm not sure if that 's because the uk is by far the biggest nation with a sizable portion of eurosceptics or whether it 's because it 's simply convenient to have one big boogie man . 
  from what to what ? 
  wait what does russia have to do with any of this ? 
  you 're right , these volunteers who have no connection to any foreign military could n't possibly aim poorly or hit the wrong thing . 
  it 's not like we 're alone on this . 
  there are significant portions of the other northern countries who have similar beliefs to many of those in the uk . 
  despite the fact that i am a european federalist , i still think it 's important to recognise that euroskepticism is a real , valid thing , and that it 's not * just * a bunch of brits who hold these sorts of views , but rather many across northern europe . 
  as opposed to `` ukrainians are shelling themselves '' which the converse would be . 
  seems kind of pertinent to recognise that both sides are shelling civilian areas with the aim of killing the opposing armed forces . 
  yes i 'm aware that finland did n't join nato . 
  why finland was n't annexed is probably down to quite a few factors , and there were certainly some hairy moments for the finns . 
  a combination of not being very economically , culturally , or particularly geographically valuable , being a very spiky enemy with which russia had had some bad experiences previously , the risk of escalation up to and inc. . nato joining a conflict , finlandization managing to help the finns chuck enough carrots to the soviets to keep them happier , such as the treaties of 1947 and 1948 . 
  in essence , the finns gave the russians enough without invading and threatened to take quite a lot in the process of invading for fairly questionable and limited benefit , i would say . 
  it 's silly to to label it so , given that there can be no `` verifiable '' explanation for why the cold war never went hot , but that is not to say that there can be no reasonable , informed , and likely explanation for it . 
   what stopped them from annexing finland ? 
  when ? 
  except we were eye to eye with the bear and we know that it was conventionally massively superior to us for most of the cold war and also that when given the chance it annexed half of europe . 
  something kept it from annexing the other half , and it was n't our inferior conventional forces . 
  i 'm scottish too , but the nation i belong to is the uk , using region flags does n't seem logical to me . 
  ah well , nothing a good broomhandle wo n't fix . 
  it was either play dumb or just start insulting , i went with the former . 
  ah well ... 
  yeah well if you 're going to take all of the the netherlands it just seems like you 're twisting the numbers to be bigger . 
  i mean , i 'm just talking about a single netherland ( holland ) , since we 're talking about the dutch military here not the militaries of every single netherland put together . 
  pale ... stand offish ... lacking in any identifiable emotion ... 
  yup ... i may well be . 
  by all means , i 'm up here north of the wall . 
  i thought holland only had 6 million people in it ? 
  the dutch army is basically on hold so far as i can see . 
  everything either out of service or sold off . 
  least you 've got a fairly rockin ' navy for such a tiny nation . 
  companies paying bribes ... in africa ? 
  why i never !, 
  that 's because swedes do n't have any moneys left to fly their aircraft . 
  3 : spend ages fixing german tanks since they 're all borken . 
  afghanistan was economically motivated ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  kept the good half of it free for two generations ? 
  to back your claims you link to a post which has been ripped to shreds ( correctly so ) by other intelligent members of / r/europe . 
  right . 
  the entire premise here is that eu regulators signing ttip is bad because the same eu regulators put in higher standards than ttip will allow for , but somehow these same people who established the higher standards and decided that those were the minimum standards required for the eu are going to sign documents violating those standards . 
  it 's ... it 's just absurd . 
  i 'm ashamed for the people who educated you if you believe such simplistic garbage . 
  i 'm well into it . 
  free trade is one of them things which is bad for some people in the short term and good for nigh on everyone in the long term . 
  that 's absurd and ridiculous . 
  it 's 1.5 % , which given that a large proportion of the uk military budget is spent on wages and upkeep , is actually a much higher percentage of the money which would be spent on r&d and updating technology . 
  yeah , gaulists are cunts . 
  we liberate their country and what do we get out of it ? 
  oh that 's right , our entry to the eec blocked ... 
  what 's a slovenaia ? 
  nope , there is no queen of scotland ( or england ) anymore . 
  those countries , as countries proper , no longer exist , they became great britain in 1707 . 
  i suppose it does n't really matter who they pick . 
  almost none of those people would ever be visiting russia anyway , it 's just another effort for the domestic audience . 
  retaliation means they 're not accepting fault . 
  they invaded ukraine , we sanctioned them and applied travel bans . 
  if that was left as such then they would tacitly be accepting that they were in the wrong in invading ukraine , so they retaliate with meaningless travel bans of their own , which are themselves retaliation for our sanctions and travel bans against them , because * our * sanctions and travel bans have to be painted as illegitimate and unjust for domestic purposes to maintain the * `` what do you mean we invaded ukraine ? 
  we never invaded ukraine and we have every right to invade anyway and do n't talk about our soldiers who die there !, 
  nick clegg is n't even deputy pm anymore ... he 's nothing now . 
  eu is now europe . 
  norway is africa . 
  switzerland is africa too . 
  i 'd have thought you lot would have noticed , what with being their neighbours an ' all . 
   the problem is that you need both a strong economy and low income inequality to ensure long term economic growth and high living standards . 
  america would like a word ...  as for the uk , it is undeniably performing well economically as compared to most countries in europe , and this helps reduce the impact such a high level of inequity would otherwise have , but it is still a problem . 
  saying `` at least we 're doing better than portugal '' is not really a great argument for ignoring the situation . 
  i 'm not saying `` at least we 're doing better than portugal '' ( although thank fuck we are ) ... i 'm saying that if everyone 's income is increasing by 10 % that 's a good thing , even if it means an increase in inequality . 
  oh ... why did n't you just say that ? 
  tried that , they ran out of potatoes ( or something ) . 
  i forget the rest . 
  why would we ? 
  not a great example if you 're pro-default . 
  just awful !, 
  if only everyone could be poor together like in portugal . 
  the uk is a wealthy country and most people in the uk are well off . 
  what is the problem if some people are even more well off than others ? 
  you 're not having another revolution or electing another socialist are you ? 
  yeah , austrians do n't like black people much . 
  only because they actually meet their defence obligations . 
  probably right , although if it came to having to stop the russians from taking over then we should probably just invade and occupy your nation for ourselves . 
  if you want to make us pay for your defence , do n't expect great treatment if we have to . 
  so long as it 's convenient to be , they will be . 
  the second they fear for their safety because their military is a hollow shell , they 'll join every alliance which 'll take 'em . 
  sweden has a really shitty track record of being honourable when it comes to shit like this . 
  there are only two countries in nato which fully are n't in europe , although i guess you can get away with counting turkey since they 're turks an ' all . 
  canada barely spends 50 cents on its military though . 
  you guys supported the odd catholic rebellion in our land though and i swing the other way so , kind of mixed feelings on all that . 
  still , you do make nice bread and fighter jets . 
  what 's happening in septembre ? 
  well actually i 'm not english ( scottish ) but i 'm first and foremost british , and the frogs are now our allies and besties . 
  800 years of not * always * losing at war has proven they 're not completely shit like most countries are . 
  the french are n't so bad really , once you get past their manners , and the smell , and the poncy food , and the socialists , and the students , and the berets , and the overhyped wine instead of beer , and their bad cars , and their refusal to speak the lingua anglia , and their stubbornness , and their refusal to be british . 
  seriously though , best friends . 
  u wot ? 
  that 's what best friends are for !, 
  scotland is actually at 12.2 ( http://www.ias.org.uk/what-we-do/publication-archive/alcohol-alert/issue-3-2009/scotland-tops-uk-alchol-league.aspx ) - but england drags us down . 
  ( suck it slovenia ! ), 
  shut up austria-hungary ... 
  kudos to france , plugging away in mali , kicking ass and killing bad guys , quietly and without complaint .
