  have the conversation you 're having , regardless of who it 's with . 
  that 's fair enough that you pick your battles though . 
  no problem , also , how does it answer my question ? 
  perhaps . 
  it is definitely an aspect of my reading that i tend to only notice names when they 're involved in more adversarial discussions . 
  while i appreciate the comment about my appearing reasonable , you do appear to pull stunts like saying `` so and so posts in / r/whiterights '' as a response , and while i do think racism is necessarily one of the stupidist prejudices to hold , i dislike ad hominom attacks like that and so would notice them above many other posts made . 
  you seem to hang around / r/europe , despite the flair , pretty much to chase after anyone who you perceive as being right wing enough to bark at them . 
  you do n't seem to post for any other reason ... it 's a bit ... well , weird . 
  i 'm not being defensive in the slightest , i just think that the use of such a bot as a form of argument within discussion is pretty stupid . 
  you using the term `` normal person '' makes my irony meter go off a bit . 
  so essentially people are using that to see if i post in / r/nazism and / r/murderers ? 
  it seems the very definition of an indirect ad hominom attack if ever i could think of one . 
  could you explain to me why you wanted to see that please ? 
   svoboda are literally killing people , and beating many many more . 
  lots of people are beating people , although i 'm curious to hear about the murder . 
   they murder people who do n't support them , especially those who speak out against them , act against them . 
  right . 
  ukip are literally going around murdering people . 
   stop playing the victim for no reason . 
  i 'm not , it 's just `` your kind '' is often used in that regard by some people . 
  you said it without actually saying what `` kind '' your were meaning . 
   every fascist , every single one of them , is a direct threat to the lives of every single human being on the planet . 
  every jew , every single one of them , is a direct threat to the lives of every single human on the planet . 
  pretty sure that 's been said before . 
  see how it seems so silly to generalise when i replace fascist with something else ? 
  is fascist ideology pretty nasty ? 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's lead to some very bad things . 
  does that mean that every single fascist should be exterminated in some sort of holocaust ? 
  no , of course not , and to suggest so is ridiculously ironic . 
  sometimes you have to tolerate people with demonstrably poor world views . 
  if they try to do something immoral then you must stop them , but you do not exterminate an entire group of people simply because you do n't like their worldview . 
   the whole `` traffic light '' system is a mostly useless gimmick and it should be clear , at least from my last answer to u/akasa , that in that case , the italian minister has perhaps a point and the whole `` traffic light '' system is a mostly useless gimmick and more should instead be done to emulate that fabled southern culinary culture unless you want to force people to eat in a specific way , then at least for the time being telling people that what they 're about to eat is really unhealthy if you 're going to eat 500g of it per day is a good idea . 
  the traffic light system does no harm , but can help * prevent * harm . 
   how the fuck did you come up with `` jews '' ? 
   your kind ...  liberals . 
  especially pacifist liberals , but all liberals really . 
  kill the fascists , because we 've seen what happens when you do n't . 
  oh , i 'm not a liberal in the modern sense , i just think saying `` kill all fascists '' is an absurd statement . 
  you 're suggesting we kill an entire group of people pre-emptively to stop them killing others . 
  you might as well say `` kill all germans , because we 've seen what happens when you do n't '' . 
  well , you 're being ridiculous . 
  it 's clear that the point akasa was making was that while high fat dishes might be just fine for the health of the average italian since they eat smaller portions and mix their food groups properly , that high fat foods incorporated into britain are a more dangerous thing because we * do n't * eat small portions of anything and we mostly eat carbs and protein . 
  it was evident from his first post that he was referring to the danger in taking one thing which is safe in one land and transplanting it to another does n't mean it 's safe there . 
  why you chose to have a go at him when this point was so obvious i truly can not understand . 
  you 're right , we should have done far more . 
  boots on the ground , forcibly disarm everyone and hand it over to un peacekeepers . 
  unfortunately the `` oh no war is bad '' people were so intent on just letting genocide keep happening that an air campaign was the best we could do . 
  it was still preferable to doing nothing . 
   what , cos only fascists kill ? 
  no , because it 's the sort of extreme statement a fascist would make . 
   your kind were around in 1930 's germany , spain and italy . 
  good job you did . 
  what , jews ? 
  i just do n't think we should let countries decend into factions which all want to ethnically cleanse each other . 
  call that crazy if you want ... 
  actually a lot of serbian civilians * were * respponsible for their * own * actions in what happened in that conflict . 
  what do you want mentioned ? 
  serbia took over the armed forces of ex-yugo and then used that capability to carry out genocide and attack and bully it 's neighbours , who responded ( wrongly ) in kind . 
  the entirity of ex-yugo should have been forcibly pacified years before it was . 
  indeed , serbs being bussed from place to place . 
  crazy shit . 
  indeed so . 
  i 'm starting to think that much of / r/europe does n't know their history very well . 
  i 'm struggling to see what the big deal is here . 
  he runs on an anti-immimgration platform , he asked people if they wanted fewer immigrants . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  i honestly could n't care less . 
   why ? 
  perhaps something to do with the genocide they 'll no doubt completely fail to mention . 
  what a piece of shit `` news '' channel . 
  it 's quite clear that rc72 is being an egit mate , but well done for bothering . 
  well , it does ... 
  ach , every news agency these days is describing any anti-immigration party as far-right , i do n't even bat an eyelid when i see the term anymore . 
  if you 're right wing of whichever version of the christian-democrats your country has then you 're automatically a fascist nazi in the media these days , even if all you 're suggesting are some tax cuts and an australian style immigration system . 
  lol , irony . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  further to that though , because we do need gas for * some * things ( and do n't get me wrong , primary sources being nuclear = good ) but let 's start funding lng plants in the middle east . 
  the uk is pretty much partnered up with qatar , and what we need on top of our own domestic gas supplies ( which is a lot ) we get from norway and qatar . 
  the main issue with lng is that there are hardly any lng plants in the world , they take a lot of expenditure to build and need a decent commitment that they will be used , however if eu countries were to band together to actually build a bunch of these in the middle east at least mainland europe could stop being reliant on russian gas . 
  they get stuck in jail , just like in any other country . 
  i ca n't believe anyone cares enough about that sort of thing in the uk to actually not take an oath . 
   they 're a joke but they are definitely powerful . 
  they have a relatively powerful military , an economy which is as fragile as it is powerful , and that 's about it . 
   then come a mix of nations in china , russia , the uk , france and germany . 
  right , these are great powers . 
  russia still qualifies as one by virtue of nukes and being a p5 nation , but really , that 's about it for now . 
  the only thing that 's prevented them from being an entirely failed state is that they 're pumping gas out of their country at an absurd rate . 
  it 's cute how deluded russians are . 
  they actually seem to think they 're in some humongous powerful nation which everyone else cares deeply about . 
  their media clearly shields them from the fact that they 're widely viewed as a joke of a nation . 
  might have been something to do with yugo being run at the time by a genocidal madman justifying it , 
  so ... you 're american . 
  got-it . 
  nope , russia was the successor state to the ussr , and after the break-up had a very large economy . 
  not you individually , americans in general . 
  i 've never met an american who claimed to be `` english '' , and i 've met few who do n't claim to be irish , but statistically speaking , most white americans come from english and german immigrants . 
  canada is real doofus . 
  it 's where all us scots went when the english went to america . 
  we might share a language but we do n't want to live with you :p,
