  careful now , i appear to know slightly more than you at this stage . 
  screw that , you guys are perfectly good at being obese without our help , we 're just better at it . 
  they do !, 
  or rather , they contribute to it . 
  absolutely they do . 
  just because sugar is a big problem does n't mean saturated fat stops being , it 's still one of the largest contributors to heart disease ( assassin no . 
  1 in the western world ) . 
  do n't think that missing out on sugar but eating loads of red meat and saturated fat is the key to a long life , because we already know that 's the key to a short one . 
  also , do it anyway because fuck me , cheese and steak and tasty !, 
  sorry , but ketosis does n't kick in for a good 40-50 hours after cessation of simple carbohydrate intake . 
  and ketosis does n't really melt fat so much as trigger the process for the body to start burning it ( as opposed to other , easier fuels ) . 
  i also have doubts about your claim that fats trigger satiety , relative to other foods at least . 
  edit : got curious , looked up the fat satiety claim . 
  here 's what i found :  however , when given in equal volumes , ** carbohydrate ( sugar ) and fat have similar effects on hunger , satiety ** , and subsequent food intake when infused intragastrically or ingested in foods by normal-weight , unrestrained young men . 
  ** in obese and restrained subjects , preloads of high-carbohydrate yogurts suppress subsequent food intake more than do high-fat yogurts , indicating a relative insensitivity to the satiety value of fat . 
  ** my bolds . 
  that 's : rolls , b.j. 
  carbohydrates , fats , and satiety . 
  * american journal of clinical nutrition * . 
  9605 - 9675 in case anyone wants to read it . 
  i kinda disagree actually , although i know it 's a minority and controversial viewpoint to take . 
  the idea that anarchism and socialism are n't diametrically opposite to me is utterly ridiculous . 
  i suspect our politics are relatively similar , different in big ways sometimes , but not unrecognisably different . 
   patchy at present , allegedly because they 're upgrading the networks to 4g . 
  take it there 's no such thing as landlines then ? 
  i have this mental image of some faceless british dude sitting in a bamboo hut next to some paddy fields on reddit drinking a cup of builders tea . 
  very incongruous . 
  damn dude , i always liked you , but as someone who could only ever identify as an anarchist if it was contracted to anarcho and had the word `` capitalist '' hyphenated to it , i r shocked etc. 
  ah well . 
  how 's the internet out in vietnam ? 
  with plenty of tasty lovely methanol in it . 
  why 'd your flag go black dog ? 
  since when was you on of them proudhon types ? 
  wine every night vs. guinness twice a week . 
  1/4 now obese , pretty fucking horrific . 
  no wonder people in this country are so fucking unattractive, 
  perhaps absolutists ? 
  me too , although i 'm blaming the rest of the uk . 
  scotland 's almost at 12 litres per capita , the english just ca n't seem to keep up . 
  the south east , edinburgh , and aberdeen . 
  the three wealthiest regions of the uk . 
   in fact , many are so well integrated that it 's hard to tell if they 're roma . 
  right , because they left their culture behind . 
  it 's hard to tell if they 're roma or not because , aside from some dna commonality , they are n't anymore . 
  ah , so anecdote over research . 
  right then ... i can see how you do things ... 
  not really . 
  firstly , the whole concept of race is outmoded at best , and ridiculous at worst . 
  it 's a 2nd millenia pre-scientific concept . 
  secondly , no , just using rhetoric . 
  thirdly , sure i can point to any culture and find things i disagree with , but it 's rare i point to one and find virtually no redeeming features ( the music 's cool , so that 's something ) . 
  modern roma culture * is * crap . 
  not different . 
  not choosing a different path . 
  qualitatively worse . 
   where are jews marginalized today ? 
  jews are discriminated against . 
  as are roma . 
  neither group is `` marginalised '' in any meaningful way . 
  sure , there 's jewish organised crime , just as there 's japanese organised crime as you pointed out to smoeone else . 
  we 're not talking about a few elements within an overall community here though , we 're talking about the overall community tending to increase crime rates wherever they travel to - a culture of criminality . 
  that does n't exist in most other minority groups . 
   and many are . 
  there are is a complex of factors ( among others roma culture , socioeconomic factors , blatant xenofobia ) , and saying that roma culture is the problem is simplistic and equally insane and deluded . 
  except it 's not . 
  roma culture ( and traditional irish travellers culture ) are simply out of date . 
  they can no longer function productively in the modern world . 
  their cultures are the problem . 
  casual farm labour is n't a requirement of the modern world anymore , and the historic skill as craftsmen is gone . 
  there 's many a roma around the world who do n't follow the culture anymore and they tend to get on just fine , integrate well , live normal healthy functional lives . 
  the ones who have problem are the ones who stay in the `` traditional '' culture . 
  it 's perfectly rational to describe roma culture as problematic . 
  jews are n't . 
  many ethnic minorities are n't . 
  many religious minorities are n't . 
  this is not a ubiquitous problem , and to ignore the roma culture as * the * problem here is insane and deluded . 
  which came first , the chicken or the egg ? 
  who cares , if the egg is rotten ? 
  many countries in the west have been giving the roma a huge amount of leeway for the last few decades , it 's not getting us anywhere because fundamentally the roma society can not function healthily within our own ones ( nor in isolation ) . 
  travelling roma are going to have to change , their culture is outdated , and can not continue . 
  except it 's not bullshit . 
  it 's the only widescale quantative analysis one can do of work , since there 's no simple way of quantifying how * hard * one works and so any study on such an issue would be hugely complicated and necessarily small scale . 
  it 's not a bullshit statistic at all , in other words , it 's just not quite as informative as you seem to wish it would be . 
  greece actually is one of the countries which does the most hours per year , yes . 
  so what of it ? 
  except spaniards work hard ( look at number of hours worked per year ) . 
  now if you 'd said corrupt you 'd have had a point . 
  roma are more likely to be criminal than most non-roma groups . 
  cultural critique seems applicable here . 
  grown ups . 
  sierra nevada is the classic `` americans hype it - it 's ok '' pale ale . 
  i know it 's not exactly ale , but blue moon is bang on the same . 
  i try american ales every time they 're on at my local ( which has a permanent rotation of 8 guest ales per week ) - and honestly they tend to be very full on , but nothing special in terms of actual enjoyment or impressiveness . 
  i 'm not saying all american beer is piss , and i 'm happy enough with a sierra or a sam adams boston ale in my hand , but they 're nothing special . 
  as i said i do try us microbrews that get put on , although i could n't name stuff ( because frankly , who remember middling beers they see for one week ? ) . 
  there 's a * lot * of good ale microbreweries out there right now , across the world . 
  screw hellfire , brimbstone all the way . 
  for blowing up people we want to blow up , obviously . 
  what a stupid fucking question . 
  feeling safe does n't make you safe , feeling unsafe does n't mean you 're in danger .
