   and what evidence is there that it 's efficient and can function seamlessly ? 
  westminster is a good example that government does not need to be these things   all i see is evidence that it takes forever to make a quick decision like bailing out ireland . 
  lack of a strong executive right now hampers it , but an executive needs power to be functional and so far the eu is far more capable as a legislative and investigative body in the politcal sense because countries are far more willing to cede the more `` boring '' responsibilities to the eu , while maintaining individual control over things like financial policy , foreign policy , defence , etc. 
  perfectly understandable , but you ca n't tie a mans hands behind his back and then complain when he takes longer to run a race . 
   by all means we should seek to invest to minimise the pain of what we 're donig but the leftist fantasy of spending our way out of every problem is well and truly over . 
  except it 's not . 
  as i pointed out , it 's worked extremely well for the us . 
  they were at the epicentre of the entire crisis , and they 're essentially recovered already , with steady growth and a much improved job market . 
  meanwhile we 're stuck standing still . 
   japan has major debt issues and has spent nearly 2 decades stagnating . 
  so what , we do what they do , spend 20 years focussing on reducing debt with an economy which in net terms is going nowhere ? 
  we need to do * something * more adventurous than that . 
  this country is facing a very real danger of undergoing net zero growth for a significant period of time , and that 's something which must be avoided . 
   wtf ?!, 
  are you 12 ? 
  inflation at 2.7 % is low by any standard . 
  interest rates are also quite low . 
  sorry i should n't have said inflation per se , devaluation perhaps would have been a more appropriate term . 
  we 've had rpi 's of over 5.5 % since the start of the great recession . 
  look at the 10 year graphs : now check out [ comparative currencies ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=linear&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1359128976632&amp;chddm=2281885&amp;cmpto=currency:gbpusd;currency:gbpjpy;currency:gbpchf;currency:gbpaud;currency:gbpcad&amp;cmptdms=0;0;0;0;0&amp;q=currency:gbpeur&amp;ntsp=0&amp;ei=dkkcudcmayqmwao5tq ) - the pound has lost * so much * value internationally in the last few years . 
  no-one gets pay rises . 
  bills increase . 
  food costs more . 
  anything imported costs even * more * . 
  taxes are higher . 
  i 'm not pretending people are starving like a lot of lefties do , almost no-one is and if they are there 's normally stuff they can do about that , but things are n't great , and we ca n't afford to stand still . 
  edit : removed bad link . 
   if scotland get independence from the uk while the uk is still in the eu , no one will ever vote in favour of it 's acceptance . 
  you are insane buddy , there 's no way in hell scotland is going to be rejected from the eu . 
  the only people who might consider objecting are the spanish , but politically speaking they 're in no position to start unilaterally objecting to an accession which will be recognised as a mere formality . 
   \u0ca0_\u0ca0 it 's true , like it or not . 
   edit : and you need to be approved unanimously to be allowed to join by the way . 
  i know , as i said , there 's a serious question as to whether we 'd even need to apply . 
  i 'm already an eu citizen afterall , as are all scots . 
  scotland already * is * a part of the eu . 
  the repeal of the act of union 1707 will not necessarily change this . 
  there 's a very good chance that wo n't matter anyway , nothing is set in concrete with regards to the idea of whether scotland would have to reapply or would automatically be a member - there are no precedents on that front . 
  people say the spaniards would block scottish accession if there was that requirement , but i really do n't think they could get away with that in political terms . 
  it 'd make them a pariah in the entire eu , and they 're already not so popular due to being a broke southern country . 
  personally yes , although i think opinion on it is an irrelevance . 
  in a very similar way to the development of federal power in the us , the eu will gradually consolidate more and more , with the eu executive eventually dealing with the day to day running of eu wide issues . 
  i fully expect states to run domestic issues for the foreseeable future , as with say devolution in scotland . 
  the question is , should we be so concerned about hitting 100 % ? 
  [ this graph ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/uk_gdp.png ) shows quite clearly that debt as a percentage of gdp has been over 100 % for about half of our entire history as the uk . 
  the question is , if we could get growth rates to 3-4 % , is it not worth a serious stimulus program ? 
  the us cut deeply , but spent freely at the same time . 
  they 've massively increased their national debt , ** doubling ** it since 2000 to pretty much 100 % of their gdp , but us gdp growth is running at a respectable 2.6 % , unemployment is dropping , jobs are coming back to the us from china , fresh industries are taking off . 
  look at us though ? 
  doing everything half heartedly as usual , with an economy which is flatlining in an era of high inflation . 
   the world 's changed . 
  supranational institutions are done . 
  people will see that in time . 
  you 're spot on mate , but the eu is a supranational institution only in passing . 
  it 's very much a country in the making . 
  dunno about the welsh , but aye , us lot do . 
  the only real chance of us going independent is if cameron properly fucks up with the eu , but if he does , there is good possibility that having to choose between either the uk or the eu , a plurality would choose the eu . 
  i know i would . 
  it 's 2 degrees right now , what 're you complaining about ? 
  coldest i 've ever seen it get here was -16 , and even that was alright . 
  just had to wear a scarf . 
  being in the alps when it 's below -20 with snow blowing in your face , now that feels pretty damn nippy . 
  warmer ? 
  are you insane ? 
  the uk is brilliant , but too hot in summer . 
  i mean it 's too fucking rainy i agree , but we should move * north * to escape all the fucking rain and have nicer temps !, 
  argentina used to be a fairly important wealthy country . 
  back in ww2 they had a huge military , and a very large , if somewhat agrarian , economy . 
  galtieri did a number on that country , but what should have then turned into rapid growth and a revival of the economy just kept on being utter shit because the kirchners got their claws into the country and now they 're riding it face first through the gravel . 
  is n't madeira poor as shit though ? 
  i think it 's quite clear that even the tories do n't * want * to leave , they just have some vaguely stated changes they want to implement to change stuff . 
  1/4 of brits speak french to a basic level . 
  1/3 of french speak english to a basic level . 
  so it 's nothing like denmark/sweden . 
  that said , as obviously detectives tend to be educated people , the chances of them realistically speaking the other would rise to a high degree . 
  why are we doing this ? 
  they 're never as good as the original one , the bridge was a massive hit in the uk and no-one minded the language . 
  why do we have to do the old american thing of taking something , ruining it by translating it to fit all of our little cultural quirks , and then spitting out some monstrosity . 
  the killing us version is awful , yet the original is great . 
  bron/broen was fantastic , and i ca n't wait for the second series , it 's clever enough though that anyone not willing to watch subtitles probably is n't going to enjoy an english language version of it unless they ruin it anyway . 
  are we all now ignoring the fact that the uk just polled record high levels of support for the eu ? 
  for the first time in history the number of people who want to stay in is higher than those who want out , or do not know , what fantastic news for those on all sides who are pro-eu , and yet still many on the continent still push us away . 
  i think the people who want out of the eu in the uk are nuts , but those who seek to push the uk away on the continent are n't much better . 
  there 's a real bitterness in some eu countries directed at the uk , as if we can make any choice we want but we 're cunts if we even discuss the possibility that we may not want to be members . 
  it 's unacceptable . 
  as i said , i think anti-eu folks are silly blighters , but this attitude which gets levelled at the uk of `` well they can stay if they want but fuck those cunts i hope they all die if they choose to leave '' should leave a few french ( especially ) and a few others utterly ashamed of themselves . 
  what a bunch of fannies . 
  may they experience nothing but showers of huge breasted whores and wonderful vodka for the rest of their lives . 
   they do n't have to be fluent , but the english should learn some gaelic no , they should n't , that 's ridiculous . 
  less than 60,000 people speak that language . 
  why should 60 million people learn a language which 0.1 % of them speak ? 
  it 's idiotic !, 
   if there is not a mutual interest and wish to go at it together then there is no reason to stay together and you might as well go your separate ways . 
  but there is , that just does n't revolve around nearly dead languages . 
  one has to be practical about these sorts of things . 
   if danes show no interest in the greenlanders then what should compel the greenlanders not to go their own ways or seek better arrangements ? 
  well , there is the fact that denmark has been subsidising their entire existence since forever . 
   it 's not going to be the chinese btw . 
  it 's probably going to be the usa . 
  the ball is in the danish court . 
  but they 're not playing .
