  the what ? 
  there should be no talk of eligability for sweden . 
  they only spend 1.24 % of their gdp on their military , we do n't need more freeloaders in nato . 
  wait , it 's * our * fault that the iraqi occupation was botched in 03 onwards ? 
  interesting ... 
  agreed . 
  lack of common will and problematic laws though innit ? 
  who said anything about fixing libya ? 
  also , your country did a shit job in iraq . 
  ca n't believe a nation as successful at colonising and ruling as us spawned you lot . 
  s'not our fault though , is it ? 
  you ca n't say that we have to take in every migrant who makes it to libya just because libya ca n't feed them . 
  if they ca n't get food there they should n't go there in the first place . 
  our job is to stop them making it to europe , and that 's what we should do . 
  ooh , we agree . 
  that said , if ireland dropped neutrality it might need to actually face up to the fact that it needs a real military , and those cost money , so ... we 'll see . 
  time to drop that neutrality then eh ? 
  in scotland there are the spc websites for each region , e.g. 
  espc for the greater edinburgh region , aspc for aberdeen , hspc for highland . 
  depending on the region , these can be the best , or just on par with rightmove . 
  right , i already said `` sausages '' , what more do you want ? 
  sausages . 
  do n't tell the british left wing , they all want to increase the deficit !, 
  not just the french . 
  airbus is european , with several countries involved . 
  east germans ? 
  you must work in a black as fuck area ... 
  this is maybe actually not a terrible idea . 
  we could probably set it up under eu adiminish ration , use oil funds to rebuild , divide the country into autonomous regions in time . 
  it has the potential to be very productive if done in the old style of colonisation and not the more recent interventionism style . 
  why not both ? 
  are the jobless being humiliated by having to turn up for meetings at the job centre ? 
  is a person being humiliated when they have to turn up for an interview to prove they can do a job ? 
  is someone who needs antibiotics for an infection being humiliated when they need to go to the doctor to prove they 're sick for a prescription ? 
  the hyperbole here is just silly !, 
  they 're not being demeaned , they 're being assessed so it can be found how much money to give them to support their needs . 
  some people will now be getting more money than they previously were , others will get less if they 're found to not need the money due to family wealth or being fit to work . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  we 're foreign in the way that americans would be if texas seceded . 
  different , but more similar than any comparable situation . 
  oh , right . 
  sorry , i guess it does n't seem weird to me since we 've got one of them kicking about . 
  ours was used to put france back in it 's box when it got rowdy last time . 
  whut ? 
  in a geographic sense , yes , but most people of that age still refer purely to western or eastern europe , and poland under that system is eastern europe , as it was behind the curtain . 
  exactly , time to start automatic deportation for anyone who fails asylum applications instead of all the fucking about . 
  not troops , just observers , 
  right , but that 's not the requirement of soldiers in a firefight , so just like an sa80a1 it 's not appropriate for them . 
  or the scar , or the 416/7 ? 
  the g-36 must be one of the few rubbish rifles hk have ever made . 
  they even made the sa-80 awesome , and it was born ugly and broken . 
  is this just so poles can get highers and advanced highers nice and easily ? 
  well , you did n't come up with the one you 're using , but , yes , i 'm sure you could manage worse and then we 'd have lots of people in / r/news saying `` oh but root cubed temperature systems are just more intuitive for every day use '' ... 
  well of course not matey , your country is only 10 minutes old . 
  still use all the worst measuring scales for some reason though, 
  what 's with the russian at the bottom ? 
  hehe , yankistanis and their silly systems of measurement . 
  scary stuff . 
  every single one you let in is staying in , since repatriation is all but impossible in the current climate . 
  what problems sweden creates for itself . 
  well , if you do n't protect their borders then what 's going to happen is soon you 're going to be flooded with immigrants too . 
  if you 're in schengen , then spain 's borders * are * your borders . 
  it 's partly about making the russian people feel powerful . 
  moldova or liberia would n't routinely say `` we 'll work * with * america on xyz '' as it implies parity between the two nations . 
  putin says it regularly to make it seem like they can and should work as equal partners , as he wants russia to be viewed as an entity with a similar importance and power to china , the usa , and slightly more so than the eu , which of course is nonsense since russia is a middling power with a middling economy and just happens to have a whole load of nukes . 
  does n't seem like a big deal . 
  it 'd be nice if the argies would accept that the falklands are sovereign territory of the uk , but it does n't * really * matter if they wo n't . 
  they 're staying british as long as the kelpers desire that . 
  this is an issue i 'm quite fine with seeing the uk stand alone on , if we must . 
  we 're in the right here , morally and legally . 
  which is pretty meaningless really given that the average person will have no idea about the economics of such a matter . 
  if you 're a lizard . 
  10 million eur ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  that would be maybe 180,000 gbp a year in interest , i think i 'd probably still work . 
  right ` cos spain never did that ... 
  well , * some * level of self-government , certainly , why not ? 
  my city in scotland spent more than twice that just building a community centre last year . 
  this is a joke . 
   oil companies are not our friend when it comes to trying to make them environmentally responsible no company is your friend , ever . 
  oil companies are companies , they focus on what makes money , and in a time when the energy industry is in crisis , oil companies are focussing on what they know and what makes money , not huge capital expenditure on things which may or ( probably ) may not make money . 
  i 'm going to say ... 6 . 
  and quite doably without . 
  i 'm starting to think the eu should maybe colonise libya and pacify it . 
  it 's creating so many problems for us right now , if we just set it up as an eu colony we could quite possibly solve a lot of these issues . 
  10 million euros ? 
  is that a joke ? 
  portugal had the idea that its colonies were not so much colonies but rather extensions of portugal itself as a unit , the term being `` pluricontinentalism '' . 
  ireland was n't part of the british empire , it was part of the uk itself . 
  this is kind of depressing , but these people are poor and they 're doing what they can , with what they have , and what they understand . 
  i had a quick look at their website and i could rent a room in the hotel year round for less than my apartment costs before bills . 
  i hope moldova can join the eu and these people can join the 21st century with the rest of us . 
  mother died today . 
  or maybe yesterday , i ca n't be sure . 
  that 's a lot of countries to invade ... 
  no no that 's fine , you disagreed with me and that 's cool , i 'm just dropping his name as a source for why i think what i think , 
  the dude at 7 minutes is so cold ... 
  they 're different and have different strengths and weaknesses . 
  it 's fair to say that the rafale is more mature at this current stage , and that the ef has the potential to probably be a superior aircraft in time . 
  both are hideously expensive .
