  if you can print that ecoli has been found on my premises i can print that ecoli have been found on yours . 
  if you print that ecoli has been found on everyone else 's premises then your word loses its value . 
  society is a powerful thing . 
  well fraud is different from libel or slander . 
  it 's complicated , i 'm not entirely sure to be honest . 
  my gut instinct is to dislike fraud libel or slander being crimes . 
  but if i have a choice between accepting libel and slander , and accepting that all media will be policed by the state for `` truth '' ( i.e. 
  you can only say what you want to say if the state agrees with your narrative ) then i ' l take the former . 
  so basically you want to outlaw lying ? 
  because when you place one person above another in deciding what is or is n't a lie you create authoritarianism . 
  i should n't be allowed to decide what you do or do not get to say without punishment . 
  i dunno , i think you can have far better ways of doing this than just making `` lying '' illegal . 
  so when it comes to `` the government have spies in foreign countries committing illegal acts '' - what happens then ? 
  was this faked ? 
  what if it was n't faked , but would be in the interests of the ruling powers to say it had been faked ? 
  this is entirely within the realm of things that occur , even within the uk . 
  what you 're asking for * is * real censorship . 
  perjury is a criminal offence , yes . 
  but this comes down to how you define what is and is n't true . 
  much as i dislike saying this as a scientist , in many matters of the world there is no objective truth . 
  in thailand they 're currently voting on a new constitution , but many people do n't really know what the constitution is about because the media are afraid to actually report anything substantial about it . 
  they 're afraid because the thai government have enacted a law making it illegal to tell untruths about the new constitution . 
  so , you 've got a media afraid that they 're going to be persecuted if they report on something , so you 've got a people who are being told to vote on something but ca n't know what it is . 
  you see my concern ? 
  so you feel the judiciary has a unique insight into what constitutes the truth that the rest of us lack ? 
  they are superior to us in this element of reality ? 
  so who do you want to appoint as the minister of truth ? 
   indeed , im getting absolutely sick of this ability to lie consequence free the problem with saying that lying is prohibited is you have to appoint someone to decide the truth , and that can become very dangerous in a free society . 
  yes , this is basically how the french present to us brits . 
  sometimes one feels like they would learn polish just to be able to claim they do n't speak french on the rare occasions that one of us will have actually learned their bizarro-wine speak . 
  is that a quote ? 
  it 's okay waffle-german , and thanks for the upboaty . 
  oh shush romania...no-one asked you . 
  i agree . 
  i actually think flavour in language is immensely enjoyable on a day to day basis . 
  for this reason i 'll be the obnoxious cunt who will use the terms `` aye '' `` innit '' and `` y' all '' unironically within a single paragraph . 
  that 's true , i was perhaps being overly generous . 
  on some occasions that will work , i think they 're a bit more friendly to you lot for some reason as well , probably because you 're like their weird half-son kind of . 
  i 've observed frenchies who obviously speak english refusing to use their english though , purely because ... well , they 're french . 
   `` too french '' or `` trying too hard '' to mimic an english accent . 
  i completely agree . 
  either they sound stereotypically french , or stereotypically posh english . 
  they do n't seem capable of doing `` normal '' accents . 
  still , speaking english with a french accent is pretty damn sexy so you got that going for you . 
  they * learn * them to a very good degree . 
  i 've met some french people with impeccable english . 
  of course they would n't actually * use * it around english speakers ... we should obviously all know french ... 
  i work offshore and many of the guys i work with have a very real distrust for the police , have been in trouble with the police , and quite a few have convictions/have been nicked coming home in the airport/taken a kicking from the cops/dished out a kicking to the cops . 
  i do n't know whether the offshore world attracts anti-establishment types or whether these guys have just been raised to think of cops as the enemy , but they certainly do . 
   know it 's all relative , but that 's what most people would call a `` mid-sized city '' , is n't it ? 
  not really mate no , that 's a large town or a small city . 
  all regional borders are arbitrary , like , literally all of them . 
  in this case we 're looking at nuts 1 regions , and while i 'd much prefer to see nuts 2 regions used ( because it 'd be more interesting ) i 'm guessing they do n't have that level of detail available . 
  no-one is talking about putting icbms in poland . 
  the bmd is about having a few missiles in poland which could shoot down a few icbms launched by states like iran or other me nations . 
  it in no way affects the russian nuclear arsenal . 
  but * everyone * else will , so , pretty great outcome really . 
  i know right ? 
  that 's like almost 96 gradians !, 
  crazy . 
  what an angle to live through . 
  they 're roma , and roma are `` european in origin '' in that a bunch of indians who emigrated around 1200 years ago , came to europe , and clearly some stopped in iran on the way or went back to iran at a later stage . 
  which makes sense , given that greece was part of the ottoman empire at the time . 
  it 's an alternative but it 's not exactly the same as the apache , which is bigger , has more armour , and more boom boom . 
  true though innit . 
  the war in afghanistan ( which we took part in too ) has at best been a very mild success and realistically , if you take `` defeating the taleban '' as it 's primary goal , has been a failure . 
  at least france is actually achieving success in places like mali , and the ivory coast . 
  the taleban still hold 1/3 of the country or so , and have influence in much more of it . 
  yes but france wins their children 's football matches and the us lost 5 nil to a country filled with goatfuckers and paedophiles . 
  there are cat cafe 's all over europe , definitely more than two . 
  france is far better at interventions than the us has ever managed to be though . 
  the french kick ass and do what they want to do without making everyone hate them . 
  yup . 
  the uk figure here is total garbage , so the rest of this can be safely ignored too . 
  oh but it 's so much fun ... 
  alexander the great was slav . 
  best slav . 
  spoke only slavic . 
  not revisionism . 
  new evidence in macedonia , trust us . 
  no greek !, 
  it 's all they have now . 
  that and gyros , but we all know they 're really turkish . 
  i 'm a artist , 
  sssh , you 're ruining it burger . 
  i 'm not the * greek * claiming a * macedonian * as mine . 
  http://www.operationworld.org/files/ow/maps/lgmap/mace-mmap-md.png - see , greece is below macedonia . 
  if we 're at that , then i claim napoleon as british , he was pretty decent . 
  was n't he from macedonia though ? 
  seems weird to go stealing another country 's hero figures . 
  we 're not out yet . 
  there are a lot of people , notably a lot of very * powerful * people who have a vested interest in making sure this leave thing does n't happen , and a good deal of the population will support it . 
  referendums are evil . 
  the lordship of ireland ? 
  that was ireland belonging to england for what , 400 years ? 
  then the kingdom of ireland , also a vassal state to england . 
  then the uk of gb & i. 
   they were kept as illiterate sharecropping serfs , farming land stolen from them for the profit aye well , welcome to feudal society . 
   you have n't a clue what you 're talking about , and i 've no interest in educating you any further , g ` luck !, 
  i do n't think you 'd have it in you ,
