  well corruption could take money if directed to any part of government . 
   it 's also a piss-poor strategy for conversion since all it does is increase anti-muslim sentiment . 
  which alienates and isolates muslims , which pushes the stupider ones towards more extreme/simplistic views as an answer to their shit lives , which leads to fuckwits putting on suicide vests and stealing lorries for mowing people over with . 
  terrorism triggers alienation , alienation causes division , division causes hate and fear , and hate and fear cause violence in some people . 
  it 's a feedback loop , the more the final step occurs the more the initial one does . 
  eventually there * would * be war ( although clearly muslims who desire a religious war are * actually * deluded ) . 
  there appear to be only two ways to prevent such an endpoint . 
  physical division of the problematic group ( west bank wall , northern irish `` peace '' walls ) , or prevention of the terrorist acts to avoid alienation . 
  the former solution is relatively simple , crude , apparently effective , but not really desirable , especially not given the logistical and moral problems . 
  the second solution is very complex and requires education ( and the right kind , not madrassas ) , social and cultural engagement ( state outreach programs , arts , sports , wiser city planning ) , integration of immigrants ( location location location , community building , language standards , not being * overly * accommodating ) , state surveillance ( e.g. 
  gchq ) , a strong counter-terror apparatus ( e.g. 
  mi5 ) , and a well crafted legal system ( e.g. 
  not belgium ) which allows for the security services to effectively go after suspects without allowing them to become overly egregious in detaining people for being guilty of existing-while-brown . 
  there are several european countries you can look at currently that get most or all of these things wrong because it 's politically convenient to just chuck muslim immigrants into some shithole part of the capital and then ignore them until they start blowing things up ( lookin ' at you france , also belgium ) . 
  overall i think european nations are n't very good at a lot of these things , and these are things that we * have * to become good at because like it or not , the eu has approximately 20 million muslims in it and most of them are n't going anywhere . 
  we can stop mass immigration tomorrow if we want , but unless we 're up for mass deportations based on faith then we 've got several millions of people who need to be better integrated , educated , and accepted into our society . 
  that 's what it 's doing . 
  oh come now , not only is there a cynical truth in that , but lets not get into discussions of censorship in a discussion forum . 
  their opinion is that palestine is far away and they like money . 
  for fucks sake people , stop downvoting atumre . 
  i clearly disagree with him , but he 's presenting his argument in a measured , polite , and fact based manner . 
  this sort of discussion is ** exactly ** the sort of thing that should be upvoted , whether you agree with the person or not . 
  to rhyme with `` gone '', 
  well if people would n't stop pronouncing it to rhyme with `` bone '' then there 'd be no need to would there ? 
  well , i suppose i do tend to find fellow brits fairly emotional , but still they tend to be far more reserved than a lot of foreigners . 
   the only logical conclusion can be that the circumstances were n't equal for women and men there is also the conclusion that quite simply not as many women stood for election as men ... 
   but it 's hard to say that sexism has been completely eradicated when only 148 of 650 seats in the house of commons are held by women . 
  i think there may be an argument that entrenched values in old people still exist , but i do n't think they will ever change their values , they 'll simply die . 
  however i think to look at the hoc and automatically say that there only being 148 females out of 650 is down to sexism is a huge jump towards a faulty conclusion . 
  i mean , last election the stats were that ceteris paribus , a woman is more likely to get elected than a man . 
   but neither figure is even close to 50 % . 
  being so would not be an indicator of no sexism , and not being so is n't an indicator of its presence . 
  do we say that there being only a tiny minority of men in teaching is down to systemic sexism , or due to other reasons ? 
   the `` old boys network '' i do n't think has nearly as much of an effect as it did , women now advance faster in their mid 20 's to mid 30 's in business than men do . 
  the averaged stats for salary rapidly decrease above mid 30 's in comparison with me , but you do n't need to be a brain surgeon to figure out why that is . 
  i 'm surprised how emotional we 're reported as being . 
  the idea that many of the developing world countries are less emotional than the uk strikes me as ludicrous though . 
  there 's a lot of inequality in general , but the sort of systemic unfairness toward women has largely been eliminated within our society . 
  welcome to half of feminism ... 
   `` 75,000 adult women raped in france per year is enough to convince me that my generation needs feminism , '' sad as it is to say it , if the existence of rape is enough to require feminism , then it 's never not going to be needed . 
  overall though bruni has a point , the main goals of feminism in the 20th century have essentially been achieved . 
  i am elitist , and for a good reason too . 
  but yes , there are some intelligent people with valid arguments against eu membership in this country , they 're just a minority of the objectors - most of whom still regularly confuse the echr and the eu . 
   you have your discount , but feel you still pay too much . 
  we have our discount because the cap is terribly disfavourable to a country so small , densely populated , and lacking in viable farmland as our own . 
  the germans do poorly from the cap too . 
  it 's basically just one big france subsidy which we negotiated our way out of . 
   but feel you still pay too much . 
  well no , there just have to be limits right now . 
  it 's not that we object to * us * paying more per se , it 's that we object to the idea that anyone should be paying more right now . 
  i agree with this , i expect you do too . 
   and the recent demands for budget cuts really , really , do n't help with giving the impression that you 're in for the ride . 
  every other government is slashing budgets right now , why should the eu one increase ? 
  as i said i 'm pro-eu in a big way , but i think it 's a completely valid point that at a time when national governments are trying to slash 5-10 % off their budgets , that the eu could at least take a budget freeze . 
   from what i gather , there 's a media storm over some silly eu-regulation every week , many of them made up . 
  hardly a media storm , there 's regular nonsense in the daily mail but only idiots read that , it 's a rag i would n't put clean my arse with . 
   should n't people call it , finally , whether it 'll be the us or the eu ? 
  we have , that 's the thing that kind of hurts . 
  we 're * in * the eu , just because we 're not racing to enlarge it does n't mean we 're not in it , and just because we have some doubters at home does n't mean we 're going to leave , nor does it mean we want to . 
  we decided years ago to follow the path of eu integration , and just because sometimes we say `` guys , hold on a minute '' ( which every country does , frankly , it 's just more publicised when we do it ) does n't mean we 're not into the eu . 
  aye , glasgow is warm , wet , and bright compared with me . 
  still , we got dem hills . 
  not really much shorter matey , that 's 17 minutes less sunshine than where i 'm from today . 
  people forget the highlands really are quite far north . 
  iirc there 's about 200km between me and turku going north/south ( not east/west of course ) - but trust me matey , turku has way * way * nicer weather than where i 'm from . 
  i far prefer the climate there . 
  if he 's suggesting a referendum he 's suggesting we leave . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  the uk stays in the eu only so long as politicians do n't pay attention to what barely literate daily mail pawwing plebian old people think . 
  aye , i live in the ne too these days and it 's not bad in of flooding , but fuck me it 's grey and miserable all the time . 
  it was better in the highlands , but not by much . 
  southern finnish weather is * miles * better . 
  yeah because that 's worked fucking well for the last few terms eh ? 
  so he wants us out of the eu . 
  as not quite a europhile but nevertheless someone who is definitely in support of the idea and most of the implementation , it concerns me deeply that some eu states clearly would like the uk out . 
  there 's increasingly this perception that the uk is half in half out , which we are n't really any more than many other states , but the perception feeds itself and so has become this * thing * . 
  * please be kidding , please be kidding , please be kidding *, 
  the weather 's a lot better in southern finland than it is in northern scotland , that 's for sure . 
   you own other people , yep , right , colonial though i 'm not sure you understand how this works . 
  it is * our * territory , that does n't mean the people of the island of britain , that means all people who are citizens of the uk&ni and its associated territories and protectorates . 
  this includes the falkland islanders themselves . 
  they own it also because all citizens have a sovereign right to the territory of this nation . 
   what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  does this makes any kind of sense ? 
  as much as your nonsensical claim that because the falklands happen to be close to argentina that they should belong to them , yes . 
  which is very little , i would agree . 
   if the government had been sensible and handed it back like hk handed it back ? 
  the only time argentina ever owned it was when they invaded it for a very short time in '82 before we retook the islands . 
  you 're acting as if the uk stole a native land off some native peoples . 
  we did n't . 
  we colonised an island just as the spaniards and italians colonised argentina , and then argentina became independent , and the falklands did n't . 
  they can if they want , but that 's not what they want . 
  argentina has no legitimate claims to this island . 
   like hk you would be silent that was different , that was a 99 year lease on an island . 
  the falklands are a part of our sovereign country in perpetuity , until the people of that island decide to change this fact . 
   the people uk put there should decide the outcome . 
  oh , right , so the people that spain and italy put in argentina should get to choose the outcome instead then ? 
  their desires should outweigh those of the people who , y' know , actually live on the islands ? 
   the island is close to argentina .
