  there 's no reason we need to copy anyone , we can develop our own federation of nations which run well , perhaps even with different voting systems within each state , different everything , except for federal law . 
  spot on , but as you say it 'll be tough , nationalists and anyone with pride in their nation wo n't like the idea of the north dominating the eu until the south undergoes the necessary culture change , but what 's the alternative ? 
  i do n't doubt there are many , many decent honest people from the south who are n't corrupt , but that 's not really what we need to avoid , we need to avoid the whole rotten political culture moving into the federation , and there 's a serious question of how to achieve that . 
  oh come on , all of the rich countries are and will continue to make a net loss ( you 're at about $ 60 per year , i 'm at around $ 100 ) until the poorer nations get their infrastructure built up and do n't need the help they currently do . 
  long term investment in our fellow eu countries is good because it either makes * us * richer or it stops us getting poorer if we would have gone into decline , because they can either reinforce our wealth or do exactly what we 're doing for them in the future . 
   the uk is an almost all public university environment worth saying `` state '' in this context , since public education traditionally and still with a lot of people refers to fee paying schools which are privately owned . 
  socialist government thinks that all the rich french will stay in france just because they love it so much . 
  that 's true , we have very little rye bread and what we do have tends to be the nasty german stuff , not the lovely finnish stuff . 
  britain is a culture which never had rye bread in it though , so it 's kind of like expecting chinese food from japan . 
  you might get it but it 'll probably be shit . 
  in where everyone picks britain as having the worst cuisine except people who 've . . y' know , actually been . 
   you 're being a pissant contrarian . 
  no serious coffee snob will say that starbuckies is the best out there , but they will readily admit that it is far far above the average available . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  it 's weak tastleless piss . 
  sorry , but you 're going into the `` does n't like good coffee '' pile too . 
  i disagree but if your semantics make you happy then whatever . 
  shall we start saying that no coffee is european at all because it all comes from africa , south america , and south east asia ? 
  completely depends on preference imo . 
  i completely disagree that uk bread is just of a lower quality , there are different types of bread and some are good some are bad , but there is in no way a lack of non-square non-sliced bread . 
  that 's ok , at least you 're all tall . 
  ( although frankly , a dutchman poking fun at a brits cuisine is ... interesting to put it nicely ) . 
  says the guy from a country lacking completely in sarcasm , it appears . 
  well * someone * has to introduce the french to good food , eh ? 
  could you perhaps suggest what you think is better ? 
  i 've eaten bread in many european countries , in the us , in canada - and sure i 've tasted lots of good bread in lots of countries , but i 've tasted lots of great stuff in the uk too . 
  i agree it 's harder to get truly * great * bread in the uk than it is in some countries which have artisan bakers in every town and villiage , but to call the bread in the uk bad just seems disingenuous to me . 
  no indeed , there are , however , many people who enjoy drinking what * i * consider to be bad coffee though , and as i was saying due to the above mentioned elitism i 'd be prepared to say that , for e.g. , starbucks coffee is bad coffee and that some people enjoy that . 
  depends completely on the place in my experience . 
  you go to a little turkish or italian cafe and you might get amazing coffee , or you might get weak piss , depends on the place and what you order , imo . 
  good coffee certainly exists though . 
  oh i 'm not , i just think it 's valuable sometimes to remind others that facts are not open to debate . 
  your average person says they like rich strong coffee . 
  your average person actually enjoys weak milky coffee . 
  plenty of consumer research has shown this to be the case . 
  i suppose i was using a fairly elitist definition since i actually * do * like rich strong coffee , but yes , in my opinion most people like bad coffee . 
  we were the first european nation to drink coffee on a wide scale . 
  we have space in our lives for both drinks . 
  edit : downvote all you like folks , does n't stop it being true . 
  weatherspoons serve lavazza , just fyi . 
  americans , and apparently some aussies too . 
  whys that then ? 
  you can study in scotland free of charge , 
  ok well to start with , lidl is a german shop and iceland is a shitty shop for poor people so disregard them . 
  how your tescos was fucking up bread i do not know , every single one has a bakery section , most with a selection of different kinds of bread from around the uk and europe . 
  i ca n't think of any supermarket which does n't bake its bread on a daily basis these days , were you here like 15 years ago or something ? 
  poznan and stettin are where it 's at . 
  we handle cold weather better than southerners ? 
  yeah , especially close to the border the seaside towns are absolutely packed with germans , german language signage and many of the people walking around speak german . 
  the water * is * cold , but having grown up in scotland saying `` it 's fuckin ' baltic out here '' whenever it was cold outside , i now think that this phrase should be changed , because it was n't * that * cold on the polish coast . 
  ca n't say i was a big fan , although apparently most of the horse salami in the city-market we used to shop in was cheaper stuff mostly intended at russian customers ( that came from my finnish ex so i assume it 's probably true ) . 
   sure , you can find that here and there and there are some specialised shops which sell such things , but they 're still not that good and also finding them is a pain in the ass . 
  wot ? 
  every supermarket in every town has fresh non-square non-presliced bread these days . 
  i ca n't think of a supermarket without a bakery section which makes fresh bread . 
  it 's not as good as in finland , but it 's not like we 're german or anything . 
  yes but most of our pizza is complete shit , especially # 10 pizza . 
  pizza hut and other american congealed fat factories will charge you # 14-16 per pizza here . 
  # 40 for 4 is cheap for the uk . 
  # 20 surely , 20 p being # 0.20 and i 'd have to guess a 20p steak would be about the size of your pinky fingernail . 
  bit horsey no ? 
  gravilohi , i do n't care if it possibly swedish , gets you most of the way there . 
  that dish of little fish ( something like silli ) baked in the oven ( possibly with breadcrumbs or similar on top ) is awesome too . 
  had that as my first meal in finland and it was super tasty . 
  also ruispalat . 
  i love that stuff . 
  too many fuckin ' potatoes though , you guys are like the irish on steroids or something . 
  with more beer . 
   seriously though , i 've no idea how someone could say that british food is the worst if they 've ever had a ( well cooked ) sunday dinner . 
  reputation + they have n't experienced it . 
   i know sandwiches were invented by a british earl but to go from that to calling them a quintessentially british food ? 
  reaching , non ? 
  so we can claim some curries then ? 
  they 're all good . 
  full scottish , full english , full irish , full welsh breakfast , or an ulster fry . 
  all slightly different , completely down to personal preference which you like , but all good . 
   this is good news though . 
  ca n't wait for it to reach over 50 % . 
  diversity for all !, 
  speak for yourself . 
  to be honest if you think the muddy pisswater you 're getting in starbucks is decent coffee then the problem is most likely that you like bad coffee , not that there is no good coffee in europe . 
  i 've been to about a dozen countries within europe over my many years here , and the majority of them have great coffee available all over the place . 
  the uk and finland less so , but even in those you can still find good coffee . 
  $ 20 is approx . 
  # 15 * a couple of starters at an ok restaurant * a round of drinks for four people in a middle quality pub * a pair of jeans on sale at a middle quality store * my phoneline , not including calls or internet * a 10km taxi ride . 
   i noticed you removed my point about is being possible to criticise aspects of islamic societies without being racist in order to make me look as if my position is extreme . 
  it really is n't . 
  i did n't remove any of your points , i just answered the ones i felt were worth addressing . 
   well duh , who is going to admit to being a racist ? 
  well if you want to make the assumption that anyone you speak to on the internet is lying to you about their beliefs you 're not going to ever make any progress in any discussion . 
   so you explicitly go out of your way to oppose , say , peaceful sufi mysticism , and lump it in with radical islamism ? 
  that 's hella ignorant bro . 
  i oppose pretty much all faiths to some extent or another . 
  faiths like jainism are basically harmless , but i disagree with them because i think the elements of mysticism are simply incorrect or made up . 
  other faiths like islam i oppose a great deal more because i think beyond just being wrong and made up , that they 're actively dangerous and incompatible with the values i believe strongly in . 
   disliking islam as a whole ? 
  pretty darned racist . 
  racism is discrimination against people because of the colour of their skin . 
  if i am not doing this , i am not being racist . 
  pretty fuckin ' simple stuff we 're working with here bud .
