  i 'm making no argument about which country ni should be part of , because that 's up to the people of ni to decide , and i 'm making no argument against the idea that if ni becomes part of roi then the people who go on to be born there will eventually basically all be irish , not british , but for now , that 's not the case . 
  but i refuse to accept that national governments can redefine the concept of nationality as they please , so that holds no impact upon my argument . 
  russia recognises georgians in abkhazia and south ossetia as being citizens of russia , but they are still georgian . 
  tomorrow germany could recognise all citizens of nepal as german , but they would still be nepalese . 
  why do you feel this ? 
  because your ancestors 500 years ago were irish ? 
  mine may have been french , or german , or danish . 
  i do n't know , nor do i care , it 's irrelevant . 
  i 'm british . 
  if you and your parents are from ni , then so are you . 
  not saying , that . 
  i 'd claim that nationality is a combination of birth and of immediate parentage , with birth taking precedence of the course of generations . 
  obviously it 's not a hard and fast thing , it 's a fairly general term as it is without further degradation though . 
  ireland gives out citizenship to anyone who happens to be born on the island of ireland though . 
  russia does the same for quite a few countries and breakaway regions , it does n't make the people of those places russian . 
  sure no doubt you 're an irish citizen , but if you were born and bred in ni then you 're a brit with irish citizenship . 
  just as if i somehow got hold of french citizenship tomorrow i 'd be a brit with french citizenship . 
  are you referring to the idea that some people in northern ireland consider themselves irish because northern ireland was invaded 500 years ago ? 
  to answer your question , i could not have been born had the germans won ww2 , but quite possibly if they had won it then those born in what is now the uk would have been german ( if germany had decided to expand its borders into the nation as opposed to maintaining a puppet state ) . 
  you so funny . 
  now i 'm going to think about all the parents who 've beaten their kids to death for being shit at mario kart . 
  not completely , no , however religion is dying out while nationalism is not . 
   what i am saying is that many people who would much rather ` those people ' stayed away from the uk are rather happy that they can point at something not racial , such as religion , to explain their stance . 
  this is frequently claimed although no-one has ever been able to support the point with anything , at least not when i 've asked for some support for the claim ( which , btw , i do n't doubt to be partially true , although i think the claim tends to be made by people who would like to make out that most anti-islam people are racist , which as someone who opposes islam and all other religions but does n't give a fuck what colour you happen to be , i disagree with ) . 
  if only this were about religion , then it would n't be a problem at all in 20-30 years time . 
   on what bases would you expect people to call you a nigerian tribal matriarch ? 
  desire ? 
  choice ? 
  perhaps i 'll get a law passed that says it 's true . 
   cause i base being called irish on the fact that i am legally entitled to do so as stated by the good friday agreement . 
  ok , sure . 
  consider yourself whatever you want . 
  i disagree , that 's all . 
  northern ireland is still part of the sovereign state of the ukofgb & ni and until such time as it is not , people who are northern irish are british . 
  they can view themselves how they please and i would in fact encourage all people to do so , 
  i 'm scottish myself , and yes , you 're probably right . 
  in general there are lots of people out there who think they can claim to be whatever they desire to be and that others should take that as fact . 
  i am not one of those people . 
  words like `` scots '' or `` irish '' are made for describing , if every individual can spontaneously redefine the word by including or excluding themselves from the definition then the word is weakened and eventually the rules behind the word have so many ad-hoc corrections that the word is essentially meaningless . 
  so i take the philosophical position that people do not have the capability to define what they through their immediate desires , but mostly only by action , and in some regards they lack the ability completely . 
  this is my position , and i stand by it regardless of the offence it frequently causes , because it is a wiser position to take than that of the contrary . 
   new plan : people can and should identify as anything they want and whatever identity they chose is none of anyone else 's fucking business . 
  please do read on to my other posts on this , i agreed that that 's the case . 
  people should identify they please . 
  they just should n't expect others to * respect * that . 
  no , my point is , that by claiming that those who have a go at islam are racist , you 're yourself being racist . 
  not at all mate , people can identify as whatever they please and i think people absolutely should do so - i just wo n't necessarily describe them as that thing unless they actually fit what i take to be the accepted view of what that thing is . 
  now of course categories are generally a little blurry , but to go all reductio ad absurdum you would n't ( or should n't ) consent to call me an indian elephant just because i say i identify as that and must be referred to as nelly from henceforth . 
  similarly , i think i can say quite clearly that people born and bred in ni are not irish , they are british . 
  oh i think self-identification is nonsense . 
  i do n't expect people to call me a nigerian tribal matriarch just because i happen to identify as one , and nor will i call people things they are n't just because they desire that thing to be the case . 
  the northern irish are british , and while i understand the strong desire among a minority of people for that to change , unless or until it does , they are brits . 
  oh look , another murder or atrocity caused by religion . 
  the threads will stop when atrocities caused by religious nut jobs stop . 
   islam is a horrible religion . 
  do n't give that crazy woman too much credit , millions of others have worked hard over the centuries to help show this . 
  ironically , as someone who is stereotyping all muslims as being brown , you appear to be the one whose actually being racist here . 
   typical swedish response : if you do n't like it , leave . 
  perfectly valid response . 
  it 's their country , they have no duty to accept others , or to be welcoming or hospitable . 
  also he 's danish . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  they 're basically all british , but some of them would * like * to be irish . 
  edit : lol , ok , facts are optional now . 
  awesome . 
  oh i did n't , i just do n't much care about the feelings of a few individuals . 
  the simple fact is that ireland is essentially culturally homogeneous with the uk , and has been for hundreds of years . 
  ( this 'll go down badly too , i still do n't care . ), 
  we 're all of the same breed . 
  us scots may go for independence soon , but that does n't change the fact that culturally we 're hugely similar to the english and the welsh . 
  the fact that the irish went for it 60 years ago does n't change the fact that they 're just another facet of british culture - they just do n't like it to be labelled as such . 
  trust a bloody german so say such a peace loving thing as that ... :p, 
   what `` modern british culture '' are you seeing in ireland ? 
  cup of tea , potatoes , the local pub , boy racers , stew and big wooly jumpers in cold winter months , watching a shitty christmas movie with the family on the couch , going out pubbing and clubbing at the weekend , feeling rotten the next day and having a big fry up before watching some rugby . 
  seriously , it 's the same fuckin ' culture with some different historical flare , same as scotland vs. england . 
   even more recently a bunch of countries `` were in '' yugoslavia , but most people would n't argue that gives them a lot of common culture . 
  yeah , except that modern irish culture is as british as modern scottish culture . 
  sure , we 've both got all the ye olde twee bagpipes and haggis bullshit , but our modern cultures are all essentially british . 
   how on earth are you defining relatively minor differences ? 
  even within the areas of the uk i have mentioned there are fairly major differences . 
  if you think the differences are major between uk home nations you should travel to japan , or saudi arabia , or morocco . 
   as an aside , the republic of ireland is still to some extent a catholic country the uk is actually essentially an atheist country now , and roi will be too in 20 or 30 years - but while it 's true that there is that issue , parts of the uk were historically catholic too , and it 's not really like anyone outside of ni and glasgow gives a shit about religion anyway . 
  well , we certainly make a lot of accommodation for people 's backwards beliefs at times - but yes , ni is in charge of abortion within the nation for the time being , so the national government ca n't at this stage force that through . 
  christ , i figured you 'd trust me by now not to be outright lying to you . 
  [ here y' are . 
  ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/home/survey-60-in-favour-of-legal-abortion-110224.html )  also this roi and not all of ireland ? 
  but of course , separate entities innit . 
  that said , also have really stone age abortion rights , we really need to sort that out . 
   misread it , sorry . 
  anyway that is only 1000 people . 
  generally considered to be enough for a representative sample i 'm afraid . 
  a 2010 poll found that only 60 % of 18-35 year olds thought that abortion should be legal . 
  that 's a majority , but i would n't say `` most '' just yet - and that was n't even asking about abortion on demand , just abortion in * some * variety . 
   a ) your comparison makes no sense , scotland is in the uk , ireland ( in this context we are referring to the republic ) is not . 
  ireland was in the uk , so i think there 's plenty of sense to be found . 
   b ) even the uk has huge cultural differences within it . 
  well , yes , that 's part of my point . 
  the range of difference has and could once more happily encompass the relatively minor differences found in irish culture compared with the relative differences from each other of welsh , cornish , various english , and various scottish culture . 
   ok so you accept you were wrong absolutely not . 
  i just reinforced exactly what i said , which is that 2/3 of your countrymen do not support the right of a woman to choose to have an abortion , in the event that her life ** is n't ** threatened .
