  people should not recognise things because they are legally bound to , but rather because those things are true , and after argument or debate or the discovery of facts they have found this thing to be true !, 
  there is nothing dangerous about thought alone , or expression alone , what is dangerous is what follows . 
  by censoring people we disallow them the air in which to express their nonsense , or the ideas which they have which are wrong . 
  this deprives the world of an oppertunity to meet their beliefs and arguments with better ones , and that in an of itself * is * a negative idea because it retards human progress , denies liberty of expression , and criminalises unpopular social concepts and historical issues . 
  everything is up for discussion , and an unwilingness to acknowledge that is the sort of thing that * leads * to facism , not away from it . 
  so if society decides that it 's illegal to utter the word `` the '' you 're ok with that ? 
   besides , rights , both positive and negative , stem from the existence of law . 
  enforcement of a right is not the same as the source for that right . 
   what is a right if one can not exercise it ? 
  it is denied . 
  quite simply . 
   such as ? 
  well i 'd argue that rights come from ability of the human race to reason . 
  universalisability is a good place to go from there . 
  i wo n't hurt you because i would n't want you to hurt me . 
  recognising that our ability gives us a duty to each other not to use others as a means to an end - once that 's in place a fairly simple framework of freedoms arises rapidly , what one can and can not do is judged by universalisability , and there you have it : morality . 
  rights just describe things you can do within this sytem , and i 'd argue that yes , they are inherent not as a result of god given-ness or some quality of the universe , but rather as a quality of what * we * are . 
   the whole concept of a right is an invented one . 
  i disagree , as per the above . 
   there is no supernatural imposition of rights upon humanity . 
  i agree , as per the above . 
  the thing here is that i can argue why there exists a right of unconditional freedom of expression under the above framework , but you 're going to have a hard time justifying any sort of unconditional right to privacy . 
  so what if it does ? 
  why do they not have the right to express their thoughts but you do ? 
  the solution to bad arguments is better arguments , not no argument . 
  however you seem to really not be into freedom of speech , so perhaps i 'll get nowhere . 
   well , where do you think rights come from ? 
  i 'd ground myself in deontological ethics , specifically arguing that our capacity as moral beings coupled with the then ( imo ) necessity of universalisability instils a requirement for rights in humans as much as it does a requirement for food or for water . 
   do you believe in the existance of human rights ? 
  i believe in rights , i see no reason to put qualifiers in front of them . 
  so yes or no , depending on whether you refer to rights of humans , or the specific set of rights usually referred to as `` human rights '' . 
   no , i think legislation should be based on something significantly more solid than that . 
  but it 's not based on that , it 's based on feelings , nothing more . 
  that 's my issue with it . 
   lthough i think a fun catch 22 would be to claim that me advocating against freedom of speech is detrimental to you due to the risk it becomes widely accepted and then implemented therefore speech opposing freedom of speech should be criminalised . 
  that would be beautifully amusing . 
  obviously i do n't actually give a fuck what you say because i believe in freedom of speech . 
  my point was that you 're arguing for sanctions based on perceived offensiveness , and that if i claim what you say is offensive , to be consistent you should agree that you deserve to go to jail for this . 
   if not , my point stands , that the usa draws lines and limits on free speech . 
  i never said otherwise , of course it does - i happen to disagree with these restrictions but i never claimed that the us has actual freedom of speech , it does n't . 
  not a very good explanation i 'm afraid . 
  what property gives a human the right to privacy ? 
  i could say that cats have the right to privacy , but that 's just an assertion without evidence or argument , just as yours is . 
  ok so what if i say that your expression just there had a detrimental effect upon me , should it be criminalised ? 
  rights ! = law . 
   what other `` actual '' rights does privacy stem from iyo ? 
  deontologically justifiable ones . 
  talking philosophy here , y' know ? 
   what happens when two absolutes are diametrically opposed to each other ? 
  as i say , the idea of a `` right to privacy '' is invented nonsense , so there is no right which does oppose the right to freedom of expression . 
  i hate to answer questions with questions , but could you explain where you think a right to privacy stems from , besides legal declarations ? 
   there is also the right to a privacy is there ? 
  where does that right stem from ? 
  i would argue that privacy is an incidental occurrence , the possibility of which stems from other , actual rights . 
   there has to be some sort of compromise . 
  you ca n't compromise on absolutes , you either have them or you fold . 
  it really actually does n't . 
  nothing is a given in ethics , everything must be argued for , so here 's my argument . 
  expression does n't actually * do * anything . 
  no trees will fall , no cars will crash , no bones be broken by expression . 
  all expression does is stimulate thought ( or not , but attempt to ) . 
  no matter how i use my right of expression , yours is never impacted upon , i can paint a thousand pictures and you 're never deprived the right to sing a song or scream a poem . 
  now with action , i can beat the shit out of you and this has the result of you being deprived of all sorts of freedoms , such as , say , movement , but this can not occur with expression . 
  if you 'll accept my definition of freedom of `` freedom is the right to do what you want to the extent that it does not impact upon the rights of another to do the same '' then my argument is sound . 
  if you 'd like to propose a different definition of freedom then be my guest , that 's just my own personal one and though i 've spent years refining it slightly i am certain it is not perfect . 
  this argument was used by judges in the us supreme court to imprison a man for voicing his opposition to the us military draft ( and us participation in the war in general ) in ww1 on political grounds . 
  it was used precisely as an argument for politically motivated censorship , and now morons use it every day as an argument which they think shows that censorship can be legitimately used for non-political reasons ( which it can , but it 's just a dire example because it 's so intrinsically tied to political censorship ) . 
  10 minutes on wikipedia and using google would show people this , but people have been swallowing and propagating this idiocy for so long now that people think it 's beyond questioning as an argument , when in fact it 's the exact opposite . 
  freedom of action is self-defeating , it can not exist , one person 's right to freedom of action inevitably terminates another 's , and hence the freedom can not exist in an unlimited fashion , this is impossible . 
  freedom of speech can exist , as no one person 's speech ever impacts upon another person 's right to speech . 
  expression can not conflict with the rights of a person , and so there is a crucial difference which you have , unsurprisingly , missed . 
   ( shouting fire in a crowded theatre always the same , people arguing against freedom of speech always use this fucking terrible example with absolutely no idea of the origin of the term . 
   this is n't black & white . 
  all countries limit speech somehow . 
  yes it is , no country has freedom of speech . 
  it 's pretty clear . 
  in all countries on earth i am restricted in what i can say , i do not have total freedom to express myself as i please in any country currently , and so no country has freedom of speech - all we 're arguing over are degrees of repression . 
  tyranny of the majority eh ? 
  so appealing ... 
  yes , we do . 
  what of it ? 
   free speech is nice but imo everything should have a limit . 
  free speech ca n't have limits , if it does it 's not free speech . 
  it 's a fairly simple concept oft overcomplicated in order to provide justification for those who would seek to deny it . 
  you have it , or you do n't . 
  i 'm for it , and i do n't think a bunch of racist nazi fucks telling lies is a good argument for less discussion , it 's an arguement for more . 
  and american taxpayers are helping pay the salaries of israeli military personnel who * should * be jalied . 
  so wot ? 
  the article is slavishly pro-israeli , so really should n't be taken seriously . 
   `` free speech '' above anything on earth including human dignity good good . 
  free speech should be inviolable . 
  otherwise it 's not free , 
  i love the uk for this . 
  do n't get me wrong , our banks close at 5pm on monday to friday too , but they 're open on saturdays . 
  our medium sized supermarkets are open 'till 8-10pm , our large supermarkets never close . 
  all the hairdressers and barbers will be open 'till at least 6pm , but they 'll also be open all day saturday and most of sunday . 
  the only thing sunday really changes is that places close an hour or two earlier and banks wo n't open , but you can still do most of the stuff you need to . 
  i agree it 's retarded that some services are 9-5 though , and mainland europe is just horrifically bad for this . 
   i 'm not sure a person who is without a doubt suffering from brain damage after years of heavyweight boxing is a particularly good idea . 
  is this without a doubt ?
