  so you 're saying that in spite of spain deciding to practically cavity search everyone who crosses the border , that 90 % of `` illegal '' tobacco is from gib ? 
   and for companies to escape taxes this is to do with spain how ? 
   and btw this is a very bristish bias documentary in as much as it does n't pander to idiotic `` hurr durr imperialism '' viewpoints , yes . 
  so basically gibralter is making money and the rest of southern spain is n't and so the uk government is being arrogant and selfish . 
  gotit . 
  edit : i accidentally a word . 
  what is the uk government doing which is arrogant and selfish ? 
  an unfortunately accurate description . 
   if nothing is done to stop this war , we will be getting more of these deaths of innocent civilians . 
  you mean , like putting down the secessionists ? 
  think that 's being done mate ... 
   rude ? 
  `` sources and where do you base this comment ? '', 
  is hardly polite . 
   its the most generic opinion about pla , they have lot of stuff but its not tech level is not high . 
  i 'm not saying that china is content with rocks and slings for all of their needs , but clearly they sacrifice some potential quality in lieu of troop numbers . 
  the pla has the largest military in the world yet spends only 2 % of their gdp on funding it , which translated to real numbers means they 're going for quantity as a priority . 
  do they develop some good technology ? 
  yes . 
  they clearly are n't stuck in the `` feeding off soviet scraps '' stage of military development that many nations are , but at the same time they 're also clearly making it a priority to build lots and lots of kit , the majority of which is below the standard of western military equipment . 
  their espionage will definitely augment their technological capabilities and ameliorate the deficiencies that they would otherwise have as a result of comparative underspending on r&d , but going the fact that they * still * appear unable to build a decent aircraft engine despite years of trying and years of stealing everyone else 's technology , it would appear that espionage does n't take you 100 % of the way there . 
  i base it on years of reading and i 'm not going to go digging around for official pla policies to please you . 
  if you do n't agree or do n't want to take my word for it then feel free just not to . 
  also , try not to be so rude if you desire people to be cooperative , 
   that 's why russia would likely look for a partner . 
  somebody who has a few disputes about islands at sea could be interested . 
  they want different things . 
  russia wants western level technology to fight with , while the chinese want lots and lots of toys but their tech level requirement is n't as high . 
  sino-russian relations are n't going to warm up too much , i suspect . 
   the russians are quite capable of developing their own warships . 
  it costs a lot of money to develop warships and it can go quite ( / very ) wrong . 
  the mistral is already made , already shown to be fairly decent , and there for the buying . 
  probably includes tech transfer too . 
  lovely idea that nato would purchase these but the cost is probably too high and european nato members right now have their fingers firmly planted in their ears ignoring anything to do with defense . 
  in this case it definitely was . 
  no problem , it 's fine to give up when you do n't think you 're capable of adequately defending your position . 
  just remember though , you 're holding a position you are unable to defend . 
  i 'm asking because i 'd like you to explain your reasoning so that i can show you 're wrong . 
  what 's the eu got to do with any of this ? 
  riiiiighht ... you realise that the right sector leader just got 2 % of the vote in the national election ? 
   need i go on ? 
  if you can actually show anything then by all means do so . 
   need i describe the ongoing military actions of right sector in eastern ukraine ? 
  what , you mean fighting armed secessionists ? 
  i think they 're quite welcome to do so . 
  so wait , are you saying that some super secret nazis had multiple figures installed into parliament or something ? 
   i suppose the maidan had nothing to do with it then well , that would be quite a stupid supposition . 
  of course it had something to do with it . 
  the man realised his time was up and fled because after months of protests and busing in berkut to beat , torture , and kill protesters he realised that he was n't going to last . 
  i do n't see how him leaving contradicts eu ideals whatsoever . 
  an unpopular president who 'd made some very bad choices decided to step down . 
  the parliament continued and voted to set up a transitional government until free and fair elections could be held , which they just have been . 
  calling the immigration people to let them know a rabid colonist is on the loose . 
  we sent you lot over an ocean for a reason donchaknow ? 
  wow . 
  in english too . 
  the frenchies must really be sorry to use our accursed language !, 
   there is indisputable proof that they had multiple figures installed into parliament who is they ? 
   and took part in the armed overthrow of a democratically elected government i do believe yanukovitch left of his own accord , and the parliament remained . 
  no-one intelligent or honest really thought the `` nazis '' were rising to power . 
  it 's just propaganda spewed out by russia to justify their terrible behaviour , and swallowed up by a small number of idiots in the west who hate the west so much that they 'll believe anything bad about it . 
   god a hawkish eu would be such a bad thing . 
  i never said a hawkish eu , i said hawks within the eu . 
  right now it 's far too unbalanced . 
   for some reason the federalist european dream makes acting like george bush and unilateral diplomacy okay . 
  bit of a jump , do n't you think ? 
   how about the eu focus on getting out of an almost zero growth economy and the fleecing of the southern half of the continent before they start a war ? 
  i 'm not sure you have the understanding of hawk that most people hold . 
  it does n't mean we have to pick some dictator to topple and march off to a 10 year war . 
  it does mean we might have actually seen some proper responses to russia in its annexation of crimea and shit stirring in eastern ukraine , though . 
  the eu response so far has been pretty pathetic . 
  we need people who recognise that there are bad people out there and that not every other country is going to be nice and well behaved just because we are . 
  indeed ( i was pleased to read this in the article ) . 
  i would hope i do , although i recognise there are many with dovish tendencies within the eu project and that hawks have not yet really cared to involve themselves much in it , resulting in a very one sided approach to many areas of policy where normally a balance is found . 
  ca n't disagree with anything in the speech . 
  context though , are the protesters accusing the spd of being warmongerers for supporting sanctions on russia and being unhappy about the annexation of crimea , or are they saying steinmeier and his crew are warmongerers because they 're supporting russia ? 
  bring on sikorski as the eu foreign minister . 
  we need someone with a bit of bite and some purpose about them . 
  it 's time the eu got serious about foreign policy . 
  well , you are a socialist , you would say that . 
  77.8 years at current production rates given proven reserves not including arctic . 
  shame . 
  obviously man . 
  we 're the evil capitalist imperialists or something ... 
  ah do n't worry , we 're not going to judge your country poorly for one angry sports presenter . 
  anyone care to explain what 's so wrong with the ttip ? 
  sorry guys :(, 
  beautiful pun there . 
  yeah this is discounting the rebate . 
  iirc we pay more now than anyone except for germany . 
  if you can type without drinking a litre of vodka to steady your shaking hands , then no , you ai n't buddy . 
  but do n't fret , neither am i. 
  if scotland were independent it would be on this list . 
  europeas strunk !, 
   where brits continually fail to see why these things are a problem . 
  we see , we just do n't agree , 
  you 're conflating dollars and pounds there . 
  quite a big mistake chum . 
  oh stop you ... you so silly . 
  their ratings only have value because people trust them .
