  the chap absolutely fails to see that disliking a religion is not racism , and will argue vehemently ( but obviously , futilely ) that because some anti-islamic people are racist that all opposition to religion is racist . 
  he/she is never going to change their mind , so there really is just zero point in bothering . 
  neutral countries often have people protecting them , does n't mean they 're not neutral , it just means they 're not committed to doing anything if anyone else does . 
  you 're not neutral though . 
  an attack on any eu nation is an attack on you , the the common security and defence policy assures this . 
  ireland is not a neutral country as it is bound to an alliance with all eu nations . 
  well , i think they do , especially among the small island nations . 
  whether hostile nations would care is another issue , but i think they can validly be called neutral . 
  i just do n't think any nation in the eu can be , because we have a duty to common security . 
   china trading on its cheap labour and copying eu and american products with very poor r&d levels , so essentially living off its cheap labour . 
   korea a country which has samsung , a single company , doing the vast majority of everything that anyone worries about . 
  a great country for sure , but not a country to worry about in terms of hostility in any sense . 
   japan aging population with stagnation since the early 90 's , no longer able to compete on labour with any western nation , and now at the point where their r&d , as great as it is , is constrained by cultural problems and while another great country , is not one to worry about in any systemic sense . 
   africans outbreed everyone and out-die everyone too , i would n't be worrying about africa posing any problems to the eu any time soon . 
   arabs flip a finger at european values and replace our culture with theirs no , a lack of integration may be the case , i 'd agree , but that 's our problem not theirs . 
  the money present in the middle east is huge , but they piss it away and , unlike asian nations , have massively failed to capitalise on the great income they 've had coming in . 
   is eu becoming a irrelevant & heavily indebted 3rd world shithole no , it 's not . 
  we have the largest economy in the world , we 're incredibly wealthy , we 're good at loads of things , and just because we have some sovereign debt problems in the south does n't change the fact that we 're doing amazingly well in the world . 
   at the same pace as usa the us , despite its rapidly increasing population and massive income disparity , is still the richest country in the world in raw terms , and one of the richest in per capita ( ppp ) terms . 
  the us may not be * as * dominant as it once was , but it 's still a great country which is incredibly strong , and their recovery from the current recession is already underway . 
  in short , reports of their death are greatly exaggerated . 
  `` can we emotionally let go of kosovo since it 's already actually over enough to get with the eu ? '', 
  there are no neutral countries in the eu . 
   while greece probably has too . 
  this is just my opinion though . 
  i do n't think greece has any choice in very much at all right now if they wish to stay in the euro . 
  they 're like the guy at the party who shat in one of the bedrooms and now has to accept whatever games people want to play . 
  aunty angela and uncle fran\u00e7ois ? 
  to elaborate slightly on what biktari said , essentially while we have our current government in power , it can be expected that there will be no tightening of ties or new treaties signed with the eu . 
  that 'll all have to wait until at least the next government . 
  negatory , we should deal with farrage and his ilk openly , achieving our goals in secret only adds fuel to the charges that the eu is undemocratic . 
  most countries in the eu are essentially protected by french , british , and american military spending . 
  the eu as a whole is currently very much at the stage of spending less than it could on military knowing that the us has such a big stick ( which they pay for ) that no-one will attack us . 
  it 's somewhat embarrassing . 
  oh fuck you , you know what i meant . 
  it 's obvious to anyone with half a brain that the only realistic choice for the capitol of the entire empire is where everyone knows it always really was in the first place , south hedland . 
  other nations would have to cut down on their size and raise to our standard i expect . 
  most militaries in the eu are crappy and underfunded anyway , it 's basically only britain and france who have the capability to go places and get shit done . 
   and then you have the question of where the capital city goes that 's not much of a question because we all know the inevitable answer to all of that . 
  plenty of countries have helicopter carriers , they 're not that great for power projection . 
  good , sure , but nothing on having an aircraft carrier . 
  you could n't seriously prosecute war with one of them alone . 
  you got more info on finland 's approach ? 
  so you 're wrong and it 's my fault because i happened to be born in the west . 
  got it . 
   a , as in an indefinite article , implying that there could very well be other reasons , but that oil was definitely one of them but that 's not what the article says . 
  ah well , umbama has gone over this with you and given how eloquently and skilfully he argued his point , if you have not accepted it from him you most likely will not from me . 
   and i said it 's arguably genocide meaning one could try and argue that it was genocide . 
  one can not , or , rather one can but one would be an idiot and certain to fail . 
  nothing carried out in iraq demonstrates a systematic attempt by the us military to exterminate the iraqi people . 
  not even close . 
   though our actions in the middle east have most certainly led to the mass killings of people of a certain ethnic background , namely , the 100,000 + people who have been killed in iraq following the us invasion . 
  so you 'd like to accuse iraqi militias of genocide ? 
  you 'd have more luck , although i fear you 'd still be wrong . 
   i 'd say it 's fair to interpret it as a form of genocide . 
  well you 'd be wrong . 
  really , look up what genocide is . 
  this is n't it . 
  plenty of bad things have happened in iraq and i do n't see why you feel the need to use a word which does n't apply in order to describe them . 
  it 's as if it being death and destruction is n't enough for you . 
  sadism is completely irrelevant . 
  the us was n't carrying out a systematic program of extermination of the iraqi people , and was n't even * borderline * doing so , so the charge of genocide is just loaded hyperbole . 
   oil was definitely a hidden agenda in the invasion that article says that oil was discussed and deals were made before the war , * not * that the oil was the reason for going to war . 
  i fear you 're guilty of jumping to conclusions . 
   though shit like abu ghraib comes awfully close do you know what genocide is ? 
  because it seems like you do n't actually know what the word means . 
  i did n't actually mean the protests , i was implying that jihadists dying in protests is a good thing . 
  which it is . 
  i think that 's gradually changing , the government has realised that it 's not just the rightists who want people like that gone , nigh on everyone just wants fuckwits like that out of the country immediately . 
  if they 're citizens then ok , fuck it , we have to keep them . 
  but if they 're immigrants/residents who 're in the uk to benefit from our economy or our benefits or the fact that we wo n't murder them with our state security , then fuck it , send the fuckers anywhere . 
  would it ? 
  let scum wreck scum , that suits me just fine . 
  that 's part of the reason i do n't get so bothered when i hear about people dying in these protests normally , because there 've been many crazy islam protests across the middle east in the last decade or so and normally it 's just protesters demanding that the west burn in hell forever who end up dying , which kind of makes me think that protesting is doing the world an unintentional good . 
  too much inbreeding . 
  these guys are outstandingly insecure about their religion . 
  like , really !, 
  i mean ffs he 's supposed to be a fucking all powerful god and yet they feel like they have to defend him by savagely breaking things and killing people ? 
  these people need therapy . 
  you ca n't have a military working on 10 different languages , it simply can not work . 
  you need to either segregate so that you have e.g. 
  battalion commanders who speak both their superior and juniors language , that is choke points within the chain of command where conversion occurs , or you need to have a single language for the entire language . 
  the single language idea is far superior militarily , and given that 1/2 eu citizens already speaks english , it 's going to be english they use . 
  germany would or will soon , the french are still really uppity about their language being ze best , but that 'll fade as they gradually realise that the vast majority of people who speak french are french people , and the vast majority of people who speak english are not british . 
  thing is , no plan survives first contact anyway . 
  what 's the point in planning to have 3rd mechanised from poland to reinforce 50 km south of tartu if they 're off in iraq at the time ? 
  military doctrine does n't change overnight , it 's flexible , and the generals who run operations know how to quickly deploy large numbers of troops to a country . 
  not that i 'm saying that plans are completely useless , and i 'm sure nato will have them soon enough , and certainly before any conflict arises , but it 's not like without a plan nato would just go `` oh well , no plan , fuck it , we 'll try again with latvia ! '', 
  bbc is n't government press . 
  it 's a bit strange in the us . 
  in the uk people mostly do n't give a shit about those in uniform . 
  i 've had a couple of people come up to me while in uniform , generally older folks , and say some nice things to me . 
  i also know that portions of the asian community in the uk can be quite vocally opposed to those in uniform , and quite derogatory , but that 's politics . 
  most people just ignore you here , they really do n't care . 
  everything in english would be the logical solution , given that the number of people who speak english in the eu has now hit about 52 % . 
  a stop gap solution would be to have battalions run in native languages but everything above battalion level run in english , but realistically it makes sense to head toward everything being done in english . 
   nato without the usa is a paper tiger sadly so . 
  eu nations spend the 2nd most on defence , yet the combined might of our militaries is nowhere near what it should be , because so much is wasted on duplication , on troops which are essentially of to low a standard to fight , and so forth . 
  an eu military could be approximately 40 % of the might of the us one . 
  these days we 're perhaps 10 % of the strength ( at most ) , but we 're spending 40 % of what they do anyway .
