  i understand that free speech protects expression of ideas like this from a legal and moral perspective , but that does n't mean i have to like the fact that europeans are expressing ( and upvoting ) such repugnant ideas as are quoted in the title . 
  aberdeen since 08 . 
  originally a little north of inverness . 
  i know that 's aimed at me , and honestly i do n't give much of a fuck what a guy like that thinks of me , i 'm just utterly disappointed that a post like that could possibly in anyway be upvoted when it contains such support for genocide . 
  ok liolioslioliolis , how about you explain to me what your point was in saying :  i think the arrogance was about the use of the term `` empire '' instead of `` colonization '' and the fact that you think you know better what is happening to our country because of `` statistics '' and manipulating and misleading google search !, 
  the only response i can think of to that is to point out that you are disagreeing with the use of public data in my argument . 
  you are right , i was basically unable to make any further argument , but this was as , in so far as i could see , you gave me nothing much to respond to . 
  as for it being my job to point out how the stats i provided are incorrect , it is in fact not . 
  if you posit a position then the burden of proof lies upon you . 
  that is to say , if you claim i linked to a manipulating and misleading google search , then you must provide some evidence or argument for your claim , otherwise your claim is rendered invalid ( in the logic sense of the word ) . 
  you finish up by making what would charitably be called an ad hominem attack upon me . 
  i suspect we will gain little by continuing this discussion . 
   i really hope you are trolling because if you do n't you are either a robot or so out of touch with the anecdotal random events human beings call life . 
  i am not trolling . 
  i am scientist , i understand that random events happen ( in fact you could say that the entire universe is composed of lots of mostly random events ) . 
  however i also understand that trends can be found within this mess , and these trends can be compiled into data , which can form the basis of theory , and be used to produce statistics . 
  now you have two options in this world : * option 1 * : do n't believe anything you have n't experienced or reasoned first hand . 
  disbelieve all the media , all the politicians , all the bankers , all the scientists , all the teachers , everyone !, 
  this means you should basically abandon most of the beliefs you have , should trust almost no-one . 
  you also probably should n't believe in much of the rest of the world . 
  in fact , since you 've never experienced me directly , it would be irrational under this system to believe in my existence . 
  * option 2 * : place a measure of trust in reported data . 
  accept that there will be people out there who will intentionally and unintentionally attempt to deceive you , and that you must always be vigilant against incorrect information , and always be critical of all new data . 
  this is the option that allows you to live a sane life . 
  this is also the option you are currently mocking . 
  i shall leave the choice to you . 
  yes , but we prevent the eu from being a little franco-german empire . 
   i think the arrogance was about the use of the term `` empire '' instead of `` colonization '' while it would be correct to say that we lost colonies ( plural of colony ) after ww2 , it is equally correct to say that we lost our empire . 
  this is a non-judgemental , non-pejorative term . 
  empire is the correct technical term for what the united kingdom was the head of before ww2 . 
   the fact that you think you know better what is happening to our country because of `` statistics '' and manipulating and misleading google search !, 
  ok , so you 're not going to actually make an argument , you 're just going to sarcastically put quote marks around `` statistics '' and claim that i 've provided a manipulating and misleading google search . 
  would you care to point out how the statistics i provided were wrong , or what was manipulating and misleading about the google search ? 
  you 're doing what hooverspleen is doing , ceasing to trust any reported medium which does n't accord with your beliefs , and falling back to what you yourself can observe . 
  if you really have that little trust in the world , and that much faith in some sort of malevolent conspiracy , then you should n't be discussing these things on the net , you should be looking for proof . 
  come back when you find some . 
  edit : also , i hate to point it out , but you should have checked the results of the above image search a little more . 
  i 'm assuming you were intending to show pictures of british police being attacked with molotovs , but unfortunately the above search shows mostly greek police being hit by molotovs , reported in the british press . 
   spec you are missing the point.you can not compare focus magazine with a group of disgruntled , uneducated , corny ` artists ' . 
  well , i 'm not entirely sure why not . 
  of course one is the third largest weekly magazine in germany , and the other is a bunch of pissed off `` artists '' - but both are ultimately just groups of individuals making a statement . 
  the fact of the matter is though , one made what would appear to be a basically accurate statement ( that greece committed fraud ) where-as the others compared the sovereign loan of $ 100 billion to the acts of a genocidal racist mad man . 
   as it was stated the group you described as a `` bucket of cunts '' was minute both in their actions and their numbers . 
  as i acknowledged . 
   this whole thing is well blown over proportion and what i 'm observing is an argument of theory and stats versus everyday living.i did not vote for this government , i did not support the criminals that run the country and yet i was gas sprayed for protesting peacefully , without molotovs etc. 
  theory and stats are where the truth lies , anecdotal experiential beliefs are obviously going to be biased one way or the other due to chance occurance . 
  you maybe did not vote for the current government , but the current government seems to be the first one in a long while which is actually being honest about how dire a situation the greek economy is actually in , and honest about all of the under the table loans from us banks . 
  you were caught up in cs gas , that sucks , i agree . 
  i 'd be annoyed , that said the greek police have been facing fairly high levels of rioting for several years now , events like marfin bank murders , and no doubt most of them know someone who was injured by a rioter . 
  i 'm not justifying police brutality , it 's absolutely wrong , but given the situation the greek police find themselves in , and the level of violence which erupts from many protests , it 's not surprising that crowd control measures are harming innocent people . 
  the guys throwing the molotov 's are as much to blame as the guys being hit by the molotov 's , though . 
  frankly , i 'm surprised your police are n't going out with assault rifles . 
  if people start lobbing improvised incendiary devices at you , and you 're responding with ( essentially harmless ) tear gas and riot sticks , then you 're holding back a fair bit . 
   and yet you fail to accept that the global crisis is artificial and completely patronized by big busyness and that greece was plate smashing with europe 's and america 's money . 
  if you actually think there is some global conspiracy to pretend that there 's an artificial financial crisis engineered by the us , eu , and mega corporations , then you should be organising a revolution , not protesting . 
  this sort of conspiracy theory ideology seems to have sprung up since 2008 - i find it very convenient that in the good times of the early 00 's no-one felt there was any conspiracy , but now that things are bad , all of a sudden it 's a conspiracy by big business to do . . well . . something . 
   i understand that by being british you have inherited many of your country 's `` mindsets '' like the fact that you `` lost an empire '' after wwii . 
  not really sure what you mean by that , we did lose an empire after ww2 . 
  there need be no quotes there . 
   the fact of the matter is that you should not make assumptions based on given information and not self observed facts . 
  you reject trust . 
  you rely on your own individual experiences and no-one else 's . 
  but if this is the case , then you have regressed to solipsism . 
   i apologize in advance if i make the same mistake , but you have to understand that this country is really fucked because of puppet masters and not of the will of it 's people . 
  well , that 's kind of not taking responsibility now . 
  you live in a democracy , you 're collectively responsible for the government you get . 
  they are not puppet masters , they are elected officials , and you elected them . 
   this on the contrary is serious press forgive my lack of german ( and therefore requirement to use google translate ) but that would seem to translate to * `` fraudsters in the euro-family '' * . 
  this would be broadly accurate , the greek government up until the current one had been intentionally deceiving the eu by taking loans from us banks . 
  in the interests of genuinely understanding though , if you could tell me why this illicits such anger in you i would be curious . 
  i 'd also be curious to hear an explanation from yourself why you think that something like the above outweighs the offense against the german people of greeks dressing up like nazi 's in order to draw comparison between their current actions with regards to greece , and hitler 's in ww2 . 
   you don t have a clue man ... obviously typing to google search `` greek police molotov cocktail '' and then post the result with a link , is an argument . 
  true genius . 
  just as much of an argument as posting 5 pictures and videos in which the police attack or rough handle protesters . 
   i guess , all you need is thatcher , but i m not here to judge you or to convince you . 
  you assume i 'm some right wing neo-con simply because i look up statistics which do n't accord with your desired viewpoint and am unsympathetic to people which draw parallels between germany 's loan of approximately $ 100 billion to greece , and germany 's actions in ww2 . 
   i just want to see what good your arrogance will do to you when your country will go down . 
  because it will . 
  my country has been down before , and it will be again . 
  you call me arrogant because the greek system has been untenable for two decades and i say this plainly , but this is plain to see for all who do n't care to pussy foot around the issue . 
   about world war 2 loans and reparations . 
  so someone interviewed a self-hating german - those are * really * hard to find these days :| . 
  you can not compare debt that greece spent its way into and war reparations that were placed upon a defeated nation . 
  the fact that the americans , brits , and french decided not to reinstate those reparations after the war was a product of the issue of reparations being one of the major causes of the rise of hitler and therefore , of ww2 in the form that we experienced it . 
  learn your history . 
   free media or a racist propaganda that benefits economic trusts keeping german people uninformed ???? 
  right , the german government are controlling german media , in league with the mega corporations , imf , world bank , cia , illuminati , justice league , and batman . 
  or perhaps , just maybe , a subsection of the german people are pissed off about having to give you guys 100 billion euros , and their tabloid press picked up on that and sold them the populist vitriol they wanted to hear ? 
   this is not a valid argument . 
  you should know greek economy is based on services . 
  services does not generates as much as industry . 
  if you want to know about the destruction of greek industry read world war two history . 
  the uk is a services based economy and we seem to do ok . as for the ww2 reference , it was 70 years ago , stop complaining about it . 
  you lost your factories ? 
  we lost an empire , the ukrainians lost 7 % of their population , japan got nuked , and the jews had about 2/3 of their population systematically exterminated . 
   about taxes and how they affect every day life right , so what you 're saying is that life is n't necessarily that great in greece . 
  i get you , and i acknowledge that fact . 
  having spoken to several greeks about things , it sounds like shit 's not much fun right now . 
  that said , your taxes are nowhere near the highest in europe , and a big part of the reason that your country is so damn expensive right now is because your economy is fucked . 
  this is the best !!!!,
