  i do n't think they ever will . 
  they follow their narrative with an almost religious ferver . 
   with reasonable dialogue , thought-out conversation and time , anyone can realize we do n't live in a black & white world , that things never go as planned and that our problems are often caused by stupidity rather than by planned evil . 
  i fear there are too few people to plan and too many people to be planned for , and that worries me . 
  it 's just sad though , is n't it ? 
  so many people working so hard to improve the world , and people like this idiot think there 's some grand conspiracy to ruin their lives and enslave everybody or some other equally stupid nonsense . 
  honestly i did n't realise that many places in europe still used the long form . 
  i understood ( and have heard and used ) the term milliard , but i always just took this to be understood as the local language of the places ' term for what i call billion , not as a still maintained alternative number system . 
  many of us still know it , it 's just not used anymore . 
  it does n't really matter , the word trillian covers the long scale billion just fine , and it 's not like anyone has a need for numbers bigger than that who does n't use scientific notation . 
   i doubt scots give a shit about all this . 
  some of us do . 
  i disagree with your observation , but whatever . 
  you are a complete and utter idiot . 
  it 's an interview , she 's being honest upon being asked a question . 
   your an idiot if you think greece only trades olives , cheese and wine . 
  . there are hundreds of different types of industries , yes many of them are food items but that is not a bad thing . 
  the point is that greece does n't generate much value , which is the entire reason they 're in the mess they 're in - living like dutch people with an income between italy and slovenia . 
  unfortunately many are . 
  i just wish they 'd flee to their beloved bric countries and enjoy the wonderful super-high quality life which they 'd certainly have if they escaped the evil european empire . 
  there 's also the issue that greece is largely powered by russian gas , and the russians do n't accept feta cheese as payment for their precious fossil-farts , so it 's pretty much a case of greece not being able to keep the lights on . 
  the brics might be happy to trade with a post-implosion greece , but they wo n't just give their resources away , and greece wo n't be able to afford them . 
   the problem is that many people ( not just in greece , but i think this is true for every democracy ) do n't fully understand the effects of the actions of their government , they just decide by the ( short-term ) ` results ' their government produces . 
  not to sound uncaring , but whose fault is that ? 
  i agree , and i think it 's a problem , but voters are adults - individuals should take responsibility for their lives , and for their collective part in making their government . 
   it is only after people see the long-term effects of government policies that they realize they were wrong . 
  that should n't be the case . 
  a government should be accountable , and should be open . 
  in the case of the greeks , they did get unlucky to an extent by voting in crook after crook who actually lied , and those guys should go to jail , but the fact is , the greek people * did * vote them in in the first place . 
  i see what you mean , but consider who elected the governments . 
   how are they going to pay their taxes ? 
  i do n't think that was a problem for many greek people in the first place , 
   greeks will not like these words . 
  it 's a hard pill to swallow , but the fact that it might change what greeks support does n't stop it being true . 
   and that 's very fine according to my opinion . 
  you believe in jailing politicians who act in ways you disagree with ? 
   she sold ukraine into slavery to russia . 
  i do n't see how you can really justify saying this . 
  she made an agreement with russia which got the gas turned back on , solved the crisis , removed the bill which gazprom were trying to force upon ukraine , and gave a 1 year discount before a price rise to market rates . 
   oh , c'mon there are really some who sympathize with russia . 
  but the idea of the eu quality of life is much more attractive to the country as a whole ( as in the east , as well in the west ) . 
  yanukovych is the man in power , and he 's hardly pro-west . 
  tymoshenko is in prison , things are already * not * fine according to many an ukrainian person 's opinion . 
  i worry , the russians are itching to rebuild a little empire of cis states , and with half of the country seemingly to be so fervently pro-russia , i ca n't see a way in which everything * could * turn out fine . 
   america is already very politically close with one european country , the uk , we 're not nearly as close as some people perceive us to be . 
  it 's not about the language per se though is it , it 's about the acceptance of culture , codifying a pro-russian stance . 
  i think that unless something big happens , ukraine is going to split . 
  i have a ukrainian friend who 's not optimistic about the possibilities either . 
  must try harder . 
  we were . 
  many people do n't know , but gordon brown has no sight in his left eye , and only 30 % sight in his right eye . 
  this lead a man , who i wo n't grace with the designation `` comedian '' to make a joke about the `` one eyed scottish git '' which some people like indirectapproach2 seem to think is a valid form of criticism of the man . 
  what 's confusing ? 
  i 'm not suggesting racism as a solution to any problem , i 'm explaining it as a product of many bad experiences , which i 'd attribute in large part to the culture , not the skin colour or genetics . 
  yes , there are exceptions , the little groups you point out , but so what ? 
  that does n't change the fact that overall the majority of roma are leading unproductive , low hdi , high crime lives . 
  these are just the facts , what approach we take in possession of the facts is up to us , but they need to be recognised , and solutions to the problems of the roma ( which become the problems of everyone ) need to be found . 
  the key point there though , and the point without which the other two could n't occur , is that many people have had issues with gypsies . 
  this is a problem , both for the individuals , and looking at roma life outcomes , is n't a lifestyle which is working out too well for them . 
  i think that we should be aiming to improve this situation . 
   yes , it 's paternal . 
  what is paternal ? 
  what is the essence we 're talking about here ? 
  it 's not religion , you can be roma and be of different religions . 
  it 's not race , for the concept is nonsense . 
  is it culture ? 
  possibly . 
  you choose your culture though . 
   well roma culture is n't necessarily bad , it 's just that some parts of it are , just like any culture . 
  the question is n't whether no part is , or all is ( for the dichotomy is false , and both options wrong ) - the question is , how much is rotten , and can it be fixed at this point , can the culture adapt ( as it has so far spectacularly failed to do ) or does it need to be abandoned all together . 
   i do n't know , i 'd love the opportunity to not be a part of this horrendous system . 
  i do n't think it 's a question of `` fixing them '' , because our culture is broken and flawed - sure maybe a few roma do n't work or steal judging by the prevalence of negative personal experiences , it 's not `` a few '' . 
  to be honest , i think the question is very much of how to fix roma culture ( or even , whether to ) . 
  it 's a broken culture which , before the modern aspects were introduced , was suited to a pre-industrial society . 
   white western culture is arguably the most damaging , immoral , unethical culture out there in terms of real damage . 
  i disagree ( with the term `` white culture '' especially ) , but this does n't have to be about white culture , i 'm not saying that roma need to become like some guy called hans from hamburg who works in a factory and goes to church , just that some change is clearly needed . 
  you 're not doing a very good job either . 
  does n't it strike you as notable that in a subreddit which has a cross section of people from a union of 500 million people , the overarching opinion of roma is very , very negative . 
  does n't it occur to you that there must be a reason ( like bad individual experiences ) behind these negative impressions ? 
  that does n't make generalisation accurate , but for a collection of people to have such a low opinion held of them seems worthy of some debate and discussion as to what problems exist , not just someone writing off any discussion as nazi propaganda . 
   what the fuck , dude ? 
  of course they are , there a huge amounts of `` integrated '' romas are they still roma when they 're integrated though ? 
  i do n't know that they are . 
  i 'm not fond of using genetic divisions , so i tend to go by culture . 
  do people who were roma who settle down and integrate and become like any other person of that country remain roma ? 
  it 's a valid question at the least . 
   but they usually hide the fact that they are roma because of people 's attitude to romas . 
  perhaps so . 
  but as the statistics say , among proper travelling roma , 1/3rd have a job , and only 3/20 finished their education . 
  there is something very , * very * wrong with the roma of europe , and that something needs to be pin pointed , figured out , and fixed . 
  oh well , rescinded , my apologies , 
  you have n't even tried , though . 
  racism as * i * define it , i agree , is inherently irrational . 
  but since you appear to believe that hatred of a culture constitutes racism , i think you at least need to explain why you believe this to be unjustified . 
  as discussed elsewhere in this thread i do n't think i agree that the term racism broadly applies to the phenomena in this thread . 
  regardless of the term utilised though , you need to make an attempt to argue as to why people are wrong if you want to stand any chance of being listened to . 
  too much of this attitude of using shame as a cure has resulted in a great many people both in this thread and in europe in general just saying `` fuck it , well if that makes me racist then i 'm racist '' and they just stop caring completely . 
  that is not something to be desired imo , because once they 're under that label they may well actually start living up to what it really means . 
  i actually happen to disagree with you . 
  i think your average racist does believe that people of a certain colour are physically , inherently , inferior .
