  also , russia has a larger defense budget than any european nation so i 'm not sure what you were referring to . 
  i 'm hoping you were n't referring to the combined sum spent by eu militaries because that can most certainly not be taken as a comparison with a single militaries expenditure . 
  even ignoring the ppp aspect , 28 militaries have massive duplication compared with one . 
  what is the service rifle of the the russian ground forces - the ak74m . 
  what is the service rifle of the eu - the steyr aug , sa80 , g3 , g36 , famas , fnc , c8 , ar70 , m96 , hk416 , ak5 , rk95 , ak4 , 96 beryl , vz58 , sig 550 , f2000 , vhs , ak63 , ak74 , and the pa md 86 . 
  repeat that for almost every single aspect of eu procurement . 
  not to mention the duplication in manpower/training/facilities , the varying standards , the money essentially wasted on some of the militaries which act far more as social welfare than as any serious fighting group . 
  german subs would have to catch a cbg before they could sink it . 
  the 212 ca n't keep up with any cbg in existence . 
  there 's a difference between seeing if a sub can sneak past a defensive ring in a static training exercise and actually tracking down , catching up with , and taking down a carrier . 
  i 'm not saying that it wo n't or could n't happen , submarines are a massive threat to carriers , but it 's not a simple thing . 
  yeah , i could have , you 're right . 
  the thing is there 's an awful lot more to modern naval tactics than just `` oh that missile there has a big nominal range so anything in its bubble is kill '' , and a carrier battle group has a lot of assets dedicated to stopping anything finding it and killing it . 
  there are a lot of people these days reading `` oh look china/russia has missile with big nominal range , carriers = useless now '' and it 's just not that simple . 
  to get a proper picture of this you 'd need to read into modern naval strategy and tactics , learn about modern ashms , learn about the radar involved , the many different kinds of sam , how they 're deployed and used by each different asset in the chain , terminal defense , and so on and so forth . 
  naval strategy is n't rock paper scissors , it 's a slowly evolving field where there is no magic bullet , and ashms certainly are n't that magic bullet even if it * could * exist . 
  so , basically , i guess my not so polite post was suggesting that you withhold your opinion on the matter because i 'm not sure you 're qualified to make the judgement of whether carriers are or are not useful . 
  apologies for being impolite though . 
  europe * has * to buy russia 's shit . 
  it did n't stop them in georgia , or ukraine . 
  we 'd have probably lost , that or nuked them . 
  ze german further up does n't have a clue what he/she is talking about , so i guess it 's probably best to ignore him/her . 
  ah , sorry fleet admiral , i did n't recognise you there . 
  you do n't know nearly enough about this to say things like what you 're saying . 
  that only works if they think they ca n't achieve their goals without unacceptable cost , and that 's not necessarily true . 
  corruption man ... they 're all corrupt . 
  taking kickbacks from dog-factories . 
  are you serious ? 
  look at the political landscape in russia properly , it 's terrifying !, 
  there are almost no moderates left to take over once vlad vlad goes , and he 's been keeping some of the crazier nationalist elements in check . 
  part of what worries lots of people about putin is that despite how terrible he is , he 's quite possibly the most rational , non-aggressive , sane leader we 're going to have in russia for quite some time . 
  who replaces him is a very worrying thought , and that could be an extremely dangerous time for europe . 
   like you need a supercarrier for defense ... would you rather fight on our land or theirs ? 
  we 're not in the age of swords and shields anymore , if the eu were to be invaded you need logistic and projection abilities to be able to meet the enemy where they are , disrupt their logistics , and attack their forward operating locations or home bases if possible . 
  it 's not a sammich fam . 
  no more than a burger is , and burgers are n't sandwiches . 
  do you lads even bother eating at half time or is it straight to the pints by that point ? 
   jesus , we spend a lot of money on defending ourselves . 
  foundational though innit fam ? 
  to be a state you need some form of government , internal and external defense . 
  nothing else is a necessary requirement for qualification as a state , but without any of those three requirements you are * not * a state . 
  you can just call it tikka masala , it was invented in the uk ( like , genuinely ) . 
  all culture is just learned from one and other though , we british do a fantastic job with making haute couture , germanic technik , and nordic design into our own things . 
  we even have some anglo-greek marbles in our museums , showing we learned something from the ottomans/greeks . 
  truly we are the borg . 
  who does n't like curry ?!, 
  you 'd think that after 4 centuries of turkish occupation greece would have learned how to make good food , but there we go !, 
  i mean , no . 
  if you said `` the north of ireland '' you 'd be giving something a proper name ( although not a country that has that name !, 
  ) , but `` north '' is an adjective describing something , and ireland is an island and a country , since you 're plainly not talking about the country alone you must be talking about the island , but the northern most point of ireland is in the country of ireland ... so ... why not just call it ni ? 
  you said `` the north of ireland '' , not northern ireland , that 's all . 
  it would just make sense that you were talking in geographic terms since you presumably were n't referring to the north of the roi , and you were n't referring to ni ( or rather , were , but just without using its actual name ) . 
  just seems a bit like someone saying `` the north of england '' to refer to southern scotland , when scotland has an actual name already . 
  you said `` the north of ireland '' . 
  donegal is in the north , in fact it 's the most far north part of the island i believe , no ? 
  pretty sure donegal did n't vote mate so not all of the north of ireland voted either way . 
   it 's fairly simple economics . 
  * goes on to demonstrate a complete lack of understanding of fundamental economics * gg . 
  it 's an improvement on what we had before though ... 
  british rail was a disaster though , a lot of the people who seem to want it back never had to actually use it . 
  it was dire . 
  people are always gon na downvote french people complaining about language , the same way people always downvote british people saying our food does n't suck ( even though it mostly does ) . 
  would n't worry . 
  certainly , not to sound snobbish , but most educated people who 've done the usual british person level smattering of secondary school french would say msf rather that dwb . 
  in my experience we do * tend * to say it as msf in the uk in every day discussion , think dwb is an n.a. 
  thing . 
  confused.com ... 
  almost certainly . 
  disposable income is a term in economics which means income net of mandatory reductions ( e.g taxes ) . 
  it 's been misused so much that lay people now take it to mean income left over after rent and bills have been paid , or rent and bills and essential goods . 
  mmm , yeah fair play , i suppose the sinti would count as gypsies too . 
  but this is prior to housing costs , also . 
  disposable income , despite generally being used by individuals to refer to money left after taxes , housing , bills , etc. , technically refers to money left after taxation , so is pretty much equivalent to net income prior to any expenditure by the individual . 
  gypsies `` technically '' would refer to roma travellers from central europe , but yeah a lot of folk would call irish travellers gypsies ( and much worse ) . 
  yeah , eating out in finland kind of sucks balls . 
  [ britain right now ] ( http://media1.giphy.com/media/bhy3ak18zsjey/giphy.gif ) hope our soap making plan goes well :(, 
  they built one in borodino too but it was made out of frogs : o. 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but when the rapist-murderer grabs you and tells you that they 'll kill you if you fight back and scream , you can either take your chances doing so , or you can die after being raped a few days later . 
  if russia wants to take georgia and georgia doing anything to stop that then the country is already lost . 
  if the risk of fighting is that you * might * lose then that 's still much better odds than not fighting at all . 
  russia should be treated as ww2 germany behaved . 
  do not appease , do not give one inch . 
  do not expect them to stop , do not expect them to be reasonable . 
  if you 're prepared to play a game in an order of centuries , then you 're probably right , so long as your people keep that fire alive . 
  that said , keep in mind that much of western anatolia was helenic fo a very long time , and the ottomans/turks are n't likely to be giving that back to the greek city states any time soon . 
  it all comes back to the america obsession with russians though does n't it ? 
  it 's the largest chip-on-shoulder the world has ever seen . 
  russians have spent nearly the last century trying to be equal to america , as good as it , perhaps even better than it , have never once come close to succeeding , but want nothing more than to at least be considered equals with the great evil ^ tm one , at least . 
  it 's a really messed up national psyche thing . 
  even if everything in russia is shit , so * long * as it 's somehow considered an equal to the usa and is the `` no. 2 but we can pretend joint first if we try hard enough '' country in the world then things are alright , even though russia is just a middle european economy with many many issues and a penchant for corruption , over-dependence on natural resource , and the pathological need to beat up its neighbours to prove how much of a man it is . 
  i would n't expect the citizenry to deal with this at all really . 
  where are the georgian armed forces ? 
  you 've got a hostile neighbour to the north , taking your territory by force . 
  even if south ossetia is lost , and it * is * lost , why are there not military deployed along the new de facto border to prevent this kind of thing ? 
  russia has learned how to deal with the threat of western retaliation , if they can do something under the radar then the west will not intervene as western public opinion needs a reasonably high level of cassus belli for the public to consent to war . 
  the only way to avoid this or to gain that level of cassus belli would be for the gaf to actually stand their ground , potentially start a war but a very obviously defensive one , and to gain enough support in the west that it be helped . 
  sooner or later we 're going to have to deal with russia , clearly , since they 're incapable of behaving in a grown up manner . 
  i would hope that georgia still exists as a country when that finally comes to pass . 
  ` eh , paris ai n't france any more than london is the uk . 
  no worries .
