oil and giant seagulls . 
  there 's a very big difference between traditional aircraft carriers and the mistral class . 
  why ? 
  it is capitalist , of course , it 's jjust not `` unrestricted capitalism '' or even close to that . 
  seconding this . 
  i have an affinity for portuguese people for some reason . 
  not sure where it came from , but i have warm fuzzy irrational feelings about you all . 
  flag of the eu , surely , or the council of europe ? 
  # 31 per square meter per month is the average in london . 
  that 's actually a surprisingly high amount , # 560 p/m . 
  i thought you could live on that quite well in most of poland . 
  a culture of complacency , mixed with a lot of very corrupt and incompetent politicians . 
  a lot of people in greece were doing quite well out of the old system . 
  students got generous grants and loans , government workers got paid for 13 months salary per year ( i 'm not kidding here ) . 
  there were all sorts of government positions which were essentially created as favours to people to pay them a state salary for doing no work ( off the top of my head , i recall there was someone put in charge of a tiny lake , not much bigger than a pond - no work , but they got a government salary from it ) . 
  on top of this , there was a culture of `` only idiots pay taxes '' . 
  in 2009 25 % of their economy was black market ( i.e. , no taxes paid ) . 
  back in 2005 the estimate for tax avoidance was 49 % - so basically half the country were n't paying their taxes . 
  what do you get when you have a population which does n't want to pay its taxes , but wants to maintain its generous state handout system ? 
  obviously , this creates a problem . 
  now ordinarily this is where politicans would step in and say `` well you ca n't have it all ways '' - however the greek political class was largely composed of self-serving bastards who did n't really care how they kept power , so long as they did keep power - so instead of telling the population `` hold on a minute , this situation is completely untenable '' , and risk being voted out of power , they instead simply said `` you can have everything you want and more ! '', 
  and borrowed as much money as they needed , passing the problem onto the next government . 
  the next government would get in , and would do exactly the same thing . 
  this got so bad that the greeks were borrowing money secretly and lying to everyone about how bad their debts were , until eventually a government which was n't criminally negligent and insane came into power , and revealed the very very scary truth to everyone , that greece was essentially bankrupt , in catastrophic amounts of debt , had far less income than it needed , and had outgoings far in excess of what it could even theoretically afford . 
  it 's all to do with the euro . 
  greece did n't have a particularly sound credit rating , so before they were part of the euro , when they borrowed money it was expensive . 
  this limited how much they borrowed . 
  once greece ( and all other nations ) adopted the euro they got a communal credit rating ( this is a simplification but run with it ) . 
  this allowed greece to borrow money much more cheaply , which they did , to a huge extent . 
  so greece was borrowing money as if it had the economy of germany , but it does n't , it has the economy of greece . 
  they hid how much they were borrowing from the world , pretending that they were running at a deficit of about 5 % , when they were running at a deficit of over 10 % ( that is , they were spending 10 % more money each year than they were earning ) . 
  this went on for a few years before a new government came in and they realised they had to actually admit to the world that they 'd gotten themselves * very * deep in debt which they were not going to be able to pay back , and this kicked off the whole sovereign debt crisis . 
  they were n't being given money , they were borrowing * huge * amounts of it , lying to the eu and the world about the fact that they were borrowing as much as they were , and then when the recession hit they knew they were n't going to be able to pay it back , so we all had to bail them out with gigantic loans . 
  and the other 1/10th , the actual legal view on the issue , also backs up our claim . 
  the greeks appear to think they were actually stolen , when in fact elgin was granted a permit to remove them by the government at the time . 
  greece ruined greece , the euro just made it possible for them to cheat more effectively . 
  greece began as a basket case , the money we 've spent there has just been to stop it getting worse . 
  not sure if sarcasm ... 
  i 've plenty of spanish wine , some good some bad . 
  you ca n't really generalise too much . 
  spain has loads of good wine and loads of cheap wine . 
  italy has the same , france the same . 
   is that why the rest of the marbles , the ones that he did n't take , are still preserved ? 
  that their destruction was halted prior to its completion is not an argument against what he did at the time . 
   yea right.saving something = / = keeping it . 
  you 're confused.the fact is that if you return the marbles , you 'll have to return everything else , because you have no history and the british museum is a collection of stolen stuff from egypt , greece etc. 
  it 's really pathetic lol . 
  we have no history ? 
  that 's a pitiful attempt at an insult when aimed at the uk . 
  it 's not about `` returning '' anything else - it 's simply the case that there is no evident reason to send the marbles to greece . 
  they 're the lawful property of the british state . 
   i think that is just a scummy way to go about it , is all . 
  sorry , what 's a less scummy way to go about what ? 
   athens was a ghost town during the ottoman empire period , with less than 1-2 ,000 greek residents . 
  the majority of greeks had fled to the greek islands and mountains/rough terrain of southern greece and they had no say in this purchase . 
  maybe true , but that was n't because the athenians were n't present , it was because greece did n't belong to the athenians , or to any other greeks for those years . 
  it was a part of the ottoman empire and belonged to them . 
  as it was , we did n't purchase the elgin marbles . 
  lord elgin got permission to excavate them from the area by the government , and did so with his own money to bring them back to the safety of the uk . 
  once there , he eventually managed to get the uk government to buy them off him , although he remained impoverished for the rest of his life as a result of having spent his fortune on the excavation . 
  well , yes and no . 
  legitimate in the moral sense ? 
  i agree . 
  legitimate in a legal sense though ? 
  well that 's complicated because history has seen constantly changing rules and international norms . 
  the ottoman empire ruled greece for over 300 years . 
  that 's 60 years longer than the us has existed for currently . 
  it was pretty legitimate  if the germans had defeated us in ww1 , and then in the early 2200 's the jewels were at threat of destruction , i would n't blame any concerned individuals for saving them , nor for approaching the current government of britain for permission to do so at the time . 
   did you watch stephen fry 's video i linked ? 
  he explains the `` pro-return '' side perfectly and clearly . 
  i just do n't see much of an argument there . 
  he says lots of nice things about greece , and accuses a 300 year government of not being the legitimate ruler of a region ( which is patently absurd regardless of how soon after this happened the greeks formed their own country ) , and that seems to be about it in terms of arguments for sending the marbles to greece . 
   the fact is that you can return the marbles to the new state of the art athens acropolis museum which was built in reaction of english claims that the marbles would not be safe in greece . 
  why would we though ? 
  i mean ... i 'm not really hearing any sort of argument as to why we would do such a thing . 
   also greeks are not raised to think of `` evil brits '' oh i know , i was n't meaning that greeks are raised to hate all brits in general , but just that greeks are raised with the narrative of the evil lord elgin stealing artefacts and the nasty british establishment refusing to give back what 's `` rightfully '' greek . 
  if greece had any sort of case here it could be brought in front of international courts , however possession of the marbles is totally legal , and by the book . 
   seriously ? 
   he stole the marbles once the greek independence war begun it 's not theft if you have permission . 
   and he made this `` deal '' with the occupiers and not the greeks . 
  they 'd been the legitimate government of greece for 300 years at the time , it 's not like the ottomans had just popped in for a decade . 
   your point about `` saving '' the marbles would make sense if not for the fact that the remaining marbles/artifacts/etc in greece are in better condition than the ones in england . 
  at the time the sculptures and works were being destroyed , and lord elgin desired their preservation so acted to ensure it . 
   you stole the marbles , do n't bullshit with false moralism like you did greece a favor . 
  no-one was trying to do greece a favour , what 's been done did the world a favour by securing the long term maintance and security of important artefacts of history . 
  to call it theft is to be willfully ignorant of the law . 
   i do not blame english people for stealing the marbles , but i really hate the false moralism of those like you who defend the theft . 
  firstly , lord elgin was scottish , not english , and secondly , as i 've said already it was n't theft - to call it theft makes you look ignorant of the legal situation . 
  i know you guys are all raised to be taught about the evil brits who stole your cultural history - but the removal of the elgin marbles was perfectly legal , done with fully good intentions by a man who died poor as a result of spending all his money on saving the works , and they have been and will continue to be preserved in the best possible way in the british museum for all future generations . 
  france claims france does thing france likes doing the most . 
  colour me surprised , froggy , colour me surprised :p, 
  what you mean the chap who saved the elgin marbles with permission from the local government ? 
  meh , fair enough , i do n't really see that producing the most of anything necessarily makes a country the best necessarily ( not to say french wine is n't ) . 
  is the netherlands so bereft of cheese selections that goat cheese can be considered to be a single cheese , rather than an entire category of cheese ? 
  i would have assumed that you 'd be able to buy at least three or four different kinds there . 
  perhaps it was mangled in translation to english , but him saying :  did he forget that france is the first producer of wine worldwide ?!!!, 
  implies that france was the first nation/part of the world to produce wine in history , which is incorrect . 
  even by volume though , france is most likely not producing most . 
  italy was , and as of march this year it was being reported that spain had overtaken both italy and france http://www.thedrinksbusiness.com/2014/03/spain-becomes-worlds-biggest-wine-producer/, 
  perhaps he did , although he 'd be wrong there too .
