  any of them who are n't from states bordering the eu should n't be applying for asylum in the eu , since they have other neighbouring nations to apply to . 
  political asylum is for people being persecuted in their home countries , not a `` you had a shit time so now you get to pick your favourite country '' game . 
  if they 're not verifiably libyan , or tunisian , etc. 
  then i 'd quite happily send people back to the country where they left off from , or our best guess at that . 
  if they have their papers , and are from a nation bordering the eu , sure , let 's hear them out and give them a chance to apply for asylum - but lets face it , boat people are mostly economic migrants , and they 're all trying to gain entry to the eu illegally . 
  in essence , illegal until we choose to say they 're not . 
  starting a war ? 
  tunisia ... starting a war ... with the eu ? 
  are you high ? 
  i 'm proposing that illegal immigrants which we pick up at sea , which we 're required to do by maritime law , be taken south and dropped off at the beaches , rather than taken north . 
  it 's not that insane a solution . 
  why are we now calling them `` migrants '' ? 
  they 're illegal immigrants . 
  they have no papers for eu nations , they are trying to sneak in and live here illegally , they 're not migrants . 
  well , you could just start dumping them in whichever north african country you felt like . 
  i 'm sure tunisia would care a bit more about illegals leaving from its shores if it found that it was having tens of thousands of them dumped on its territory every few weeks . 
  it all depends how you view the situation . 
  some look at it as `` let a few thousand migrants in , what harm 's it really going to do to a federation of 500 million people ? '', 
  while others think `` if we 're going to let anyone in we 'll have half of africa here in a few decades and europe as we know it will be utterly destroyed '' . 
  if you take the first view then you think saving migrants is a good idea , if you take the second view , migrants are n't just harmless people who 're breaking a few laws and trying to sneak into the eu , they 're a threat to our way of life and hence , by extention , an unintentional enemy . 
  ukip are n't racist you stupid fuck . 
  their coach is like ... actually brown . 
  racism from southern europeans confuses me ... it 's like they all do n't have mirrors or something . 
  generally the same thing , but yes to an extent . 
  they 're not really referring to some student from belgium who studies russian langauge at university though . 
  they 're not actually russians , most of them . 
  they 're ethnically russian , but that 's it . 
  oh my goodness people , read the actual bloody context of what he said . 
  it 's perfectly blood clear that he has a personal affinity for imperial measurements but this is not some serious policy statement or anything of the sort , just the man 's personal feelings on something he was asked a question about . 
  god damn the guardian really feeds eu hatred of us . 
  between february 30th but before the start of march . 
  the uk ca n't cos most of the eu already write us off as being evil war mongering puppets of the us . 
  us saying spend more on defense would be taken like the french telling everyone else to spend more on wine , but worse . 
  which is why germany is tearing down a green town , in order to get at even more lignite ? 
  i 'm on my phone so i do n't have access to coal usage figures right now but i am really quite sure that coal usage is up massively since the nuclear shut down , and i 'll add figures when i 'm on a computer . 
  the germans are currently using record amounts of brown ( dirty ) coal . 
  possibly the best case scenario at this point , both for the us and for future eu defense . 
  dunno about that , you have really lovely homeless people . 
  oh right . 
  i wonder if he draws the same salary as the rest of them . 
  why is he so poorly dressed ? 
  quieter  i grew up at the top of britain in one of the light yellow `` under 20 '' parts , and it 's quite different . 
  not seeing humans for days does n't seem like an abnormal thing . 
  it 's extremely expensive due to having the oil industry . 
  uk average salary is about # 26,500 a year . 
  oil industry average salary is about # 70,000 a year . 
  most people in aberdeen work in the oil industry or something connected to it . 
  murican is n't a langauge . 
   as for cushy 1st world lives , 33 % of children in glasgow are living in poverty , we have one of the lowest life expectancies of any city in europe and is on par with ghana . 
  mate lets face it , that 's because glasgow 's a fucked up city full of obese people and junkies . 
  i 'd actually consider supporting an independent scotland if we could just cut out the glasgow metro area . 
  the city brings every stat we have in this nation down . 
  i do like the city , and i think it 's got a lot of potential , but i do n't have much time for people who whine about the english `` keeping us down '' or similar nonsense . 
  it * really * depends where you live with the uk i think , because london , the south east region , and aberdeen skew all the figures for the rest of the country . 
  there are places in the uk where you could barely scrape by while earning the national average salary there are other places where you could live very nicely on the national average salary . 
  it 's really quite hard to generalise about the uk because while of course while a pint of milk will cost basically the same across the uk , housing and transport costs are such a big part of expenditure here and they vary to an insane degree by region . 
  ( in the city two hours south of my city , flats are literally half the price to rent as they are in my city ) . 
  neither do i , but having a quick look , there 's about # 5 difference per week between jsa and german unemployment benefits if i were to go onto them . 
  not a huge difference . 
  plenty of nations still use imperial and other archaic units - but no english speaking country uses long form scales anymore . 
  the uk used and i think we were the last country to do so but we abandoned it . 
  no-one uses the long scale in english any more though so there is no confusion . 
   this is the great neoliberal lie . 
  the austerity folks wants you to believe that cutting public spending is the only way to increase revenue . 
  nobody claims austerity increases revenue , they claim that it decreases expenditure , which it does . 
   nationalize major companies so that their profit might be used to finance the welfare state . 
  you mean like british coal did ? 
   increase taxation of corporations . 
  i should remind you that the very same people who are calling for cuts in public spending to increase revenue are spending that extra money on cutting taxes for corporations . 
  yeah lets just ramp it up to 100 % , s ` not like corporations happily base themselves in countries with low corporate taxation or anything , or as if we have an english speaking neighbour with a corporate tax rate which is already half of ours already . 
   we 're doing worse than the majority of europe at it while having a shitton more money . 
  that 's definitely not true , there 's a reason that migrants from north africa desire to come all the way through europe to get to the uk . 
  further , our taxes are lower than much of northern europe . 
   the uk is one of the most unequal societies in europe that has little bearing on the efficacy of our welfare state . 
   and has more children at risk of poverty than lithuania poverty by whose standard ? 
   it 's estimated several hundred thousand more children will be in poverty by 2020 . 
  to call the metric used in this case `` poverty '' is absurd . 
  well , civil wars/ato 's whatever you want to call this are n't going to be clean . 
  the uk . 
   the british government has continually cut the scotland budget over the years care to back that up with a source mate because my bullshit meter is on full alert . 
  you mean in glasgow ? 
  uh , how did i come into this ? 
   your household budget . 
  i 'm confused how household budgets came into this discussion , could you explain ? 
   read this `` the case against austerity today '' seems like they pretty much agree with what the government has actually done . 
  massive stimulus followed by austerity . 
  we 've barely started austerity in this nation - most of the protests over the last few years against `` austerity '' have completely ignored the fact that government spending spiked hugely during the recession and that they were spending more than they ever had before . 
  i found it all quite funny to be honest . 
  we are doing pretty damn well at it . 
  the thing about welfare systems is that it 's impossible to make one in which people do n't fall through the cracks . 
  you can try , but the closer you approach to this the more you spend per person , and there are diminishing returns . 
  inevitably any welfare system is going to have people who fall through the net , and that 's unfortunate but it is an inevitability . 
  the decision which we do control is to what extent do we want the system to compensate those who need , and to what extent are we prepared to allow people who maybe do n't need to access welfare benefits . 
  grabbing some quick figures , a year ago there were about 1.5 million people receiving jsa . 
  that is , we have a system in which 1.5 million people who would otherwise mostly have no way of feeding , clothing , or housing themselves , are being given money every week so that they can do so . 
  i could go on with loads more examples which show how effectively our system is working on the whole , but i expect i do n't need to . 
  i 've seen plenty of russians express sorrow that russia was n't `` strong enough '' to `` protect '' serbia from our western aggression . 
  it 's ... mind boggling . 
  but amerikkka , iraq , afghanistan . 
  now you have to stop talking because i 've pointed out widely unpopular things your country has done and so you must now be mute .
