  that would chongqing then shanghai , by city limits , or by municipality area . 
  tokyo does compose the largest metro area though , i agree . 
   i 've never felt unsafe in the slightest ever good to know . 
  anecdotal evidence is better than none at all . 
  i mentioned 3 nations out of 54 and that counts as `` pumping '' the commonwealth ? 
  have a look at this here map : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/51/commonwealth_of_nations.svg/1000px-commonwealth_of_nations.svg.png most of the commonwealth nations are hardly what you 'd call safe and peaceful . 
  not been there , basing my estimations purely upon statistics and impressions - that said , it does seem rare for japanese cities to appear in the safest city lists . 
  quiet little villages are quiet by virtue of their size . 
  aye , it has the lowest homicide rate in the world , or at least close ( stats vary ) . 
  that said , homicide rates are n't everything , there 's other violent crime , robbery , rape , kidnapping , assault , hijacking ... the list goes on and on . 
  as i said elsewhere , it 's a tough challenge to start equivocating these things , but perhaps big japanese cities have a great deal of theft , as they rarely seem to make it into the lists of safest cities ( with the possible exception of tokyo ) . 
   take racism in ukraine . 
  if you had to go by the pre-euros media in western europe , you would think it was all anarchy and fascism in ukraine , but it turned out to be fine , at least for the duration of the euros . 
  a complicated example - the media coverage of the racism there was pretty dire , not because they missed it , but because they found it was there in some circumstances and failed to realise that it would n't be there in all circumstances . 
  as you say though , it 's true that stats and anecdote are hard to reconcile and that stats are hard to normalise . 
  i mean , say a place has 10 murders per million people/year , does that make it more or less safe than a place with no murders per million people/year but 2000 armed robberies per million people/year ? 
  hard to equivocate different forms of crime , essentially one needs to score them , but then scores would vary . 
  while many would prefer to live in a city in which there are 5 murders per year but no other violent crime , others would rather live in a country with 5000 robberies and 2000 minor assaults per year but no murder . 
  because no-one cares about some village where 17 people live ? 
  high knife crime but that 's about it . 
  glasgow 's always felt safe to me - and the only bother i 've ever heard of anyone getting into there was a couple of neds trying to nick my brothers pizza ( they failed ) . 
  i really think the glasgow crime thing is massively blown out of proportion . 
  the right to defend your property , in many places . 
  indeed , i also googled but could only find raw stats and do n't have the time to make country comparisons . 
  i do get the impression that chile especially is the safest and easiest sa country to live in , but then again that 's not saying a huge amount given that sa compared to eu seems hugely dangerous . 
  i do n't think japan is as safe as might be imagined . 
  korea perhaps , do n't know much about it . 
  while i do n't think chile is a warzone , i ca n't imagine it 's like most of europe where you can generally just walk around without fear in most places . 
  perhaps though , i do n't know . 
  edit : so hostile reddit , i wish that we could have polite conversation instead of just downvoting people 's opinions because we do n't like them ... 
  is anyone in the slightest surprised that 7/10 would be in europe ? 
  i ca n't say i am . 
  apart from aus/nz/can it seems like no-where else would stand a chance of being as peaceful and safe . 
   look up east hastings buddy , here 's a hint , when everyone in the western half of the second largest country in the world has to quote the same damn street every time they want to describe a place with a `` terrible '' drug problem , you 're really not that badly off  christ , i 've heard people from the ** east ** say `` stay away from east hastings , that place is really dangerous '' - well i took a walk along , it 's not that bad . 
  full of drugs and homeless people , sure , but seriously , it pales in comparison to the city of 200,000 i live in now in northern europe for that stuff . 
  i 'm quite concerned by the fact that it 's being considered that it may not use standard gauge . 
  the eu needs to work toward moving to a single rail gauge , and not build more and more of a two type system . 
   norway has only good traiuns from rygge to oslo . 
  indeed so . 
  that said , norway is not in the eu . 
  also , floridia was recently denied the federal funding required for the high speed rail - i think there 's a massive political impasse in the us with a lack of desire for expensive fast rail projects . 
  comparing the us and eu for the time being , the eu has 7700 km of high speed rail - the us has ... well none . 
  the acela express is capable , but travels at something like 70 mph because it 's sitting on crappy old tracks . 
  so yeah , big difference for the time being . 
  here 's hoping for the sake of our american buddies that they can get the politics and start getting some proper railways . 
  people complain a lot but that 's britain , overall , pretty damn good , 
  hey now , do n't knock finland , it 's beautiful and awesome - never have i been a country where a cabin with a wood sauna besides your own lake is a more commonly owned thing . 
  many similar stereotypes exist about germans , trust me , 
  main squares are almost always a bad deal so this goes for just about every city ever . 
  absolutely , although i believe plans for this are underway , albeit slow plans . 
  they have to be run well , and unfortunately in quite a few countries in the eu the railways have been run absolutely terribly . 
  there was a recent bbc piece about how it was almost more cost effective to get a taxi from athens to thessaloniki than to get a train . 
  in systems that inefficient , if it ca n't be reformed , it must be closed . 
  not entirely your fault . 
  our economic output per unit of land is 2.54 times greater than yours . 
  we 've got a population of 500 million people in less than half the space you guys are barely pushing 320 million in , so it 's inevitable that your long distance infrastructure is less efficient monetarily and therefore likely to be less invested in , and of course therefore less good . 
  this this this . 
  the biggest achievement we could manage infrastructure wise in the 21st century , in my mind at least , would be to reach a stage where you can go from any mainland eu capitol to any other within at most 8 hours , by train . 
  if we can get this continent hooked up at 400 km/h then we 'll really have achieved something magnificent . 
  good news . 
  the faster we get the entire eu 's rail network upgraded the awesomer we ca be . 
  at least slightly less than `` finding '' lots of oil in other people 's countries , by the looks of things , 
  never enough ... 
   so i guess it 's ok for them to play world police . 
  brb , gon na spy on some british , we have to protect you from your extremists . 
  all foreign intelligence agencies do that . 
  almost every country in europe has an equivalent agency doing similar things , most of the countries around the world which are advanced and wealthy enough have one too . 
  this is not something unique to the united states . 
  if you think we 're not spying on you , and you 're not spying on , say , some people in spain , you 're deluded . 
   lol , not really , i mean , it just strikes me as odd that they 'd be spying here . 
  after all , denmark has a great alliance and partnership with the us . 
  * denmark * has a great alliance , sure , that does n't mean everyone * in * denmark has a great alliance with the us . 
  there are extremists in every country . 
   i ca n't really trust a country that lies to his own people about wmds in a country so it can invade it right yes , the politics of one government of the us is completely intrinsically linked to an intelligence agency which has existed for 60 years . 
  do you even know what you have a problem with or do you just generally hate the us ? 
   i 'm just saying , once they 're found spying in denmark , i guess they just have excess funding and therefore might do stupid shit like this once in a while . 
  firstly , they have n't been * found * in denmark , they 've been accused by tv-2 of carrying out surveillance activities ( according to press.tv that is , who are a propaganda network ) . 
  secondly , what do you think the cia * do * ? 
  you do understand they 're an external surveilance agency , right ? 
  it 's their job to do that , just the same as servi\u00e7o de informa\u00e7\u00f5es estrat\u00e9gicas de defesa or the secret intelligence service . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why you think the fact that they 're doing their jobs means they have excess funding , although i 'm sure you have some entertaining reason for believing it . 
   no , i do n't think the cia would smash graves in a ww1 cemetery in france , all i 'm saying is that they 've done stupider shit , so you can never really be sure . 
  have they done stupid shit ? 
  sure , they have . 
  does that mean they commit random acts of wanton violence without motive ? 
  do n't confuse incompetence or far out ideas with malice . 
  right , and they 'd desire to do this because ... ? 
  the cia ? 
  ca n't tell if serious ... 
  yes , they are . 
  sorry to be the one to tell you . 
  in scotland we turn them into pubs and clubs . 
  spot on , it 's a 9mm ump with a suppressor . 
  send them to australia like we do with all the shit we do n't want xd, 
  just wave your hand over them while saying `` tiddilywinks '' backwards three times and they become good riddance pork pies . 
  no genocide , no thanksgiving , dems da rules . 
  we 're totally missing out . 
   dude , it 's their birthday and you 'll ruin it . 
  aka good riddance day , in some parts of the world :p, 
  * in lighter news , a warrent was issued this afternoon by the united states federal bureau of investigation against the european union on charges of stealing thunder .
