  what a load of shit . 
  do some reading off reddit . 
  ypf was sold to repsol for $ 15 billion . 
  that is , the public benefited to the tune of $ 15 billion . 
  seriously , read some books or something . 
  a quick look through your posting record would imply you 're an anarchist , yet you prefer state ownership to corporate . 
  this is odd to me . 
  for what crime would one put these `` execs '' in jail ? 
  nationalisation is really two words in one though . 
  if you mean intentionally buying up stocks in a company in order to build up state owned companies , then fair enough - that 's what argentina should have done , but probably could n't afford to do . 
  if you mean literally just seizing billions of euros worth of assets and value , then that 's completely immoral . 
  a better word for this is expropriation . 
  taking it back is grand theft of the highest order . 
  she essentially seized lots of people 's retirement funds and made them `` public '' - that is , took the money into her budget and their pension 's will be the government 's problem in 15-35 years time . 
  she 's a looter , nothing more . 
  what ? 
  the uk makes between 6-12 billion per year on oil revenues . 
  there 's not much free about north sea oil . 
  theft is theft , whether you give someone what you consider `` fair compensation '' or not . 
  even that would not necessarily be fair . 
  argentina have been trashing ypf as much as possible in recent weeks in an obvious attempt to lower the share price to the point where they could have actually bought it . 
  that failed , so they just looted it . 
  good for them , i look forward to them running out of things to loot - they 've already taken a great deal ( private pension funds , bank reserves , now ypf ) , there can only be so many assets to steal before they have to declare bankruptcy . 
  again . 
  you can call that fair , but it ai n't . 
  that is pretty fucking stupid of them . 
  * them * ? 
  one in two in the uk would vote for us to leave the eu altogether - so you 've instantly got half the population opposed to the idea . 
  out of the remaining half , i cba finding numbers , but do you seriously think that more than a small fraction of them favour something as extreme as eu federalism ? 
  i do n't get this , why is the government compensating anyone for this ? 
  well , we do have the queen , which believe it or not has come in handy once or twice when politicians have wanted to do insane things . 
  that said , without meaning to invoke godwin , referenda were one of the favourite ways of the nazi party and hitler operating . 
  to put it bluntly , i think people should elect qualified professionals to make decisions for them in politics . 
  direct involvement seems like a recipe for bad . 
  oh absolutely , but the the implication of plebicites in most people 's minds seems to be that they 're legally binding . 
  afterall if you do n't want it to be legally binding and super-important why not just take say the opinion of 5 million randomly selected voters for 1 % of the price ? 
  it 'll be overall around as representative and much much cheaper . 
  a referendum raises the expectation that action will be made based upon the outcome , and that 's not necessarily a good thing . 
   that 's democracy . 
  no , that 's mob rule . 
  referenda are terrible ways for running a country . 
  if i want medical advice i do n't ask 10,000 people off the street what i should do , i ask a qualified doctor . 
  if 10,000 people on the street disagree with the doctor , i go with the doctor because he or she actually has a clue about what they 're doing . 
  you feel me ? 
  an eu referndum would be scarily expensive . 
  i mean , we 're talking maybe 0.5 to 1 billion gbp ( 0.6 e9 to 1.2 e9 eur ) - quite serious quantities of money . 
  my worry with a level of say 5 million would be that essentially it 'd be an easy way for cultural groups or countrywide ideals to be forced to a vote in the wider eu . 
  for that matter , how long would it be before you had 5 million eurosceptics got a referendum to dismantle the entire eu on the go ? 
  the whole thing would be finished in 12 months . 
  this is nifty , although i do worry a little about powerful vested interests taking advantage of the high requirements ( 7 citizens in 7 countries + 1 x 10 ^ 6 signatures is quite a lot ), 
  it 's overly simplistic to apply all of those terms to the edl . 
  ideologically , the edl are n't * supposed * to be racist and in fact , the leadership actively ejects racist contingents of the organisation . 
  that said , there 's no denying that among the lower down members of the organisation there is plenty of racism . 
  to apply fascist to the group is , i think , shows a serious misunderstanding both of what the edl strive for and what fascist ideology actually is . 
  from my understanding of the edl 's general objectives they tend toward being relatively liberal ( do n't laugh , conservative they may be , but * relatively * liberal compared with other right wing organisations ) . 
  the edl is certainly far more geared towards functional multiculturalism than any fascist organisation could be . 
  they are not anti-foreigner , they are anti-islam . 
  i think it 's both unfortunate that their membership is mostly not very nice people who probably have different goals to the leadership , but * also * that people look at the edl and conflate them , the french far right , and the bnp or nf . 
  it 's a gross and unjustified simplification for which there 's no excuse in mature discussion of politics or ideology . 
  that said , to apply those terms to religions * is * fair , since these concepts are built into the very fundamentals of many religions . 
  yes . 
   a world where everybody speaks his/her language and uses english as ` lingua franca ' ... well , we 're living in it and it 's not that bad , is it ? 
  this is all i have been saying . 
  i 'm not sure which assholes have been downvoting me , perhaps they do n't understand very well - but essentially we 're agreeing . 
  as i pointed out quite clearly , i was responding to randommdude 's post about people refusing to communicate in a language they understand being a barrier to eu integration for language reasons . 
  probably these days :p, 
  it does harm in as much as , no-one else speaks it . 
  only speaking in a language that only 9 people speak in the world is less advantageous than speaking a language that 70 million people speak , or 700 million people speak . 
  i 'm not saying there 's anything wrong with using catalan , i was just responding to randommdude 's comment that people in barcalona wo n't speak spanish , let alone english . 
  inevitably , if you refuse to speak what is becoming the dominant world language ( even as a second or third language ) , you are going to disadvantage yourself . 
  that 's a cultural thing though , not a skills issue , and it 'll die with the current batch of old people . 
  as for people from barcelona , they can insist that everyone speaks catalan if they desire , but it 's not going to do them any favours in the long term . 
  51 % speak english . 
  this is increasing all the time . 
  we already essentially have a lingua franca - in a generation we 'll have a universal , mostly second , language . 
   really shows how totally cosy england is !, 
  ftfy :p, 
  not in that sense , in that sense it 's purely a moderating term . 
  it reduces the impact of the word dangerous . 
  so now we fight . 
  i suppose we all knew this was inevitable . 
  it 's our back yard , as the americans would say . 
  2km inland should give our forces the capability to do what they 've been wanting to do for some time , but have been unable to do due to restrictive mandates . 
  we shall see how it all works out . 
  `` quite '' ? 
  stalin was the second biggest mass murderer in history , after mao . 
  oh come on , that 's one level above saying * `` a dishonest american ? 
  * what a surprise '' or * `` a dishonest black person ? 
  what a surprise '' . 
  * you 're better than that / r/europe . 
  please provide some evidence for this . 
  spanish fishermen abusing fishing waters ? 
  well i never ... 
  yeah . 
  there are a good deal of us who , upon being asked where we 're from would say `` britain '' . 
  outside of the uk , i would . 
  inside , i 'd say `` scotland '' . 
   the difference in the netherlands from any other country is that pretty much everyone speaks fluent english . 
  wot ? 
  fluency in english is really high in the eu .
