  whether you were right or not in your implied assertion that the uk never does anything which is not in its direct interest , that does n't have any effect upon my point . 
  you are one strange person . 
  what a tiresome thing to say . 
   what the uk does is so vile i 'm surprised they have n't been punished more . 
  punished by whom ? 
   the only country that 's more than 50 % eurosceptic in the whole eu not sure where you got that statistic from . 
  looking into the stats , it 's quite clear that euroskepticism is very high in the uk , but then it 's also high in sweden , greece , austria , ireland , the netherlands , and belgium . 
   the only free market economy other than the us in the entire world that claims to be doing ` pretty well ' while having a completely unsustainable economy seems rather sustainable to me , we seem to sustaining it . 
   ( 70 % services , mostly based in london ) actually it 's 80 % as of 2005 . 
  here 's some others : * denmark - 77.3 % ( 2006 ) * sweden - 70.7 % ( 2008 ) * finland - 69.9 % ( 2010 ) * germany - 67.8 % ( 2011 ) * italy - 65.1 % ( 2005 ) * austria - 67 % ( 2005 ) now that 's labour force by occupation as opposed to income by sector , but both are relatively similar ( i checked  ) . 
  i 'm sure all of the above countries will be profoundly saddened to hear their economies are all unsustainable . 
   at the cost of not helping other european countries . 
  sorry , what ? 
  i ca n't hear you over the $ 12.5 billion euro bill we got for bailing out various eurozone countries , not to mention the guarantees we 've given to , for example , ireland . 
   also the only country that does n't need to aim to get the euro . 
  so we 've got the power to stay out of a currency that would be bad for us to join , what do you want , an apology ? 
   yes if you refuse to help when the eu is in crisis but take full advantage of it when it 's doing well , i 'd be surprised if you ever had a downturn again . 
  edit : you know what , i do n't even care enough . 
  you 're spouting a good deal of uninformed horse shit , and it saddens me that my country is in a union with countries that contain people like yourself . 
  i * love * the eu , but * you * make me more euroskeptic just by being in the damn thing . 
  by the way , since you 're polish there 's a greater chance you use opera as your browser ( around 10 % iirc ) - given that , if you * do * , then there 's a fantastic extension called `` translator '' by sailormax you should get . 
  that 's what i used , all you do is highlight the passage you want on your screen , hit the extension button , and a drop down box appears with the original and a translation ( by google translate ) into any language you choose . 
  really very helpful , especially in subreddits like this . 
  `` the government also notes , with the commission that bulgaria and romania not all cvm benchmarks have fully achieved . 
  the cvm has in the eyes of the government therefore continues to exist . 
  as the commission notes , the cvm is and remains essential for the reform process in both countries . '', 
  agreed , nl is absolutely right to oppose romania and bulgaria 's entry into schengen . 
  it 's debatable whether either should even be in the eu , but schengen is something neither is anywhere near ready for . 
  we seem to be doing pretty well , no ? 
  exactly , i mean i 'm not criticising the us specifically here , most countries have been naughty at some point and the uk more than most , but us policy was hypocritical , and very very naughty in the short term ( think of the 1940 's to 1970 , the number of covert coups the us was involved in was stupendous ! ) . 
  so while the monroe doctrine tried to make out like `` this is our sphere of influence , we can do stuff in it , you stay out , but you can have your spheres and you can do what you want '' - really what happened was we all stayed out of the us sphere of influence but the us was heavily involved in uk , french , etc. 
  ones . 
  so for example one of the driving forces behind the whole suez thing was that besides weakening the uk , it also made an ally of out egypt , and in those days every great power needed an ally/puppet state in the middle east ( oil ) . 
  i have no doubt that some in the us regiemes of the 20th century did genuinely have an issue with colonialism , but i hope they were just ignorant of what the cia and various other parts of the state were doing throughout the century , because while the us was not colonialist , it was the next best thing , toppling and installing governments ( or at least trying to ) which would do what it said for around half a century . 
  it was us policy from about the 1920 's or 1930 's to passive aggressively weaken the british empire , seen as the only real possible threat to the continental united states in that era . 
  post ww2 the uk was * less * powerful , but the us maintained its policy of weakening the uk where it could , prime example of this being suez , although suez was really the final nail in the coffin for us as a world power , it perfectly highlights the culmination of many years of us policy - the uk was indebted to the us after fighting a long war , and when the uk tried to secure its assets in the middle east , at a time when the us was being very , very naughty all over the place , the us essentially forbade us by threatening to collapse our currency , so we had to pull out of suez and that was that . 
  the us was never * hostile * to the uk , i 'll grant you that , but it was never the ally many people seemed to think it was , there were times of cooperation for mutual benefit , but that was as good as it ever got , and when it came to it , more often than not us policy throughout the period of about 1920-1970 was to weaken and harm the uk wherever possible while making it seem like they were our friends . 
  the reason you 've never heard anyone worry about what power the uk has is because we no longer have very much at all , we 're a middle power in the world now with a small ( but nonetheless respectable ) military , the 8th largest economy in the world , and few overseas holdings . 
  at the turn of the 20th century we were considerably more powerful than any other country in the entire world . 
  anyway , few people consider things to be this way so do n't worry that the general population of the uk holds some grudge or anything , it takes far too much historical knowledge for your average tom to perceive the us as a generally negative influence on the uk in the 20th century . 
  so if catalonia goes , would it take valencia with it ? 
  further to that , obviously if catalonia did go independent , then presumably galicia and the basque country would want to go there too , would this inevitably not just end up with the castillians and perhaps the leonese joined together in the remainder of spain , with two or three out of the 6 or 7 historical spanish kingdoms staying together and the rest all eventually going their separate ways ? 
  seems kind of like , if catalonia goes that 's basically it for spain , given how it 's so damn close to a union of autonomous countries already . 
  ok , sure , whatever . 
  i do n't really give a fuck . 
  lets just leave it at that . 
  i do n't get what point you were attempting to make besides the possibility of you trying to make points that are patently obvious , but i really just do n't care very much , so whatever , 
  you guys got to invade a country of your choosing too , we did n't even get that , pointless as it was . 
   i do n't think the uk is 100 % capitalist . 
  so you 're not an idiot . 
  well done ? 
   i believe the uk could be way more socialist . 
  repeat my last . 
   saying the uk is a capitalist country and being proud of it , just made me shiver a little . 
  the uk * is * a capitalist country - we have private ownership and ( mostly ) free trade , that 's capitalism   capitalism is unethical for many reasons , from my humble point of view . 
  but , you are lucky , you country is not 100 % capitalist . 
  super , but , i do n't really give a fuck . 
  as i pointed out above , no country is 100 % capitalist , only a moron would think such a thing were possible . 
   people like me ?? 
  wtf . 
  people who make trivial and pointless additions . 
  no country has ever been `` 100 % '' capitalist , whatever that frankly idiotic term is supposed to mean , the idea is definitionally impossible . 
  i * think * you 're trying to make the point that the uk has elements of socialism because , quite clearly , you like a good dose of socialism . 
  but in that case you 're just using my post as a platform to talk about something no-one was talking about . 
  other than that , i really just have no idea what you were trying to achieve . 
  i 'm never quite sure where to start with people like you , yes obviously we have state expenditure ( because we have a state ) and so as such we have elements of socialism , i 'm not sure why people care about `` fully socialist '' or `` 100 % capitalist '' these days , nor where it came from , but quite obviously to anyone with a lick of sense , there can be no state which completely lacks in `` socialism '' since a state by its very foundation is socialist in nature ( by virtue of the requirement to raise taxes for its function ) . 
  so in short , i 'm really not sure what you 're trying to say , and my best guess is that you 're not saying very much . 
  i was going to say `` big brother '' but that has connotations of surveillance and such that i did n't want to convey so switched it to sibling . 
  does n't much matter . 
  what the shit did we get out of iraq ? 
  that was just more of the americans getting what they want and us getting nothing . 
  we 're pretty socially liberal , but in economic terms we are capitalists ( which is how most want it , including myself ) . 
  experience breeds this view . 
  we used to have our `` special relationship '' , and look at us now !, 
  it did exist in the reagan-thatcher days , but most other us presidents have either been intentionally sabotaging uk power ( in the earlier days ) or just not giving a fuck about british interests ( in more recent days ) . 
  the us does what 's good for the us , nothing more , nothing less . 
  it 's time we stopped viewing them as some kindly older sibling and started seeing them as the powerful , self-interested , not particularly friendly state that they are . 
  oh is that where the downvotes came from ? 
  i should perhaps simplify my english a little for this subreddit . 
  no , i simply did not know about catalonia . 
  so you 're agreeing with me , essentially then ? 
  in the last 24 hours an embassy in libya was stormed and an ambassador was killed . 
  in the last 24 hours a man in the us who made a stupid movie went into hiding in order to preserve his life . 
  in the last 24 hours in the uk a screening of a historical film on islam was cancelled , as historian who produced it received death threats . 
  all of this is because of one religion . 
  i do n't think iran having nukes is a good idea either . 
   if you 're asking about basque separatists it 's a different kettle . 
  the spanish have hinted at the fact that they may block scottish accession to the eu in order to not give the basque or the catalonians any ideas . 
   scotland can make most eu countries blush i 'm not sure i get your meaning . 
   are any of them advocating a new currency ? 
  no clue , i 'll tool up on my independence knowledge when a referendum is within 6 months to a year , until then my interest is passing at best . 
   there 's should n't be any problems in arranging that , spain :(  most of which will be wiped out by debt repayments if scotland takes 9 % of the uk debt . 
  we 're already paying back the debt though , just as part of the uk . 
  it would be strange that a wealthier scotland would be trusted less , and while i can see the argument that the uk 's size makes it a safer bet , it 's not like scotland would be a tiny economy or anything . 
   if the independence movement themselves are planning to keep the british pound then that 's all really that can be planned around . 
  the snp would hold power but for how long ? 
  i would n't be surprised if labour or the lib dems took significant power fairly rapidly . 
  sorry i should have been clearer , nothing is rapid with the eu . 
  i would n't be surprised if it took us a few years to get into the eu and maybe 5-12 to get into the eurozone , i was meaning rapid in eu terms ( where accession ordinarily takes a decade . 
   in joining the euro it 'd even have to control its interest rate accordingly , only scotland would n't have control of the interest rate because it would still be with the bank of england .
