  i understand full well about the dual languages , the historical reasons for it , and have listened to the views of finns and of the suomenruotsalaiset ( swedish speakers in finland ) . 
  my point was that the swedish speakers ( both in finland and sweden ) howl in protest any time anyone so much as suggests that perhaps swedish should n't be something which all finns who want an education are forced to learn , but that sweden , which has a substantial population of people who 're ethnically finnish and speak the language , does not pay the same respect in kind . 
  hence culturally obnoxious . 
  i suspect i went a little bit too much over some heads there , probably should have explained more . 
  actually i have n't a fucking clue how to translate that , i was going by other irish people 's opinions in this thread . 
   what are you actually trying to say with that ? 
  that clearly she either does n't speak irish or speaks it very poorly . 
  she inevitably speaks english fluently ( because she 's irish ) so it just seemed a bit strange . 
  that 's all . 
  my bad , that 's a point . 
  i know it 's official , was just curious about the attempt to do something which clearly she was n't fully capable of actually doing naturally . 
  ah well , pride it is . 
  fairy doodles . 
  only one minority language in the entire thing , and that 's just the irish being irish i assume . 
  right , and the swede spoke in swedish and finnish ? 
  yeah , thought not . 
  god damn you guys can be culturally obnoxious . 
  why did she try to speak in irish gaelic when the lingua franca is english ? 
  that just one of those pride things ? 
  like how scottish airports all have scottish gaelic welcoming written on the signs despite few folk actually speaking it . 
   but smart people agree with me that usa sux this is not what i said . 
  the stats are a year old , awareness of things like drone strikes and now excessive surveillance have had an impact on the perception of the us . 
  the necessity for being informed is simply because , there are many who are unaware of these events , so their opinion of the us will have remained unchanged . 
  my only addition to the conversation was that , those stats being a year old , mixed with the political activities of the past year done by the us , will have altered those beliefs in those who 're aware of these events happening . 
  you 're so quick to assume that people in / r/europe are hysterically attacking the us that i 'm starting to wonder why the fuck you hang about here . 
  wow , so you 're a dick . 
  they 're not hypocrites so much as delusional . 
  relationship with us ! = relationship with current us govt . 
  that 's a year old , things are changing , although i agree his statement applies significantly better to * informed * brits . 
  perhaps . 
  i 've definitely seen lots of americans do this though , mostly outside of the euro/uk subreddits . 
  everything in french sounds dirty . 
  i 've heard the claim many times from your countrymen . 
  i was n't attempting to . 
  i 've just read plenty of americans claiming that the us is just as culturally diverse as the eu and that 's ridiculous . 
  actually i love europe and think it 's awesome . 
  i 'm a part of it , and so is my country . 
  i 'm scottish , british , and european . 
  i disagree with the lumping together of europe as one country because , well , we 're not . 
  yet . 
  i hope that one day we are , and fully support european federalism . 
  for now though we quite demonstrably are not one sovereign nation , and even if we do become one , as i hope we do , we 'll still be a hell of a lot more culturally diverse than the usa . 
  happy now ? 
  not * really * . 
  common parlance in english would take `` american '' to mean us citizen . 
  yes , it 's not techically correct since american could refer to the entirety of the americas , but still , american = us citizen in day to day conversation . 
  why not both ? 
  i 'm no fan of the us or russia . 
  this is presumably because the russians feel like their people are terribly mistreated in latvia because the latvian 's would rather not have soviet statues all over the place and russian as another official language . 
  not really . 
  despite what americans love to declare , the us is nowhere near as culturally diverse as the 27 . 
  i thought that 's pretty much how the celtic tiger started roaring ? 
  was n't it like 15-20 % corp tax ? 
   you clearly need to meet my dad ... bread goes with everything ... we 'll be having chicken curry with rice ... dad a curry sandwich ... bolognaise sandwich is one of his favourites !, 
  bread goes great with * almost * everything imo . 
  some things it kind of fails . 
  i agree on the curry ( i almost prefer curry with the right bread to with rice ) - but say , a roast with a gravy , i 'd much rather tatties than bread because the bread will steal my gravy from my meat but the bread/meat/gravy combination is n't nearly as good in a mouthful as with tatties . 
   yea like when you consider england the celtic thing is the big difference but with celtic regions such as scotland and wales we would be very similar . 
  obviously there are differences to be found but on the majority it is probably similar enough . 
  precisely . 
   saying that though it did sorta raise my heckles ... not enough to down vote you because you 're not wrong ... i just do n't like it when people say we 're the same ... but that was back when i assumed england ... no issues being the same as scotland !, 
  this is just because people assume some sort of cultural imperialism from the statement or something . 
  you saw british and assumed english , something i greatly dislike ( not an attack on you , its just a common habit among many which i dislike ) . 
  i 'm not saying you 're culturally homogeneous with scotland though , but rather with britain as a whole and i think that continues to be true . 
  obviously irish culture is * more * similar to scottish than to english , but there 's a great deal of similarity even between aspects of irish and english , just as there is with scots and english . 
  begin with a nice cup of tea and go from there , ken ? 
  essentially , i feel almost culturally homogeneous with the english , and i feel almost culturally homogeneous with the irish . 
  if a = b , and b = c , then a = c. edit : also just fyi mate , it 's `` raise my hackles '' - the hackle being the feathery plume thing worn on your beret or more generally ones tam o ' shanter in the british military by fusilier and royal irish , as well as all the scots regiments . 
  seemed relevant that you deployed such a phrase probably without realising it . 
  we do have bread also but y' know , does n't go great with * everything * . 
  potatoes on the other hand , at least in my parents house , apparently do . 
  i do find it interesting that people are obviously downvoting my original post because i 'm suggesting that ireland and the uk are culturally fairly homogeneous , when , y' know , they are . 
  this is n't a criticism ( obviously ) - it 's just that culturally we 're extremely similar . 
  the crushed bones of our enemies ? 
   apart from the whole celtic traditional part of our culture !, 
  i 'm scottish mate , we 've probably got more in common with irish culture than south east english culture . 
   never realised ye were potato people too ... high five for potatoes !, 
  you kidding ? 
  i went through about 5 years of not being able to stand the things ` cos growing i always felt like my plate was 80 % potato and 20 % other food . 
   i always wonder what other countries think of fr ted ... like to me its soooo irish i just cant imagine others getting all the wee jokes in it . 
  outside of the uk i 'm sure a lot does , but to me the setting is just one i 'd find in the west of scotland , it 's a really familiar sort of thing , so i enjoy the show a good deal . 
  this was 5 years ago . 
  do n't get me wrong , still great , but like , 5 years . 
  essentially just a mini britain culturally . 
  nice scenery . 
  low taxation . 
  like their tea and potatoes just as much as we do . 
  father ted is funny . 
  that 's about it really . 
  pretty sure the fastest production helicopter has been british for ages . 
  the westland lynx holds the helicopter speed records iirc , damn thing 's also silly manoeuvrable . 
  what is it that makes conspiracy theories so much more prevalent in greece than elsewhere ? 
  i 've known euros from all over europeanlandshire and the greeks i 've met have all believed at least a few utterly insane things . 
  lovely lady i met , must have been mid-30 's , at university , intelligent lass , but still believed the us had a secret plot to take over the world initially via cultural imperialism and then by mililtary and covert actions . 
  i ca n't say i agree with that impression of yours . 
  ooh , you 're rude and stupid . 
  cool . 
  lets leave it at that then . 
  right , but so what ? 
  saying `` well someone else is doing immoral things too '' does n't negate the first person doing such things .
