   not the country but the place . 
  part of the island of ireland , yes . 
   that would make you ... irish , irish is a nationality , and people born in ni are british , so no , it does n't follow . 
  you 're just wrong on your demonyms and i think all of your trouble is stemming from there . 
   maybe someone could be irish because they have experienced being irish . 
  that would not accord with the conventional and most widely accepted definition of nationality . 
   what 's the general problem ? 
  intentional degradation of language by the increase of ad-hoc single-application rules for the purpose of keeping an individual group happy at the expense of broadening a definition unnecessarily . 
   that 's more of a response to an argument than a premise , but anyway . 
  it 's an explanation of the application of a principle . 
   it 's hard because you 're acting like i do n't understand your definition , when in fact i 'm rejecting it . 
  ok , sure , then we reach an impasse . 
  i would take the common definition of nationality as the status of belonging to a particular nation , but you must take another . 
  that 's fine i guess , we just disagree on definitions , with you taking a less common one , which complicates communication but is not the end of the world . 
   why is that wrong ? 
  why is your definition right ? 
  it 's not right , it 's just the more common definition and i choose to apply that because language is most effective when definitions are shared fully and are clear , and i desire effective and trouble-free communication where possible ( my entire reason for my stance on this issue ) , and would seek to prevent the degradation of my language . 
  sure , that 's true , as i said , people should identify how they please . 
  i can identify as a communist or a centrist or a fascist or as apolitical person , and my identification along with my beliefs determines which of these i am . 
  i can identify as a black man or a han female and this does not change the fact that i 'm a white boy from scotland . 
  some things are defined partly or fully be self-identity , others are n't . 
  it 's just these days a lot of people like to pretend that * most * or even * all * things are defined by self-identity , which is anti-intellectual and nonsense . 
  well , for the latter , a geneticist would probably be your best bet . 
  for the former , a government official with you and your parents birth certificates . 
   ( it is n't me down voting you by the way ) well i 'll tip my hat to you for being polite then - not that karma means anything , but still , politeness is to be respected and applauded . 
   strange way of looking at it , but continue as you wish , i do n't need permission from a brit to be irish  i know it 's quite strange to a lot of people . 
  it 's the most intellectually consistent , honest , and rational position i 've found thus far though and so i 'll continue with it until i find a better one . 
  and you 're right , you do n't need permission from a brit to be irish , you just need to be irish to be irish . 
  the days of nation states are gradually ending i think . 
  already with huge economic unions and projects like the eu we start to see the inevitable agglomeration of humanity towards a single unit . 
   the abkhasian situation is more complex : georgia considers it an autonomous republic in georgia , but a government in sukhuni considers it as an independent state . 
  i do n't see how i 'm arguing that every abkhasian has to call themselves russian , care to explain ? 
  sorry my bad , i copied and pasted the wrong part of your response there . 
  every abkhasian has the ( theoretical according to russia ) right to call themselves russian , yes . 
   this solution is valid , because states can be composed of more than one ethnic group . 
  you 're confusing citizenship , nationality and ethnicity . 
  no , i 'm really not , in fact it 's the opposing side of this argument in this thread which are . 
  ethnicity and nationality are not things we pick , citizenship is . 
  the other two are products of our birth and ancestry to one degree or another . 
  the solution to people caring so much about being called what they are is to grow up a little bit and recognise that we should n't much care about what is an accident of birth , nor should we respect others who judge us by those accidents . 
  the solution is * not * to pretend like we can pick and choose what reality is , even if that 's the comfortable and easy solution . 
   of course , you are wrong because no matter what you say you are as i have designated you a troll as according to my own criteria . 
  your attempt at a witty analogy fails though because language requires collective agreement for words to have meaning , and in my argument i am applying the collective terms while in your argument you are defining the term to mean what you want it to , which is precisely what i avoid by taking the position i do in the issue in this thread . 
   i enjoy your way of thinking . 
  it 's a lot easier than my own . 
  it 's superior , perhaps , but you have failed to grasp my argument , which i suppose should n't be a surprise because there were bound to be a few people who would n't understand and a few who would n't want to accept it , but certainly you have failed to understand if you think this line of `` witty '' argument you make is a good dent in my argument . 
   does n't mean every abkhasian has to call themselves russian yes they do , by your exact argument . 
  it 's identical to the gfa issue . 
   worldwide , this ability to choose your exact national identity is a popular solution in regions with heterogeneous populations , e.g. 
  china , the basque region , kashubia , various places in africa etc. 
  it can become as popular as people want to make it , but it does n't at any point start being valid just due to popularity . 
   it seems to me then that you are making a purely emotional , opinionated argument not emotional in the slightest . 
  in fact it 's a very unemotional , ration based argument , that nationality relates to , y' know , the nation . 
   i , and the majority of others disagree . 
  that does n't matter very much to me , to be honest . 
   makes the southern irish the real irish and the northern irish not the real , actual irish . 
  talking about nationality here bud . 
  people born and bred in the roi are irish because they were born in the roi , and the demonym for people of the roi is irish . 
  people born in ni are british because the demonym for people from the uk is british . 
  these are not emotionally rooted arguments i 'm making here , it 's just the way that things are right now at this point in history . 
  identification is irrelevant ( which , unless you 're willing to accept my black tribal matriarch thing , you kind of need to accept ) in nationality , as it 's a product of birth and parentage . 
  perhaps so , but trolling requires the intention of provoking an emotional response , and i lack that intention . 
  in short , you would be wrong to label me a troll , 
   are you implying it degrades the concept of nationality for people born in northern ireland to be called irish ? 
  as a specific symptom of what would be a general problem , yes . 
   [ 1 ] newry is a northern irish town which is closer geographically to dublin than cork , galway or limerick . 
  it 's 89.6 % catholic , which is almost the same percentage as the republic . 
  its constituency returns nationalist politicians at every election . 
  a number of its schools teach exclusively through irish . 
  still british . 
  you know how i can tell ? 
  i look at a map . 
  it 's that simple . 
   when they drew the border , they included scores of towns like this one where the majority of the population were irish nationalists . 
  i really struggle to see what sensible grounds anyone could have for claiming that they are n't of irish nationality . 
  the fact that they 're born , bred , and living in the uk - that 's the grounds . 
  i do n't get why this is so hard . 
  how you behave in day to day life does not change your nationality . 
  < black tribal matriach skit goes here again  , you get it ? 
  me speaking irish gaelic would n't somehow magic me into an irishman . 
  me living on the border of england would n't somehow magic me into an englander . 
  dancing around in native nigerian tribal clothing with breast implants and screaming at others would n't make me a black tribal matriarch . 
   am i missing something ? 
  a basic working definition of nationality , it would seem . 
  actually i 'm perfectly serious . 
  this modern idea that people can identify as whatever they desire * and * that the entire world must pretend like their identification matches reality is just absolutely ridiculous - it 's only even maintained in a small variety of select fields , and it 's laughable even though it 's now widely accepted by the masses . 
  as i said , no problem at all with people identifying how they please , but they need to realise that people will categorise them based on what they are , not what they would desire to be . 
   well actually , i only have to go back one generation well fair enough then , if your parents are irish and you were born in ni i 'd agree that you 're british-irish . 
   but even if i did have to go back 500 years to have ancestors you consider irish you mean who * are * irish , no doubt , because the northern irish have been british for centuries . 
   do you consider south koreans korean but north koreans not korean ? 
  they 're all ethnically korean of course , just as both you and ( i kind of suspect i , not totally sure tbh ) are ethnically celtic . 
  but that 's it . 
   the fact you conveniently ignore is that it is a birthright of anyone born on the island of ireland to be irish . 
  it is not a birthright of an english brit to be french . 
  from where does this birthright stem ? 
  as i 've said elsewhere i reject the concept that nation states can individually redefine the concept of nationality and so reject the idea that a proclamation of choice means anything from the roi and uk governments . 
  i mean , to go back to my earlier jokey example , some west african town or villiage saying i can be a black tribal matriarch does n't make me so , even if i say `` yeah great , that 's what i am now because i choose to be it ! '' . 
  it is , to be honest , fairly simple . 
  * if * northern irish * then * british . 
  people not liking this does n't change it .
