  what are you on about here mate ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing that the removal of mosaddegh was a bad move , but at some point one has to let go of the past misdeeds of one 's country and focus on the present , and the future , not on constantly shying away from action just because it has gone wrong sometimes in the past . 
  this is something i am quite certain you understand . 
  incidentally , our queen has been on the throne for 63 years . 
  we still had rationing in the uk from the war when she took over , nuts is n't it ? 
  you live in possibly the most corrupt country in western europe ( italy certainly appears to give spain a run for its money , if not outdo you guys ) . 
  do you really think small town parochialism is the answer to that ? 
  of course i 'm biased , i voted no and you can see my flair is not a saltire . 
  i do n't really understand why you would n't feel spanish , or why you would want to be separate , especially given the level of autonomy that spanish regions like yours are given . 
  sorry , but the whole `` the west is to blame for absolutely everything that goes wrong in the middle east '' is just so tiresome , as well as being wrong . 
  we 're not out there ordering people at gunpoint to chop off the heads of civilians and rape yazidis en masse . 
  you 're german , do n't pretend you know what that word means ... 
  hey now , i 'm dating a spanish girl , and i love much about that country , they just have stupid governments that like to bang drums and shoot at civilian boats in uk waters . 
  agreed , and the umayyad conquest of hispania certainly shattered a lot of confidence in peaceful co-existence too . 
  i see your problem and i can provide you with a solution !, 
  begin !, 
  of course old people ca n't work the small number of jobs that require physical labour , you insult me by even mentioning that . 
  lets face it , most of us do n't work in those jobs . 
  i work on a god damn oil rig and i work with guys in their late 70 's , most jobs require thinking and talking and sometimes machines but rarely manual labour . 
  i 'm not saying that they all need to be high flying lawyers , but the person behind the till in a supermarket does n't need to be sprightly and young , they could be 75 and that 'd be fine . 
  well you lot do n't need to make small children anymore , just support the immigrants , they 're the future afterall , you 're just there to support their transition :p, 
  course they do , we left them alone and pretty much just let the city get on with being great . 
  the chinese are sticking their noses in . 
  ireland was n't a colony , it was an integral part of the uk . 
   the entire problem of a aging population lies not fully in them retiring but also in them needing care and medical attention . 
  right , which is expensive for young people to bear because the old people are essentially at that point leeching of the young and there are lots of old and not many young . 
  so make the old people work , and then you reduce both the amount of medical care they need and the burden upon the young . 
  ultimately y' all need to start shagging more , have german people gone off sex or what ? 
  if so , send wimminz over here please , we like sex a lot , but british women are sehr h\u00e4sslich . 
  #socialismkills toplel, 
   that 's a bit simplistic , is it not ? 
  actually to be honest no , overall , staying in employment keeps people alive longer , keeps them happier , and keeps them healthier . 
  work is surprisingly good for humans . 
  i 'm not suggesting we send old doris down the coal mines , but there are plenty of jobs they can do and do well , most in fact , and they * should * be doing them . 
   all you would achieve by arbitrarily setting the retirement age 10 years higher right now is raising the number of people unable to work and being pushed into poverty . 
  perhaps , but if you 've got lots of people unable to work then you do n't have a demographic problem do you ? 
  i 'm telling you a solution and you seem to be finding reasons to just say `` nah , that 'll never work '' but really , my solution solves your issue . 
  yes , but the current refugee crisis is about syrians . 
  you just raise the retirement age , simple . 
  raise retirement to 75 , job done . 
  this is really not that complicated , people who stay working stay healthier , and there 's no reason to be saying to people that they have a right to sit around being paid for by the taxpayer for 20 years of their lives . 
  what does that have to do with syria ? 
  is spain ever happy about anything ? 
  sometimes the cure is worse than the disease though . 
  i mean , there seems to be this idea that germany * has * to have more young people to counteract depopulation , but is it really better to totally change a country than to accept a smaller population ? 
  is being a little bit smaller really * so * bad ? 
  yeah but it 's catalonia not england innit , they 'll rejoin immediately unless the spaniards are so butthurt that they block it ( would n't put it past them really , spain has a shitty track record on stuff like that ) . 
  indeed , arab spring was clearly a western plot ... 
  the bulgarian air force has about 20 or 30 mig-29 's and some aa . 
  probably would n't be wise to use it , but they have something at least . 
  the irish air force is a telephone which calls the raf so they can ask us to help them . 
  germans can be annoying arseholes ? 
  that was your point , right ? 
  you 're changing the demographic of your population by probably about 1 % this year , next year another 1/2 % , and on and on . 
  would it ? 
  belgium : it exists . 
  all the alcohol . 
  is there really any point ? 
  i mean , we 're all in the eu these days , we 're all going to be unified anyway . 
  paris to stockholm is n't longhaul though . 
  this would have been a front or front and rear toilet job , not exactly discrete . 
  you think war will stop if the arms industry stops ? 
  people find ways to kill each other . 
  merkel responds to what the population want , and the germany population does seem to be extremely touchy feely and quite idealistic . 
  and this is how the rise of the actual far right starts ... 
  ah so you do n't understand how to debate either . 
  you made a positive claim `` bbc = biased '' , therefore * you * are the one who needs to provide evidence . 
  claims made without evidence can be dismissed without evidence , which i 've done . 
  although to be perfectly frank , having had conversations with ardent `` yes '' voters before , i may as well save us both the time and suggest that we do n't bother , since if you 're anything like them you 're not open to having your mind changed anyway . 
  i was n't critiquing your english , more your stance  i guess because `` disputing '' costs nothing it seems silly to place credence or value in any single country saying `` no no no that 's mine '' . 
  none of russia belong to russia . 
  there , i just disputed russia belonging to russia , now all military movements within russia are interventionism . 
  you meant to say `` biased '' , it 's a common mistake , 
  one does n't `` intervene '' on ones own soil . 
  pretty much every other northern country , especially the uk and sweden . 
  the bbc trust appoint the head . 
  who controls their funding ? 
  that 's not a simple question , although the only answer i suspect you 'd be happy with is that funding is controlled by laws implemented by the secretary of culture , media , and sport . 
  just because your lot lost the vote does n't mean the beeb are evil . 
  mmm , but they 're going to give them citizenship , and when the gravy ends in germany guess who gets to get all the people germany let into the eu ? 
  poseidon , if i remember correctly . 
  that went well last time ... 
  we have n't even discussed those reforms , and no party wants to leave the eu except for ukip , it 's just that a significant part of our population is n't happy with the way the eu is right now and the two options on the table for sorting that appear to be `` negotiate terms '' or `` leave '' , and most of us would rather that the former is tried very hard . 
  aunty ai n't really state run though . 
  it 's a body of the state but not run by the government . 
  yeah , when they 're important enough to care i 'll get it right :p, 
  well ... you * did * sink a greenpeace ship , that was pretty gnarly !, 
  shut up sea-germany . 
  oh yeah , that too . 
  man ... what a shame the uk is so terrible that no-one sane would come here :(, 
  i agree . 
  i live in uk , no free houses , no free money , everyone is horrible , weather is very very very cold . 
  terrible country , no-one wants to live here . 
  germoney best . 
  there are 10 million people in haiti and the us coast guard has like 1800 ships . 
  there are several hundred million north africans and middle easterners , and we have people trying to get in to europe from as far away as central africa too . 
  on top of that , we have no unified coast guard , a fairly small naval operation to try and intercept the boats , and because they all ditch their passports and the eu is wimpy when we pick them up we `` ca n't '' just take them back to wherever their likely set off point was so we have to land them in italy for them to start their trip to germany/sweden/uk . 
  it 's not hard , but every country is scared of looking bad . 
  i mean , if all of a sudden you 've got the army hitting people with axe handles to beat them back to wherever , then whichever country does that is going to be accused of beating up refugees and will become an international pariah for a few days . 
  hungary got loads of shit just for trying to maintain their borders a bit and not completely rolling over unlike basically every other country has .
