  they 're all angry muslims . 
  you never get the chinese or indians rioting . 
  it 's always young muslims from some associated shit-hole . 
  they 're destroying their own neighbourhoods because a policeman shot some nutter with a meat cleaver . 
  how are they not savages ? 
  i come from the white bit of the uk . 
  i laugh when people tell me the uk is crowded . 
  parts are , sure . 
  parts are ... too empty . 
  smoking ban because there 's simply no need for it , it minimises freedom of action , and the choice should be left down to pub owners . 
  there 's nothing stopping pub owners from instituting one themselves if they so desire it , so i do n't see why the government have stuck their beak in . 
  i 'd be going mostly to non-smoking pubs , but i 'm irritated by the government legislating on such a thing . 
  the parliament , well tbh i 'd like to see full federalism introduced in the uk but failing that i 'd get rid of the devolved parliaments . 
  our current system is a complete mess , with devolution for 19.5 % of the population , but no `` local '' control for the other 4/5 people . 
  it 's a mess and the situation as it is will sooner or later tear the uk apart . 
  not because the uk is n't viable , it completely is , but simply because you ca n't have a nation like the uk running as it is in perpetuity i do n't believe . 
   but it also included plans to abolish the scottish parliament and revert the smoking ban . 
  neither of those are likely to garner them much support in scotland . 
  i 'd support both of those . 
  edit : i r scottish . 
  i know mate , i know . 
  for everywhere tbh . 
  it 's not that most people really give a fuck what colour someone is , few mind living next to a wealthy local professor no matter what colour he is . 
  but in many countries you get ghettos of ethnic minorities , and people take the shortcut of `` do n't want to live next to person of other colour '' as a way of meaning `` keep me out of the ghetto '' . 
  all imo obvs . 
  britain is lying . 
  it 's not really about racism so much as culture , values , and wealth , but a short cut for that would generally be to live around other whiteys because they 'll share all three . 
  being unreasonable is kind of part and parcel of being religious . 
   some extremist north indians even consider themselves to be part of the ` superior ' indo-aryan race , as opposed to the dravidian south they should come to europe and try that one out . 
  the gypsies are doing great ... 
  / r/europe and / r/unitedkingdom are basically my homes on reddit , along with a good few other small to tiny subreddits . 
  the big ones are all shit . 
  i 'd venture to say nearly anything over 100,000 users is terrible except for / r/askscience which is moderated by wonderful wonderful hitlers . 
  it 's not about not being funny , it 's just ... / r/europe is better than your average sub . 
  big subs are all shit , so ... makes sense not to advertise a good sub in a big sub . 
  economy built on nothing but oil and gas . 
  gas go down , russia go down . 
  gas go up , russia go up . 
  crossposting between / r/europe and / r/funny = terrible idea . 
  do n't let them know the place exists !, 
  what , desire to preserve my life ? 
   claiming the lowlanders are just a bunch of bloody southerners . 
  i see you 've met me xd, 
  yup , and non-scots who 've been here for a few years with an axe to grind or bigoted/ignorant opinions all to vote , it 's frustrating . 
  every polish person i know is intending to vote and to vote yes , i 've met several english people who 're voting yes because `` if the scots want independence they can have it , and screw them '' ( ignoring that that 's what the motherfucking referendum is about ) . 
  i actually think it would have been worth doing it by parentage or birth , it would have been a lot of extra bother , but fuck me are some people taking the piss by voting in our referendum when they 've essentially got no knowledge and no stake in it . 
  you could make that argument infinitely . 
  we already have self-government at a national level , we 'd also have self-government at a national level - what do i care if the parliament is 300 miles away or 600 miles away ? 
  people who seek to divide national lines but such a fluid thing as national identity really just do my nut in . 
  i do . 
  just because i figure there 's no more difference between scottish culture and english than between irish and english . 
  he 's got you there mate , he is correct . 
  and it fucking will too . 
  i 'm british and will continue to call myself such regardless of the outcome of this , but you can guarantee that within a few years people will be asking if i 'm english or welsh when i say such a thing . 
  there 's already scots out there who 'll look at you funny if you do n't describe yourself first and foremost as scottish . 
  i know , absurd really . 
  you should know this best of all , you were in the regs , you know why we have an army . 
  you know what its core purpose is . 
  we do n't just hope that no-one invades and claim that because it does n't happen very often its worth the benefits of not having a military . 
  no hammy , i 'm not , i accept that bad things happen , that people miss , that people commit murder . 
  we have laws to deal with these things though , and it 's unacceptable to me to say that people must hide away and pray they do n't get picked on by robbers or rapists or murderers because they 've got no realistic capability to defend themselves . 
  right , because people who 've had military training to use weapons are totally the worst people to be owning weapons . 
  wow ... woulda guessed a different ending to that word ... 
   in your twisted system we have more freedom when every person holds the power of life and death over everyone they meet . 
  you act as if firearms are the only way life can be ended . 
  you familiar with cars ? 
  with knives ? 
  with fists ? 
   in a more sober view , that amounts to gaining one freedom ( the freedom to kill ) at the expense of a host of others exercised far more frequently and to greater gain . 
  freedom to carry a tool , not the freedom to kill . 
  honestly i ca n't be bothered answer the rest of your post , if you 're that poor at reasoning to deduce such an idiotic thing as `` freedom to kill '' from the right to carry a firearm then you 're not worth my time . 
  you precisely lack your freedom , although i 'm sure in your twisted system you somehow justify a reduction in rights increasing your freedom . 
   the laws that judge your actions are not much consolation to the parents of the kid who you shot for pulling a phone out of his pocket when he walked by you at 2am . 
  laws do not provide consolation , they establish a pseduo-moral framework which we must live within . 
  you are saying that because i may judge something badly i should not be allowed to make that judgement at all , an extremely authoritarian position to take , and one which i reject . 
  i am saying i accept that actions have responsibility attached , and that i 'll take that responsibility . 
  i am an adult , i am a human being , i want my freedom , and i 'll take my responsibilities . 
  if you wish to be infantilised by the state then by all means go ahead but do not try to force your desire upon those of us who accept adulthood . 
   in your eyes . 
  what you perceive as a threat is not necessarily congruent with what actually is . 
  that 's why we have laws which judge my actions . 
  you want to state any other trivially obvious objections while you 're at it ? 
   and no , the basic point is that by increasing the stakes , you increase the chances that criminals will carry firearms too . 
  this arms race has ramifications for everyone . 
  you claim that without evidence , so i dismiss it without evidence . 
  even if you had evidence , i still refuse to cower in the hope that others will treat me less harshly . 
  that 's not how i want to live my life , and if that 's how you want to live yours , i feel kind of sorry for you . 
  whether i carry a firearm or not has no consequences for anyone except those who try to wrong me . 
   what do you think when you see an armed policeman ? 
  do you feel uneasy around them ? 
  nothing , why on earth do you feel uneasy around them ? 
   simply no good reason or need to in the uk . 
  self-defence is a good reason . 
  people die from violent crime in the uk . 
  until this is n't the case , i pretty much ignore the claim of `` no good reason '' from anyone who claims it , and their opinion henceforth means very much less to me . 
  so you 're saying it 's wrong to defend yourself in case people who want to do wrong may decide to do more wrong ? 
  essentially , be meek in case those who would do you wrong will do you more wrong if you oppose their wrongness ? 
  no thanks . 
   now go sit in your little bunker and wait for the world to end fuck off you condescending cunt . 
  i 've been perfectly civil to you this entire debate up until now , and you 've been perfectly rude to me in every single post .
