  the russians were obviously basically as evil as the germans and were also on the winning side , and the americans , while not fucking evil like the germans/russians , were ... very self-interested . 
  it 's certainly not a clear cut `` goodies vs. baddies '' thing though . 
  you only need to look at which side finland was on , and the story they underwent throughout ww2 to realise that this was not a morally clear cut event in any way . 
  or else what ?? 
  people might stop hating my very name ? 
  it 's funny , i 'd almost illicit less vitriol and hatred from some of the residents around these parts if i just straight out trolled , as opposed to expressing the stuff i do . 
   initially i thought that from things you said particularly about muslims please now , i speak about islam frequently and i speak about muslims occasionally , but do n't conflate the two   and a general militant mindset in some ways far less militant than many of the residents of / uk and / europe . 
   you are right about the germans though , the red army was particularly atrocious and they did n't even invent the gas chamber . 
  it was n't just the red army . 
  in an unhappy twist of irony many germans east of germany found themselves undergoing the exact same experience that jews within german lands had undergone 10 years early - they ceased being considered to be `` of '' that country , even if the family had lived in the same house for 3 generations , knew the whole community , and so forth . 
  all of a sudden they become unwelcome foreigners , liable to persecution . 
  were i more childish i 'd call it just deserts , however we all know that an ethnic german in east europe probably had no more hand in the holocaust than their next door neighbour did . 
  ww2 was shitty . 
  ach , you ask me the reds getting to keep k\u00f6nigsberg was egregious - that was an intentional `` haha fuck you we 're keeping your spiritual home city for time immemorial '' . 
  indeed , and while i may accept vocal as a description , i am afraid to disappoint you by telling you that i am in fact not racist . 
  sorry about that . 
  yup , and special branch can basically do whatever the fuck they want , as well . 
  oh have i found another person who 's remembered me and does n't like me ? 
  i 'm starting to feel like i 'm getting famous around these parts ... 
  and so they should have been . 
  germany lost too much territory after dubya dubya 2 . 
  america 's < < < way . 
  to an extent . 
  something like 10 million germans were forced to move after ww2 to escape starvation or violent death . 
  pretty fucked up part of history that no-one gives a shit about . 
  my bad , misread the article . 
  upvotes to you !, 
  rhetorical question my friend . 
  my point is that it does come across as a tad hypocritical that the guardian will publish article after article criticising the government for cutting funding for x , y , and z , but then turn around and publish this as if it 's neutral . 
  i mean , the title might as well be `` the deficit is the worst it 's been in decades and that 's exactly what we support '' . 
  this would be the same guardian which non-stop tells us how evil the government is for cutting budgets , yes ? 
  seems like the most sensible option . 
  the universe is clearly a very british place . 
  you 're implying that the universe began with the formation of the united kingdom ? 
  this would make sense ... 
  it does n't matter . 
  the universe has existed for 14 billion years or so , and will possibly exist for that again , or 10 times that again , or an infinity of time . 
  the number of configurations of the quadrillions of avagadros constants of atoms which will make up my body over the course of my entire lifetime will form an inconceivably large number of configurations throughout the universe over the course of its existence . 
  plus the name 's not really about an order of things , or anything like that , it just came from a realisation that i am just made up of bits of `` dust '' and i am very , very small , and fleeting . 
  as are we all . 
  sir rogery dodgery schlongadong jammie dodger asquith earl grey iii kbe, 
  oh i know . 
  a crude attempt at a `` poland can not into space '' joke . 
  referencing , i suppose , the fact that irish people seem to have available to them a great many rights and privileges normally only available to uk citizens . 
   so , if one want to invade britain and there you have the reason we 're not worried ... 
  i knew i recognised your name from somewhere . 
  i was once a star , or rather , lots of stars . 
  then i exploded , or rather , exploded lots of times . 
  then i was lots of dust . 
  now i 'm me . 
   has really 250 000 brits died from the cold ? 
  it 's safe to say no . 
  that would be 0.4 % of our population . 
  ireland ca n't out of commonwealth ... ? 
  so are they trying to claim it 's not fenno-ugric or what ? 
  our government mate , 
  you may joke about that last part , but we need the large country leadership of the eu to be a triumverate , not a single country , nor germany vs. france every time . 
  germany , france , and the uk all need each other . 
  they 're considerably richer ( 50 % higher gdp per cap than romania ) , do n't have roma , there are one quarter as many of them , and the country is perceived as a nice touristy place to go , not a scary eastern european place to get mugged in . 
  not condoning any of the perceptions by the way , just pointing out what i 'd guess would be the reasons . 
  to an extent . 
  we 've had a few freed slaves since 1833 , but most of our coloured immigration happened from the 1950 's onwards . 
  of course there are , i ca n't imagine there are many countries without that . 
  it 's interesting to think that this will largely affect england . 
  while scotland does have immigrants . 
  currently england is about 85 % white ( of all varieties ) . 
  scotland is approx . 
  97 % white . 
  my mind was fairly blown when i found out that as of 2001 , scotland only had 1100 black people in it . 
  i mean , 1100 ? 
  honest opinions on this ? 
  make throwaways if you do n't want to be honest under your own username , but i 'm curious to hear honest beliefs . 
   `` british '' does not necessarily mean `` white '' like perhaps `` swedish '' might . 
  britain has an indigenous coloured population . 
  no it does n't : /, 
  so , essentially `` how dare you not let us move to your continent ! '' ? 
  i 'm tired of this shit , we have no real duty to take anyone from anywhere * , the majority of people on this planet are not going to be particularly helpful to us or improve our continent . 
  i 've got no issue with immigration , i 've got no issue with the eu accepting people who have skills and talent to offer , but the idea that we somehow have a right to take every one of the 800 million africans who 'd like a better life is horseshit and , frankly , how * dare * anyone suggest we 're evil bastards for not just taking everyone who fancies coming to our countries . 
  * please no-one quote me stuff about asylum , yes , we * do * do that but that 's a choice and one we could quite easily reject . 
  our european brothers . 
  they 're wealthy . 
  we feel sorry that they 're having to bear so much of the bailouts , but that 's the price of being in the euro , and germany is doing pretty well out of the euro anyway . 
  generally very positive opinions . 
  it would seem that the food standards agencies across most of the eu had become complacent and just assumed that no-one would be this greedy . 
  there will obviously be a huge amount of reform , and , perhaps consolidation of the regulatory powers . 
  you quite possibly already have . 
  you have curry houses in germany ? 
  they actually already tested for human meat , depressingly , although at least it 's not that . 
  2014 and scotland might be doing an estonia on that front . 
  it did not . 
  the inner london population was just a shade over 3,000,000 in the most recent stats i can find . 
  the north eastern scotland population is actually too low , at only about 500,000 , however inner london is 319 km ^ 2 , while ne scotland is 6400 km ^ 2 . 
  the system is not perfect , however it works . 
  they like money for themselves , the red cross are n't much into giving rich white sheikhs more of it , and they can get plenty out of the ground . 
  huh , i live in the 12th richest nuts 2 region of the uk , out of 271 . 
  now wonder my rent 's so damn high . 
  it 's russia , what d'you expect ? 
  in general i say `` hear hear ! '', 
  however i 'm not sure we have nearly all the nations of europe . 
  europe is 50 nations , i ca n't think that we regularly see posters from more than maybe 25-30 .
