  most view it overall in a fond manner , but my impression is that most do n't really have much of an idea of the good things done , or the atrocities . 
  it 's sad to say but the colonies which are doing by far the best are the ones where we killed all the natives and took over . 
  the exceptions to this being the ultra-small colonies like singapore , hk , malta , gib , etc. 
  with regards to the rivals , obviously our colonies are the best colonies . 
  the only countries that came close were the iberians , but ... south america ? 
  mostly well . 
  sadness at how shitty some of them have become since we left . 
  a lot of our colonies were transitioned so badly they were ruined in the process . 
  op said `` former '' colonies , 
  yeah , i mean , what did the romans ever do for us ? 
  now now , this is / r/europe , lets not embarrass our fellow europeans about slightly incorrect usage of language , especially not brits - we get considerably less education in the subject than the rest of you . 
  estonia has significant natural resources , low taxation , a highly diversified economy , and the state just does n't do as much for you as many countries do . 
  that requires the discipline to have a nation who wo n't cry out for more and more and more from the politicians , a l\u00e1 greece, 
  i 've met a couple of fairly cheery ones . 
  they were not the norm though . 
  it would seem like the solution to this would be increased cooperation between the french and british licensing authorities - not just arresting a bunch of ski instructors . 
   the guy is not qualified . 
  as it says , he 's qualified if he works for the french companies , just not qualified working for british tour groups . 
  is there justification for that ? 
  well , it 's france , they 're protectionist . 
  that 's what they do . 
  i can hope the eu will step in and get involved , although i wo n't count on it . 
  yes , they stopped producing as much money so people got angry and now they want to kill the golden goose as punishment . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  i 'm specifically referring to roma , that is all . 
  that looks pretty terrible . 
  i hope his money was n't under his mattress . 
  i question whether organised gangs of roma moving hundreds of miles to beg are the same group of people as people down in their luck in their local city . 
  i do completely agree within the group you 're talking about , but given we were more talking about immigrant beggars ( as absurd as that sounds ) , it applies less i imagine . 
  that 's ok , you should try the spanish ... whooooooooooooooooooooosh !, 
  actually i was carrying on with the pretence that i thought frisian meant belgian of some variety and so implying by the franco-german halfbreed that flems were just germans and walloonians just frenchies . 
  just something i like do with you low country dudes ` cos you 're all just brothers across the water and can take a joke . 
  fuck everything that moves and do n't forget to conquer 1/3 of the world . 
  just about cover it ? 
  cry shame all you want , the majority of roma moving around the eu are from romania . 
  me saying that is no different than if he 'd said `` you 'll see british beggers '' and i said `` yeah i saw some welsh in ... '' . 
  lol , i do n't care mate , you intentionally poke fun and sometimes the odd person takes it seriously !, 
  probably one of you crazy franco-german halfbreeds :p, 
  typical belgians ... 
  i blame the thoroughly excessive quantity of writing i 'm doing right now for my declining ability to spell . 
  according to wolfram alpha the average english word is 5.1 characters . 
  i 've typed 98,895 characters in the last 48 hours , meaning perhaps 8000 words per day right now ? 
  i reckon i 'm allowed to spell one or two incorrectly with those stats . 
  all in all , sounds pretty democratic to me , thanks buddy !, 
  i do agree . 
  my experience is though that the uk is ... vicious in ensuring that its citizenry get keep their money - that 's not justification for action or anything , just that it 's my experience that uk governments tend to be very much hard line on the issue . 
  why bother ? 
  there 's two responses disputing it , and i 've explained and conceded the point . 
  seems strange that you care so much , frankly . 
  yeah you 're right , sorry that article is terribly written , had to do some quick research . 
  really not sure what the hell 's going on there then , i do n't understand the reasoning . 
   as bank of cyprus uk limited is a separately capitalised that would seem to be saying that there was a separate pot of money for the uk branch , whether you like or dislike this , playing semantics will not change it . 
   if depositors of laiki in uk can be transferred under the boc uk then why not depositors in cyprus and greece ? 
  because it is the cypriot banks which have failed , not boc uk . 
  d'you think they care ? 
  i do n't see why you 're baffled , i said it because that 's what i 'd been told . 
  if i 'm wrong then fine , no big deal , it was cited as an example but it need not be there for the original point to hold anyhow . 
  dunno about denmark , but once you sell `` newspapers '' ( big issue in the uk ) you 're self-employed , once you 're self-employed for a bit you can claim welfare benefits . 
  begging just being a side-angle . 
  i think they 're going everywhere tbh , in aberdeen there are still plenty of local beggers , but the ratio must be about 50:50 between down on their luck scots and roma . 
  which means they 've travelled all the way from south eastern europe just to beg . 
  sad really . 
  yes , but that does not mean that the money was n't in a separate pot ( it was ) or that it was n't being held in the uk . 
  yeah , i saw some roma in helsinki , a few in tampere , and once one in turku . 
  all roma though . 
   bank of cyprus uk limited is a separately capitalised , uk-incorporated bank different pot of money , and in a country with different rules . 
  if it was a uk incorporated bank it * was * operating in the uk , even if as a subsidiary of another bank operating in cyprus . 
  see my other response . 
  perhaps municipal legislation in turku . 
  interesting , well , went out with a finn for nigh on 4 years and she told me that when i asked why there were no beggers on the streets . 
  said the police would scoop 'em up and get them to a shelter . 
  regardless , criminalisation of the homeless is not * necessarily * the worst thing in the world , and does n't really have any impact upon the status of a country as a democracy , nor really do most women 's rights issues ( outside of voting ) , removal of hate crime legislation , and so forth . 
  the author does n't seem to understand the difference between `` stuff i do n't like '' and `` anti-democratic '' . 
  yes and of course that 's going to happen because feminist groups totally care about seeing 40 % of coal miners being female too ... 
  can any hungarians tell me how overblown this is ? 
  alarm bells went off when that talked of `` criminalisation '' of the homeless - it 's illegal to beg on the street in finland too , that does n't make them not a democracy . 
  hard to tell from this article whether this is a grand claim composed of lots of things that the author does n't like going on in hungary , or a realistic claim expressed poorly . 
  the fuck is the point of finland if you 're not drunk ? 
  right , but they did n't ... y' know , murder them , unlike half of europe . 
  it was a joke along the lines of the usa being quite a hospitable place for jews in the 1940 's . 
  always gon na be k\u00f6nigsberg in my head , the russians really are great at taking over great cities and just turning them to utter mediocrity ( see `` viipuri '' ), 
  my bad , sorry yes it was . 
  stalin carried out so many mass-starvations that i get them mixed up in time . 
  ah yes , i 've heard of the civil war but do n't know much . 
  honestly off the cuff i 'd totally support it - it stopped greece turning into another red state . 
  it 's not like the yanks were the only ones sticking their fingers in that pudding , either . 
   if you read the eugenic essays and implementations yeah some of the eugenics stuff was definitely morally on the precipice . 
  i did n't really count that as related to ww2 though . 
  which abuses in greece ? 
  i must confess i never took a huge interest in ww2 southern europe . 
   the mechanism that drove ww1 +2 has n't yet been dismantled . 
  ww1 was driven by empires , and emperors , so i 'd say it essentially has . 
  well , few east of the curtain had a nice time foodwise after the war . 
  stalin killed 2-7 million ukranians for shits and giggles - but how many people have heard of the holodomor ? 
  with the views of some of the people on / r/europe and / r/unitedkingdom i 'd be embarrassed if they * did n't * disagree with me . 
  i know , my point was that cities in central europe tend to get renamed by whomever happens to live in them . 
  indeed , those who survived . 
  modern understanding of the pre-ww2 and especially pre-ww1 empire-states is really lacking . 
  it 's rare to meet someone who understands that in those days empires did n't have their lines drawn purely along ethnic barriers - in many ways the europe of 1900 was considerably more ethnically mixed than the europe of 2000 . 
  i 'd disagree there to an extent , obvious bias is obvious but i think the motivations of the uk and the aims of the uk were pretty decent , and the uk was on the winning side .
