  i 'm rather glad saddam is gone though , if that 's what you 're asking ? 
  you could always have anders patrol the border . 
  given that every swede is essentially a liberal socialist pinko commie he 'd shoot every last one trying to make it over . 
  it 'd give him something to do besides whining that his video games are n't good enough , too . 
  nah , our mexicans are poles . 
  poles are the ones who work the shit jobs because they 're trying to improve their lot in life and get some potato . 
  poles come for like 5 years , or forever , they settle , they tend to have kids , they tend to aspire to better jobs . 
  aussies are historically barmen across the uk because they often come over here for a year or five , working their way around the country as bar men - essentially they do extended holidays here . 
  australians compose about 1 in every 620 people in the country , but they compose waaaaaaaay more than 1 in every 620 bar men . 
  of course , given our links to australia , a lot of young brits go there for a while too , and inevitably work similar jobs if they work at all while they 're on * their * working holiday in australia . 
  so it 's no doubt the case that aussies are as much our bar men as we are theirs . 
  i know loads of people who 've gone out to oz for a year or so , and i know a few who 've stayed . 
  you mean that time we enforced un security council resolution 1973 which authorised a no fly zone for the purposes of protecting civilians and was proposed by lebanon , france , and the uk - supported by colombia , gabon , nigeria , south africa , and bosnia ? 
  the time in which libyan citizens rose up and deposed their government ? 
  if you do n't , then i think you might need to check your history , friend . 
  there does n't need to be a ww3 . 
  france is selling baseball bats to men who beat their neighbours up . 
  just because we 're not going to start shooting at them any time soon does n't make it ok . 
  in the case of selling military technology to nations they should n't be selling to , france will never * have a choice * and their economy after all , will never * be so good * . 
  this is purely an issue of choice . 
  the sales represent less than 0.1 % of the french annual budget . 
  their own government could buy these boats with ease , and there are plenty of other nations which would buy them which are n't aligned against us . 
  france is simply choosing the option which is best for business . 
  all about the $ $ $ . 
  i 'd say that when it comes to arms dealing , france is the america of europe , but america actually has and maintains standards . 
  invade with massive forces , destroy the south sudanese military , approach juba just to demonstrate that we can utterly destroy them if we please , and then carve the country in two and make the northern half a ~ ~ puppet state ~ ~ protectorate of the united kingdom , obviously . 
  thank goodness you agree that that 's the moral course of action . 
  defence budget is decreasing across europe . 
  still , the cost of these ships represents less than 0.1 % of the french annual budget . 
  furthermore , defence budgets are increasing in many nations outside of europe which are n't aligned in opposition to the eu . 
  actually there is . 
  the deal could have been scrapped the ships either incorporated into the french navy or sold to other nations . 
  aaaaaaaand you 're getting deported . 
  yeah definitely . 
  we still let them in but our immgiration rules are getting progressively tighter . 
  add to that the fact that australia is now absurdly wealthy and that while the uk is still a wealthy country , if you 're working a minimum wage job these days life is not nearly so comfortable as it was in 2006 ( which was * very * comfortable ) . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you ca n't just invade a country and carve it up because the government has decided to assert its legal and sovereign authority in its own nation . 
   contracts are from a while back , job is almost done , money is good , like if other countries would n't do the same . 
  there was concern when the contract was announced , and many including myself condemned it . 
  the fact that russia has since invaded a nation just adds to the concerns . 
  many countries would n't have signed the contact in the first place . 
  no , i 'm annoyed that france is selling ships to russia . 
  i thought that might be obvious . 
   us 's most distinguished soviet/russia historian , stephen cohen us 's most distinguished russia apologist , yes  well known for it . 
   on georgia , everybody knows georgia brought that on itself . 
  georgia asserts it 's authority on it 's sovereign territory and the russians claim casus belli . 
  what a load of shite . 
  russia continues to commit acts of aggression against its neighbours both overty and covertly . 
  russia 's side of the story ? 
  they 've invaded two countries in 6 years , promoted insurgencies and uprisings in four other sovereign nations in the name of freedom while brutally putting down any in their own lands . 
  they threaten and bully their neighbours , and have just annexed the territory of a sovereign nation . 
  you deem to insult me by claiming i 'm a parrot then trot out the old familiar trope of not having swallowed russia 's propaganda hook , line and sinker meaning i am somehow not open minded . 
  as for your quote , as much as i enjoy the bard , it is far from apt , given it 's context in the play . 
  ffs france . 
  selling weapons to the enemy . 
  seriously ... 
  indeed . 
  we need to make the ditch wider and less inviting . 
  who cares what the bar man thinks ? 
  god damn , you know your economy is doing good when swedes are your australians . 
  worth noting that senior management is attained normally in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  between 16-64 the russian population is 92 men per 100 women , but once we look at 65 and up it reduces drastically to 46 men per 100 women - even assuming a linear drop in the ratio from 16 to 65 , that necessarily means a much smaller pool of males in the senior management age range . 
  as much as i like the idea of a federal eu , i think that a lot of people who 're fond of the idea picture their own ideal when they think of it , when of course the reality is that there are 500,000,000 other people in our little superstate who have very different ideas of what the union should look like . 
  as for the capital city , brussels obviously . 
  dominions were autonomous pseudo-states under uk sovereignty :p, 
   there are basically three types of nuclear waste - low level , intermediate level , high level . 
  the latter is the one that is impossible to reprocess and thus needs to be stored which is , in my opinion , far too dangerously as no-one is able to predict what will happen to a nuclear waste storage in thousands of years to come . 
  spare me the basic explanations , i 've demonstrated that i understand these things . 
   and thus needs to be stored which is , in my opinion , far too dangerously as no-one is able to predict what will happen to a nuclear waste storage in thousands of years to come . 
  all industrial biproducts must be stored , some indefinitely . 
  nuclear waste has the advantage of only being dangerous for a certain length of time . 
  this length of time is well within our capability of dealing with , either via vitrification of waste and seabed disposal or deep geological cavern storage . 
  you can go on about disagreeing with this if you want but it 's not a fact up for debate . 
   fukushima of course . 
  which has killed no-one and is unlikely to ever kill anyone . 
  need i mention bhopal ? 
   death rate is irrelevant because we are basically discussing 0 deaths through renewable energy . 
  no we 're not , we 're discussing the millions of death coal causes because right now the option is n't nuclear vs. renewable it 's nuclear vs. coal . 
   seabed storage is not permitted by the london agreement [ 1 ] . 
  i 'm aware of this , but conventions can be changed . 
   it 's also nearly impossible to watch over a seabed storage or get it out again in case something goes wrong ( if we can not monitor it , we can not even tell when something goes wrong ) . 
  firstly , of course we can monitor it , and secondly , what do you mean `` if something goes wrong ? '' . 
   vitrification will embed high nuclear waste in glass and is then stored in glass molds . 
  vitrification turns waste * into * glass . 
   these glass moulds can burst if actinide concentration in nuclear waste is too high . 
  this is perfectly controllable . 
   also , monitoring all this waste for thousand of years is going to be much , much expensive than simply investing in renewable ones right now . 
  we do n't need to monitor it for thousands of years though , once it 's safely in place at a long term storage location we can essentially seal that up and leave it . 
  that 's the entire point of long term storage , we do n't know if there 'll even be a government to look after this stuff in 300 years so we deal with it now , permanently . 
   ow , now you 're getting overly dramatic . 
  we are currently discussing which way to go to the same goal ( at least i understood you that way ) - no need for insults . 
  it 's not an insult it 's just my opinion . 
  you 're supporting a technology which kills millions of people over one which in 50 years has killed fewer than 5000 people . 
   of course it 's an extreme-case scenario but we are talking about thousand years of storage . 
  well , for starters that entirely depends on which waste you 're talking about , but even given that , i 've already explained solutions above for nuclear waste . 
   two huge nuclear catastrophes in that time and several smaller i know you 're referring to chernobyl , not sure which one you 're referring to as the other `` huge '' catastrophe . 
  even so , nuclear power has caused far fewer deaths than most other forms of heavy industry or energy production , and the cause for chernobyl is fully understood and entirely avoidable . 
   things happen , even if the probability is 0,00001 % and i am not willing to take the risk that can fuck up so many of our childrens-childrens - [ ... ] - childrens . 
  well in that case kill yourself because you live in a world where there is * always * a chance of fucking up things for the future .
