  got ta love the lobotomised mindset . 
  they 'll be unhappy and hate both sides just as they do now . 
  as far as they can tell a bunch of men came from each side and decided to blow the shit out of their home towns , they 'll hate all sides . 
   this is not your home budget . 
  austerity is not the only way to do that . 
  `` home budget '' - what d'you mean by that ? 
  also , reducing expenditures is one of two ways of reducing the deficit , the other being wait for growth to overtake it , which at current rates is approximately two full years worth of growth at this year 's somewhat great growth rate , not accounting for necessary and indeed mandatory increases of government spending which exist in some areas . 
  personally i would rather we not accumulate 80 billion a year of more debt if we can help it . 
  we 're already at nearly 91 % of gdp . 
  oh right , i thought you were being a bit of a twat and arguing with me , when in fact you appear to be essentially agreeing with me . 
  but yeah , it 's pretty typical for russia really . 
  send the ukrainians off to the inner regions where they ca n't cause problems if they decide actually they feel more ukrainian than russian , and maintain ethnic russians all around so they can always stick their spoon in any soup they feel like . 
  ah the evil unequal awful uk that everyone loves to hate ... how awful we truly are shown in nice bright green . 
  they wo n't need to reconcile with a lot of the people they 're fighting . 
  agreed , milliard translates to billion . 
  we 're still running a deficit of tens of billions of pounds and both major parties are saying we need to save money to stop that . 
  s'not exactly dismantling the welfare system now is it ? 
  we have a social democratic welfare state right now mate . 
  of course they would have ... 
  well they 're ethnic russians ... 
  no of course , i 'm not saying it 'll be all sunshine and lollypops for them , just that they 're not being sent up to archangel or anything . 
  i feel sorry for them that they genuinely believe it 's the ukrainian government that 's their enemy , and not the rebels and russians , but they 've fled to a nation which using them as a tool of foreign policy and it 's unsurprising that it wo n't treat them how they might want to be treated . 
  southern siberia ( where most of the people lives ) drops to average of about -16 c in the winter . 
  that 's about 12c lower than donetsk , so hard , but nothing impossible . 
  apparantly some have been shipped to siberia , yes . 
  not that siberia is quite the terrible place people imagine it to be , but i ca n't imagine many ukrainian refugees had that in mind . 
  aye yes . 
  not everyone considers learning english to be an imperative just yet . 
  it 's the de facto lingua franca , sure , but it 's not quite completely openly dominant in the eu just yet . 
  did i done it right paw , did i ? 
  seriously though , the thing is , we pronounce the people and the place ( as in , ancient roman times ) as `` day-chia '' or `` day-cia '' - so whether the car manufacturer really wants or not , because they picked a word which exists in english already and already has a `` correct '' pronunciation in the english language , they 're kind of screwed . 
  you get the `` dumbest thing i 'll read all day '' award , 
  all bit one poll have indicated a no vote ... 
  it 's always the way with secessionist movements . 
  it 's dressed up in terms of equality or social justice or `` deciding our own way '' but most of the major secessionist movements in europe ultimately come down to the idea that there 's more money going alone than there is as part of the whole . 
  you 're a ` merican so by default an imperialist fascist oppressor ... so do n't worry about baseball !, 
  it 'll be interesting to see how much of a blow the catalan movement takes when we vote `` no '' too . 
  unfortunately their numbers have risen a great deal in europe in the last decade . 
  i wish they 'd just go off to their utopia and enjoy the wonders of living in glorious russia . 
  it 's scary the number of people in the western world who now essentially hate the western world . 
  it 's confusing how people could swallow the rt coolaid so thoroughly , but i guess some people just want to be contrarian and the `` everything you believe is a lie , trust rt '' narrative allows for a sense of superiority . 
  english , or uk ? 
  you ask about english people then you talk about support in the uk . 
  i was n't actually being serious with that second part , it just seemed the most worthwhile response given the way you frame it you 're never going to agree with me . 
  that russian expansion half way through continental europe during ww2 was unwanted . 
   to whom ? 
  that is the important question . 
  to anyone who did n't want to be part of their expansionist empire . 
   spoiler alert : british capitalists and bourgeois businessmen . 
  who , coincidentally , were running the show at the time ( and always have ) . 
  what 's a bourgeois , that like a type of stew or something ? 
   to say that these people would have preferred to revert to the agrarian monarchist shithole that was the russian empire is dishonest and a disgrace . 
  it 's a good thing i was n't saying that then is n't it ? 
  you 're a funny one you are . 
  [ indeed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_alliance_\\ ( world_war_ii \\ ) ) . 
  i know we considered the ussr to be a big threat , and that 's because it was . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you 're not * actually * going to assert that warsaw pact countries voluntarily became communist dictatorships are you ? 
   wow , fuck you . 
  nice . 
   i take it you would have been happy to fight and die killing those evil soviets and opening up eastern europe to the friendly hands of private enterprise , yes ? 
  no , and the people fighting were n't evil , they were just normal people like anyone else , but what they were fighting for , whether they knew or not , was the formation of a large empire of people , many of whom did not want to be in that empire , and that 's something which if it could have been avoided , should have . 
  we did ally with the ussr , as for appeasement , that 's a big argument to this day . 
   i never said it was ` we do n't give a shit about poland ' , what i 'm saying is that you put self-preservation before promises you 've made . 
  would you have had us do otherwise , given that defeat was certain ? 
   also , i 'm not buying ` we tried our hardest but just could n't do it ' point . 
  you certainly could have tried harder in 1939 . 
  i believe you did n't get involved until your interests were threatened . 
  what should we have done ? 
   after the war , you could have also done more to protect the poles who were already in the west , instead you sent a lot them back to poland , often at gunpoint . 
  agreed . 
  every pole who was in the uk should have been welcomed to stay and given citizenship . 
  this * was * a failure of my nation . 
   again , i do n't hate you because of that , i dont think it makes uk a horrible country , i 'm just trying to explain where our sense of betrayal is coming from . 
  i know friend . 
  it just hurts . 
  try to view it from our eyes . 
  prior to ww2 we were a world power , we had an empire , we were powerful , we were important . 
  was any of that just ? 
  no , not really , but that was how it was . 
  ww2 cost us all of that . 
  ww2 took the uk from being a massive , powerful empire , to being a small nation under threat from the ussr . 
  we let that all go in order that we could fight the nazis and help stop their goal . 
   and do n't get me wrong , i know it was n't only united kingdom , but it is you we had a treaty with . 
  and the french , but they do n't give a shit , so we leave them alone because we know it 's pointless to remind them . 
  agreed . 
  the french * could * have done something . 
  they almost did with the saar offensive and then they stopped for reasons i do not understand , but from the uk , i just do n't know what more we could have done . 
  we tried , we failed , and now people hate us for it . 
  it makes me sad . 
  not because we lost the power we had in the world , every empire or world power loses its crown eventually , the uk ruled the world for hundreds of years and we were bound to lose that at some point . 
  it hurts just because i know that we were on your side and britons more than most people wanted poland to be free and happy and the ussr took that and we could n't save you , but we wanted to . 
  we tried , we failed . 
  now there 's an entire nation of people being taught to hate us because we failed . 
  that hurts . 
   please , we dont learn in school that the us and nato are evil . 
  no , that comes after . 
  for as long as i can think back , they repeatedly invaded countries ( often with false claims like wmd ) and fucked them in the ass . 
  which countries has nato invaded ? 
   but guess what ?
