  svoboda are not socialist at all ... 
  you mean the one who conquered ireland ? 
  oh i know full well . 
  it almost reinforces my point rather than taking away from it . 
  the idea that a marginal majority of a small peninsula 's recognition of their language as being a state language taken away from them is justification for the invasion of a sovereign nation is absurd and childish though . 
  indeed so , tatar is the native language of the crimea . 
  would you desire that to be that language of crimea ? 
  it 's not a foreign language , it 's their national langauge , it 's just some of them do n't speak the national language . 
  that 's their choice . 
  who are you ? 
  no , i 'm saying that it 's not the end of a world for a linguistic minority to not have their language recognised as an official state language , just as the spanish speakers survive in america , and the various other many language minorities of many many other modern states do just fine too . 
  i know . 
  actually i have considered it on the work front . 
  you guys have a distinct lack of oil but i 'm sure i could find a use for my skills somehow . 
  however will they survive without a minority language being a state language ? 
  the spanish speakers in the us of course have all perished . 
  do n't be absurd now . 
  a change in national langauge laws is no casus belli, 
  on a side note , god do i miss turku . 
  great country you guys have . 
  oh , no , i used to date a finn , and have spent many months in your country . 
  i followed finnish news and politics quite extensively during this time , and was in the country when he took his party into its current level of politics . 
  i know they are n't fascists . 
  i do n't like them one bit but to call them fascists would be retarded . 
  they 're certainly nationalists , and that was a part of my point . 
  edit : plus soini seems like a twat . 
  or the true finns , in finland ... 
  very grey . 
  well , they did choose the french design , which says something . 
  what you mean the guy who fought for his nation and got stuck in a concentration camp by hitler ? 
  the uk tory party associated in the eu with what many at the same called `` fascists '' . 
  plenty of countries around the eu currently have governments partially or entirely composed of what lot 's of leftists like to call `` fascists '' . 
  people are going to have to get used to the fact that there 's a right wing beyond traditional christian democrat parties and that it 's not inherently evil . 
   well now , look , let 's not go that far . 
  that just strikes me as xenophobic . 
  russia has been a negative , harmful entity on this planet for a century . 
  that 's long enough for me to go with that line . 
   however , that does not give us the right to characterise the entire russian population as being alike to him . 
  i was n't intending to . 
  by `` the bear '' i assumed it was obvious i referring to the russian state and government , not every single russian . 
  to generalise about 143,000,000 people would be somewhat over-confident . 
  well if it were n't hard enough to copy the russians could have just designed their own and not paid the french now , could n't they ? 
  you already have doofus , william of orange innit . 
  bloodless coup , very impressive . 
  that 's ok though , we 're bigger than you now and us lot and you lot seem to get along very well so we 're all good . 
  also , ooh , burn from dutchie to a native anglais . 
  in my defense i 've been up for 28.5 hours and this is not my first beer i 'm drinking . 
  interestingly , the `` one in the same '' artefact comes about from the way that brits speak . 
  we say `` one and the same '' so fast that it comes out as `` wun - 'n' - the-same '' which gets expanded out erronously to `` one in the same '' as opposed to the correct `` one and the same '' . 
  there are plenty of written errors you get for similar reasons , such as people rarely hearing the '' - ed '' at the end of `` biased '' and therefore assuming that the term for biased is its root `` bias '' and saying things such as `` you 're bias '' . 
  i should go to bed ... 
  ah , i 'd hoped i 'd made the sarcasm thick enough that it would be obvious even across language barriers , my apologies . 
  well , i complained about this when it happened and people said `` oh do n't be silly the cold war is over , war in europe is a thing of the past '' . 
  never trust the bear . 
  negative . 
  the ship may be built by stx but it 's a french design , and in military kit the technology and design is the most important aspect . 
  independence from authoritarian neighbours ? 
  how ever will ukraine cope not being continually bullied and carved up by it 's neighbouring powers . 
  oh these are n't russians , they 're `` pro russian defense forces '' . 
  you ca n't hold any russian people responsible for any actions of these magical `` pro russian defense forces '' - because the former is nothing to do with the latter and totally not to blame for their actions . 
  right , sure , we should dissolve all national boundaries and everyone should share all their food and possessions and work as much as they feel like . 
  come on now , let 's be adults for a little while and face the reality of the world . 
  urgh , whatever , i think you 're a stupid asshole tbh . 
  svoboda are quite clearly not fascist unless you 're one of those daft cunts who calls everyone right of centre fascist ( which you seem to be ) , they 're a right wing nationalist party , which there are plenty of in the world and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  svoboda are n't fascist , and right sector do n't have anyone in government , and only poll at about 1 % ( that said , i would n't call them fascist either , although definitely hard right nationalists ) . 
  which is really a false choice given they 're one in the same . 
  which in this case it does n't , unless you want to reference putin . 
  they are not a fascist party , they are a nationalist party . 
  there is a difference . 
  nationalist ! = fascist . 
  the scottish national party are nationalist , they 're certainly not fascist . 
  un intervention ! = all sanctions , but sure whatever . 
  it 's march . 
  russia does n't recognise the legitimacy of the elections which are going to be held , and describe the entire thing as a fascist coup . 
  i 'd actually support this . 
  housewives get basic allowance , divorce proceedings are simplified . 
  each divorcee gets to keep what they 've earned and the proportion of joint assets they paid for . 
  on the face of it it seems absurd , but actually it makes ok sense . 
  of course you 'd have to pay stay at home husbands the money too , and i do n't see how it would help people `` leave '' their partners because presumably they 'd then move onto unemployment benefit no longer being a partner , but i suppose it allows for some personal money to be built up , so yeah , good idea . 
  they ca n't block sanctions we place on them . 
  we 're their largest trading partner , and if the eu decides to slap them around economically they ca n't stop that . 
  they can hit back , but they ca n't stop it . 
  so do n't live near biogenic gas deposits . 
  despite the hysteria , the widely reported cases of that in the us were due to gas which has been present in aquifers for thousands of years , nothing to do with fracking . 
  they certainly do buy them . 
  because the russians are so fond of levelling their cities ? 
  because ireland will be doing so much ... 
  your article references the uk , not ireland . 
  they 're not the same country anymore y' know prussia , 
  how is it when the rest of the euro 's so constantly have a go at us for not being `` involved '' enough in the eu that a joke like this sails cleanly over so many heads ? 
  is / r/europe filled with people who 're 3 ft tall ? 
  do n't you live in the uk ? 
  you should understand this , spam !, 
  how rude . 
  not as such , aside from the fact that these figures are n't totally up to date , they also do n't account for training , ability to actually use all of the mentioned kit , and also do n't count qualitative differences , which are frankly huge in some of those categories . 
  about 1000 . 
  poland actually surprisingly stronk . 
  ah poland , the uk of europe . 
  i do rather like you chaps . 
  edit : perhaps should n't have made this joke in / r/europe , evidently plenty of people here are n't comprehending this one .
