   saying one hates a religion but not it 's followers is just an excuse to not appear to be racist . 
  bollocks to you !, 
  the torah has an awful lot of nasty shit in it , and the concept of an all powerful god is utterly lacking in evidence . 
  a person can hate judaism and not hate the jewish semitic people ( believe it or not , afterall , there are non-jewish jews ) . 
  well for the racism accusation : tories , bnp , nf , c&u , english democrats , tup , snp . 
  plenty more too . 
  against the semitic people ? 
  yes . 
  against the religion ? 
  that could be said for many parties . 
  it 's not a valid slur . 
  sigh ... they 're aesthetically repugnant , they completely destroy a lot of the logic by ignoring the etymology of words , and many of his alterations were simply done to `` create '' a `` language '' which was significantly different than english because in the post-revolution days it was cool to not be like daddy . 
  i was n't saying it did n't function , i was claiming it was a synthetically constructed language , something created , not evolved . 
  having looked into it some more it appears to be a real mix of both . 
  you think the bostonian accent comes from britain ? 
  i mean not fully synthetic , no language is `` complete '' in any meaningful manner . 
  not academically , aesthetically ? 
  gods yes . 
  i like duck eggs . 
  it seems quite likely that the sort of accents which are still spoken in parts of the us are similar to what was ( and in some places still is ) spoken in the uk . 
  obviously large parts of the us population descend from the british population , so it makes sense that their accents would be derived from ours and in some cases that accents would have survived in the us which did n't in the uk . 
  i would not imagine that the very generic newscaster american accent is what you would have found , but i 've heard accents from small communities of more remote americans which have obvious direct analogues here in the uk . 
   the hell do you mean by that ? 
  i thought it was a rather clear analogy . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm saying that the changes that webster and the ilk that followed him carried out were butchery done with a chainsaw . 
   asl , and all other sign languages , came up perfectly normally and are fully functional languages . 
  you may actually be right . 
  the history of them is quite convoluted . 
  it seems there has been some element of synthetic development but not to the extent i was under the impression of , so i 'll agree they 're not fully constructed entities , and are largely natural . 
  sorry , but it 's really not worth my time to get into a debate with someone who does n't believe in the cold war . 
  you 're right . 
  difference is not wrongness . 
  but websters changes ? 
  you do n't attack a pig with a chainsaw and then claim that the bloody mess you leave on the barn floor is just as valid a dinner as the gourmet food in the dining room . 
  got no beef with asl though , they 're all synthetic languages anyway . 
  ah you lot can speak fine enough so long as you 're drunk . 
   and all the bilingual people i know are very well spoken . 
  hiberno-english was born out of a society that was bilingual so reverting back to something similar would have little further effect on the way we speak english here . 
  perhaps , but i seriously have trouble believing that any people from the british isles have it in them to actually be arsed learning two languages en masse while growing up . 
  it 's just not hugely in our culture to do so . 
  yes , but then your english will get shitty . 
  true enough , that was one of the few parts of africa we did n't bother with ... 
   so why ca n't we have a country fluent in both irish and english ? 
  because we 're really , really lazy , and we 've never shown much inclination to learn second languages before ? 
   and i would n't say more people speak french , the average understanding of french here is no better than the average understanding of irish . 
  you might not , but your demographic statistics do . 
  that varies by country , some countries in europe teach proper english , while others teach a mix , and still others teach `` american '' english . 
  it 's 4am on saturday for you , what the hell are you doing not hungover enough to be unable to type and also not in bed ? 
  sort it out lads , otherwise you 'll start to be confused for the septics . 
  reviving irish is essentially a romantic thing though . 
  english is the day to day tongue , and more of you speak french than do irish . 
  it would n't even be especially beneficial to speak it a primary language , your english brings you massive advantages on the world stage , from economics to cultural interactivity . 
  aww look ... he thinks he 's people !, 
  my language ? 
  yes . 
  because my language is english . 
  but scottish gaelic ? 
  not really . 
  spoken by fewer than 50,000 people , usable in very few areas of scotland , nowhere outside . 
  there are many languages i would think others should learn before learning gaelic . 
  it 's just the same old people pushing the same old agenda ... 
  the uk does a great deal of governmental work . 
  we opt out of a very small percentage of that . 
  right , because before the italians could do anything about anything the ethiopians sent them packing . 
  only country to survive the scramble for africa intact . 
   i 'd be pretty accepting of it if we were one actually ; i do n't share the negative connotations associated with the word that most people do . 
   but we 're not , so it does n't matter . 
  officially speaking , no-one is anymore . 
  you 're a bot just like everything else outside the uk . 
   now that put a smile on my face !, 
  may it forever be true !, 
  as long as you lot want it , it will be . 
  that 's just how many brits view you though . 
  essentially , uk folk who happen not to be in the uk . 
  another reason to be happy i 'm not in england i suppose . 
   https://www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&amp;tbm=shop&amp;q=old+spice&amp;oq=old+spice&amp;gs_l=products-cc.3...514.1450.0.1562.9.6.0.0.0.0.0.0..0.0...0.0...1ac.1 . 
  not only easy to get , but also cheap . 
  do n't worry we get romanians next year . 
  freedom of speech . 
  aww , little defensive about being a colony are n't we ? 
  do n't worry , the rock can be bff 's with britain forever and ever and ever and ever . 
  debatable . 
  the cold war was alive and well , and through the perspective of the us and ussr it was very much an international issue . 
  life was taken cheaply in the face of total destruction . 
  you irish ? 
  you 'd be right if so , you lot were n't a colony because colonies are foreign ;p, 
  that 's nice . 
  [ do some reading . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) that 's our polite term for `` colony '' now . 
  there is n't a difference , it 's just a bunch of people who want to punish some people extra for having motivations they do n't like . 
  oh of course , but y' know , cold war and all that . 
  had to keep the reds down . 
  you were fucking terrible at getting them , frankly . 
  i mean ffs you * lost * to ethiopia !, 
   and that our government and the cia had a hand in the murder on lumumba , etc ) it was actually just suggested in our media that that was us who organised that the other day , so ... have some anti-guilt pills , 
  we ran 1/3 of the world , you 'll have to forgive the guy if he misses the odd place :p, 
  there is n't a great deal taught in schools , you mostly learn about domestic history . 
  you have to understand , our country has * so much * history , that to begin to teach the subject academically ( and hence with a degree of depth ) excludes the possibility of giving an overview of all of the shit that our four constituent nations and then nation and then empire did . 
  at least in my view , most people are largely ignorant about the colonies besides their existence , the fact that we used to have an empire .
