  what 's very disappointing is how pisspoor ecowas nations have been on this front . 
  their neighbouring country is falling to islamist and tuareg raiders , their own countries would surely be under threat if a hostile mali was allowed to arise , and yet , with all this , they still do nothing . 
  and now , even when things are really rather dire , and france is stepping in but ( fairly ) desiring not to get caught up in a ground war , the lead force from nigeria is still only going to be 600 people . 
  france is up to 2500 just like that , with a few days warning . 
  how is it that they 've been preparing 600 men since spring for an offensive they were n't intending on launching 'till september ? 
  i mean what.the.fuck ? 
  i 'm starting to get the feeling that some african nations need to decide whether they want us present or not . 
  are we to be involved in their nations , or are we to not be , because as it is it just seems like france or the uk have to drop into africa and save a government every 5-10 years because regional african organisations are too shit to do anything for themselves . 
  what the christ is with that unholy picture ? 
  ah right . 
  well , i 'd hope any true gentleman would do just as i do , which is experience the emotion , desire the cessation of it , and then quietly suppress the desire to apply ones boot to their faces . 
  hmm ? 
   we do n't have unlimited free speech freedom of speech is binary . 
  you 've either got it or you do n't . 
  we do n't . 
  i agree turkey may be by degree worse , but western europe is getting pretty terrible for this stuff , and so we 're not really in a position to preach here . 
  china is not a country that does honour or decency . 
  totally different culture and attitudes towards life . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are loads of great things about china , but just do n't ever expect the truth from the chinese state . 
  they do n't know the meaning of the word , and if they did , they 'd be confused as to why you bothered with it . 
  it 's shit and i tend to hate most of the people there . 
  nah , we can keep that shit out just by being judicious . 
  we 're big enough to resist alteration from an influx by yank . 
  i do n't mind the euros being in our uk specific network too much , so long as they stay quintessentially british , and i think they will because we do have a fairly strong group of regulars on the go already . 
  do neds go on the internet ? 
  i 'm guessing much of the icelandic sub is n't icelandics . 
  seems implausible that almost 1/100 would be subbed to that particular sub on reddit . 
  pakistani friend of mine described the attitude towards vegetarianism there . 
  families get worried and seek out cures . 
  this lady uses the term illness for dramatic effect , in pakistan they genuinely view it as an illness to be cured and worried about . 
  it 's not even like it 's that hard to pick up languages when you go to other countries . 
  i mean you are n't going to become fluent , but it should be possible to figure out how to use taxis , restaurants , pubs , hotels , and supermarkets pretty easily . 
  me too mate , me too . 
  especially if they 've got one of those horrible accents which sounds awful within the uk as it is . 
  the ones who speak loudly and repeat themselves multiple times , i mean ffs they 're not deaf , point and gesticulate if you absolutely have to , or get your fucking phrase book out and point at the words in that if they ca n't understand you saying them , or just learn some basic phrases every time you go to a place , it 's not that hard , and you tend to be able to get by on about 100 words worth of basic phrases in most countries anyway . 
  edit : i will never not hate hearing south east english children shouting `` mumeeeeeee '' which they always fucking do abroad , constantly , and it 's like listening to baby seagulls - i just want to kick them in the face and tell them no-one enjoys their presence . 
  oh i know , i was just pointing it out by way of explanation , that it 's not as if lots of norwegians are only subbing to one , there 's always going to be a proportion of anglos who sub to the english language sub but do n't bother with the native one . 
  i 'm pretty sure if i got really really drunk i 'd understand / r/norge just fine though . 
  that 's alright , using humour in relation to / r/de was just plain rude of me , 
  yup , gotcha now . 
  oh right missed that , sorry . 
  dem evil swedes , pretending to be ukrainian just so people look up to them more ... 
  i know , i was n't being serious . 
  just faux-anglocentric whining . 
  you mean the nordic cross , a flag used by 6 countries , 2 autonomous regions , 4 more historic regions , and numerous other ethnic groups and historically autonomous localities ? 
  me too , i do n't trust china in the slightest on anything . 
  that said , you 'd get jailed in germany if you said anything good about hitler , and here in the uk we 'll try to imprison you if you say anything we do n't like on the internet , meanwhile the french union of jewish students is taking twitter to court because people were nasty on the internet and they ca n't fucking hack it . 
  i 'm opposed to restrictions on expression , but lets not pretend like turkey is massively fucking off kilter here , they 're not . 
   rompuy infers implies , surely ? 
  people like me sub to most of the european subreddits which are in english but not in the native language ( unless i feel i have sufficient understanding of the basics ) . 
  / r/scotland is equally terrible and just as much of a trap . 
  mostly full of nationalist weirdos and yankees . 
  but it 's in german :(, 
  hang around / r/uk a bit more matey , we tend to use the lingo slightly more expressively around our own . 
   i like reading [ 3 ] / r/india nationalists , racists , and nutters . 
  / r/india makes real india look like paradise . 
  who did ? 
  i said partially scandinavian , and with the volume of interconnectedness present between danes and english , and between norwegians and scots , i stand by it . 
  just quickly , jutes and angles are basically nordic as it is , furthermore , you never hear of the kingdom of the isles ? 
  in fact i may as well just link [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viking_expansion ) since it 's a lovely explanation of all the various history . 
  well at least for my own country , scotland , we are partially scandinavian historically , that 's the thing . 
  well , lets face it , there 's not really much logic in any of the maps we 've drawn now is there ? 
  it 's all arbitrary . 
  very little actually - they 've got quite a bit in common with finland though . 
  well , we do primarily occupy the same sorts of space as they do . 
  i agree with the dude who put the uk in west and north , but honestly , as someone living considerably north of where denmark ends , it seems strange to think of them as northern european and not myself . 
  ah , if only we would deport them ... 
  i always found the [ un definition to be particularly sensible , if i 'm honest . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/74/europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg/1000px-europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg.png ) i know poles hate being called eastern europe , but at least for us native english speakers of the 20th century , communist states will always be east-europe , except east germany which got a pass ` cos they 're germansandyoudo n'twantopissthemoff ... 
  ... ... ( until the oil runs out ) ... ... . . 
  yeah , east is red , west is capitalist . 
  on the two tier definition , that 's how it works in old west europe . 
  well they did help , especially with reply and c4i stuff , but it 's just , they * helped * - that was it . 
  france took the lead along with the uk , and before long i was seeing americans on here saying stuff like `` when we decided to start the war in libya '' and idiotic other stuff like that . 
  it shall begin , front page with loads of americans overanalysing `` their '' latest war , all the right wing ones obsessing about how awesome usa is , all the left wing tards making irreverent comments about how we 're arming and training dictatorfascist warlords for the military industrial complex fatcat wallstreet bankers or whatever . 
   well , not really . 
  yes it is , there are over 20,000 au troops deployed in somalia . 
   it 's mostly ruled by al-shabaab . 
  that 's not the case anymore mate , keep up !, 
   al-shabaab now only control kismayo , a southern town , and a small zone around it . 
  they are all but defeated in conventional terms . 
   we just kill whoever tries to pirate our goods . 
  actually regrettably we rarely kill them . 
   we do n't do anything in the country itself as we do not need to . 
  the au has that situation well under control . 
  yes , and it is being . 
  you can tell the americans are n't involved yet because reddit is n't going nuts about it . 
  just wait 'till they send over a cargo plane or some rations and all of a sudden it 'll be everywhere on reddit , and the uk and france will be `` helping '' the americans again , as with libya . 
   when to help , and when not to . 
  wherever we are able . 
  islamic fundamentalist extremism and militancy needs to be exterminated from this globe . 
  yes , it will be . 
  there are those who are so simplistic that anything we do with our military will be wrong . 
  it * is * the same though , that 's the point . 
  chemists ( i 'm one of them ) make the exact same thing in a lab , there 's no reason to object to it . 
  i said fuckwits not hippies , the two are n't * completely * overlapping groups . 
  allowing british aircraft to fly from their airstrips was n't very neutral either , i 'd assume you 'd also argue ? 
   well allowing germany to use it 's railways , ports , and other infrastructures unhindered . 
  they let a massive german army on one of their borders go to another , it was n't like they were rushing to welcome ze nazi 's into stockholm   allowing germany to set up a government in their country was n't very neutral . 
  sauce on this ?
