   the fact we do n't know what can happen is a reason to why we need a debate and regulate genetic manipulation of food . 
  but we do know what can happen . 
  we know pretty bloody well actually . 
   one reason could be that if the gene manipulated plant enters an ecosystem it might affect it in ways we can not predict . 
  the same can be said for any modification of plants or animals that we do , and have been doing for thousands of years . 
   though as i said , the main problem is that there have n't been done a lot of research by independent scientist that 's just not true . 
  although it 's a happy surprise to find made in the uk/eu on my products simply because i know the tax is going somewhere i 'd want it to . 
  seriously though , can they be worse than this man ? 
  i doubt it . 
  berlusconi has made italy a joke , but adults in the eu realise that it is not italy that is a joke , but rather just its leader . 
  when he dies and his media empire is destroyed , and his interests gone , hopefully we can see some real progress . 
   i am not the one who actually saw a dictatorship as a viable solution to greece 's situation i do n't believe i ever said dictatorship would be a viable solution to greece 's problems . 
  i did say it 's a viable option of government , although i did not say it is desirable . 
   so here 's the thing : if you are such a scientist you should figure out that you are acting like a total technocrat asshole that has no value for human life . 
  now why is this ? 
  is this because i 'm unsympathetic to violent people ? 
  because i express anger at germans being called nazi 's when the greek bailout package is basically costing the average german citizen $ 1000 of tax money ( at least for the time being ) . 
  you seem to think i 'm happy greece is in a bad situation , or ( i presume ) that i have something against greeks . 
  i do not . 
  i am sad that greece is in such a terrible situation , and i desire it to get better . 
  but i also get angry when people express their anger or discontent through petty violence , or via allusions which are not only clearly false comparisons , but additionally just downright rude . 
   get a grip and start a blog or something because you do n't want to talk , you want to prove you 're right . 
  i have many good conversations with people on here and in other forums . 
  i will attack what you say not because i have something against you personally , but because by scrutinising what we say to each other we improve not just our level of discourse but also our access to good information . 
  that is to say , it makes us smarter and wiser . 
  he ca n't live too much longer ... 
   by identifying yourself as british you throw away all the unique characteristics of your culture , and submit to a master . 
  if you think this , you do not really understand very much about the uk . 
  i am scottish , british , and european . 
  i am all of these things and i wo n't even say i am them in equal portion because that would be to equivocate them in some way which is impossible . 
  i just am all of them . 
   now do n't get me wrong , i love the english british does not equal english , and vice versa . 
   your people are proud and free spirits and you my people ( be that british or scottish ) are more or less like every other vaguely similar culture of people , with some good people and some bad people . 
   ( by your words at least ) exhibit a very insecure and spiteful person spiteful i could understand you misconstruing from my words , insecure is honestly somewhat surprising since i 'm not even sure how you could come to that conclusion from my words even were you mistaken . 
  but oh well , i do n't much care . 
  note though that you and garitos seem to take such tremendous offence from my open dislike of a portion of greek protesters and yet i do n't object to your insults . 
  why do you think this is ? 
   you are a disgrace to both england and scotland.such a pity . 
  thanks , you too !, 
  well , at least you provided some links to my posts which i presume you either took offence to or disagreed with . 
  interesting though that you take personal and indeed national offence from my dislike of a small group of protesters . 
  this is a public forum . 
  if you have a problem with what i 'm saying then disagree , debate me , tell me the reasons you do n't like what i 'm saying . 
  if you do n't want to participate then it is you who should leave , not me . 
  you can end this conversation simply by not replying . 
  i can and will reply to whichever posts i feel like . 
  given that i 'm interested in discussion , and you 're * not * interested in discussion , and that this is a discussion forum we 're conversing on . 
  i 'd suggest that if you really do n't want to debate , then it is you who should be fucking off , not me . 
  i am genuinely interested what i said which was `` most insulting '' about either greece or garitsos himself though . 
   since you have repeatedly been referred to my country and myself personally with the most insulting way . 
  [ citation needed ]  please do me the favor and never speak to me again . 
  i will not do you this favour . 
   seems to me that you are the kind of person who can harm others to have his own way in life . 
  actually if you gave it much thought you would realise what i am posing is that you are free to do as you want to do , and if i say that of other then i must believe in the universalizability of that claim . 
  hence i must believe in freedom for all , so long as it does not impact upon anyone elses freedom . 
  in short , you are mistaken . 
   i will pray for you my friend ... and i 'll talk to my imaginary friends about you too , 
  well , businesses seem to flourish in the nordic countries where they have the highest levels of taxation in the world . 
  people start small companies and they succeed . 
  people must do that in greece , otherwise things are going to get worse . 
  the idea that maintaining the status quo of low taxation which is frequently avoided , and high levels of employment by the state , is going to fix anything is nuts !, 
  i understand that purely cutting everything and raising taxes on everything is going to cause the economy to sharply contract , and so every step must be taken carefully . 
  the greek economy must fundamentally change though , it can not continue to be one which relies heavily upon state employment and then fails to fund this through a lack of private sector and through a lack of taxing what private sector there is . 
  their situation is not worsening every day though . 
  in fact a few days ago they just had a 50 % reduction in the debt they owe . 
  other countries are going out of their way to help greece , be it for self interested or altruistic reasons , they are . 
  greece has to do an awful lot of changing though , and of course that will be opposed by many who liked things the way they were , but that way of life was make believe , a fantasy , and it is over . 
   yes , i mostly agree with you . 
  but if they are broke how come you expect them to pay . 
  by working , and paying a portion of the value they generate towards their debts . 
   if they are broke , even massive taxation ca n't help them . 
  in terms of saving their welfare state in its current form , no , nothing can save them . 
  the greeks can not continue to live as they have done , they simply lack the funds to live at that standard . 
  what massive taxation can help them do is pay off the remaining 50 % of the debt they owe , which they have to do if they do n't want things to get really , really bad . 
  put simply , they 're going to need to approach nordic levels of taxation to pay for us levels of services , and that sucks balls . 
  however , for a long time now they 've been living with nordic style services , and us levels of taxation which they have n't even been paying 3/4 of , so given that they basically have the option of `` bad '' or `` really really really fucking bad '' they 're just going to have to accept the `` bad '' option . 
  there are no nice choices for greece , only sensible or stupid ones . 
  i would n't say ideal , but sure it can function well . 
  preferable is the sort of thing we currently have , representative democracy . 
  i just do n't agree with the idea that any serious issue should instantly require a referendum . 
  indeed . 
  i ca n't wait for the day when we can take italy as seriously as france or germany again . 
  as before , i still lack sufficient understanding of either language to comprehend the first video . 
  but how can you still complain about the second image ? 
  the statement is factually correct . 
  greece has committed fraud against the eu . 
   they could have defaulted - which is a serious thing indeed , but the crucial thing is it should be the choice of the greek people not the choice of the eu elite . 
  should it ? 
  as you point out , it 's a serious thing . 
  i do n't mind bandaging up a sprained arm , but i wo n't perform brain surgery . 
  i can change a wiper , or swap out some ram , but i ca n't fix an engine or build a processor . 
  perhaps it 's the serious questions in which the laypersons opinion should count the least , not the most . 
   when your business goes bankrupt then , you should n't close it down . 
  this is not what i said . 
   people have families you know !, 
  and the only reason they have businesses is to live their families and be creative in this world . 
  if they ca n't do anything of the two , they close down the business !, 
  then they will starve . 
   get a grip , because i think you 're so into economics and stuff that you forget the very essence of life and existence !, 
  the essence of live and existence is whatever you make of it .
