  pandering to the perception of safety is why we have idiotic airport security and a culture of paranoid fear . 
  i figured it was unlikely you 're american , due to this being / r/europe and yankees normally flying the flag here . 
  but you also seem to be a bit condecending , and so i suppose you shall earn some downvotes there . 
  yes i 've heard this claim from some americans . 
  also , i was talking about the uk , not just england . 
  i trust you know the difference . 
  pray tell , ever heard of american exceptionalism ? 
  i have , and am inclined to disagree . 
  i do like some of the us ales i have tried , some are very good indeed . 
  the variety of british ales is huge though , and the quality in ale terms still on the better side . 
  i wo n't argue the uk is good for lager ( it 's not ) - but for ales ? 
  christ yes . 
   i much prefer the beer back home ( kansas ) than here in england . 
  try some ale , 
   the reason i took so long to reply and there are some grammatical errors is because i had to go to work . 
  no problem !, 
  appreciate the long thought out answer . 
   i can link a multitude of reddit links and comments subjecting to this kind of hate . 
  i know some are trolls , but the majority of reddit ? 
  do you see the up vote-downvote amount for the comments on this thread alone ? 
  that should tell you something , and it 's really , really disappointing for our future . 
  the majority of reddit does n't say stuff like this though ( at least my parts of reddit ) - you picked the one , trollish , most downvoted comment thread in a big thread , and you cite that as example of the general beliefs even when it 's obviously an unpopular position to hold from its position in the thread . 
   men 's rights argue that men are oppressed and that women are dominant ( in other words , we live in a matriarchy -- i guess that 's why women are pressured to change their names when they get married but men do n't have to . ), 
  men are oppressed by women . 
  ok , firstly , please stop saying `` men 's rights argue x '' - mens rights is a concept , and mens rights groups argue for whatever they damn well please , me saying i support equality so see the concept as valuable does not mean i support all of the groups . 
  i 'm very concerned with the general trend of equating the concept with any and all groups , by the public and especially by some feminist and other groups in direct opposition . 
  as to the terminology , i 'm not sure i 'd really either sex is oppressed anymore in any sort of complete sense , so i 'd disagree with the usage . 
  however i do think that there are clearly issues in which men specifically are n't doing very well in society , be they legal , social , or whatever . 
   men live in a patriarchy where women have been , and somewhat still are oppressed for 6,000 years by rigorous gender roles and sexualized culture but men are the ones that are truly oppressed . 
  some may say this , i would not . 
  i also despise this competition of * who can claim to be more oppressed * - the very word starts to sound ridiculous when people use it overly to me already , without a need for people to be trying to show how or why their gender is x times more oppressed than the other . 
  what we need is not a competition to show who `` truly '' is worse off , but rather just solutions to make everyone better off . 
   if you google `` men 's rights '' and skip the men 's rights websites and just go to news sources then you will see the answer for why men 's rights is a hate group is pretty cut and dry . 
  firstly , again with the `` mens rights '' as a single grouping , it does n't work like that . 
  secondly , i do n't find any actual hate in there , just claims of it . 
  i 've heard plenty of claims by many that men 's rights groups are hate groups , and while some groups who fly under that banner certainly are filled with a bunch of idiots , by and large men 's rights carry out no actions which seem hateful . 
  lots of attempts at shouting down , not much compelling argument . 
  if you yourself would like to raise any specific issues which you take to be general dogma of the movement then i 'd be happy to listen , because most of what i see in your links looks like either straw men or hyperbole . 
   this is a feminist issue . 
  this really bugs some feminists does n't it ? 
  why does there being other groups out there which want to deal with gender inequalities piss you and others off so much ? 
   media is controlled mostly by men ( directors , writers , etc. ), 
  and this is one of the many problems that is apparent in media . 
  d'you have sources for that ? 
  regardless if you do or do n't though , negative portrayal is largely down to society accepting it and even enjoying to see it , honestly if feminists want to oppose this then cool , but that wo n't make me a feminist , men 's rights groups oppose it too and that does n't make me one of them , but i oppose it . 
  this all seems very territorial . 
   then we must start with the ones who are genuinely oppressed first before there is equality . 
  again with the territorial pissing contest . 
  if you agree that gender inequality ( as with all forms of inequality ) affects everybody , and not just a single gender , then i really do n't see how you can claim you want equality if you 're going to lay out in opposition to people who fight for it in society . 
   okay . 
  this is called assuming . 
  you assume something is pro-female dominance because it says `` feminism '' . 
  you ask me if i did my research but did you do your 's ? 
  because your response is lacking evidential input . 
  no no no . 
  while i do believe that there are feminist groups out there who * are * for matriarchy , in general i believe the vast majority to be seekers of equality of one form or another . 
  this would be assuming on your part , perhaps . 
   whereas any men 's rights website will not only point out the violence against men , but they will also say it 's feminism 's fault . 
  i 'd ask you to cite examples but you 'd probably find at least one or two , i agree that some men 's rights groups blame feminism for the biased focus on domestic violence . 
  i can see two options for a view here , that because society and feminist groups focus overwhelmingly on male on female violence , that feminist groups are an issue ( not my viewpoint ) - or that before feminist groups started talking about dv , no-one was , that feminist groups have succeeded in making people aware that there exists a problem ( male on female dv ) and that since it does n't seem to be going to happen without it , men 's rights groups must now make society aware that female on male dv occurs and is also a problem in society . 
  this does n't impinge upon feminist goals or ideals , it 's not an attack upon feminism , it 's simply an attempt to make society aware that female on male domestic violence occurs , and that men do get battered and harmed by their loved ones . 
  is this such a problem ? 
  i know you feel this is a feminist issue , but frankly , if feminist groups were taking care of the issue , men 's rights groups would have one less reason to exist . 
   patrirachy thinks i 'm too precious to possibly die in the battlefield . 
  this is probably not the reason you 're disallowed from serving in the military . 
  in my own country women are allowed to serve in every branch except frontline infantry , with the military citing physical reasons as their opposition . 
  make of that what you will . 
  anyway , with occupational health i was more referring to the fact that men overwhelmingly serve in the more dangerous professions , and these are often lacking in safety ( mining , fishing , construction , etc. ) . 
  i see this as a problem , not a problem i want to fix by forcing lots of women into the industries , just a problem i want to try and find a solution for in general . 
  this does n't all have to be zero sum thing , and it seems sad to me that many view it this way . 
   men 's problems in our society is a product of thousands of years of sex and gender discrimination brought on by patriarchy but go ahead and blame it on the feminism . 
  i do n't , most do n't . 
  there 's a lot of anger to feminism in the men 's right community , but lets face it , few feminist groups have ever been anything but hostile to the very concept of men 's rights groups , so i can understand that this unfortunate oppositional approach has occurred . 
  i think in general both camps are wrong on the `` no its your fault '' thing . 
  as for where men 's problems stem from , you know what ? 
  i do n't care . 
  i have serious doubts whenever someone claims that every single problem affecting all people comes from patriarchy , but if you want to say that then sure , whatever . 
  i do n't care . 
  i care about solutions , solutions are legal , social , cultural . 
  i think most mras do , i hope most feminists do , but i 'm quite sure most people who 'd self-describe as egalitarian would seek this . 
  the hatred and shouting down which passes between these two sets of groups really worries me , it 's not necessary , it 's damaging , and it 's * really * unproductive . 
   just a bit lower in the thread you will find this gem : oh come now , if you 're to take the trolls seriously then the world will always seem horrid . 
  do not spend your life paying attention to the people at the bottom of the metaphorical comment thread . 
   i 've done my research . 
  i 've been doing my research for a year now . 
  i think an interesting question would be : on what ? 
  on feminism alone , perchance ? 
   if people want men 's rights then go ahead , join the mra or another men 's rights group , but if someone wants equal rights for both sexes then you would be a feminist says who ? 
  you ? 
  some scholars ? 
  i ca n't say that i see much feminist activity toward correction of areas in life which are specifically problematic for males , or in which males are specifically disadvantaged . 
  frankly , nor would i expect to . 
  the very name feminism pretty much lays bare the point behind the concept and i think that 's fine . 
  i agree that * some * feminists seek equality , although given that there are a few different definitions of equality this is almost a meaningless claim ( with the caveat that pursuit of equality , regardless of the variety of which that is , is generally an indicator of someone holding good intentions ) . 
  i think you 're categorising groups which do things , and have wide ranges of activists and everyday people based upon terminology , as opposed to the other way around , and i think that 's really dangerous , and quite sad . 
  the idea that men ca n't get together to try and improve issues where men are disadvantaged without being called a hate group also seems very sad to me . 
  i welcome non-radical feminism because women are still massively screwed over in much of the world , but i think in the west there needs to be a recognition that we 're at least heading for a stage where inequality is less a clear cut imposition of one sexes will upon another and more of societal failings which afflict both sexes . 
   i have argued so many times with men 's rights redditors over what they think women -- particularly feminists -- are doing ( taking away male dominance and replacing it with female dominance -- not that both have an equal opportunity , which is what it is genuinely doing . ), 
  there are uninformed people and idiots in every movement . 
  as i said , i would n't call myself an mra ( nor a feminist ) , but i ca n't say that i 've read many which seriously think that feminism is about reversal of dominance of genders to an inverted 16th century standard .
