  in fact right now with coal usage that chance is pretty much 100 % because not only are we slowly destroying the lungs of our entire population but in addition we 're dooming the world to long term global climate change . 
   none of those methods can be called safe for several thousand years now , i think you 're wrong here , but i 'll give you a chance to say , explain to me why vitrification and seabed storage are n't safe , if you 'd like . 
  or pick another . 
   gain , i 'm not pro-coal - i 'm `` rather coal energy for couple years than more nuclear energy for that time '' . 
  you are pro-coal . 
  if you 're anti-nuclear you 're pro-coal , that 's the dichotomy . 
  you 'd rather have an energy generation system we * know * is killing people every day and that we * know * could end our species than one which creates less waste , kills fewer people , and will halt the destruction of our planet 's ecosystem . 
  you are anti-life . 
   a few tonnes that can fuck up immense amounts of ground water and agriculture and can thus pollute , harm or kill millions of people , yes . 
  right , in the absolute worst case scenario dreamt up by people with extreme beliefs such as your own , nuclear waste could kill a few million people . 
  coal , on the other hand , quite verifiably has caused millions of death and will continue to kill , at the least , hundreds of thousands of people a year , every year . 
  on top of that coal power brings about a worsening in global climate change which has the potential to pretty much extinguish human life . 
   that is nearly impossible to store safely for several thousand years until it 's not toxic anymore that 's nonsense . 
  there are a myriad of methods for safe disposal of nuclear waste . 
  vitrification and dumping on the ocean bed would be a very low harm method of dealing with it . 
  other options include long term storage in deep geo-deposits and short term storage for future re-use or re-processing . 
  nuclear waste is n't nearly such a problem as people think it is , especially not in comparison to other forms of industrial waste . 
  you consider a few tonnes of radioactive waste to be an equally severe problem to global climate change ? 
  i think i can safely discount your opinion then . 
  one existential problem replaced by several much much smaller problems ? 
  i 'll take it . 
  rbmk 's are n't inherently safe reactors , while all modern reactors are . 
  hardly a safe reactor . 
  you oppose nuclear due to cost but support tidal power ? 
  interesting ... 
  we have several million years of fission power left . 
  wot r u on about m8 ? 
  that 's because most european supporters support nuclear power . 
  what would you expect ? 
  it sure beats coal . 
  not really worth discussion with someone ignorant enough to suggest that europe is n't relying on us for its security mate , 
  i 'm familiar with several of them , but that link does no harm to my claim . 
  ah sorry , somehow brain farted when reading and re-reading that . 
  i do n't think this should be too worrying though , they 're just building their nation very very fast , and it 's got about a billion people more than the us does . 
   just that all those nuclear weapons serve no other purpose than endangering people 's lives . 
  they did a pretty great job of preventing world war 3 . 
  nothing can be guaranteed 100 % , and people like the op of this thread use that fact to attempt to create artificially weakness in a system they dislike . 
  it 's not just going to float around you know ? 
  it 's a solid inside lots of other solids . 
  consumed what ? 
  they still actually believe they `` liberated '' europe . 
  a lot of the `` accident waiting to happen '' stuff there is created through implication and ignorance . 
  a nuke being involved in a car crash is not dangerous . 
  nukes are very , very hard to detonate . 
  you could fire a hand gun into a nuclear warhead at point blank range and it would n't detonate . 
  they need very specific , fairly large quantities of energy directed in the right way in the right time frame to actually detonate . 
  it 's something the pro-russians are generally doing , it makes the nation look more fractured than it is , and makes it seem as if some guys upon high in the capital city are imposing their will upon the eastern regions , and not that one country is fighting a russian sponsored insurgency . 
  russia is keen to be seen as anti-kiev , not anti-ukrainian , even though they are the same thing . 
  the people who oppose uk overseas territories do n't seem to realise that the inhabitants of these places almost without fail , strongly desire to be part of the united kingdom . 
  give them back to whom ? 
  there are only two uk overseas territories which have claims against them by other nations . 
  one is the falklands , and island which argentina have no valid claim to , and the other is gibraltar , which spain seems to feel it has a right to own simply by virtue of the enclave being on the iberian peninsula ( watch out portugal ! ) . 
  in the former case there is no one to give it `` back '' to , and in both cases to do so would be to go against the express wishes of the native inhabitants by doing so . 
  right . 
  it 's not that bad every day , but some days it is , and for the spanish workers trying to get * into * gibralter just trying to live their lives and work , then go home at the end of the day , it seems absurdly mean spirited . 
  having to go through that * every single day * because your government is being antagonistic is just sad . 
  that 's not money that the eu is entitled to though . 
  the rock is entitled to set it 's own taxes , as spain is entitled to prevent that tobacco from traversing it 's borders . 
  that said , while it 's within it 's rights to do border checks , intentionally delaying everyone 's journeys with 8 hour severe checks for people who travel daily is just childish and antagonistic . 
  you 're right , we should give america back to the native americans , australia back to the aboriginies , all of south america should be given back to the various native people 's which composed its population pre-invasion . 
  all of the european colonists should come back to europe . 
  i 'm not saying it 's made up , but it is a shitty reason to give for the uk ceding part of its territory against the wish of the native inhabitants . 
  but but ... gibraltar ? 
  indeed , although did n't their guardia shoot at some civvy jetskier last year ? 
  they seem to take things a bit far at times . 
   ignorante insults to start with can prove the kind of person you are !, 
  it was in light of your flair actually . 
   btw like the treaty of gilbratar treaty of utrecht , i assume you mean . 
   the portuguese-british alliance have been broken countless time by the uk ... perhaps your nation should dissolve it then ? 
   most of the 30k pop are spanish or spanish decedents . 
  actually that 's not true , it 's a real mix , with the plurality being ethnically british . 
  93 % hold uk citizenship and fewer than 2 % of the people living there are spanish citizens . 
   you broke the treaty multiple times , and just from the top of my head i can tell you 2 times that you broke it , first the treaty says that jews and muslims werent allowed in gilbratar , that was broke only a few years after the british occupation oh noes . 
  not sure that one will stand up in court your honour . 
   and there is also a line that says that when the uk wishes to give gilbratar away or removing it from the uk territory , they should offer it first to spain . 
  except we 've never given it away or removed it from uk territory . 
   and its kinda hypocritical when you dont care about the spanish citizens , but your main reason to not give it back is because of the british citizens . 
  no it 's not , uk citizens are my countrymen and you 're suggesting that they have their home given away from under their feet to satisfy the imperialist territorial demands of spain . 
   btw i am not spanish , look at the flag :p . i know , you 're a portupoor , which makes it even sadder since you lot and us lot have a rather old alliance and have tended to be bro 's diplomatically . 
   oh and btw , you last line was full retard , dont ever do that again , its really bad , pls . 
  absolutely it was n't . 
  spain wants to expand its territory into a foreign nations land on the basis of it being `` historically '' theirs ( even though they have about as much right to it as the moors ) . 
   a video in which britons , that do n't want open borders with europe right . 
  all 63,000,000 of us are opposed to open borders :| . 
   they actually have no legal right to it yes , we do , as per the treaty . 
   britain broke the treaty with spain in almost every possible way claims spain , yet without proving in any substational way . 
  their claim that the uk giving a referendum to the people of gib allowing them to choose whether to stay british violates spain 's right of refusal is absurd . 
   oh and btw you didnt care about the inhabitants when you occupied it did you ? 
   britain has no interest in gilbraltar that 's clearly nonsense though . 
  of course we have an interest in it . 
  those are british people and they have the right to stay british if they wish . 
   how about you give gilbratar back to stop being douchy and to do something positive ? 
  so you 're suggesting that revoking the citizenship or at least forcibly taking 30,000 people 's home from them would be `` stopping '' being douchy ? 
  are you serious ? 
   you can complain about the excuses that spain gets to ask gilbratar back , but britain excuses to keep it arent any good either we do n't need excuses , it 's ours by law and by possession and it will stay that way so long as the inhabitants desire it to stay as such . 
  get away with your neo-colonialist `` lets just kick out the natives '' bullshit yeah ? 
   last time i checked most of illegal tobacco was coming from gilbratar right , i 've heard this before from spaniards among their plethora of other complaints . 
   my point is that i dont know what is the interest of britain for not giving gilbratar back to spain unless being anoying . 
  why on earth would we cede gibralter to spain ? 
  the inhabitants wish it to be uk territory , the uk has every legal right to it , it would make no sense to give the territory to spain .
