  because in egypt people were tortured and killed en masse by a horrific dictator who had one of the worst secret police forces seen in recent history and gave no hope of any sort of reform or democracy in the near future , while in greece you 've got a bunch of people living in a democracy who elected shitty leaders , and some of whom do n't really want to pay their debt because they 're in a shitty situation . 
  since when did it become cool to equate rioting in democratic countries and fighting for freedom in totalitarian dictatorships ? 
  because frankly , the comparison is ignorant and disgusting . 
  what a lot of nonsense . 
   is n't the law suppose to be equal to everyone ? 
  or perhaps , like someone said a long time ago , someone is more equal than someone else ? 
  it is . 
  the reason you do n't see fat greek men in suits getting beaten up in the above video is because the fat greek men are n't going out and burning shit and breaking shit . 
  neither are the majority of housewives , students , or school kids . 
  the minority who do go out and burn shit and break shit , and then film the police response , get the same response anyone else in greece would . 
  that is what it used to mean , and that it what i desire it would still mean , but that is by no means the only thing it means in europe in this day and age . 
  that would probably be the most straightforward gauge of what we all really want to know . 
  damnit , neither did i. i thought up a response an ' all . 
  to be honest , absolute opposition would n't even be a trade zone , it would be the complete deconstruction of the eu entity . 
  many times this . 
  liberal can mean left wing , or very very right wing . 
  we do n't have states , we also do n't function on a federal basis , unlike say , germany or austria - which actually have state rights and politicians in those states making some serious decisions . 
  this will obviously not last . 
  this is pretty much just people making use of the fact that they have a 2002 exchange rate for money that now would be worth far less in real terms . 
  essentially they 're just withdrawing money from the population at large . 
  it 's not like the peseta gives some inherent advantage over the euro , nor that there is great wealth saved up across the nation which is untapped . 
  it 's just bureaucracy . 
   so you 're against any image based submissions ? 
  have you asked what the other people think about that ? 
  do n't you think that this way the content of r/europe is going to become just one wall of the same thing all over again ? 
  i am . 
  it 's great . 
  most subreddits are complete shit , filled with inane crap and memes that idiot teenagers think are high-larious . 
  [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) keeps them out by seeming boring and dull and you ca n't just come in and click `` view images '' . 
  it 's awesome . 
  to be honest , i do n't drink a great deal of wine - typical british ale drinker here . 
  i do have access to a good wineshop though , so perhaps i shall try , 
  lucky indeed . 
  i suppose you 're pretty much in wine country , good to have some drinkable beer too . 
  do n't do that . 
  multi issue protesting is a terrible mechanism for achieving things . 
  just look at the socialist workers party turning up to every protest here in the uk and bringing their own agenda into it , it takes away from every single protest . 
  stick to one issue at a time . 
  bit much for a pint of stella surely ? 
  there must be some good catalan beer , not that i know . 
  what sort of beer do you guys even drink ? 
  got ta buy military stuff from somewhere . 
  in an extra absorbent jiffy bag ? 
   similarly , if the scots collectively renounce british citizenship and decide to go off on their own , have they not likewise renounced their british citizenship , and along with it their eu citizenship ? 
  i do n't see why . 
  scots are members of the uk , and are members of the uk . 
  going independent from the uk does n't necessitate going independent from the eu in anything other than a technical manner , and i doubt that from a legal perspective the scottish people can be denied eu membership for their country , given that it goes against internal rules of the eu to remove eu citizenship from scots . 
   as if the fact that you an eu citizen is wholly independent of the fact that you 're a british citizen . 
  well , you 're arguing for the citizenship to stay with what 's left of britain but not scotland . 
  this is ... just weird to me . 
  if scotland leaves the uk there will be two functionally new countries , whether one retains the previous name or not . 
  the idea that one would also retain eu citizenship and the other not seems odd . 
  there 's no reason that eu citizens should lose their citizenship from the eu simply because of an internal division in a country though . 
   but there 's a much bigger elephant in the room !, 
  the ammount of debt in the north-western hemisphere is unpayable . 
  well , i do n't think our debtors are just going to say `` gee , that 's a lot of debt , well , never mind then ! '', 
  - are they ? 
  you 're suggesting we just steal the money we owe and do n't bother to pay it back , i gather ? 
  there are serious problems nonetheless , such as cyprus , which are n't going to go away . 
  as a brit , i feel the same . 
  fair amount of nonsense there . 
  the problems in greece were enabled , but not caused by the world banking system . 
  they were caused by greek leaders . 
  the eu banking system has its problems , but to suggest that the systemic problems being faced right now vis-a-vis sovereign debt in the southern eu are down to the banking system is simply untrue . 
  it 's down to spending more than the country 's have been earning , even in the good times . 
   interesting then how you downplay this relationship and instead claim finland is somehow stuck between the east and the west . 
  jesus , read my damn posts . 
  i said that that 's the position finland found itself in after world war 2 , not that that necessary balancing of relations is still necessitated to this day . 
   sweden is also often accused of being `` anti-american '' due to our `` distrust '' of the american war machine . 
  not much these days - sweden is increasingly been seen as very `` loyal '' to the us 's direction . 
   the only reason some foreigners choose to label this finnish distrust as `` anti-western '' i never said anti-western , i simply said that they had a level of distrust of the western nato type countries during the cold war , feeling that they were probably on their own if things went hot between the two superpowers . 
   is due to their labelling of finland as a former-soviet state , right , obviously i 'm completely unaware of that being wrong !, 
   that you make this into some west vs. east thing is a joke . 
  i do n't entirely know what your problem is , but the mere fact that there have been multiple books written on the subject of finlandisation suggests that indeed there ** was ** a west vs. east thing going on during the cold war , and to an extent afterwards . 
  have a read , 
  i try . 
  while i do n't think i 'll ever apply for citizenship , there 's a very real possibility that one day i 'll call finland home - and as such i 've done my best to try and understand the history , the people , and the culture . 
   you 're not discussing the `` objective '' facts of history here - you 're distorting finnish motivations and beliefs during and after the war and categorizing them based on your own values and norms as opposed to finnish ones . 
  i 've been honest about my position . 
  i 'm a british person who has spent significant time in finland and even more so time around finns . 
  i 've made no pretensions as to having an authoritative position about finnish history , and rather have just said my opinion based on the ( not insignificant ) reading i 've done coupled with the many finnish opinions i 've heard . 
   in other words what people typically do after reading some books and talking to some people about a topic and then thinking they 're experts in it when in reality they 're not . 
  again , i never said i was an expert , i 've just presented what i believe to be a broadly accurate position based upon the experiences and readings i 've done . 
   it might make sense to you for finns to distrust the west when in reality according to most finns the threat has always been to the east . 
  no fucking shit . 
  the number one thing that finns i 've talked to have been concerned about is russia . 
  sure , i talk to the finns i know ( and am , by proxy , related to ) - but nonetheless their primary worry in politics is the two headed eagle . 
  that said , finns i 've talked to have also discussed a fair amount of historical distrust toward the `` west '' as most consider it , and even to the western world as it exists in it 's more bipolar form today . 
  for instance i 've head many finns being very angry at the us after finland bought a whole load of cluster bombs of the us , and then , at least in their opinion , felt that the us forced the cluster bomb treaty upon them to make the bombs they 'd just bought illegal . 
  now personally i find this unlikely since the us has n't signed up to any treaty prohibiting use of cluster bombs , but the finns i 've talked to are of the opinion that this is the case , so i consider it worthwhile mentioning simply because that 's * their * opinion , and it 's important to recognise not just facts , but also the opinions that people hold within a country . 
  what an unrefreshing level of condescension you bring to the conversation !, 
  i 'm curious where you think i 've erred - or do you just like what i 've said ? 
  must have we have a finn here to talk about finnish history ? 
  i did n't realise knowledge worked that way . 
  well , i 'm relaying finnish opinions i 've been exposed to . 
  take that as you will . 
  while i do n't think there 's any serious animosity - i do think that some people feel the swedes , basically , acted to save their own skins instead of actually getting involved and helping their neighbours . 
  i 'm sure some finns will come along shortly though . 
  you should feel sorry for them , to an extent at least !, 
  i 'm british so in international terms you 're pretty much raised to feel invulnerable .
