  stalin was n't really interested in letting europe be free . 
  everything before the `` but '' is bullshit . 
  we can . 
  there 's lots of gas still to be tapped in europe , we just need to get rolling on the mass scale fracking . 
  the alternative is to use * even more * coal than we already are . 
  this would have been funny if it was 1992 . 
  now ? 
  it 's about as tired as goatse . 
  mmm , that hot pot is lubly jubbly . 
  russians ? 
  we 're the 10th largest manufacturing exporter in the world . 
  more of our economy is dedicated to building and making stuff than in france , or the usa ( or india , for that matter ) . 
  the uk has a reputation as a service provider because we 're a dominant nation within the financial services industry - however that 's only 10 % of our economy and while of course like all developed nations we are mostly service focussed , we still do lots of high value manufacturing in the nation . 
  of course we do n't make steel or dig coal out of the ground very much any more because these are low value operations which , essentially , a highly developed economy does n't * really * want to be doing . 
  those who you care nothing for can not insult you . 
  the opinion of a nobody is worth nothing - and therefore can do no damage . 
  ( ironically , i learnt that from a russian . ), 
  we are a small island . 
  a small , powerful , rich island . 
  russia being russia . 
  it 's like that overgrown kid in the workplace who still think he 's the bigshot from secondary school because he had a gang of friends when he was 17 and has n't quite figured out that the rest of the world has grown up and thinks he 's a fool . 
  ego takes them the other 600,000 of the way . 
  the ammendment and the original bill were actually fairly similar in their effect , just differing slightly in their timings . 
  both were smacked down by the other side , but still the general ethos going forward is quite clearly that if assad has done what we all think he probably has done then he 's getting a smack of some variety for it . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  currently parliament is agreed that pending further evidence nothing will be done , but that in the event of strong evidence that assad is responsible for gassing 3500 people , a physical reaction of some variety will be taken . 
  seems fairly reasonable to me . 
  wait for more evidence you mean . 
  that 's what was essentially agreed on via two sets of disagreement . 
  few are debating whether we should do something if assad is conclusively shown to have used chemical weapons - the debate is focussed on standards of evidence at this point . 
  the strange thing is that it looked like the uk and france were pushing and leading on this one . 
  miliband really put paid to that i guess . 
  he might get elected on the back of that , although no-one will want to work with him internationally . 
   by your metric all civil wars go for the better . 
  that 's an absurd and completely baseless claim . 
   if you 're getting into one be ready to implement holocaust . 
  it 's both childish and deeply egregious to use that word so casually when you and i both know it means something considerably different than deaths which occur in a war . 
  you never asked for civil wars in which intervention had occurred ( sierra leone would have been a good one if you 'd specifically stated that ) you asked for civil wars which had gone for the better . 
   when did segregation end ? 
  that was some fifty years ago and it was immediately reversed by nixon and his war on drugs . 
  nevertheless , slaves were freed as a result of the war . 
  you can nit pick all you want that your ideal solution did n't come about , but that does n't change it being a ( generally considered ) positive outcome . 
  urgh you 're irritating . 
  us civil war - i 'd say that 's something which changed things for the better . 
  now if you 're massively into slavery which i suspect you probably are then you 'd think the us civil war was a bad thing , but if you 're not , then it 's a good thing . 
  subjective , see ? 
  that list would be utterly subjective , and therefore pretty pointless . 
  there are cases in both camps though , pretty much regardless of your motivations . 
   well , there 's one important difference between ceuta and melilla and gibraltar : ceuta and melilla are legally integrated in spain , and their residents have pretty much the same rights and obligations ( representation in the spanish parliament , income tax ) as any other spanish citizen . 
  which i think is pretty cool , but makes no difference in terms of a territorial claim such as that which spain has . 
   would generally help your case if the uk updated once and for all the completely anachronistic status of its overseas territories . 
  the `` case '' needs no help . 
  they are as they are . 
  they 're part of british territory and that 's basically it . 
  we do n't need to go changing our internal political arrangements just because the spainiards have a crappy economy . 
  that 's an exceptionally poor rebuttal to my point . 
  do you have anything better ? 
  yes , it was truly terrible when we saved a democratically elected government in sierra leone . 
  it was terrible when the french stopped gbagbo from kicking off a civil war when he attempted to seize power after losing an election . 
  it was just awful when nato intervened in kosovo to halt a genocide . 
  it was * so * criminal when the west stopped kuwait from being brutally transformed into a province of iraq . 
  and god those french again !, 
  criminals that they all are , saving the malian government and people from tuareg rebels and islamic extremists - criminals the lot of them !, 
  if you 're going to come out in such strong opposition to something , at least do yourself and everyone else the service of perhaps an hour of background reading so you have the faintest , just the mere faintest idea of what you 're talking about . 
  ah but if we talk of it in terms of tax havens and colonies then it simultaneously allows the spaniards to pretend that a ) this is n't just an old fashioned territorial claim of theirs and b ) that cueta and melilla are in no way , absolutely no siree not even slightly comparable to the rock . 
  basically one of cowardice . 
  so long as we all do nothing we 'll never be to blame for trying to do good and it going wrong . 
  genocide 's fine , so long as we do n't try and stop it and in the process get something wrong and hurt innocent people . 
  let people die by all means , just do n't try and save them if there 's any risk ( and there 's always risk ) that you might do harm . 
  right , because the iraq war was the only interventionist action which has ever taken place in the history of mankind so is the one true benchmark which applies as a reference for any potential future interventions . 
  go read some history or something ffs ... i 'm sick of arguing with people like you - the world did n't start in 2003 . 
   point is , you ca n't seriously go accusing people of `` crimes against humanity '' while committing crimes against peace . 
  yes , you can . 
  any definition of `` crime against peace '' which holds a party guilty for preventing genocide or mass murder via force is unfit for purpose . 
  not a colony , an overseas territory , despite the use of the word to denigrate the rock . 
  edit : yes i know what the un says , but gib is autonomous , while colonies suffer direct control without representation . 
  the `` i do n't know any history before iraq therefore this will turn out completely 100 % identical to iraq and nothing bad will possibly happen if we just do nothing '' crowd are running the show , indeed . 
  that 's a hell of a crystal ball you 've got there . 
  tell me , can you do next week 's lotto numbers too ? 
  yup . 
  it 's called the internet . 
  do n't come to / r/unitedkingdom . 
  seriously . 
  it 'll depress the fuck out of you . 
  at least my government is actually willing to take action after 3500 people were gassed . 
  the general population of the country seems utterly uninterested in doing anything whatsoever . 
  what 's a lithuaniar ? 
  not to agree with theseusperse , but his source is clearly the bbc . 
  margaret thatcher * ^ lulz *, 
   suez crisis you think that was shameful ? 
  * weird ... * what the yanks did was shameful , what we did was incredibly justifiable . 
  there are in the uk . 
  every one . 
  why in this situation but not in a car ? 
  yes , we 're talking about the trade surplus , which is the difference between the inports and exports of a country . 
  due to the fact that large countries inevitably both import * and * export more than small countries , and that this * difference * varies with population in a relatively linear manner , comparing two countries trade surplus values and expecting them to vary with population in a linear fashion such as `` country x is 10 times bigger than country y so should have 10 times the trade surplus '' is to misunderstand the utility of the concept . 
  i 'm sorry you were incapable of understanding my previous post and i hope that you manage to understand this one . 
  if not , i 'd suggest just spending some time reading . 
  perhaps not . 
  but i 've been to a lot of cities and aberdeen does n't even have much in terms of tourist attractions .
