  being an island is n't so bad my friend !, 
  absolutely , even though i 'm not that big into french culture , the accents on their women are just to die for . 
  a soft south western scots accent on a woman is just lovely , but many scottish accents do n't sound so interesting . 
  i 'm never sure about mine , i 'm from northern scotland where we have very light accents , and while i 'm often told by foreigners that it 's very clear and understandable , i 'm not sure it has quite the same sex appeal as the southern purr . 
  he was doing fine with belgium , but now he 's moved to a dictatorship to avoid tax , and that just is n't cool . 
  in english \u00c9ire refers to the island , not the state , though . 
   you guys are really bad at drinking , getting drunk pretty fast , different aims my good man !, 
  we * desire * to get drunk rapidly . 
  seriously ? 
  why ? 
  i never get why foreigners love it here so much . 
  i know no-one who has been to belarus . 
  i think perhaps eu citizens are * less * likely to visit it precisely because it 's that wee dark dictatorial spot of europe which feels more distant than russia , or the states , strangely . 
  it 's strange , it almost just does n't exist in the psyche of most people i know . 
  finland . 
  it feels like life has been turned up to 110 % . 
  that black women are less attractive than other women ? 
  what does it matter ? 
  what does that have to do with the argument at hand . 
  you 're defaulting to chucking the idea of one social scientist arguing an unpopular argument being equivalent to an entire branch of knowledge being defective , it 's utterly idiotic . 
  which findings , please bring your argument to the table . 
  please explain your problems with this in regards to the questions i posed . 
   and the war over it was n't pointless , or fact of poles just being `` naughty '' oh do n't take that to heart , it was a fairly lighthearted comment and not about the retaking of vilnius so much as the underhand tactics used . 
   polish relations with lithuania in recent years . 
  indeed , i ca n't say my polish friends have ever been more than polite to lithuanians , and vice versa about my lithuanian friends . 
  danzig was a pretty german city dude , vast majority of the population was german ( / prussian ) . 
  fair enough about poznan , did n't know that , but then i forgot stettin too , so , there are definitely plenty of east german / west polish territories in polish hands which are historically german . 
  pozen , danzig , breslau would be the major ones i was referring to . 
  it 's quite funny in a way , because it 's almost as if they look down on eastern europe so much that they clamour not to be in it , despite the vast majority of their history clearly having taken place within it , and the more western parts of their country essentially being german territory which they were given after ww2 . 
  very strange . 
  perhaps something to do with their hatred of russians and ukrainians . 
  intardesting . 
  very similar several western `` polish '' cities in the first half of the 20th century then ? 
  just do n't call it eastern europe :p , despite their history being massively based in eastern europe , so many poles really resent the term . 
  i would have loved to study european history , but , y' know , jobs an ' shit . 
  most history is fascinating . 
  especially european history . 
  also , thanks , doing so now . 
   studies by social `` scientists '' barely qualify as that . 
  i disagree , would you like to explain why you believe this ? 
   would you like me to bring up the ones that you would wholeheartedly disagree with ? 
  please do !, 
  by all means , that 'd be interesting . 
  well no , i was pointing out the reason that several scientific studies have found working poor to be right wing , but please yourself , i 'm not particularly interested in discussing anything with someone so hostile as yourself . 
  did you read and understand what i wrote ? 
  i was pointing out the reason that many working poor are right wing . 
  it 's not easy , but academic studies on society can tell us a lot . 
  you seem to object to knowledge , which is just weird . 
  wow , poland was naughty . 
  thanks for the information , very insightful !, 
  a tiny part more of european knowledge learned , so so much still to go !, 
  actually , as someone who happened to be born into a relatively high socio-economic bracket , in a monetary sense i would benefit from right wing governments in the near future , as i enter jobs which pay highly taxed salaries . 
  i am socially liberal , but as a fairly standard white hetero male i have nothing directly to fear from social conservatism ( unless they start hunting atheists , then i 'm fucked ) . 
  in short , people can vote how they want , and i have no personal stake in people voting for economically liberal parties , as they are to my detriment in direct terms . 
  i 'm simply explaining trends . 
  not to be a dick , but you mean `` lose '' . 
  russians ? 
  the russians stole a lot of land in ww2 , and a lot of historical cities which should n't be in russian hands are . 
  i 'm curious , i 'm pretty good with my knowledge of what city used to belong to whom , which country used to be a part of which other country/empire etc. 
  but if vilnius/wilno is now the capitol of lithuania , and it previously belonged to poland , is this because it was historically polish , or because poland somehow held onto it theoretical ownership of it upon the dissolution of the poland-lithuania commonwealth in the third partition ? 
   i 'm pretty sure there 's a similar correlation in many other countries . 
  there is . 
  there 's been some research done on this issue actually . 
  the remarkable thing is that poor people , tending to be less well educated and less politically aware , tend to not realise just how much the state does for them , but tend to have an overly amplified impression of the level of taxation they pay . 
  this results in the poor often feeling like they individually pay lots of tax but receive very little in return ( with the perhaps unsurprising feeling that working poor feel the most screwed over by the existence of non-working poor ) . 
  this accounts for the right wing economic ideals of people whose best interests would inevitably be served better by voting for left wing parties . 
  then there 's the fact that in most countries education and wealth correlate positively with social liberalism , and vice versa ( this is also tied up in religion , although that 's a chicken and egg problem i 'll avoid discussion of ) - so many poor people are socially conservative , which , in many cases , means that a traditional conservative party which promises to lower taxes and enact socially conservative policy appeals most highly to the very rich social conservatives and working poor people . 
  what ? 
  edit : it 's just i have no idea what the fuck you were trying to imply , sarcastic or not . 
  long and serious answers have been given , but if you want a real clue to why it 's still in russian hands , look to history : kaliningrad used to be called konigsberg , and was the capital of prussia for hundreds of years , and then the capital of east prussia for hundreds more . 
  it was as german as they come , and russians did n't ( and to an extent still do n't ) like germans . 
  germany may not have been subjected to an equivalent mess as the treaty of versailles after ww2 , but they did lose huge chunks of historically german land , and around 14 million germans had to move after the war , with around 2 million dying as a result of the move ( essentially trying to escape , or often being forced out of , russian controlled lands ) . 
  no-one will ever complain about that though , who cares about 2 million dead civilians if they were germans in the 1940 's , eh ? 
  they 're developing fast . 
  what remains to be seen is whether their economy reaches the heights of the west or whether it starts to slow down before they get there . 
  the slow down of the chinese economy is an inevitability , the only question is , how soon ? 
  no , that 's the whole point ( not that i support this idiotic dream , but still ... ), 
   so mr. depardieu is happy to get money from the state , but he 's not willing to give a fair share back as taxes . 
  he 's paid something like 140 million euros . 
  you want to exclude poland , the czech republic , and estonia ? 
  you do n't really keep up with economics do you ? 
  i go with the mail to keep up with what * that sort * think . 
  the sun readers do n't really actually care too much , but the mail readers care so , so much about the evil eu supernazistate which leeches all our money , rapes our queen , and does absolutely nothing whatsoever good for us ever . 
  read it online of course , with adblock fully enabled - that way it costs * them * . 
  edit : have al jaz , bbc , economist , ft , etc. 
  on standby for before and after reading the mail , otherwise you 'll end up wanting to kill yourself . 
  britain and portugal should just get it over with and have sex . 
  this 700 year `` i like you '' `` and i like you too ! '', 
  stuff is way too chummy . 
  united kingdom of great britain , northern ireland , and portugal , anyone ? 
  edit : i accidentally an `` o '', 
   honestly , what are we defending ourselves from ? 
  who said we were defending ourselves ? 
  in libya we went to end civilian casualties and we were successful , but probably only because of the us 's ability to re-arm us . 
  making norway a cancerous growth and denmark some spooge ? 
  what ? 
  robin version is best version for multiple reasons . 
  it 's a good city , strange that as a finn you would n't be supportive . 
  that 's really rather interesting . 
  do you have any idea as to the actual historicity of the anecdote ?
