  i answered that further down , feel free to finish reading . 
  edit : also shit loads of other reasons beyond what i listed . 
  i mean fuck , why is it awesome to have the united states as opposed to whichever one you live in yourself ? 
  unless you 're one of those weird secessionists , that should help you understand . 
  i see no percentage signs there ... 
  that 's the thing . 
  without cap , eu farming collapses within a year or two . 
  with it , there 's a gradual restructuring towards very high area farms . 
  that 's already happening where i 'm from . 
  there are several of farmers that people joke are building `` little empires '' because they 're buying land left right and centre , buying out entire other farms - those guys can make a decent profit because their farms are huge . 
  the guys with the smaller farms get into to other work where they can . 
  it works . 
  in a generation we could have 1/10th the farmers we have now , producing even more food than we do now , but not have to deal with all the unemployment of a farming collapse , if we do n't get rid of cap . 
  oh i agree mate , i was n't having a go at you guys - just pointing out to mrtom that we did actually do a share of the bailing out , whether it was a fair share is up for debate , with good arguments on both sides , but certainly it 's not like we just outright refused to help . 
   you said it yourself . 
  the pm is english no , i said he was british . 
  he is also english . 
  the previous one was scottish , the one before that a mixture of both . 
  so.the.fuck.what . 
   correct , unless of course scotland leaves . 
  unlikely , given support is now down to less than 30 % . 
   i am talknig about 4 monolithic identites , three of which have their own governments to differing degrees . 
  the united kingdom is by no means the single , unified entity it was 100 years ago and you know it . 
  it 's still a single country , and i reject this intentional division across ethnic lines which you intentionally force for . 
  i mean fuck me did you clap when bosnians and serbs started murdering each other ? 
   pulitzer-winning stuff . 
  genuinely asking here , if you can try to remain civil for a sentence or two , what is it about being british that means so much to you ? 
  do you genuinely not see it as being `` more english '' ? 
  it 's a completely separate identity and fairly dictinct culture comapred with any of the home country ones . 
  i mean for starters there is no english culture , to take south eastern people , cornwall folk , and people from proper northern england call that one monolithic culture is tremendously ignorant . 
  same with scotland , to a lesser degree , there 's the north south split . 
  same north south split in wales . 
  i do n't think i even need to explain the differences in ni to you . 
  britain takes all that and sticks it all together . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of most of the aspects of scottish cultures i can find , nor of english ones either , but i find that the british identity tends to put together the best of these , intentionally so , in order to make a good cultural and social mix . 
  so , yes , i see british as far more than english , and i kind of feel embarrassed for people who do n't understand that it is , because english cultures and british culture are very very different things . 
   and now you 've jumped into bitter , pointless racism . 
  well done . 
  no , just expressing a point , i do n't know very much about irish culture , you clearly do n't know very much about british culture , or the various subcultures found within . 
   didnt say they were n't . 
  go back and read the original post . 
  `` wanting the english to leave '' ... `` rest of us hearing the english bitch '' ... '' seriously , britain , '', 
  how many farmers do you know who have those skills ? 
  it 's not so much about employment on the whole , it 's about keeping people with virtually no skills besides farming in a job until their kids can grow up and go to university or get jobs in other industries . 
   it 's the english whining about europe no it 's fucking not . 
  as unhappy as i am to say it , eu support polls barely any higher if any at all in wales and scotland . 
  not sure about ni but i suspect the same . 
   it 's the english that will decide whether or not britain stays in the eu no , it 's the british . 
  if we have a referendum then we all get a vote . 
   britain 's current position - predominantly dictated by the english - is fairly ridiculous , being completely half a fucking loaf . 
  that 's like saying our position is predominantly dictated by women because we have more men than women - that is , utterly retarded . 
  you talk as if you 're discussing 4 monolithic beings , you 're not , you 're talking about 62 million british people spread around 4 different countries . 
   i 'm well aware there 's a british identity , i just have absolutely no idea why the fuck anyone other than an englishman would want to be part of it . 
  because britain is awesome . 
   from the outside it seems heavily george 's cross-centric . 
  ok , fine , from the outside ireland seems like potatoes and indiganance , and very little more , and i have fuck all idea why northern irish republicans are in such a rush to jump from the uk into that . 
  perhaps we both lack experience in the respective countries , eh ? 
   maybe i 'm a cunt man , but it was you that decided to score some cheap points with badly aimed semantics . 
  no , ** fuck that ** - it 's not semantics . 
  you talk about england then you talk about britain . 
  they 're not the same fucking thing . 
  britain is three countries , uk is four countries . 
  england is just one part of that . 
  cheeky lot , are n't they ? 
  was actually quite surprised that that was an eu made video , when it was clearly so intentionally divisive . 
  right from the beginning with the 26 on one side and the uk on the other , as if all of the other nations are paying loads in and we 're not - when in fact we 're one of the minority of net contributors to the whole thing . 
  jesus fucking christ , you lot are so fucking fiercely proud of your identity and bomb people who wo n't accept it , but as a scot i talk about the uk and you ca n't even deign to accept the existence of a british identity . 
  what a first class fucking cunt you are . 
  my my , you are a bit of a sarcy cunt are n't you ? 
   tell me , is it the scottish , welsh or english pm it 's a british pm . 
  there is no prime minister of wales , scotland , or england , nor of northern ireland . 
   the leader of ukip is from which part of the uk ? 
  so what ? 
  a few percent of the eu are actually , and that 's an important enough percentage that i think cap is worth it for a generation until it 's 0.00 x % of the eu workforce , and not 3-4 % of it . 
   i was under the impression bulgaria was eu now and thereby pretty much on the side of the west . 
  yes , but this reactor project was begun by the bulgarian socialist party , who grew out of the bulgarian communist party , and therefore are reds in my book . 
   i do n't want the reds or the eu to have another chernobyl and bulgaria does n't seem like it 's necessarily ready to be building nuclear reactors . 
  this is extremely unlikely to happen again . 
  this is why i inquired as to the reactor type , but in most modern reactors a chernobyl type accident is functionally impossible now . 
  oh look , the new kids are fighting again ... 
  hmm . 
  on the one hand : nuclear power good . 
  on the other hand : russian reactors : not necessarily so good . 
  anyone know what type of reactor the reds are building there ? 
  the cap keeps a few percent of the entire eu workforce out of unemployment for a generation . 
  despite being british , i argue strongly in its favour . 
  hmm ? 
  but we bailed out ireland ... 
  britain ! = english . 
  seriously , you lot were part of the club for quite some time , you should bloody know that by now . 
   had a much closer relationship with the us ftfy  the days of super-close uk-us collaboration are done with . 
  now hopefully we 'll see what you talk of . 
  indeed so . 
  ah well , lets the meat drones think what they will of the metal drones xd, 
  be good to get some more anglo-french collaboration . 
  feels like the politicians have been driving a wedge between our two great nations , when the uk and france should be best of friends . 
  oh absolutely , i just think it 's important to point it out because i 've spoken to a lot of people who 've said things like `` but what if the drone malfunctions and decides to shoot a car with kids in it ? '', 
  - clearly not understanding that these things are n't running on ai yet . 
  indeed . 
  happy to sell weaponry , but when it comes to actually having to use it to save lives they 're pacifists all of a sudden .
