  in an academic context i accept the word means what you say it does , unfortunately words are defined by mass consent , and as such words can mean one thing in a scientific context and another in a more general context . 
  i do n't really see how ethnography is a science unless you 're meaning genetics . 
  seems more like an arts subject to me . 
   my point is that you will often make assumptions about which culture someone is from based on their appearance by how they dress , walk , talk , express themselves , their accent , their expressions , their car , their house . 
  yes . 
  i do make judgements about other people based on these things . 
  we all do . 
  that 's part of being human . 
   and you will just as often hold misconceptions about any foreign culture yes , of course . 
  so what ? 
  so my value judgements are sometimes inaccurate , that does n't mean i ( or anyone else , because we all do this ) is going to stop making them . 
   indeed , an anthropologist who does n't share your background may easily make the argument that it is typical of western , especially british , culture , which mostly consists of white people , to consider their own culture superior to any other , and that this is part of the explanation for the exceedingly bloody history of our culture , as well as our historical desire to conquer and subjugate all foreign , `` inferior '' cultures . 
  oh i do n't consider my culture superior to all others . 
  there are many exceedingly impressive cultures out there . 
  but some are actually just pretty shitty on the balance of things . 
  you know i did n't used to think like this . 
  i used to be a cultural relativist . 
  then i found out the levels of fgm in many cultures , i found out about the practise of bacha bazi in pashtun culture . 
  edit : not me downvoting you btw , and i think it 's a bit rude of whoever is given that you 're debating civilly and maturely , even if i do disagree with much of what you say . 
  partly the holocaust was different because it ( thankfully ) only happened once , and with all generalities you 're required to look at frequency of occurrence . 
  partly because any culture can and does fall prey to this sort of mass brainwashing . 
  unfortunately there have been numerous cases found of parents from central africa and western africa beating and torturing children accused of being witches in europe alone . 
  that 's the ones we 've found , and they 're immigrants in small numbers . 
  the number doing it back home is quite horrifying if you look into the actual stats and stories behind these people . 
  this is an ongoing part of their culture . 
  no single anomaly has caused one generation to believe in witches , the belief permeates their society and is widespread and intergenerational . 
  that 's quite different . 
  do n't get me wrong , you can find negative things about any culture , i 'm not saying otherwise , but you seem to assume that i 'm using this as an excuse to hate on certain cultures , i 'm not , i 'm just saying that some are qualitatively better than others . 
  sorry for the delay in response , busy times . 
   you think a half french half british armed forces would work any better ? 
  you think a part english part scottish armed forces would work ? 
  ` cos there were people 200 years ago who did n't . 
   they speak different languages except that everyone growing up in the eu is now learning english , and half of the eu already speaks it fluently , especially younger people . 
  so , to an extent the above is n't true , and rapidly it 's becoming less and less true . 
   italy has a larger economy than india . 
  germany has a larger economy than the whole of mercosur put together . 
  * for now * . 
  also have you looked at growth rates ? 
  between 1990 and 2006 the chinese economy grew about 325 % , the uk one by less than 50 % , and italy 's by maybe 25 % . 
  european countries are all similar on this . 
  we 've punched above our population weight because other countries have been poor and shitty and undeveloped , but they 're developing now , and fast , and we 're losing our advantage . 
  india 's gdp is projected to be larger than chinas currently is by 2050 , growing all the time to get there . 
  that is possible , maybe even likely . 
  italy 's gdp will not by that size at 2050 . 
  if we 're lucky , italy 's gdp will have undergone steady low rate growth for those years . 
   however we do n't need it for defence , we have a powerful enough armed forces , actually our armed forces are day by day being weakened and are less effective , but i did n't say we * needed * it for defence , i said it would be beneficial in many regards . 
   we do n't need it to negotiate our trade agreements , we have excellent agreements with many commonwealth states oh this is utter tosh , if we `` did n't need it '' then why was n't free trade in place in europe prior to the eec/eu ? 
  we do n't * have * free trade with india or pakistan , and having a few bilateral agreements in no way compares to having a free trade zone . 
   and any nation who does n't want to trade with the uk will only be shooting themselves in the foot . 
  it 's not about that though and no-one ever said it was . 
   so as i said , we give the eu money , we get discounted food . 
  if you choose to look at it that way then sure . 
  i tend to take the view that since without the cap we 'd have more money but food would cost around the same ( just not be european ) that the cap is a form of wealth distribution , but we both know what it is so i 'm happy enough . 
   i pointed out the number of agricultural workers has fallen but the cap budget has n't really . 
  in 10 years ( 97-07 ) the agriculture , forestry , fishing & hunting sector shrank by 27.5 % . 
  that 's significant . 
  that 's fantastic , consolidation is exactly what we want . 
  cap pays based on land held , and so land is being consolidated by farmers who stay in the business while others get out of it . 
  this is * precisely * what we want . 
   the cap is n't a transitional allowance , it 's a way of making the eu worthwhile for western europe . 
  eastern europe is one of the markets that causes us to ` need ' the cap !, 
  i disagree that it 's not transitional , but not quite sure i understand what you mean by that bit about western europe . 
  are you referring to the fact that western european nations take 3/4 of the cap home , or that because eastern european food is cheaper western european farms have to be subsidised ? 
  either way , i fail to see how that would go against my point that the cap is there to allow a steady and stable reform of the farming industry . 
  the no. 1 goal of the cap as laid out in the treaty of rome is to increase productivity and maximisation of labour potential ( i.e. 
  use fewer people better for more land ) . 
   you say people vote as individuals , but that 's not true . 
  just a short while before you were talking about how the french are looking after france 's interests . 
  the french government , sure . 
  this is a problem we face by having national governments still , and the sooner we disentangle the eu level governance from national level governance the better . 
  there are many common goals and achivements towards which some in the eu will be for and others against , and increasingly those are not along national lines . 
   people vote for their country 's benefit . 
  i think people vote for their * own * benefit , and that does n't always accord with what 's good for the majority in their country , and that 's fair enough and a good thing . 
   i get the feeling you want the eu to be a country where i 'm not british , i 'm european . 
  you 'll be both , just as i 'm currently scottish and also british . 
  hell , you already are both , it 's just right now your passport says uk ( although is still an eu passport , notably ) . 
   many people in the past have tried to merge europe , it keeps splitting back up again . 
  it seems to be the natural way of things , the ` equilibrium ' if you will . 
  it 's never been tried like this before . 
  this is the first european empire/nation/grouping to ever have expanded its borders by consensus within and without the union . 
   a maltan having 176 times the voting power of a german is undemocratic , i agree . 
  it does n't make it ridiculous . 
  smell the cheese , when has your vote ever made a difference anyway ? 
  every time i 've used it . 
  malta having the same power of germany in voting terms splits up nations purely based on national interests , it 's not just anti-democratic but it 's also intentionally divisive and to do that is to build a flaw into the organisation . 
  voting must be democratic , which means 500 million votes on eu wide referendums , and proportional voting and representation within the parliament etc. 
  the stuff you say about the american electoral collage system , so what ? 
  we do n't have that system , you 're * arguing * for it , but there 's no reason to go forward building that system into the european union . 
   i do n't want the eu to attempt ( and fail ) to represent me , it will never be what i 'd like , realistically i have too little influence . 
  oh wake up man wo n't you ? 
  you think you have tangibly different levels of influence in a nation of 62,000,000 people ? 
  are you insane ? 
   i 'm perfectly happy if that means some dude in malta statistically has a higher chance of influencing the world than i do , at the end of the day none of it is down to either of us . 
  i would explain democracy to you , but i 'm quite sure you 're versed in the details and just being perverse in this case . 
  you simultaneously argue for an intentional weakening of democratic values while arguing that it does n't work because ... well it does n't work because of the anti-democratic stuff like having unequal voting power . 
  circular reasoning . 
   edit : i personally feel you 're being very idealistic , where i 'm trying to be more realistic . 
  and i think you 're being tremendously short sighted . 
  you think the uk can remain relevant , with a high standard of living , and maintain world power into the future . 
  we can not on our own .
