  let 's face it , swedish culture abandoned the idea of the witches a few centuries ago . 
  i 'd be surprised if a single person you asked on the street would actually think from that title that this was an culturally swedish family . 
  well , principles have to be applied to be refined . 
  this had to be dealt with , london met was failing in their duty to check that their `` students '' were real students and not sub-minimum wage bonded labourers , which many were . 
  they failed in their duty and real students suffered as a result . 
  the government guidelines are , frankly , reasonably fair . 
  if universities ca n't keep up with them in the generality , then they 're not being managed sufficiently well and probably should be under supervision . 
  you ca n't really expect them to be on a par with french soldiers . 
  at least they 're bloody there now . 
  i hope this is n't forgotten . 
  one minute european nations are evil colonial masters , the next , saviours . 
  well , education visas have been hugely abused by people ( mostly ) from the subcontinent for the last decade or so , this had to be dealt with and this is how it 's happening . 
  as a student , it seems perfectly fair enough to me . 
  by and large the people who get `` messed about '' are n't students , and a lot of them are working for less than minimum wage in shitty conditions , we should be * happy * that this practise is ending . 
  example of this ? 
  they 're not paying 15k , they 're paying at most a few thousand for some low level courses at their sham college   has very little to do with international students . 
  they 're not all students though that 's the point . 
  lots of people are coming here to work in curry houses and as illegal workers claiming to be a student in order to live here . 
  they 're * not * students . 
  do n't stand between the edl and uaf ? 
  sorry , are you referring to the london metropolitan university affair ? 
  claims you with absolutely no evidence . 
  i know . 
  lived with a dude from romania once , top bloke . 
  to save a government , and kill islamic militia men . 
  what more would one need ? 
   when your whole argument is that the immigrant population is not as civil as the indigenous population umm , hate to be that guy , but seriously ? 
  britain is pretty fuckin ' civil . 
  mate , as long as it 's shit heads kicking in the heads of shit heads , we 're all good . 
  you wot m8 ? 
  what you mean all the ones who `` study '' at sham colleges to get residency visas ? 
  they 're not talking about you lot , they 're talking about romanians and bulgarians . 
  here 's why it 's a partially valid problem . 
  come to uk ( allowed easily soon enough )  sell big issue once or twice a week  be self employed by doing that  claim benefits  get nearly $ 600 a month from the government for doing virtually nothing . 
  that 's a problem , and there * are * plenty of people just waiting to take advantage of that . 
  on the bright side , now that romanians and bulgarians are demonised , people all of a sudden seem to think poles are ok . comin ' here , workin ' their arses off for not that much money , makin ' our country better . 
  fuckin ' awesome lovable bastards they are . 
  edit : seriously though , we 're really closing the doors on folk from outside of the eu . 
  i know some guys from outside the eu and when they came to uni here they could stay for a year or two after quite easily , now they 're all out within 3 months or the police kick their door in and stick 'em on a plane . 
  the uk is very much taking the approach that we can satisfy our immigration needs from certain commonwealth countries and the eu . 
  there 's plenty of it in uk history . 
  no , not massively . 
  but they 're citizens you can be fairly sure of it . 
  most of the islamic wackos we have in the uk are 2nd or 3rd gen immigrants . 
  for some reason , some of the ones from pakistan and bangladesh seem to get * more * extreme in their beliefs . 
  this goes against the trend of most immigrants where 2nd gen kids tend to be british in their culture , and third ones are at most a different colour but nothing else . 
  i know third gen polish immigrants who 're so british they shit the queen and piss milky tea , but for some reason with all the pakistanis and bangladeshi 's we imported in the ' 60 's and 70 's , despite their parents generally being fairly moderate , a subsection of them have decided to go full retard . 
  we have ways of dealing with them , although not very stringent ways . 
  that said , these dudes need a good telling off from the fuzz , not much more . 
  i 've said it before and i 've said it again , if muslim nutterism was anything serious to worry about in the uk then we 'd be serious about dealing with it . 
  as it is it 's just the odd muslim-chav who takes it upon themselves to embarrass their community like this and they can be fairly safely ignored after being told off . 
  mi5 will take care of the real nutters . 
  s'allright i hear , do let me know . 
  british army has been continuously deployed for more time than your country has existed . 
  all i 'm saying is go ahead and sit it out . 
  tbh the eu needs the us to stay out of things sometimes , just so we get used to being an international entity in our own regard . 
  this is fine , i do n't believe anyone has requested the help of the us ? 
  uk and france are . 
  we could help them , and probably we alone . 
  by sending 2 c-17 's ? 
  goodness me , if only there were a country which * did n't * contain some form of natural resources so we could invade somewhere which was n't so bloody convenient eh ? 
  i know you idiots do n't realise it , but * every * country has some resource . 
  you lot assume oil , lacking oil its gold , or plutonium , lacking those it 's going to be coal , or transport links , or whatever . 
  you will never believe in sincere intervention not because it does not occur , but because you refuse to . 
  stoning is probably actually more barbaric and evil than beheading though , realistically . 
  if we were strong enough we could , and should . 
  vince would make a good pm , shame he 'll never get the chance now that libs are finished . 
  basically the only decent heavyweight politician still kicking about, 
  ca n't you do at least the weed part of that in portugal now ? 
  http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8032/7979183430_b4d1239c35_z.jpg pretty sure the ones in the west are indian and so ... well , different obviously . 
  brown = asian , blue = black , green = other non-white . 
  because they were dressed like neds and harassing foreigners and drunk people . 
  there 's a reason they do stuff like this at night . 
  indeed so . 
  hope you 're enjoying your time in engotland !, 
  make sure you leave the city limits and pop over to glasgow or up to inverness to see some real scotland at some point , and go on the train , it 's pretty !, 
  sauce : i 'm from the highlands . 
  oi , do n't call me anglo-saxon you cheese eating war-frog , i 'm scottish !, 
  oh shit so it is , excusez-moi and so forth in another 50 or so languages i do n't speak . 
  typical british i am eh , going about europeans acting like the whole place is british ? 
  oh christ no , the decent thing for * these * cunts to do would be leave if they really do desire such a life . 
  just as if you really want to live in a country full of shit that 's going to kill you the polite thing to do is move to iraq or australia , not to try and introduce black widows into the wild in the uk . 
  to an extent . 
  the problem being that if they develop their thugish tendencies and are encouraged then a combination of them and the book can become dangerous . 
  the thuggery is certainly the primary issue here though . 
  wot ? 
  no , jesus . 
  i 'm just saying that muslims who want to live under sharia and ban advertising they do n't like and want to live in a country where alcohol is forbidden should just go to one where that 's the case , rather than trying to impose their ways upon a country that by and large does n't want those things . 
  most muslims i 've met are cool as fuck and would n't dream of trying to impose that upon british society just because it 's part of their own personal code . 
  edit : upvoted to counteract downvotes - no need for them for asking a question . 
  we can afford to be , they have next to no purchase even in their own communities and they never will . 
  the more capable they become at actually implementing their batshit insane schemes ( which is unlikely ) the more serious we will become . 
  until then , why trouble ourselves ? 
  they 're young , otherwise bored , and feeling excluded from society because they 're just muslim enough to essentially exclude themselves from society , but not so muslim that they might do the decent thing and y' know , fuck off to pakistan , finding meaning in moderately radical islam and embarrassing their communities . 
  they also have a lot of funny ideas about what they 're entitled to because they 're not culturally integrated , and hold their magic book above british law , because essentially they 're not culturally british despite most certainly having been born here . 
  i 'd put money on it being th , but maybe redbridge or somewhere else in the north east where all the banglastanis live . 
  yeah , dudes get arrested for shit like this . 
  there was some dudes in tower hamlets posting flyers claiming the area was a `` gay free zone '' who got in lots of trouble with the fuzz when they were found . 
  uk ai n't to tolerant of shit like this . 
  this is just a few young thugs out harassing non-muslims because they 're cunts , not much more .
