  no-one can touch us - not only are we incredibly powerful in our own right , but we 've got yankee friends and enough nukes to end all life . 
  speaking to many finns about this issue was amazing to me because for the first time in my life i really got to understand the sort of political helplessness that could be experienced by less dominant countries . 
  i 'd highly suggest looking into [ finlandisation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finlandisation ) - the policy adopted by finland which included censorship of anti-russian literature ( even that which was simply truthful ) , and policies which mandated that when say , foreign military purchases were made , they were divided equally between the us and ussr - even though obviously having a military running on two different nation 's hardware is less preferable than having it running on one . 
  finland is a very interesting example of a country most of us europeans consider to be on `` our '' side , and yet they 're only really just starting now to feel like part of the `` western '' club - after having half a century of feeling very very isolated . 
  this is personal experience on my part , mixed with a moderate amount of history i 've read . 
  finns do n't trust the west a great deal . 
  pre-ww2 they thought the swedes and norwegians were on their side , then the winter war kicked off and the swedes , whilst helping in material terms , refused to actually do any fighting to help their neighbour . 
  then the uk declared war on them . 
  after ww2 was over , the finns had the us and western europe on one side , and the ussr to the east and south . 
  they were surrounded on all sides by people they were n't sure of . 
  they were smart to be unsure - both sides had plans , in the event of war , to nuke the hell out of finland . 
  finland persued a policy of not antagonising anyone , but obviously russia is harder not to antagonise because russia is more childish and aggressive than the us is , marginally at least . 
  finland persued this policy of not pissing off russia for around 40 years , and the russians got used to being able to make demands of a scared finland . 
  where-as the baltic states never got used to being scared of losing their independence . 
  they did n't have it , then they did , then very soon after they were in nato . 
  there was never any real risk to them of losing sovereignty . 
  they joined before the rerise of russia . 
  russia is rising again though , at least to an extent - and with the ottawa treaty meaning that finland ca n't mine the fuck out of their massive border with russia , they once again seem to feel slightly worried about this behemoth next to them - and what might happen if the world got into enough turmoil that once again , not even sweden would bother to help . 
  finland is toying with the idea of nato . 
  on one of my trips there last summer i visited a nato/finland naval exercise , where nato and finland 's navy did some joint exercises . 
  the people i spoke to said that nato and finland have started doing exercises together , mostly because it takes a good while to integrate properly into the nato military structure , and since finland may well join before 2015 , it 's wise to start the integration training now . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are a lot of finns who still distrust the west , and also a lot who fear russia enough to not want to join nato - but i think increasingly among the young , perhaps a product of eu membership , there 's this feeling of integration with the west which did n't exist 30 years ago , and so a consideration that perhaps just finally becoming nato members might be the answer to every problem which contains the word `` russia '' - of which finland has many . 
   the drive for independence would have literally no support outside a group of fanatics without the implicit assumption that scotland would be supported for the first few decades of independence by oil money . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  my point is simply that oil is important because without it independence is impossible , rather than it being the case that independence is desirable because we 'd be loads better off than the rest of the uk due to our oil . 
   scottish independence is all about money . 
  i disagree . 
  while money is an important aspect of the independence drive , the drive does n't exist * because * there is plenty of money . 
  if you look at alberta in canada , some there want independence simply because they 're way wealthier than other canucks . 
  but scotland is n't considerably wealthier than the rest of the uk . 
  it 's about on par with england and only a little wealthier than wales or ni . 
  granted , the oil debate is important in talk of independence , but that 's only because it would form a vital part of our economy , not because it 's some golden goose which would allow us to raise our gdp per capita by # 10,000 the day we went independent . 
  chances are low for now , but in the next 1-3 years an awful lot could change . 
  i think a lot of people in scotland simply have n't given the issue much thought . 
  inevitably in a run up to any referendum , scots are going to be exposed to lots of people north of the border telling them it would be great for them , lots of people south of the border spouting some fairly vitriolic stuff , not to mention ** a lot ** of falsities , and very few people on either side of the border making much of a good case for maintaining the union . 
  born really is n't important , parentage is important . 
  and born of english parents in edinburgh , educated at fettes - you do n't get much more english than that even if your first name is london . 
  he 's ** yours !, 
  born to english parents . 
  enjoy !, 
  in edinburgh no less . 
  definitely english . 
  yes . 
  oi , blair was n't scottish , he just happened to be born here ( kind of , born in edinburgh ) . 
  not going to get into a penis measuring contest , but i 've been here longer . 
  i accept bad stuff happens , but i think it 's rare . 
  i 've had a couple of friends who 've experienced crime , but nothing too serious . 
  it really does n't seem especially common . 
  ymmv of course , but really , i do n't think one could call scotland especially dangerous . 
  geneva is a small wealthy city . 
  glasgow is a large poor city . 
  what do you expect ? 
  i 'm not saying there are n't crime problems in glasgow , but they 're to be found in almost any country . 
  i feel pretty safe in glasgow , i tread carefully at times , but it 's absolutely no different than i feel in london ( another city where i 've spent a good deal of time ) . 
  the rest of scotland tends to feel hugely safe to me . 
  scotland is definitely closer to the nordic scale of safety than , say , eastern europe , at least that 's how i perceive it based on the bits i 've been to . 
  i 'm surprised by the crime comment . 
  scotland is , in my experience , a very safe country to be in . 
  sure there are hotspots , just as with anywhere in the world , but having lived in two of the cities , and having spent a fair amount of time in edinburgh and in glasgow , i 've never felt crime was bad in scotland . 
  british , yeah ? 
  right , but if you live in one of a tiny number of major world cities , surely you should accept that there are going to be skyscrapers . 
  i 'd understand if this was being built in the middle of a nature reserve , but it 's a skyscraper in the centre of london . 
  complaining about it seems a bit like going to a chinese restaurant and complaining there 's rice on the menu . 
  dunno , bunch of whiners seem to dislike tall buildings , even tall elegant buildings like the shard . 
  ca n't really see their problem myself . 
  yes . 
  the person who made that map wo n't have heard of any of them . 
   and why should a careful 18yo pay for other people 's recklessness ? 
  ideally they would n't . 
  but we ca n't magically see into the future to find out who will crash and who will not , so we use actuaries to figure out which people are most likely to crash and which are least likely , and charge them accordingly . 
  it 's not perfect , but its the fairest and best system yet developed . 
  paying after the crash does n't work , if you put the whole cost onto those who do crash then many will simply stop driving and stop paying . 
  the whole point of insurance is that if something goes wrong then you 're insured against the liability incurred . 
  it 's not insurance if you have to pay for stuff that goes wrong in full . 
  the uk , as per my flair . 
  of course there 's need for other profiling though , look at the stats for 18 year male old drivers who 've just passed their tests vs. 30 something women who 've been driving for a decade . 
  its unfair to make someone in the latter group pay for someone in the former group 's risk . 
  sometimes you 're not in the best catagory in life , but we cant just ignore the real world because we would desire things to be fairer . 
  in doing so , we do not raise up the unlucky , but cut everyone down to an equally shitty place . 
  actually to be pernickety , waste size and religion are within the control of an individual . 
  but thats unimportant to my argument . 
  take one person who was born with some fairly severe disabilities . 
  they 're able to drive a modified car , but have a high risk of crashing . 
  in fact , lets say that over the lifetime of this person they will probably have 5 car accidents . 
  now take 4 people who were n't born with a disability , and are responsible drivers . 
  now make them each pay the cost of a car crash . 
  that 's fair ? 
  no , of course not , but that 's what you want to do . 
  i 'm in a fairly shitty place for insurance because of various genetic factors i was born with , but i do n't think it 's fair that others should be made to be unlucky just because i was . 
  i might have gotten a shittier than normal deal in life , there 's no need to inflict that upon others though . 
  none are , because of law . 
  all should be . 
  all we do when we make it illegal to judge risk by these things is put more of the cost onto those who carry a lower than mean risk . 
  superstition strongly correlates with risky path finding in taxi drivers . 
  so should insurance companies be forced to ignore this fact , dividing the costs of these drivers to less risky drivers , or should the cost incurred by the increased riskyness of certain drivers be placed upon those drivers ? 
  to me , the answer is obvious . 
  you want to earn the same , do the same job . 
  discrimination along gender lines is already illegal ( at least in the uk ) . 
  the reason women earn less is because women do jobs which pay less / and or ( if taken over the lifetime of the women ) are statistically somewhat more likely to take time off for kids . 
  you want to earn more ?
