  visa is n't accepted in germany ? 
  what is this madness ? 
  damn germany , get with ze times . 
  i truly do n't understand countries that do n't take card basically everywhere . 
  if i can pay my taxi fare in my country with a visa , why ca n't i pay it in every advanced country ? 
  what is this obsession certain mainland euro countries have with everything being done in paper ? 
  i 'm waiting to find a country where they expect me to dump two pounds of silver and a country chicken on the counter before i can get what i want . 
  stockholm is n't that bad to be honest . 
  i did n't find it anywhere worse than london town . 
   much better off getting dozens of different types of jet fighters of various types that are combat proven and true `` masters '' of their specific purpose not in the slightest . 
  i do n't think your analysis is based in anything other than hearsay and random conjecture based on very , very little . 
  the f-35 is as of yet unproven in combat ( as are many other of the world 's leading aircraft ) yet there are few reasons to suspect that it wo n't be an exceedingly capable aircraft . 
  `` superior '' ... 
  agreed . 
  it makes out like we 're some superhero superpower jumping in and we 're going to completely fix their problems . 
  as it is , we 've got some military trainers on the ground ( a good thing ) and a bunch of ships off the shore ( same as everyone else does ) . 
  i wish we 'd actually start doing what they 're making out we 're doing , but nation building makes certain groups within europe far , far too nervous for the time being for us to be engaging in it properly . 
  the money . 
  if you 've got the money then yes , it is you . 
  no money = very little power . 
  you 're just bitter because sweden can not into oil or empire . 
  no , you 're not understanding . 
  both sides , fearing that suffering a first strike + interception of nukes , decided the safest way to ensure mad was to build 6000-10000 nukes . 
  missile defense is n't infallible , and so far in history it 's just lead to a higher number of weapons being developed . 
  and so would they . 
  why do you think russia and america built thousands upon thousands of nuclear weapons each ? 
   because socialists are for freedom while libertarians are for oligarchy ? 
  could you insert more bias into that please , it 's not quite dripping with enough of it . 
   the thing is , that socialism , as socialists understand the word , has nothing to do with the understanding of socialism in right wing libertarian circles . 
  socialism , as socialists describe it , require redistribution of wealth , the core tenet of libertarianism is opposition to redistribution of wealth . 
  the two are completely incompatible , and left wingers who think they can legitimately use the term `` libertarian '' are just appropriating and attempting to redefine the term . 
  not really . 
  libertarianism incompatible with socialism , their core tenets are in direct opposition . 
  an oxymoron , but unfortunately one which is sometimes adopted . 
  it 's a very common thing in ukraine ( and russia ) . 
  anyone who opposes russia is liable to be labelled a nazi ( quite seriously ) . 
  it 's not even just $ 20bn , it 's $ 20bn * per year * which is an absurd request . 
  greece has taken ( from 20 seconds research ) somewhere around $ 200 bn in total from the bailout packages , and that was funded via the imf * and * the eu . 
  if you think about the political will it took to get greece that , and the reason it was done ( it had to be , to save the eurozone ) , i think it becomes obvious to all involved that ukraine might get promised development aid to the tune of $ 20 bn over in the 2014-2020 period , but that 's pretty much the best a non-eu member can hope for . 
  oh for gods sake , are eu diplomats so incompetent as to fall for such things ? 
  everyone knows you can just google for nekkid carli bruni and your desires will be met . 
  this is not true . 
  do n't go over-reacting just because 3 or 4 people chucked some downvotes at you . 
  there are ways around the problem of russian gas supply . 
  i recall hearing that one country which russia cut off/was threatening to cut off , simply bought their gas off germany , who buy it off russia . 
  russia have the power to screw over economically small countries , but they rely on selling their gas to germany and the big economies of europe just as much european nations rely upon them . 
  i have no idea why you 're being downvoted btw , although i would n't worry about it . 
  on the surface this is about trade deals , but realistically it 's about picking sides in which power bloc to align with . 
  does ukraine join the eu , which is on course to federalise completely in a few decades , or does it join the eurasian union , which russia is evidently trying to mould into a new cccp . 
  `` right wing people are dangerous and should n't be trusted '' - * daily people 's worker magazine *, 
   says the fucking poodle country . 
  right , because this is actually the reddit account of the present and every past government of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ...  do you people even understand irony ? 
  no of course not , we hired americans to write monty python . 
  who am i talking to ... just wasting my time . 
  probably wasting both our time , realistically . 
  ` cos then they 'd be as funny as me , 
  so go ahead and downvote me  edit : more , more !, 
  let 's see if we can get me down to 34500 !, 
  i was making a funny ` cos mohammed boned a 9 year old , ken ? 
  actually i do believe the age of consent as per islam is around 9 . 
  i 'm not suggesting we sympathise , i 'm saying that making jokes about it is childish and unnecessary . 
  absolutely not , but we need not make shitty jokes about their death either . 
   if this is at all true , you can expect that all the might of the western world will work full force to prevent it . 
  i think you over-estimate the unity and power of the west . 
  firstly , the eu and us are diverging in both their interests and their aims , and secondly , western power , while not really waning , is rapidly approaching being matched by other nations which are building up their power bases in a variety of ways . 
  honest and legality do not matter when it comes to russia , it 's about power , capability , and what you can get away with . 
  the real question is can russia afford * not * to do this . 
  you 're looking at a country which would be utterly crippled without a strong oil and gas industry . 
  they 've got about 20 years of proven oil left , and while they have about 70 years of proven gas reserves at current rates , a desire to have circa 5 % economic growth per year ( dependent on increased gas exports , realistically ) , plus poor investment in technology and infrastructure means that russia 's best bet for staying at its current level of power for the 21st century is to be * the * country with access to all of the arctic oil and gas reserves . 
  by the mid-point of the century , if their bet pays off , the world will still be heavily dependent on o&g , america and the middle east will have exhausted or be near exhaustion of much of their oil and gas reserves , the north sea will be drained , and their arctic oil and gas will power not just europe , but much of the world , making them incredibly wealthy , and of course as we see since the russians are n't above basic bully boy tactics , also bringing them great power . 
  if you look now at the way the russians are going , the entire direction of the country would support the idea that they 're going to push for the arctic in the next few decades . 
  the russians are tooling up their military , attempting to weaken the eu at every opportunity ( the one foe they really have to take care of all on their own , one way or another ) , they 're building links with the chinese and quite happily setting up a symbiotic relationship , as well as arming anyone who wants it with advanced military tech . 
  the us is doing its pivot and i suspect the russians are hoping that by the time they push into the arctic and claim it the us will be too distracted with china to be able to mount serious opposition , although i suspect that if it comes to it they 'd be prepared for a mid-level conflict just to gain control of the arctic . 
  norway and canada do n't stand a chance against the russians , economically , militarily , or politically . 
  do not underestimate russia . 
  their leaders play a very long , very cynical game , and they are solely out for themselves . 
  this is n't 4chan mate , pretend to be a decent human being eh ? 
  happens in the uk too mate . 
  we 've got our share of nutters of the quranic variety . 
  ah sorry , see what you mean , but i still suspect this is as it seems legitimate insanity from the russian media . 
  you realise russia is a country which just shut down its most honest state news agency in favour of what so looks like it 'll be just a flat out government propaganda agency , and that it 's a country where journalists critical of the government have a habit of being shot in the brain ? 
  the russian state has a fairly tight handle on what appears in their media . 
  from a political perspective : good good . 
  seriously though , what the fuck were the parents doing ? 
  i 'm in general over the moon when jihadis die , but 16 year olds are pretty much still kids . 
   the longer this goes on , the hypocrisy of the eu is becoming very clear . 
  oh please do explain . 
   the eu should n't be getting involved in the local politics of other countries . 
  this is n't local politics . 
  you 've got people who support udar , svoboda , and batkivshchyna , all side by side in this . 
  this is not about domestic politics , it 's about the future of the country and one of the most impressive things about this entire protest has been how it 's * not * been allowed to be screwed up by domestic politicisation . 
   defending the rights of protestors they like even if they are nuts they 're nuts because they do n't want to be with russia ? 
  riiiight . 
  and that 's only the english language stuff . 
  a friend who speaks russian has told me that english language russian news is crazy , and russian language russian news is flat out insanity . 
  what 's the point ? 
  that overgrown oil sheikdom wo n't give a fuck . 
  people do n't need to * complain * to russia , they need to be constantly vigilant about how god damn menacing the country is . 
  yup , laying on the implicit racism and homophobia fairly thickly . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised , russia generally really hates gays and non-whites .
