  hmm , we 'll see how this goes . 
  a lot of the current leadership of zim should * never * not be sanctioned , since they 've been up to so much evil shit since they took over . 
  what a ruined country ... 
  with consent * and * a job or further training lined up . 
  that 's still 11 years minimum , not sure how they 're getting 9.4 but however they 're doing it they 're getting things seriously wrong . 
  umm , the us is damn wealthy dude . 
  you 'll note the the falklands is n't either . 
  i guess some dependencies just are n't worth gathering data for . 
  that would be a shame , the city of london has been a very important part of the uk economy since the big bang . 
  so essentially they 're doing a similar thing to what the `` troika '' suggested in the first place . 
  what a surprise . 
  i do n't think it 'll be forgotten any time soon that cyprus turned down the eu in anger because they thought they could get a better deal out of russia . 
  19 , 261 kbps for the uk ? 
  i have serious trouble believing that . 
  that 's 2.35 mb/s . 
  ah , religious people attacking freedom of speech . 
  that 's novel . 
  that 's my point though , it 's just an indication of how intertwined are roots are with all the other nations which play at money . 
  i mean , as long as there 's parity in some ways it 's a * good * thing to be heavily indebted like we are . 
  to go back to my earlier example , if the us has 200 in us and we have 180 in them , and we 're both making 3 % on our investments , then we 're all getting richer . 
  if we were both completely square , ok we might not have any worries about debts but then , who 's making anything ? 
  it 's net for a given value of net . 
  i agree that debt is debt , but i just think it 's relevent to take into account the fact that we 're owed huge sums of money also . 
  if our banks owe us banks 200 billion and us banks owe uk banks 180 billion then i 'm not going to think `` omg we owe 200 billion '' i 'm going to recognise that we 're going to have to come up with 20 billion at some time . 
  is this multilingualism or is this arabic becoming a big language ? 
  welcome to the international standard , 
  it 's more to do with devaluing the pound to strengthen our exports and reduce our debt . 
  works quite well , although anyone with money in the uk obviously takes a hit . 
  worth keeping in mind that we 're also owed huge sums of money . 
  not really an accurate one , given putin , either . 
   \u03a4his is called a logical fallacy . 
  you do n't `` know '' something like this , you prove this . 
  this is very true , and ordinarily were i invested enough in this discussion i 'd hunt down some reliable sources to make my argument with , unfortunately i 'm not because i 've got chemistry to do , so you can take this as conversation without argument/debate if you like , and you 're welcome to write off the claim . 
   did you notice how much money get through the city of london ? 
  also , did you notice that real russian oligarchs buy property in london , but your home country does n't ask any questions ? 
  right , and when people get shot on the streets we do n't howl with anger because sometimes shit happens when you welcome dodgy russians into your home . 
  perhaps cyprus should take a leaf out of our book on that one , 
  ah but is n't he adorable ? 
  by all means keep posting , everything you write makes me smile !, 
  edit : i think he called me a liar here , by this point i do n't think it 's necessary to copy any more of this chap 's posts . 
  some people are just astonishing ... 
   until the germans say exactly who these alleged mobsters are , they have no case . 
  oh bullshit , it 's widely known that the russians are putting dirty money into cyprus . 
  give it a quick google and you 'll find no end of articles on the issue . 
  they 're pouring 20 billion a year into an economy with a gdp of 23 billion . 
  the country is running on dirty russian money . 
  and in response to * this * op posts :  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm calling the cops . 
  then deletes . 
  my god op , you 're quite something !, 
  and my response i wrote : `` it 's not an article , it 's a misleading image which pointlessly denigrates the americans for the mistake of one man and cynically attacks every doctor who happens to work under the caduceus . 
  if you 'd been interested in discussion you could have explained accurately the mythology behind the two symbols , and to make things interesting you could have told the story of why parts of the us healthcare system now use the caduceus instead of the rod of asclepius . 
  instead you post that crap . '', 
  since i wrote a reply , here 's the post made by op in response to my own post above :  you pathetic piece of shits . 
  you claim you 're not circlejerks and you are exactly that . 
  you killed the article immediately because only what your hive mind accepts becomes a circlejerk . 
   you moronic narcissistic piece of shits . 
  sorry , to be clear , are you a group focussed on cultural exchange/understanding along the lines of many other exchange and links building groups , or are you actively seeking to politically unify europe west of ukraine ? 
  upvoted your post , downvoted this bullshit . 
  karmawhoring is pathetic . 
  true , but the germans are right to wonder why they should bail out a bunch of russian mobsters . 
  what a nasty little man . 
  sigh . 
  that 's not very encouraging . 
  why is turkey so fucked ? 
  what 's started everything going so wrong ? 
  that 's a real shame . 
  i thought the combination of a strong military + the turkish constitution would really protect it from the crazy aspects of islam a l\u00e1 the middle east . 
  such a shame the akp are in the position they 're in . 
  sigh . 
  there 's so much wrong with this . 
  obviously the answer should be a resounding `` fuck you '' - it 's just a shame if the turks are going to insist on babies from turkey having the national religion instilled in them . 
  i guess the solution is to just stop adopting turkish children . 
  this sort of shit from turkey is completely unacceptable . 
  it 's such a shame , i thought turkey was going to become part of the eu , be cool , keep on gradually liberalising , obviously eventually join the trend of getting rid of all the imaginary sky-men which europe is leading the world on . 
  but no , i guess not , they 're regressing :(, 
  indeed , then they too could pay back the money they owe for generations ... 
  that 's not the wisest thing you 've ever said . 
  that 's true yeah , there was a little bit of `` fuck uk/nl '' but not much , so fair enough , 
  meh , the most they can get before the banks take their money is whats in the atms , and that 's barely anything . 
  once the banks have taken the 10 % most wo n't bother touching their money . 
  some will , and if too many do the banks may : a ) collapse b ) take more money from them but either way this is essentially already a done deal . 
  could it start civil war ? 
  probably not , if we 're realistic . 
  while most people will be too shortsighted to view this as what it essentially is , they will accept that it is done , be disgruntled , and carry on keeping their savings in banks which offer 3 % interest in an economy where almost every bank offers considerably less . 
  oh look it 's iceland version 2 . 
   governments ca n't do what they want , they can do what the constitution allows them to do . 
  you say that , but as the only legitimate user of force , they can essentially do whatever they want . 
  the people may elect to stop them , but within a general context they can act how they choose to . 
  i 'm not condoning that , that 's just how it is . 
   if there is n't one , then all measures must be voted on by the houses of government , which is what the cyprus parliament will do soon , regardless of the measure being constitutional or not . 
  it 's already something towards preserving peoples ' rights , i guess . 
  they 're already essentially proposing that they 're going to break a whole bunch of eu rules by doing this . 
  they can do that because they 're a sovereign government , so essentially they have the power to do it . 
  real politik is harsh and nasty but , at least it faces the reality of how things work . 
   this measure wo n't save the banks . 
  it may , this remains to be seen . 
  if the issue is purely one of liquidity in the short term then this measure could very well save the banks . 
   it just made people distrust the banks , so future investments will be scarcer than ever . 
  so long , mr. return-to-markets .
