  it no longer applies either . 
   moscow maintained an arrest warrant for tymoshenko should she enter russia until her dismissal as prime minister four years later . 
  sorry , why were moscow maintaining charges against a ukrainian who had been * supposedly * doing dirty deals with another ukrainian ? 
  what did it have to do with them ? 
   11 august 2001 civilian and military prosecutors in russia opened a new criminal case against tymoshenko accusing her of bribery . 
  this was no doubt as clean and honest as all other russian justice proceedings ...  the prosecutors suspended it again when she came to moscow for questioning [ 65 ] on september 25 , 2005 . 
  [ 66 ] is * this * your evidence for her being friends with putin ? 
  i sincerely hope not because that would constitute really terrible evidence . 
   she helped to create the crisis . 
  she did not sign the contracts , she abused her powers to force the head of the state company to sign them . 
  yes , she ordered contracts signed , but naftogaz is state owned - in no other country would that be considered a strange act for a prime minister to undertake , especially not in the midst of a national energy crisis . 
  as for her creating the crisis , could you explain why you believe this to be the case ? 
   other than several prominent personalies , her party absorbed corrupt murderers , kgb officers , russian agents of influence and other similar shady types . 
  her party did everything they could to destroy the `` orange coalition '' and to collapse the `` orange revolution '' . 
  do you have any reliable evidence for this ? 
   she was a gas-dealer , an oligarch implicated in bribind russian officials . 
  again , evidence please . 
   this case was dropped once she met putin . 
  source on this please   and the gas deals she has pushed through mean total and complete capitulation for ukraine . 
  i still think it 's ridiculous you jailed a politician for solving a gas crisis with the retroactive view that the deal was n't as good as some people think it should have been . 
   business-partner and a close friend of putin - yulia timoshenko - behind the bars umm , wot ? 
  you 're talking about the tymoshenko who has a pro-european party , and was alligned with yushchenko who also stood on a pro-european ( hence essentially anti-russian , in ukraine ) platform ? 
  d'you actually have any evidence for either the `` business partner '' or `` close friend of putin '' thing ? 
  what ? 
  edit : that 's cool , just downvote , do n't explain . 
  s'not like i was asking a question or anything . 
  by some people , not all . 
  i 'm a brit , i 've always called it the ukraine . 
  my best friend has never objected or correct me , and he 's the sort of person who does . 
  he 's from kiev . 
   oh that 's just the primary reason , it 's backed up with other reasons - most people here do n't see the benefit to other people - arguments such as it 's unnecessary , it 's only ~ 30 minutes faster than currently this is not just about speed though , it 's also about capacity . 
  as for `` only '' 30 minutes , that 's about 45 % off the journey time , and with the eventual glasgow-london trip , it 's cutting off almost an hour . 
  so not only good improvements in line speed , but also the increased capacity which we absolutely must have . 
  as for cutting through pristine countryside , i 'm just going to be honest and say that that 's the price of progress . 
  it 's not like plenty of other trainlines and motorways do n't do the same . 
  if we oppose anything that does cut through green land then we 'll never build again . 
  as for environmentally damaging , trains are * the * most efficient way of travelling long distances and hence the most environmentally friendly . 
   and admit it : you 'd be pissed too if it went right past your house or through your favourite bit of countryside . 
  i 'd accept it , because we badly need infrastructure progress in this country . 
  i do n't think people realise that the options on the table are n't between hs2 and nothing ( unless we want to head toward failure in this country ) but between hs2 and a motorway , or hs2 and a slow train line . 
  it 's absurd that some people are suggesting building lines no more advanced than of the victorian era , which top out at 200 km/h , when just across the pond the french and germans are building trains that are going at 320 km/h . 
  absurd . 
  as for this project benefiting london exclusively , that 's just stupid ( sorry , but it is ) . 
  people in london are * already in london * . 
  people outside of london will be able to get to london much more easily , and there is far more benefit to be had for non-londoners accessing london more easily than vice versa . 
   the problem is that where i am - coventry - the rail would essentially go straight past the city without servicing it so essentially , people in your area want to block something which 'll massively benefit other people because it wo n't benefit your people ? 
  now * this * is part of the problem with the uk today . 
  not to mention all the rich fuckers with range rovers who all live within an hour of london and think it 's just awful that the plebs further up north might want to get to london on tracks that are n't 120 years old . 
   frankly , if it gets cancelled , the entirety of the north and midlands should descend and salt the earth in the home counties . 
  it 's taken over a year , but you 've finally said something i agree with . 
  we do n't , we just know that it has improved immeasurably , and that we seem to be good at this . 
  basically this is the thing yes . 
  it 's hard to tell how china will go , but for now the eu and us should n't trust that they 'll be anything less than a fully hostile entity within the next 20-40 years ( `` south china sea '' and taiwan are two big matches ) . 
  russia is already a hostile country , and acts like it ( the recent missile shield debacle being exemplary of russian thinking , not to mention georgia ) . 
  thankfully the russians and the chinese do not get along very well , so there 's far a far less unified front over in the east than there is in the west between the two great powers here . 
  still , both could experience either a large rise or a prolonged slump in the future , and we need to be prepared for the former . 
  overall though , in general we need to maintain dominance of the world . 
  militarily , economically , and culturally . 
  the west is n't perfect , far from it , but world order is essentially maintained and the world has improved more in the last half millennia of our absolute dominance than it had in the entire time running up to that . 
  hmm . 
  i agree that we 're going to have to go through a period of rebuilding of our powerbase and our economies , but i do n't think the best option for the medium term is for us to retreat into ourselves and withdraw from the world stage . 
  we 're fast coming to a junction , and we need to either accept fairly rapid decline into moderate wealth and little importance , or step up and work toward supremacy in both economy and overall power in this world . 
  i ca n't think of a better candidate to be the global superpower than us , in fact what i worry about is that other powers are extremely dangerous , whereas we basically just want to keep being awesome - for this reason , i hope we do gather ourselves together for a few years , and then get out there and take the position necessary to ensure the world runs safely and prosperously for all . 
   we get more excited about campaigns in the united states , where we do not vote , than in european campaigns . 
  well , we do n't vote in either , but one has a large tangible difference on the world and the other , much less so . 
  me too , although most of the time when that occurs people just quickly downvote you for saying something ( or sometimes even just a single word ) they do n't like , and move on . 
  a response explaining why they think you 're wrong or not contributing is rare , as seen by your 6 downvotes and my 2 . 
  ok - i 'm totally unfamiliar with bribery culture , i just know enough to know that it can rear its head in totally surprising situations to me , and that in any country where there is a culture of routine bribery , that it can be expected to appear all over the place . 
  if you do n't , things get much more complicated . 
  you 'll most probably need a professional accountant in order to manage what taxes you pay in your country of domicile and what taxes you pay in the country your business is registered in . 
  how much bribery is required on a day to day basis though ? 
  corruption indices show serbia as being a very corrupt country , and i think a lot of west europeans would rather pay $ 1000 in tax than $ 800 in bribes . 
  [ here is what you want . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ease_of_doing_business_index ) denmark . 
  norway . 
  now , these are three very different countries so which one you want to live in will depend very much on the sort of weather , lifestyle , taxation and service level , and people you desire to be around . 
  that said , they 're three good options . 
  i was always under the impression that established big name bands were banned lest countries like my own completely dominate year after year - it 's * intended * to be kitch and kind of lame . 
  that said , there 's no shortage of bad music taste going around in europe either . 
  but hey , at least we 're not china !, 
   oh man you should visit the prairies !, 
  regina makes vancouver seem like the garden of eden . 
  but that city is n't on the groovy list , unfortunately . 
  but yeah , it 's like a beauty contest , and vancouver is a hot girl in the contest but has a 14 inch nose . 
  that nose is east hastings . 
  sorry , d'you mean that regina has much worse problems , or just that it 's a better city ? 
  tbh i did n't really like van . 
  i 've been to many great cities in my life and vancouver just felt like a town trying to too hard . 
  full of hipsters and people who were n't particularly polite or nice , and up to the hilt in beggers . 
  right , it 's a bad * street * . 
  in my city of 200,000 people there are three bad neighbourhoods which are several square miles in size . 
  in western canada there 's a single bad street . 
  i 'm not saying it ai n't bad , just that it 's a mixture of adorable and wonderful that the worst the left side of canada has to live with is a single street of hobos and druggies . 
  people * really * hate gender studies . 
  also , get used to downvotes from people who do n't like anything vaguely associated with what you say . 
  the sooner you learn to not give a fuck about karma , or what half the people in this site think , the better . 
  i assure you , the uncivil morons outnumber the polite thinkers here by many to few . 
  down south can be a bit dodgy , fair amount of organised crime too , although obviously that 'll be present in glasgow too . 
  helsinki and vienna are also both outstanding cities . 
   i walk around at all hours of the day here in the largest city in the world while tokyo is very large , it is not necessarily the largest city in the world .
