  some of us like freedom , 
  what an echo ? 
  chamber !, 
  i 'm in aberdeen , i can confirm this . 
  thank god for students ... 
  not sure there 's any uk left if we leave the union old chap , given that it was a union between the uk and scotland . 
  the rest was all conquored . 
  perfect !, 
  we 'll need a few barmen for the night ... 
  half of europe eats that , including us . 
  it 's alright . 
  i actually think all the `` cis '' horseshit is just that , horseshit . 
  partly because i 'm a chemist and the term irritates the shit out of me , and partly because i think it focusses on the very dichotomy that libtards are constantly trying to argue does n't exist ( while using the terminology of di or trichotomies - completely idiotic ! ), 
  she may have been a lesbian . 
  nordic women are super hot women . 
  nordic men often just look like averagely attractive women  seriously though , in the uk people will buy drinks for peolpe they find hot , that works both ways . 
  the uk is unfortunately probably going to drag its feet the whole way . 
  or we might leave ( followed by scotland seceding and rejoining the eu ) . 
  the thing i 'm not sure many germans understand is it 's not just germans who 're getting tired of this whole war-guilt enforced pacifism stuff , the rest of us are too . 
  it 's been 70 years and germany has been a model country ever since , you 're allowed to have bang bang shooty sticks again , in fact we 'd like you to !, 
  germany spends about half of what the uk does on its military , and about 66 % of what france spends ( all in gdp terms ) . 
  the country could devote some more resources to the military , and if germany was n't so damn afraid of little expeditions we could do things like libya without having to ask ( nae expecting ) the yanks to give us a hand . 
  germany ca n't expect the uk and france to pay for the eu 's military power ( unified or not ) for the rest of eternity , which is essentially the situation right now ( combined uk+f r = 42 % of total expenditure , of course a good chunk of that total expenditure is on relatively useless assets by each country trying to maintain a real military on its own - as if ! ), 
  i think you 're probably wrong , to be honest , you do need to be there to an extent . 
  you probably ca n't afford to be the world 's hyperpower anymore , but the us will continue to need to be a superpower for the simple reason that china is looking quite grabby in the long term . 
  hey come on , no fair , some love to scotland please k ? 
  well , there is a 12 year old boy in the survey ... 
  o_o who dat ? 
  not gnats , highland midges !, 
  charming wee fuckers that they are . 
  aye , me too mate , me too . 
  we 'll drink those sausage eating , leather shorts wearing , peace loving sissies under the table . 
  hugely . 
  i want the eu to adopt hard power . 
  i think we 're classy in our execution of soft power and i 'd like to minimise the use of the stick . 
  but for instance i think with the recent troubles in north africa we should have been able to go into places on our own guarenteed of our success . 
  if we unified our military and germany stopped being so pussy footed about using military force then we could start acting like what we are . 
  junkie only really applies to heroin tbh . 
  i was n't too surprised about coke , it 's very commonly used in the uk now , due to cheapness . 
  mdma is just ecstasy , which is basically harmless and is used by looooaads of people . 
  i 'm not sure you quite understand how nuts scotland is . 
  you understand us men wear skirts right ? 
  in scottish weather , we wear skirts . 
  then there 's the fact that we eat our food out of a sheep 's stomach . 
  oh and the romans built two walls to keep us out of their poncy wee empire . 
  bring on your men in sexy leather shorts , i think we 've got this one , 
  agreed . 
  we have a few beauties out there , but the overall standard of this country is somewhere above the inside of an old man 's crotch . 
  yeah , but it 's ok , you guys are cute when you drink . 
  you 're all civilised and shit , and you add words like `` tops '' , `` lime '' and `` shandy '' to the end of the word `` lager '' . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kinsey_scale very few people are actually completely anything . 
  smoking weed does n't make someone a junkie . 
  i think germany just challenged the uk to a drinking contest , and i think the entire british team shall be scottish ... 
  of course certain things need to change . 
  we need to get used to the idea that we 're the eu , we 're not just small countries anymore . 
  we are a superpower in the making and we need to start acting like it . 
   directly investing to northern africa by the eu or member states is waste of money . 
  why do you think so ? 
  i think if we seriously started to develop a policy of growth based investment we could really do both regions a huge amount of good . 
  indeed so , there is * huge * growth potential in north africa . 
  a comparatively ( with other undeveloped/developing countries ) well educated population , with plenty of natural resources , right on our doorstep . 
  north africa and europe need to start developing a working relationship . 
  not only does this improve our security ( more wealth , more education = less nutters who want to kill us ) , but also helps solve illegal immigration ( same reason as before ) and improves the lives of 150 million africans , as well as making us all wealthier . 
  russia are large and powerful though , we need to be wary of them and their influence upon us . 
  it is not enough just to * hope * that the liberal european leaning middle classes in russia will take over somehow , we must act carefully and decisively in the meantime . 
  at some point the chinese may eat russia for breakfast , but until then they remain a powerful and fairly malignant entity . 
  the eu must gear up to defend against that presence , while expanding our influence in the middle east and north africa , and strengthening ourselves economically and militarily against threats from all angles . 
  let 's face it though , we 're still allies when it comes to it . 
  whether , as you argue it 's whiteness , or whether as i 'd argue it 's shared culture and values , the eu and us * are * both part of the same west , and it 's not like we 're going to be going to war with them any time soon . 
   we must also establish a common destiny with russia . 
  russia are a semi-hostile dictatorship . 
  we need to manage them from arms length , and wean ourselves off dependence on their natural resources . 
  realistically if we do that we begin to engineer a collapse in the russian economy , which is probably a requirement for political change . 
   no doubt about that tonnes of doubt about that actually . 
  you 're just spouting the same old semi-literate nonsense that every teenager does . 
  there are lots of reasons why the chinese economy may be peaking rather soon . 
  population , public health , politics , their economic base being only valid in the short term , their lack of serious r&d or high level services , demographic problems . 
  it 's not so much that we need to cooperate with russia , we need to contain and manage them . 
  i completely disagree . 
  i think the shared culture and history between the eu countries ( especially western eu ) and the us links us in a much stronger way than say , the eu and india , or the eu and vietnam . 
  the us deserves no special treatment i agree , but i think ( and hope ) when it comes down to it we 'd choose to stand with them over anyone else , and vice versa . 
  ourselves being europeans , 
  a very realistic look at the future of us . 
  we must forge our own future , take care of ourselves , and while we should remain friendly with the us and of course they will always be important , and i suspect if it comes to it in any global sense we will still stand by side , in this century the eu must learn to take care of itself in every way . 
   i absolutely think that sincere pursuit of truth should not be penalised , and neither should any verifiable argument ( the premises are accepted fact , the logic of the argument sound ) , however there is plenty of speech that has nothing to do with that ( see : leuchter report ) . 
  and who decides that ? 
  you ? 
  the government ? 
  china 's government decides that , they 'd claim they have the same level of freedom of expression as us no doubt . 
  as soon as you let people decide what is and is n't permissible , you lose freedom of speech - one should n't have to get the powers that be to agree something is a good topic of discussion in order to be able to discuss it without being jailed . 
   are you not also an eu citizen ? 
  i am , although clearly in the minority of people who support concepts such as freedom of speech . 
  i always knew that there were countries ( france , germany ) where freedom of speech was somewhat disliked , but i only recently realised how widespread the dislike of it is in the eu as a whole . 
   then i would explain i would oppose it on the practical grounds of it being true ( or at least on the grounds of it being a useful model of the solar system ) and not on the grounds of `` freedom of speech '' . 
  only via freedom of speech can we best make our way toward that which * is * true  although i 'm saddened that you have so little respect for freedom of speech , and if i 'm honest your position disgusts me somewhat , i am not surprised . 
  eu citizens seem to value freedom very very little , which , given what we 've been through in the last few centuries , seems very sad to me . 
  censorship is never positive , though . 
  to make it illegal to even * say * that , for e.g. , the holocaust did n't happen , removes the possibility of it having not happened . 
  it 's made into an illegal concept . 
  now , if it 's an illegal concept then it follows that recognition of the holocaust is essentially enshrined in law - yet this should not be .
