  fair enough , i 'm no historian just an interested amateur . 
  i was largely basing this opinion on that of niall ferguson , a british history professor at harvard , as expressed in his `` war of the world '' book , where he covers from about 1880 to 1945 . 
  i think telling this to people who do n't believe that they 'll `` ever be used '' is now pointless , they never seem to acknowledge it and they seem to always ignore the point even when it 's fully explained to them . 
  both ww1 and ww2 were prefaced by large groups of people who thought war impossible . 
  in fact prior to ww1 the stockmarkets were so entirely sure that war would n't happen that you saw large increases in intra-uk-de trading which , if they 'd believed war was a possibility , would have been the worst mistake to make . 
  the first 10 years of the 20th century played out a story of escalation where everyone thought that inspite of escalation , war was inevitably * not * going to occur . 
  exactly , but any time one raises these occurrences they think that you 're being a warmonger , because you 're so sure that this is * yet another * case of that , and they 're so sure that you 're wrong . 
  some people are very hard to shift . 
  except , there are clearly plenty of people for whom all of their experiences are bad , so ... again you 're making yourself look like a bit of an idiot by throwing around inflammatory terms without realising that for a great many people that * is * their experience . 
  positive experiences make you ignore negative ones ? 
  so , when people 's only experience of roma is as thieves and in beggar gangs in their home countries , is that something you would lump into the same category ? 
  i 'm not playing dumb , i 'm suggesting that by yourself being intolerant of the experiences and beliefs of others you do no good for yourself or for them . 
  bigot :  a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions . 
  sounds more like you than me , right now ... 
  umm , no , probably not . 
  are you suggesting most of / r/europe has n't met gypsies ? 
  because i think the overall opinion would indicate that they probably have . 
  yup , i 've also met american black guys who 've pulled themselves out of the ghetto , and quite a few `` ghetto '' black dudes who were pretty cool . 
  why do you feel that ? 
  because they 've met gypsies and you have n't ... 
  i disagree . 
  as european forces integrate more we need smaller militaries to focus on doing one thing and doing it well . 
  as it stands the dutch navy is excellent but where the netherlands really excel is an air force which punches significantly above its weight with well trained pilots and numerous well armed and modern fighter and support aircraft . 
  i would much rather see the netherlands continue its focus on air and sea warfare , leaving land warfare to other nations , rather than attempting to do all three poorly . 
  that 's pretty much how modern feminism works , yes . 
  well , are they ? 
  mmm , i could go either way with that . 
  attempting to classify everything neatly into one precise category is generally met with problems , and while you could argue for or against the concept of the us revolutionary war being a military victory or not ( i would argue it was ) i think to categorise that and the irish `` war of independence '' as similar is mistaken . 
  if the uk could have held onto the us colonies by force it may have been able to continue to hold them for generations , and in fact the us could conceivably be a part of the commonwealth a la canada is now . 
  however with ireland the issue was not one of `` can we win this and still have enough troops '' . 
  there was no doubt of course that the uk armed forces were capable of dealing with whatever would be required militarily , the issue was `` what do you do once you 've won the fight , and is the fight going to achieve anything for any of the parties involved ? '' . 
  honestly , there are actually people seriously questioning whether a standing army of 4 million men which had just won the first world war could have suppressed a poorly equipped rebellion by a force of 20,000 ? 
  exactly . 
  what became obvious was that the political situation was untenable . 
  ruling over a group of people who do n't want to be ruled over is expensive and often not worth the trouble , so it was sensible to release control over catholic ireland . 
  the idea that this was somehow forced by a military victory against the army is , well , delusional . 
  no-one lost , there was a ceasefire followed by a mutually agreed upon treaty . 
  either the pc-9 or fighters like the ww2 era p-51 could use air to air missiles if you installed the requisite avionics and control systems for them . 
  i have , and that definitely gives the pc-9 a range advantage over ww2 fighters , but in terms of speed , size , and surface ceiling , it 's comparable to ww2 fighters . 
  you 're not under the impression that that was in any way a military victory are you ? 
  the british army alone at that point in time numbered nearly 4 million men . 
  you could have near enough had a soldier for every man woman and child in ireland had it been desired . 
  definitely a political victory by the irish secessionists , but not a military one . 
  when was that ? 
  it 's all they have the money to be to be honest . 
  i guess at least they 're a capable police force instead of entirely pointless vanity project like many a small european military is . 
  the idea that they could provide any meaningful defence of the irish state is of course , ridiculous . 
  never had the cold ~ ~ dog food ~ ~ corn beef hash from the uk rat pack then have you ? 
  i recall many a soggy afternoon eating those and wondering what the fuck i was doing with my life . 
  * we * did n't overthrow gaddafi . 
  of course , why would n't it be ? 
  actually it does n't appear that that really applies , it 's not like aircraft like this had much advancing left to do after the war . 
  what to pick up some of that famous tranditional american food ? 
  as a foreigner who has spent a good amount of time in finland , this strikes me as being largely accurate satire . 
  dats some good shit !, 
  very well crafted satire . 
  indeed , they 're a very competent and capable police force . 
  that 's ok . 
  i 'm a font of useless information i am . 
  i 'm currently reading about platoon level mortar tactics . 
  earlier i was reading about seljuk architecture . 
  there 's not much that can be explained . 
  it 's a cartoon frog that / b / decided it liked , it 's posted a lot . 
  it 's called pepe and was originally drawn by a real life cartoonist but is now frequently altered by / b/tards and others . 
  it 's just a popular meme basically . 
  / r9k / ( the board for autistic wankstains ) has an ongoing thing about the `` pepe market '' ( a joke on the stockmarket ) but that 's not really something you 'll encounter in the normal world so do n't bother learning about it . 
  but yeah , basically , pepe is just a cartoon frog which / b / likes , and as a result normal people around the world are starting to post it more and more , because of course , all original and valuable content and originates on 4chan . 
  edit : if you 'd like some , i have about 1200 of them on my array . 
  [ okay . 
  thanks !, 
  how come it was largely bosnia alone that converted ? 
  i mean , the ottomans owned all of the balkans , basically , yet [ this map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/90/atlbalkrelig.jpg/300px-atlbalkrelig.jpg ) shows that clearly most of the people kept their historical religions . 
  how come albanians and bosnians converted to such an extent , but montenegrins and serbs did n't ? 
  interesting that they managed to convert a small percentage of the balkans on the west side but almost no-one else . 
  is you making a funny ? 
  how did an entire ethnicity of white muslims come about ? 
   joint strike fighter not to take away from your point , but the `` joint '' comes from the fact that it 's a joint service fighter , i.e. , for the three main us military services , not from the partner nation participation . 
  how can one thing be second place to the same thing ? 
  microsoft bought nokia ... 
  i 'm not sure how that made your roads shit , but it did . 
  who cares ? 
  this is the usual hollow threat from russia . 
  this is cool but not very accurate . 
  it does n't include manchester or edinburgh , both of which are in the top 100 european cities by population . 
  i got 50 % without help . 
  not particularly proud of my result . 
  russia is basically going through a far-rightist phase where it denounces the far right and nazis . 
  major identity crisis going on there . 
  we already have a lingua franca though , it 's english . 
  whatever his reasons were , it was wrong . 
  it was the british empire afterall , not the english . 
  india could n't really afford that i do n't think . 
  what china is doing is monstrously expensive . 
  indeed so , if the uk leaves then it leaves open the possibility that denmark and nl could follow , conceivably poland too if whatever setup the uk got afterwards seemed more appealing . 
  saudi has the third largest military budget in the world and almost no domestic military industry , there is no way the uk government will shit on bae by fucking that cashcow up . 
  the swedish government is surprisingly bullish given saab is in a fragile place these days . 
  i 'm a multiethnic kilt wearing fjord sailing bongo playing machine . 
  i said became . 
  your ancestors might have been irish but you 're ( probably ) not . 
  some of my ancestors were norwegian , but that does n't make mean i 'm norwegian , i 'm british .
