  it 's fucking pathetic and cowardly , just like sweden in ww2 . 
  edit : sorry , that 's a bit ranty , but , grumble grumble etc. 
  they spend less than 1.25 % of their gdp on their military but rather a lot on kit , no money left after , essentially . 
  basically , sweden has shiny toys , are too cheap to allocate money for them to be useful , so nato picks up the slack as usual with most of the non-nato european countries . 
  there 's no such thing as neutral if you 're in the eu . 
  huh , yes , * nato * responded . 
  pretty pisspoor that sweden is n't capable of launching a couple of fighters 24/7 , but i guess when you 've got the largest military alliance in the world helping you out for no good reason you do n't need to . 
  it 's kind of sad really imo . 
  i mean , to think that that 's the case is just ... deluded . 
  i kind of feel sorry that for so many french people language and culture are intimately tied together , so any encroachment upon the french language is felt as an encroachment upon the culture , and resisted so unnecessarily fiercely . 
  pretty sure all of the uk ones are , then again we only have about 13 of them . 
  the uk economy shrinking hurts us all . 
  you were a squaddie/officer and the thing that bothered you most was the way they ate ? 
  did you miss the part where the guy wildly swept left and right with the gpmg from the roof ? 
  dey turk our jeeeerrbs . 
  we speak english , but we 're not so different than say , the germans , or the danes . 
  popular support for the eu is low in many western eu nations right now . 
  we have ukip , but they wo n't get elected . 
  as for us being different from the rest of the eu , we 're not so different i assure you . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i find it astonishing that anyone in europe would view russia as a preferable ally to being a part of the european union . 
  astonishing and a little depressing . 
  very unlikely . 
  i think the first of those two quotes is probably accurate . 
  they 're really not ready yet . 
  just a quick point to make about german reunification . 
  a lot of europeans seem to hate thatcher for having opposed it , but the majority of western european leaders did too . 
  stop , you mean ? 
  we 're not going to let a russian vassal into the eu . 
  fucking serbia ... every time man ... every god damn time ... 
  sure , for the time being . 
  but every time this occurs that has to work 100 % , and it only has to not work once before universal armament will be with us in perpetuity . 
  right , sure , the fascists hate the police ... 
  the us is an anomaly though . 
  czech is a far more realistic comparison of what widespread concealed carry would be like in any other european country , since in cz it 's perfectly legal ( with a licence ) to carry pistols . 
  i 'm in the uk so obviously the police do n't routinely carry firearms . 
  that said , i have no issue seeing some doing so . 
  i 've travelled around a lot of countries and tbh while i 've never encountered police quite as friendly and easygoing as our lot , i 've never felt concerned or worried by the police carrying firearms . 
  i 'd have no problems with uk police officers routinely being armed with pistols , however i am happy that i live in a country where this simply is n't necessary at this point in time . 
  i do view it as somewhat of an inevitability that sooner or later police will get shot in the line of duty ( not that it has n't happened before ) and there 'll be a reactionary movement which will succeed in routine armament , but at least for the time being things are quite fine the way they are , and when it happens things will probably stay just fine . 
  i have a fair amount of confidence in the uk police of every force ( except for the met , although i think the average constable in that is just fine , it 's the higher ups who 're scum ) . 
   certain groups sad that we all know what this is a polite term for these days :(, 
  the church of sweden gets special rights in sweden ? 
  who ` da thunk it ? 
  yeah but why would politicians bother with that when they can just wait 'till the far right starts vandalising and bombing mosques and then complain about how evil and racist a portion of the country are ? 
  there 's actually a few different versions depending on what branch if islam is being followed . 
  but yeah we 've probably * all * heard at least once version . 
  hey fuck you , i did n't colonise anyone and i 'm british . 
  we 're as responsible for colonisation as they are for vikings raping people . 
  we need to get like the french and just tell people who want special laws for their regions to fuck off and deal with being in a secular country . 
  i 'd be happy to get rid of church bells too honestly , if that 's what it takes to get rid of the call to prayer . 
  s'not as if any of us signed up to live in bloody islamistan now is it ? 
  the teutonic order took and held much of the baltic in the 13th century , and prussia continued to have an influence for a long time after . 
  very little , to be honest . 
  small country , ex-germanic , lots of russians now , does n't really do much of note . 
  no offence intended , but , you asked . 
  damn ... that 's pretty terrible, 
  i was fairly sure there were still shitloads of mines in belgium . 
  the bottom line is many europeans ( and americans , i might add ) do not trust muslims . 
  i 'm not one of them ( got friends , yadayada ) but people see stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-22156243 ) coming up over and over again , there are a lot of people who 've grown up and are in their 20 's and 30 's whose primary experience of terrorism and extremism is categorically based on people who 're muslim - a lot of people now would really rather that muslims just drop their religion and become atheist like the rest of us are doing . 
  further to that , to say that lack of integration is a problem with those who 're already integrated seems a bit strange . 
  it 's not the job of those who 're integrated to integrate others . 
  that 'd be  picard.jpg , 
  could work . 
  i do n't know about anyone else , but i feel like the eu is at least culturally dividing very much into the romance language part and the germanic/slavic language ( + finland ) part . 
  in defence of many of them , that 's like saying how long does it take to go from london to paris . 
  it completely depends on the propulsion system . 
  edit : also , ye gods , german is somehow a seriously sexy language . 
  never heard of needing one in the uk . 
  a generation of indoctrination will quite possibly be enough . 
  the only hope any hkrs i know have for the place is that prc is gradually going to become democratic and so it 'll be saved that way - personally i do n't have much hope of prc going democratic anytime soon , but at least some of them do i suppose . 
   one million people emigrated from hk before the handover that stat is over a 15 year period . 
  bad for a city of about 7 million ? 
  sure , but it 's not as if they all jumped ship in one day . 
  the population as a whole fairly steadily increases . 
   have n't thought of that , but you 're probably right . 
  indeed , i 'm british so i 've always thought about it in a british context , but some friends who feel not really prcish , not british , but just hong kongese , seem to feel that would have been the best solution . 
  they really just mostly want the hk to be left alone to get along as it always has done . 
  the chinese will not leave it alone though in the long term i do n't think . 
   not to be that person i 'm not sure who that might be . 
   and could 've been kept . 
  yes , but it would have been a benefit to the uk at the expense of the hong kongese . 
   actually , i think it was a pretty good return deal , hk keeps most of its sovereignty and the only changes most people would notice was the disappearance of references to the crown and the queen , and of course green pillar boxes for mail instead of red . 
  it was n't bad , although a lot of hkrs i 've spoken to are now very pessimistic about the cities future . 
  the best thing for the city probably would have been city statehood a l\u00e1 singapore . 
  troll account is troll . 
  they did n't include spain 's little colony across the water in morocco either , curious that . 
  an island full of interbred mutineers who screw 12 year olds . 
  for the first time i almost want a place * not * to be a colony . 
  actually some of them do . 
  if you look up a list of the various colonies by gdp per capita you can pretty accurately gauge the demographics . 
  unfortunately with hk island only being 1/10th the total `` country '' and the chinese being so intent on getting it back , there was no real workable solution but to return the whole thing . 
  our major mistake was getting a 100 year loan and not perpetual ownership on the nts . 
  we have too many jets in europe . 
  instead of having three jets which do different things , we have three jets which do the same thing but to varying levels of performance - it 's silly !, 
  we just need to sort it out , let the french make the naval multirole fighter , the swedes make the lightweight fighter ( f-16 role ) and uk/ger/ita / make the heavyweight fa land based bird . 
  everyone gets their niche , everyone gets money , everyone happy . 
   lso `` integrate or leave '' ? 
  what we 're seeing today ( in the uk ) is children or grandchildren of immigrants `` turning back to their roots '' - they 're british citizens and they ca n't ( and should n't ) be deported . 
  i 'm not suggesting they should be deported , just that if you want to live in a place where bangladeshi or pakistani culture is found , then perhaps it should be done in bangladesh or pakistan ?
