  firstly , that 's not true , a great many europeans want some form of aid or support for the ukrainians ranging from about 40 % up to 60-70 % based on country , and secondly , not all of us are happy to sit by while a country is invaded and has its territory annexed , but i guess you 're happy to let other people suffer . 
  you got yours so fuck everyone else , right ? 
  does the average pole have any idea how incredibly offensive accusations of betrayal are given that we entered the war because of poland ? 
  as ipadalienblue said , it 's `` a brit '' or `` a british person '' , 
  find a russian oligarch who is n't immoral and i 'll find you a planet made of m&m s. 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/russian-sanctions-swift-banking-ban-ukraine-putin-2014-8 not looking very hard then are you ? 
   even if we do not sell it we will still be bashed about it , so why the hell bother . 
  no actually not giving the ships to the russians would be the one thing that would make people stop bashing france about and might actually force germany into the spotlight a bit too for their complete inaction over russia . 
  [ you were saying ... ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russian-sanctions-swift-banking-ban-ukraine-putin-2014-8 ), 
  possession is 9/10ths of the law . 
  just ask anyone in crimea . 
  not that i particularly like our abundance of russian oligarchs , but it seems like you 're pretty ignorant about the fact that the russians in london are largely * escaping * putin 's influence . 
  he has a habit of killing or jailing people he does n't like . 
  as are you ? 
  what do you expect me to make of `` said a british [ sic ] '' ? 
  nothing has been sold since march , and even then the sorts of things being exported were civilian hunting rifles . 
  edit : oh europe ... failing so hard ... 
  well , you have eyes , well done i guess . 
  i 'm not bashing the french so much as the french government . 
  is this good in isolation ? 
  yes it is . 
  does the cynic in me fully expect france to deliver those warships ? 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  as pointed out , they 've suspended delivery , not cancelled . 
  it 's outrageous that they 're even considering delivering those vessels to russia at this point . 
   should we talk about your russian oligarchs in london ? 
  you mean the ones that putin arrests and imprisons if they go back home ? 
   i agree it 's a shame but please , do n't act like you 're being the perfect guy . 
  we 're not the ones selling arms to the eu 's number one most hostile and dangerous neighbour . 
  most likely , france are being pretty clear in the fact that they do n't give a fuck about anything but their own interests here . 
  w0t ? 
  why ? 
  we have virtually identical greeting culture . 
  edit : bunch of homophobes !, 
  the us military is gigantic and at least an order of magnitude more capable than the russian one . 
  oh , i 've just built up an understanding over years from reading books , seeing what the russian state says , and also importantly , by witnessing what russians say themselves . 
  i 've also got the benefit of having a very close friend who 's fluent to native levels in russian so can translate and keep me to date in general . 
  in short : read a lot . 
  to understand russia it helps to read books on the history of the nation , from at least late tsarist times to modern times . 
  in some ways it 's a very simple , homogeneous nation and yet at the same time there are serious complexities that need to be understood . 
  i found that once i had an understanding of the mindset i could understand all actions much more easily . 
  by putting together what you see from russian media , from russian actions , from what russian people themselves will say , you can string together * their * narrative in your head , which unless you speak russian and have access to their news media ( and , really , a lack of access to ours ) you wo n't be able to access directly . 
  if you understand the world from another person 's eyes you can begin to understand why their beliefs and actions seem rational to them , or at least not completely insane . 
  so yeah , basically , read lots of history books and keep up to date via a variety of news sources . 
  sorry i ca n't recommend anything more specific then that but all of my russian history books are at my parents place and i ca n't really remember titles off the top of my head ( since all history books seem to be called `` history of x from 1xxx to 19xx '' . 
  that is pretty hilarious given that mail readers loathe `` benefit leeching scum '' . 
  there are lots of europeans who hate us , because just like our media loves to scapegoat the eu , the media across much of the rest of the eu loves to scapegoat the uk for scapegoating the eu or something . 
  it 's scapeception . 
  why ? 
  their media tells them constantly that the legitimate government in kiev was `` overthrown '' by a `` cia-backed coup '' and a fascist ( read nazi ) government was installed illegally . 
  * this evil fascist nazi government then went onto to declare war against it 's own people for the crime of being `` russian '' ( really just russian speaking ukrainian ) , drove heavy weapons to the east and began to murder russian `` protesters '' and civilians . 
  when these easterners armed themselves and began to defend themselves , the evil kievan nazis responded by hiring western mercenaries , trying to shoot down president putin 's plane ( but missing and hitting mh-17 ) and and by trying to kill as many civilians as possible . 
  * all the people in the east , and the russian `` volunteers '' ( which totally are n't from the russian military ) are doing is `` defending '' themselves against the `` aggression '' of the west . 
  that is to say in reality , the government of ukraine is asserting its sovereignty against an illegitimate and violent uprising in potentially separatist regions - and the russian way of viewing things is that anyone who stops you from doing what you want , even if what you want to do is illegal or immoral , is being aggressive towards you . 
  even if someone is simply defending themselves against you , that is aggression against you . 
  if you look to their counter-sanctions you see this . 
  while some nations would say `` we annexed territory from a neighbour and you sanctioned us , fair cop '' they respond angrily as if our sanctions against them are some egregious and unmerited act for which they 've done nothing to deserve , so feel they must respond tit for tat as if to validate this initial innocence . 
  hence your average russian views the west as the aggressor here for not letting a minority of easterners take up arms and secede ( in spite of them all supporting putin 10 years ago when he [ destroyed an entire city ] ( http://asg-ru.com/image/grozny5.jpg ) in the 2nd chechen war ) . 
  for them , the west and ukraine are in the wrong here , and because putin talks tough but appears not to be rushing into any aggressive actions against `` the aggressor '' ( us ) he 's doing an excellent job . 
  they pretty much view themselves , and by extention him , as a victim who is handling an unreasonable and expansionist western world with finesse and strength , which fits into the russian narrative very well as they 've been a powerful nation for the last few hundred years with the exception of after the collapse of the ussr where they were very very weak , and russians did not handle this well . 
  how 'd you figure that ? 
  got ta keep that finlandisation going !, 
  would n't want to upset the bully . 
  just keep placating them and maybe they 'll leave you alone !, 
  do n't suppose you could get annoyed enough to just shoot one down perchance ? 
  sink them all , targeted killing of smugglers on land . 
  create massive deaths and then advertise this across africa . 
  our version of a wall is not a pretty option . 
  edit : why are you morons downvoting this ? 
  we were asked what the eu version of the wall would be , and that 's it . 
  i was pretty fucking clear that it 's not something we 'd want to do . 
  keep it , what 's the point in cod when you do n't know how to do proper chips ? 
  hell , if we 're drinking more zubrowka then we 're gon na need more apple juice !, 
   no-one complained about help in libya , are you fucking kidding me ? 
  loads of people whine about libya , to this very day people rage about how libya is a mess and that 's 100 % due to the evil west bombing gaddafi 's forces . 
   few people comlpained about afghanistan . 
  again , also total nonsense , loads of people complain about afghan and have done for years now . 
  hah , us causing problems like the ukraine conflict ? 
  you 've been drinking the rt coolaid my friend . 
  yeah , i 've thought about it too . 
  get sick leave from job on `` depression '' then just fly off . 
  so far so good , no ? 
  the bottom line is , if it comes to absolute global insanity war , we all know that the anglos are going to support each other . 
  edit : because ultimately we 're all fairly confident that the world would be better off it we ran it . 
  we do n't all hate you guys  i do n't love everything your country does but i recognise that while you 're not on our team as such , you 're playing within the same framework at least . 
  they will be when ww3 breaks out . 
  at times i wish the yanks were n't around just because i 'm so bitter i 'd like to see the people who hate them hurt a bit but then i realise that 's a horrible childish position to take and i re-evaluate it . 
  everyone hates the americans when they do stuff and everyone hates the americans when they do n't . 
  poor bastards are in an impossible position . 
  badly :( there is basically next to no public belief that we should help . 
  almost all of the public think we should keep our nose well out of it because they 're all ignorant of the budapest memorandum , and even if they were n't they 're ultimately working along extremely selfish grounds . 
  it 's completely off the map . 
  a very small number of us who 're more aware of the wider situation and have some feeling ... we do not feel good about this . 
  i really feel as if my nation is doing something really really terrible here . 
  few , or `` a few '' ? 
  the uaf is still struggling , although there are plenty of militia forces now on the go which are pretty much funded by wealthy private individuals who do n't want to see ukraine completely fucked by the russians . 
   i do n't think any of the major european leaders are going to help ukraine if their citizens do n't show that this is something that they want . 
  agreed , although i share the pessimism that this * is n't * something most europeans want , which is deeply selfish and so uncaring , it makes me really sad , but i think it 's true . 
   we stood and died under the eu flag at maidan . 
  which is why i 'm ashamed .
