  it was a completely different scenario . 
  until the colonies ratified the us constitution and became us states , which is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  the newly born us states were under a fairly weak federal government , running the majority of their own affairs with a very gradual transition of power over to the federal government . 
   and you accuse me of being simplistic but you strip off myriad defining characteristics and focus on one commonality of increased federalism ? 
  i was simply making the comparison between the slow evolution of us federalism and what i view to be the impending slow growth of eu federalism . 
  that is all . 
  i was not saying we 're going to go west and hunt mexicans , or that we 're going to create little patches of land for all the amish . 
   even if it did make us powerful ; to what end ? 
  a military power ? 
  a political power ? 
  again ; for what ? 
  survival , supremacy , wealth , the ability to ensure fairness in the world and protect those who are wronged . 
   how seriously is anyone going to take a country when citizens ca n't even communicate with each other on the most basic level ? 
  you talking about china with it 's 7 different languages ? 
  51 % of the eu speaks english , that 's increasing fast . 
  in a generation or so everyone will speak english . 
   a country where there are massive division and bad blood , some of it very recent ? 
  here comes the us and their lovely civil war to dig me out of that one ...  no . 
  there is plenty of reason as to why not . 
  the eu is completely undemocratic . 
  it 's perfectly democratic , it 's just not a direct democracy . 
   i was n't consulted on the formation of the ec . 
  you mean the eec ? 
  there was a referendum in 1975 , 67 % voted in favour of staying in the european commuities . 
  since then , you influence the eu via your democratically elected politicians . 
  do you appoint the foreign secretary ? 
  no , of course you do n't . 
  i do n't hear people complaining that that 's horribly undemocratic . 
   in fact the only reason why it even exists is because the french public wasted the european constitution in a referendum and the lisbon treaty was the eurocrats ' workaround . 
  sound like a bona fide election right there . 
  win . 
  you do n't have to a vote on something directly for it to be democratic . 
  the eu * is * that though , you do n't want to be a member , vote ukip . 
  enough people vote , and happy days england can go off on its merry way . 
  our eu commissioner in brussels was chosen by uk politicians . 
  the eu parliament has direct elections which you vote in ( do n't you ? ) . 
  the eu council is just our heads of state or foreign secretaries , who again we voted for . 
  the council of the european union is formed on an ad-hoc basis by elected national ministers depending on topic finally the president of the commission is advocated for by the council ( member states ' head of state ) and voted for by the parliament ( directly elected ) . 
  van rompuy was elected by the eu council ( again , senior members of each member state 's national government ) the whole thing is perfectly democratic , and just because you 've failed to learn that does n't change it . 
   you 're ok with growth at any cost ? 
  regardless of the sustainability ? 
  basically you 'd be happy going from one bubble to the next until the entire thing implodes ? 
  of course not , but i 'll take growth with bumps over stagnation for a decade . 
  what we 're doing right now is perfectly sustainable , it 's just we 're getting poorer and poorer by the year . 
   a much better point , though for the eur and usd the main value lost was since 2008 and this is due to banking being an important part of our export wealth . 
  other costs hav risen for a multitude of reasons and yes there is some validity to your point here but simply borrowing money to build things is n't going to solve those issues . 
  as i say , stimulus appears to have worked for the us . 
  do they have much higher debt now ? 
  yes . 
  do they have reliable growth ? 
  it 's starting to seem like that me the case , yes . 
  stimulus does n't always work , but it seems like it can in select circumstances . 
   i agree , but simply spending more money when we ca n't afford it and hoping that we somehow manage to pay it all off in the future is fairy thinking . 
  why not encourage the government to buy euromillions tickets ? 
  you seen the odds on them things ? 
  look , we * know * we 're going to be able to pay off debt we take on . 
  it may take a few decades , but we need to get this economy back on the rails . 
  i 'm not sure whether i 'd support the idea of a few hundred billion injection of public funds into infrastructure and trade supporting projects is a good idea or not . 
  i 'm really undecided . 
  that said , while i 'm a patient man and did n't expect this recession to be over by 2009 like many brits did , and i 'm not prepared to write off austerity just yet , like most brits have - i do think that once * other * countries start to see recovery and you 're still in the shit , you have to start to question whether you 're on a path for long term stagnation or not . 
  their central government 's do n't have to allow for secession if they do n't want to . 
  there 's realistically very little chance of the majority of the indepdence movements around the eu gaining any serious traction any time soon . 
  as i said , there are only two serious ones , scotland and catalonia , and once scotland votes against independence i would n't be surprised if catalonia settles down a fair bit . 
   so , my country who actually had to ask for financial help ( contrary to spain ) is not very liked ? 
  not is ireland , and greece and what about italy ? 
  are we all disliked `` down '' here ? 
  because if it 's because we 're in the south , ireland it up north , are they disliked too ? 
  absolutely mate , there 's a fair bit of , perhaps not ill-will , but very much an attitude of `` seriously , we just bailed you out , you do n't get to be bitchy about stuff for a while '' up in the north ( excluding ireland of course ) . 
  not saying that 's how i feel , it 's not . 
  i 'm just saying that 's a common attitude up here . 
  that money came with a price , and part of that price is that there 's a good deal of resentment towards the countries which were bailed out . 
   i see . 
  you do n't know there are separatist movements in france too , or belgium , or finland , or germany , or even netherlands . 
  yeah buddy , you might have had a movie made for you cause , but make no mistake , you 're not alone !, 
  there are only two viable separatist movements in existence right now , scotland and catalonia . 
  the basque do n't stand a chance of their own chunk of france , belgium may * split * but that 's entirely different , i assume you refer to \u00c5land when you mention finland , but they 're good where they are . 
  they have their own weird little swedish finnish culture and that 's that . 
  germany ? 
  you mean bavaria ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  netherlands i could find a tiny frisian nationalist party , but nothing of any serious importance . 
  sure , you can look up a list on wikipedia of every country in the world and it 'll pretty much have a listed `` separatist '' movement , there must be dozens in the uk alone . 
  but no one mistakes the difference in seriousness between the wessex regionalist party and the snp . 
  edit : i should point out , i actually oppose scottish independence , but nevertheless the idea that if it happens in 2014 that the spanish will attempt to block accession to the eu is just laughable . 
  they would piss off a few hundred million people in a heartbeat , and find themselves very much out in the cold . 
   it is quite simply comparing apples and oranges . 
  no , i 'm sorry , it 's not at all . 
  it 's an apt comparison and the fact that you can find differences between the 13 colonies in the 18th century and the 27 countries of the 21st century eu does n't in any way invalidate the comparable nature of the gradual increase of federal power which the us underwent and which the eu has begun to experience . 
  i mean really , you act as if i said `` hurr durr the us did it eu is the same so it 'll be the same hurr durr '' - i did n't . 
  i made a specific comparison about one similarity , which can already be seen . 
  quite annoyed you had a go at that tbh , it 's either rude or simplistic . 
   but why ?? 
  we do n't need it at all . 
  if we can handle day-to-day domestic affairs why do we have to hand over day-to-day foreign affairs to some other institution ? 
  in international terms , power . 
  we lack it , by pooling together , we get more . 
  also the efficiency of having a single foreign policy , single military , and so forth . 
  very much a case of `` why not ? '', 
  as well . 
  i mean currently foreign affairs are run from somewhere about 600 miles from me , why do i care about another 150 miles ?
