  the man has a legitimate point . 
  romania and bulgaria are `` hugely corrupt '' countries ( to quote a romanian friend ) . 
  use your words , not your downboats !, 
   for as far as i care the eu should have consisted of france , germany , the benelux , scandinavia , the uk & ireland , spain , portugal and italy . 
  that could have been a proper powerhouse , not the rotten , sub-democratic , hollowed-out ideal it is now . 
  i think , if we 're honest , the idea behind expansion is that northern european cultural norms which make us successful will eventually , via social , monetary , and legislative pressure , become the norms of all the eu . 
  so right now say , romania , is corrupt , fairly weak , and backward . 
  the idea would be that by being in the family , they deal with their corruption , grow stronger , and advance . 
  it 's a new kind of empire . 
  i 'm not sure you understand me . 
  i 'm talking about taking money from people at gunpoint . 
  literally . 
  does n't matter where the fuck they 're from , they 'll give it . 
   who will do the confiscating of the cars and houses ? 
  and the attitude to the interest will be `` charge 100 % if you want because i 'm not going to pay it . '', 
  states have monopoly on force - this is part of the definition of a state . 
  all tax is collected with the threat of force , some with the use of it . 
  you might be right that the tax collection agencies do n't have the bottle to collect it . 
  the greeks may find that they either find the guts to do it , or engender an even greater risk of state-wide collapse . 
  does n't matter . 
  the individual may desire not to pay taxes , but the majority desire that the majority ( minus themselves ) pay taxes , and hence taxes can be collected with the use of force ( as per normal ) . 
   the same guys are in power . 
  the people that brought greece 173 % gdp ratio are still in power . 
  the exact same people . 
  so your first argument about replacement is well , untrue . 
  the mp 's are still in power , because they have n't come to the end of the term . 
  this is not contrary to democracy just because some ( or even most ) greeks do not like them this week . 
  as for the prime minister , he 's someone who 's worked in banking pretty much the entirety of his life , he 's not exactly a career politician is he now ? 
  i grant you that the president is a career politician who should probably be indited , but since his position is n't too much more than figurehead , this is n't something to much worry about in the scheme of things as they are right now . 
   the very same people once elected , had the country enter negations with imf . 
  any democratic system is based more or less on trust . 
  this trust is long gone , and any one with any democratic sensitivities should demand elections . 
  ok well in that case there 's no democracy in pretty much all of europe . 
  politicians do n't often keep even the majority of their promises . 
  welcome to representative democracy . 
   the greek prime minister is not `` selected '' by the president . 
  i did not say selected , i said appointed . 
  ordinarily as per majority of parliamentary seats . 
  papademos has majority parliamentary approval to lead , and hence the president has made a legitimate decision in `` choosing '' to appoint him as leader . 
  you assume me to be ignorant when in fact you are being naive . 
  the public have already consented in advance . 
  the country is in debt which has been accumulated over the last decade . 
  the public agreed to the terms whether they are aware of this fact or not . 
  this is the trouble of democracy . 
  did you actually finish my point , y' know , the stuff about there being corruption in greece which is `` huge '' ? 
  i 'm talking about tax evasion by the general populace . 
  no fucking shit they do n't want to pay their taxes . 
  no-one does . 
  as i said previously , greeks do n't need to want to pay their taxes , they just need to be made to . 
  start confiscating houses and cars and charging interest on unpaid tax at 25 % per annum and you could sort out greece 's tax problems within a decade or two . 
  i think the greeks would be going to train , oversee , and reform . 
  in essence , to give the greeks a more german tax system . 
  it could n't hurt , although the issue of corruption in greece needs to be seriously looked at , because it 's huge and no-one seems to be talking about it . 
  indeed , and they got them into 173 % of gdp debt , so now they 've been replaced by guys who 're going to try to get them out of that mess . 
  the prime minister is selected by the president . 
  the president is appointed by the parliament , and the parliament was elected by the greeks . 
  how is this undemocratic ? 
  the issue is that greek tax collectors are corrupt or incompetent . 
  german ones are not . 
  greeks do n't need to want to pay their taxes , they just need to be made to pay them . 
  the recession has been bad for unity . 
  lots of resentment on both sides of the north/south divide . 
  hopefully when we return to prosperity we can start to mend day to day relations so that our politicians can act for the interest of all , as opposed to acting against our own interests in order to please the xenophobes . 
  not sure why this is being downvoted . 
  it 's pretty much the case . 
  i love the current flag . 
  do n't understand why anyone would see the need to change it . 
  it just seems weird that we 'd have any other flag than the 12 stars . 
  i do know . 
  but it 's not even 1/10th of what it needs to be . 
  it 's clear at this point that we need an eu wide policy , enforced by an eu funded border force . 
  illegal immigrants often do n't stop in italy , progressing further north to other wealthy countries which are a soft touch on illegals . 
  instead of trying to stop people crossing from say , italy to france , or france to the uk as we do now , we need to ensure the integrity of our borders at the real border , which for half of the eu is the mediteranian . 
  if we pooled resources together instead of just relying on italy to take care of the problem , we could achieve a more effective and far fairer outcome i think . 
   would you like to be held accountable for every action your government takes ? 
  i am responsible . 
  1/60 ,000,000 of every mistaken death or tortured prisoner is on me , and i accept that . 
   point me to one really functioning democracy where stuff like that does n't happen all the time ; you 'll be hard-pressed to find one , let alone greece . 
  nordic countries . 
  they 're culpable because they have n't done anything about it . 
  they 're culpable because they kept on electing these men into office . 
  they 're culpable because they did n't have enough oversight and transparency in their government to even know what the guys at the top were doing for the last decade . 
  they choose to listen . 
  you ca n't claim the democracy is broken just because people do n't think what you think . 
  edit : so many downvotes , so few replies ... 
  no part of ?!? 
  have you heard of a thing called democracy ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the ordinary greek citizens invented the damn concept a few thousand years ago . 
  greece is a democracy - citizens share collective responsibility . 
  oh no , they were not put into your mouth , they were in my head , then in my fingers , and now they 're in the ether for all to read . 
  definitely not in your mouth . 
  but seriously , `` grab their helmets and break their neck . '', 
  you 're suggesting people should murder policemen without context , without knowing what 's going on , without knowing whether that mob had just set fire to a building , or had been peacefully protesting . 
  but yet , in the absence of all this information , you 're prepared enough to assume that they 're all completely innocent and to suggest that the policemen should be killed . 
  yeah , murder the police , get rid of the state , we 'll go back to a barter system and everything 'll be awesome !, 
  obviously . 
   without any of the culprits even being named the greek politicians and people are talked about on a daily basis   also : greece has stopped being a democracy by any stretch of the definition . 
  let 's face it , there 's been a coup d'etat . 
  is that so ? 
  i must have missed the announcement about free elections being suspended  why is it cool and good for people in , say , egypt to fight for their rights , even violently , whereas it 's no-no for greeks ?
