  you can be fairly certain he signed a legally binding oath not to reveal this stuff . 
  you can couch treason in whatever terms you want , it is what it is . 
  well from his perspective he 's screwed regardless . 
  i 'm not arguing the morality of the program here , i 'm arguing the morality of his actions , or rather the immorality of them . 
  he broke an oath , and committed treason . 
   yes , he committed treason , but what about his actions do you think were n't moral ? 
  he broke an oath which he made when he took on work related to the security services . 
   yes he broke the law , but it 's a moot point because we deserve to know . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree that we do or do not deserve to know . 
  it 's been widespread knowledge for anyone interested for years that this sort of thing has * almost definitely * been going on . 
  this pseudo confirmation is n't actually as big a deal as many have made it out to be . 
  essentially , governments are going to do this sort of thing . 
  i 'm not really sure what he was trying to achieve by releasing a name to the world . 
  there is absolutely no reason he would come to the uk , and we would automatically extradite him if he was insane enough to do so . 
  this is not an act which we 're doing to avoid him coming here , that 's not happening , this is an act of solidarity for yank because it 's essentially what you do for your close allies . 
  people love a rebel . 
  that does n't mean what they 're doing is wrong . 
  he worked for the cia , he disclosed a secret intelligence program the nsa ran . 
  he broke his oath , he went back on his word , and the man will sooner or later be found guilty of treason . 
  i 've met lots of people who find what we 've learned to be very interesting , but i ca n't say i 've yet met anyone but yourself who would say that snowden did the `` right '' thing . 
  i really want to laugh at him for this , because he looks awkward and stupid , and he 's putin so he 's basically a complete cunt , but i just ca n't . 
  the man is speaking english in a perfectly intelligible manner - i ca n't speak russian . 
  shit , i barely know their alphabet . 
  ca n't laugh at a dude for this . 
  right , yes , we 're the baddies ... 
  why 's that then ? 
  there is . 
  the reason is that they get their political opinions from the sun and the daily mail . 
  the uk is allied with the us in pretty much every conceivable way . 
  if you think this is anything more than a show of solidarity then you 're a fool . 
  no , it 's not , but well done for being ignorant and open about it . 
  it 's the ecthr . 
  nonsense . 
  you 're referring to the echr , which is n't actually anything to do with the eu , which i assume is what you meant by `` europe '' ( something we 're part of , as you hopefully have noticed ) . 
  we were cofounders of the echr , we signed up for it , and we can get out of it if we so wish , although it 's pretty bad for any 1st world nation to be withdrawing from a human rights convention . 
  i 'm telling you that their missiles are n't plagued by the reliability problems that the trident program has , yes . 
  believe it if you want , but you 'd be an idiot to think that just because america spends more money than anyone else means that all of its kit is better than anyone else 's kit . 
  i never had you down as an idiot shrimp , but you 're doing a rather convincing imitation of one at the moment . 
  i 'm sure you can see the absurdity of your above statement and that it was just a throwaway comment , but still . 
  s'actually true . 
  look into it . 
  the french slbm 's are considerably superior to trident , especially the warheads . 
  she should be collaborating with the french to make a joint european program . 
  if you want missiles you 're best off asking france , their ones work . 
   kurds who suffered saddam hussein chemical weapons attack want money there we go . 
  now it 's accurate . 
  not me mate , people hold grudges around this place . 
  ridiculously petty if you ask me . 
  are you a chemist by any chance ? 
  just going on the name . 
  perhaps in this one case ? 
  what about it ? 
  uk : lots of people seem to love to hate us . 
  we 're many . 
  twitter is for old people and those who do n't know how to use the internet - but somehow has convinced its subscribers that they 're young and hip because they 're twitting ( yes , insert irony there ) . 
  problem being that , at least in my field , hr do n't know what my skills mean . 
  they might have been given a checklist of skills which are required , but that 's it - if they knew enough to know what i 'm doing , they would n't be working in hr - but as a result , you get this absurd situation where you 're jumping through hoops for people who do n't understand what you do , so you get these arbitrary hoops to jump through which some hr moron has devised in order to make getting a job more about being able to please some other hr moron than actually being good at your trade/field . 
  yeah , but a lot of companies supposedly like it if you include keywords from the advert now , so it really is getting worse and worse . 
  i , too , use tables and my c.v. is moderately made of blocks which can be modified as required . 
  i just envy people from the 70 's where you had a single c.v. you just chucked into everyone you wanted to work for and hoped for an interview . 
  uk : stab stab stab rabble rabble rabble that 's it . 
  yeah , these days if you do n't customise your cv for every single application your chances go down . 
  so bloody tedious to rewrite your cv for every.single.bloody.application . 
  i was actually making a joke about 100k not being hot , but never mind ;(, 
  you 're obviously not from sweden ... 
  i fully support it . 
  general discontent , a lack of integration , a rift between the native inhabitants and those who live in `` the ghetto '' . 
  sorry i was n't particularly clear , i meant riots around continental europe . 
  being embarrassingly british there . 
   sure , but calling them `` savages '' , barbaric and whatnot . 
  dude they * are * . 
  they 're burning down their own neighbourhoods and attacking the police . 
  that 's savagery . 
   nope . 
  i do n't think it is ok to riot . 
  no matter what is happening to your quarter . 
  it will only make things worse . 
  i was n't meaning the rioters , i was meaning the people who express anger in threads like this one . 
  you have to allow for the fact that people are native swedes are going to be angry seeing a bunch of immigrants trying to attack their police forces and burning down neighbourhoods . 
  not all statements criticising those who are different than you are racist . 
  in general , i think there are a lot of very serious social , cultural , religious , and racial beliefs in europe at play , some of them acceptable , some of them unpalatable but fair , and some of them unacceptable - and it 's best to try and avoid labels and get to the root of issues and actually constructively solve them . 
  i also think you have to allow people their anger , their rage at seeing what 's happening in their country . 
   the shooting is n't the reason . 
  you understand this very well yourself . 
  you 're right . 
  the shooting is an excuse . 
  a shitty one . 
  you really should n't . 
  i 'm tired of seeing bullshit like this across europe . 
  order must be maintained , and i 'm tired of seeing police forces have to contain riots and violence and seeing images of decent generally poor people 's neighbourhoods being fucked up by teenage yobs who know nothing particularly bad is going to happen to them despite them setting up burning barricades , looting local shops , and destroying their neighbours cars . 
  i 'm all for engagement and community outreach * when * people are living socially in society . 
  when that breaks down and people start acting like this the state 's duty should be and in fact , is , to gradually increase the level of force exerted until peace is re-instated . 
  i 'm not suggesting the army just go in and shoot all these rioters execution style , but i am suggesting a continual escalation of force from the state which would , if the rioters failed to desist , end up in them being shot . 
   same thing in england recently and la now that i think of it . 
  i certainly hope not , the england riots were a bunch of poor people mass looting because some shitheel drug dealer got killed by the police when they stopped him . 
  he was armed at the time . 
  the riots in england were completely unjustifiable and if the met had n't been so fucked up at that point in time i 'm hoping they would have stamped down * much * harder . 
  that 's true , you do have quite an active far right in baguette-land . 
  i suppose it 's this faux social outrage `` how dare you enforce your laws upon us fuck you we 're going to riot '' approach which is quite unique to many north african , somalian , and middle eastern communities across europa . 
  assault rifles would appear to be a valid solution to this problem .
