  it 's so utterly irresponsible to claim that all the violence here was probably caused by government agents , without any evidence , when clearly violent far left groups do exist and are active . 
  seriously , it does the cause no favours . 
  yes , the us has a history of supporting far right groups and they supported operation gladio ( hardly the same thing ) , however $ 2m of damage is n't caused by a couple of cia supported far rightists . 
  they all remain physically male ( assuming that 's what they started off as ) . 
  agreed . 
  there appears to be no real evidence that the force is operating in greece , and slurs against their militaristic outward display show a lack of understanding of what gendarmerie are . 
  these guys were deployed to haiti for instance , in the wake of the earth quakes , in order to provide security in an environment most european police would just end up dead in . 
  a mob of 20,000 people should be able to restrain a couple of dozen guys in all black . 
  this is a big problem with the sorts of marches with black block and other violent anarchists/socialists/communists turn up to . 
  the message of the many is completely lost due to the violence of the few . 
  when the bbc shows pictures of a protest of say , 150,000 people , and every picture is just some guy in all black or with a bandana and hoody on , breaking stuff , or throwing a molotov , that 's what people recognise as the movement . 
  in short , they * have * to be stopped from infecting the message of any vaguely left wing protest with their violence , otherwise your average person at home is never going to listen , because what will be seen is lots of hooligans , not 150,000 legitimate protesters with genuine ideas and concerns , and 20 dicks in black with axe handles . 
  well , that 's definitional . 
  rioters are not peaceful . 
  the rioters are probably the same old anarchist and black bloc groups who show up to every vaguely left wing protest and ruin it by being extremely violent , but honestly i think the european leftist movements which protest have a responsibility to distance themselves from groups which riot like this ( and by that i mean , i do n't mean issue statements , i mean , physically restrain anyone committing crimes and call the police ) - since it does them no favours to be associated . 
  indeed , it is obviously green . 
  as for skimmed milk being red , that too is fucking obvious . 
  red is the colour of warning , and no-one wants red milk because red milk is watery nasty crap . 
  green is fine and acceptable , the safe option . 
  blue is just that because there 's no specific colour for awesome so you have to pick one randomly , and blue is n't taken . 
  i would argue that he was the prime mover . 
  without him , war may have happened during the dissolution of yugoslavia , but he was the primary and major cause of things going down the way they went down . 
  greece has agreed to pay this money to these banks , greece has to pay this money at an agreed upon rate , otherwise they break the law and will not be allowed to borrow money again , making things very very nasty for them . 
  hence we loan them money so they can pay their debt , and pay their state employees , because they ca n't afford to do either . 
  this is a bail out of greece , because we 're giving money to the greeks , and because without it , greece would be fucked . 
  i do n't think you 've understood me properly . 
  i acknowledge that atrocities were committed on most sides ( and there were many sides ) - but what i 'm saying is that if you look to the root of why most of the break up occurred as it did , it was due to milosevic seizing power in the serbian republic and then whipping up ethnic hatred . 
  it was not him alone that did bad things , far from it , but he had a profound impact upon the events in yugoslavia between 1989 and 1995 , and i ca n't think that anyone else could have acted in a such a way that would have brought around a less desirable outcome . 
  turkey 's entry is strongly opposed by sarkozy , they wo n't recognise one of the eu member states ( the main issue ) , and the vast majority of their country is n't in europe . 
  not to mention that they have n't reached the standard required in the majority of areas the eu requires . 
  i 'm not trying to imply that serbia will have an easy ride to get in , i would be surprised if it gets in before 2018 , or maybe even 2024 , but membership is a big thing , it 's quite a hard thing to gain , and it 's going to take time . 
  the benefits though , are probably worth it . 
   while maybe serbia deserves a little more or less blame than the others ( depending on which side you are on ) , this war had no clear aggressor and defender . 
  got ta disagree here . 
  the wars had a fairly clear aggressor . 
  what they also had was many sides doing things they should n't have done . 
  but the origin of pretty much the whole damn thing falls to milosevic, 
   it seems to me ordinary people across europe are starting to come over to the british position . 
  and the ruling classes are nigh on universally favouring the eu , even the tories now seem to support at least maintaining the status quo ( and they know full well that if they are n't reversing decisions , then our membership will be taken closer upon labour 's re-entry to office ) . 
  as for boq 's idea that britain can leave the eu , this is a possibility , although i 'd expect dissolution of the united kingdom within a decade . 
  i agree , this is a problem the slovakians will probably want to fix . 
  however for now it seems like somewhere in the region of at least a third of the country rather like mr. fico , we can but hope that support for him declines in the light of this childish political gaming . 
  other small countries in the eu have done far far more irritating actions , do n't worry , 
   but bailout of greece ( or any piigs country ) is really a bailout of the big banks no , it 's a bailout of greece , because the sovereign state of greece owes lots of money to various banks , countries , funds , and individuals , and that money has to be paid . 
  a country comprising of 1 % of the population of the eu suffering a `` political stunt '' which inhibits the progress of the entire union due to internal political games is * `` not a good thing '' * \u2122 . 
   i mean , who knows , maybe she really did conspire with russians to get herself some juice . 
  i know this probably wo n't mean much , but it 's very unlikely . 
  she 's the prot\u00e9g\u00e9 of a friend of mine 's grandfather , and me and my friend have discussed it enough that it seems to me very very unlikely that she would act in such a way . 
  a young inexperienced , and compliant , judge was selected to run this trial , and it was extremely politically motivated . 
  simply trying to get one of the parties out of the way . 
  this sort of thing could end badly though , as in , violently badly . 
   we are so poor , that we do n't expect much economically . 
  i can understand that , without meaning to sound condecending , it must be difficult to live in a generally wealthy region of the planet and to be barely earning more than the world gdp average per capita . 
   why do you think it is nuts ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  russians are cool people , mentality similar to ours and russia is a country full with resources . 
  neoliberal economic policies ruined a lot though , but still i do n't understand why it would be so nuts ? 
  well , because it seems very very unlikely you 'd maintain any sort of real independence for more than a few years if you voluntarily joined a union with russia . 
  russia is n't really a free country , is run mostly by ex-kgb members , is extremely cronyist , acts as a bully to almost every country it interacts with , and clearly putin has empire aspirations again . 
  i can understand giving up one 's indepdence to become part of something better , but russia is n't that . 
  serbian democracy might not be perfect , but it 's a hell of a lot more free than russia is . 
  i 'm sorry , are you saying that your group of `` real democracy '' friends were upvoting the anti-semitic crazy post , and openly wondering who downvoted the post ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i think that was probably not your intended message as it would be a strange admission , but it appears that is what you are saying . 
   huge instant downvoting to the troll his post was positively rated until a few hours ago , presumably after enough people read this thread . 
  i 'm not sure what false impression you 're accusing me of having created , but if you 'd be so kind as to be explicit that would be just delightful . 
  people would desire a union with russia ? 
  if that 's true , could you explain why ? 
  i understand that there 's always been a certain closeness between serbia and russia , which i can understand from a religion point of view , but is there more to it than this ? 
  desiring a union with russia seems , well , nuts . 
  you mean the one you 're sharing with the balkans and austria ? 
  i do n't see why it offers much of an advantage anyway , the majority of the eu is running on russian gas , which direction it comes through seems fairly moot other than in terms of marginal costs . 
   i know because i started the argument , said it to my friends and also posted it to the fb page real democracy ( the greek ) . 
  yes , i did notice the near instantaneous serial downvotes of my posts , even ones in which i would simply ask for clarification . 
  very beneficial for debate , and hilariously ironic from a group calling itself `` real democracy '' . 
  [ google public data explorer - imf sept 2011 dataset ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=k3s92bru78li6_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ggr_ngdp#ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ggr_ngdp&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country:gr:pl&amp;ifdim=country_group:parent:&amp;tstart=971132400000&amp;tend=1476054000000&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en ) i can apologise now for being a year behind on my poland/greece comparison , i had the timeline set a little big and must have misread . 
  my greece/eu comparison was correct , greece 's taxation is 4 % below the eu average . 
  you raise a valid point about the possibility of tax burden being higher on the individual than in other countries with equivalent taxation levels , however i still doubt this approaches say , denmark , which in total collects 53 % of gdp , with such taxes as a 180 % tax on registering a new car . 
  also ultimately , if personal tax burden is much higher in greece due to the church and businesses tax dodging , this is a problem for the greeks to sort out . 
  but yes , should have included the source . 
  do first time redditors really make 20 sockpuppets ? 
  ( i genuinely ca n't imagine so , but perhaps ... not really into socks , or puppets ) . 
   you want to snuff it out because it offends you . 
  my point is , that the op should grow a thicker skin , and just accept a bumpy ride - all he had to do was stop reading that guy 's post - because it 's the internet . 
  no no no , this is categorically not what i want . 
  trust me , my skin is plenty thick enough , and i do n't have an emotional objection to what he says ( no personal connection ) , simply a rational one . 
  yes , i could stop reading his posts , but on the probable assumption that this guy is from the eu , and that the people agreeing with him are from the eu , that implied that it was likely that a significant proportion of the members of the subreddit would actually concur with such a viewpoint ( i agree this * may * be due to thread age/sockpuppets , friends , etc. ) . 
  in that event , this needs to be talked about . 
  supression is absolutely the opposite of what i want , i just do n't see much point in arguing the matter with the author of that post himself because he seems , well , nuts . 
  what i did see a point in is gauging the wider response from / r/europe and if so , having a debate about what he said . 
  you seem to think you 're stimulating discussion by insulting the majority of the subscribers to this subreddit . 
  it 's unfortunate , it 's not necessary to stimulate discussion , and your attempt at shaming me ( and i suspect others ) does not work , rather i 'm inclined to reject your arguments more easily as those of a child . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is , you do n't need to insult me to have a conversation , you can just have the conversation . 
  insults do n't make me pay more attention , they make me pay less . 
  you appear to have misunderstood my intention by interpreting my post , it would seem , as a call for censorship or perhaps an appeal to greater authority . 
  this was not my aim . 
  my issue here was not that someone made a rambling , barely coherent post which included anti-semitism and what can only be interpreted as a slur against homosexuals , my issue was that `` the herd '' as you so charitably termed it , seemed to agree . 
  i 'm not asking for that to be fixed , i 'm just drawing attention to it , as discussion ( by the more rational members of / r/europe ) probably ca n't hurt . 
   you do n't have to like it , but you do n't have to run to the herd to do your fighting for you - argue with the guy yourself . 
  it 's not about that , honestly i considered to respond at length to him ( which i did to a great many other posts in that thread ) and decided that it probably was n't worth it . 
  my purpose in posting this was n't to find those who would consider it worthwhile , but just to express disbelief/disgust that someone saying such things could be seemingly so well received .
