  at the point of that photo , they 're economic illegal immigrants . 
  romania is n't some war torn shit hole , it 's just a shit hole . 
  success is n't just about short term gain always . 
  a wise man does n't sell the keys for the chicken coop to a fox and call that `` success '' . 
  * `` refugees '' *, 
  i 'm sorry to say that i believe it may be failing you . 
  my point , was that to say that the right coming to power for `` the wrong reasons '' would n't really be such `` wrong '' reasons if the left is , as a group , behaving irrationally and not facing reality . 
  i never said the left was being irrational , i just said that if they were , then that would seem like a good reason for the right to be voted in . 
  explain what ? 
  they are pretty well funded , my uni was the 20th best for my course in the uk , so nothing special , but the department still had laboratory equipment worth many many millions of quid , and i was in a proper research lab for my 4th year . 
  how do they get so entitled ? 
  surely they ca n't have this level of entitlement back in places like ghana ? 
  yup . 
  you alienate the general public for too long and they vote for people who promise them everything they want and more . 
  nah , it 's a box innit . 
  if it 's because the left are being intensely irrational , is there much less of a `` wrong reason '' for them to do so ? 
  shut up checkslovakara . 
  the medja tells him we 're evil and always disagreeing ( let 's ignore the danes , the dutch , the nordics , let 's just ignore all other northern countries which ever disagree with anything the eu does ) - the uk is plainly evil and hates the eu despite implementing everything they say we must , contributing huge amounts of money , and being productive members of it . 
  uuuh ... no thanks . 
  why settle for less than 10/10 ? 
  it 's not about room , that 's not what people are crying out about . 
  ticks are very dangerous , if you get bitten you can get lyme disease and basically be fucked for life if you 're not aware of the symptoms and do n't get the antibiotics to deal with it pronto . 
  i once got a tick bite while training with the ta , thing turned into a [ nice big bullseye ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/lyme-disease/publishingimages/lyme_disease_300x174_c0031417.jpg ) on my leg a few days later and thankfully i was aware what that meant , so got myself to the doc . 
  of course she was like `` you 'll be fine '' but i pressed the issue like a motherfucker and she gave me the antibiotics required and now i 'm not a totally destroyed human being . 
  ticks are dangerous little cunts . 
  luddites , luddites everywhere . 
  just what we need in europe at this point . 
  as if the hundreds of thousands of boat people were n't enough , now we have random roma doing shit like this to remind us why we should be so fond of foreigners . 
  who cares ? 
  what 's wrong with someone having an interest in immigration ? 
  we have our upvotes and downvotes , we can keep this stuff at the top if we want to , and get rid of it if we want to . 
  y' all are n't editors . 
  a state which wo n't defend you is n't on your side , so you may as well take up arms yourself . 
  wrong sub dude ... 
   so you want to visit france ? 
  to be fair mate i 've travelled a lot in my life , and i 've never been in a lift that beeped at me . 
  does n't everyone speak english now ? 
  i was saying this years ago before people were even talking about hipsters ... 
  yeah , they do n't seem to rob people so much outside of london in the uk , but the women are all over the place begging ( and i dare say the men are probably engaged in some money making enterprise also ... ) . 
  i live in a northern uk city , if you saw a begger a few years back he 'd be from the city , now half of them are roma . 
  plenty of robbers and child begging ( / slavery ) gangs in london though . 
  about time we started taking their kids off them really . 
  both of those things are very low in the uk . 
  it 's ok , it 'll all be over soon ... 
  right , we made them feel bad for some murdering the jews ( and others ) , that 's true . 
  the problem is , europe needs germany to have a strong military . 
  urbanitas as fuck my friend , urbanitas as fuck . 
  oh , i was n't meaning to imply that all of / r/uk are proper lefties . 
  i hang about there and i 'm centre right afterall . 
  i mean i 'm a minority , but not quite the only one . 
  why i mea n't both of course , good sir !, 
  spurius ... *, 
   and while the german military probably isnt there yet as of 12 months ago : 40 % of soldiers too fat to do their jobs , only 1/10 heavy transport choppers actually ready for safe front line use , fewer than half of the transall transport planes considered to be fully functional and safe for use , maybe 10 % of the eurofighters in the luftwaffe considered fully operational , about 15 % of the nh-90 medium transport choppers usable . 
  i mean , this is not a well looked after military ready for action , this a military which is limping along on what it can , with many personnel , many politicians , and scarily some in the command structure who simply are n't taking their roles seriously , with some nice figures on paper and the reality being that the most populous nation in our union , the economic giant amonst us , is actually capable of putting into action the sort of forces you 'd expect from a wealthy country 1/4 the size . 
  i 'd say that the german armed forces ca n't do what they 're supposed to do , although i think honestly that most germans would prefer that their military do nothing , so perhaps it 's doing precisely what it 's people want . 
   russia could n't even handle poland , with the number of troops moscow could deploy in eastern europe . 
  it 's not all about numbers , an experienced , well trained military force can defeat a much larger force if they actually have equipment that works and good training . 
  40 % of german soldiers are too fat to even do their jobs properly . 
  that website is terrible and its military information almost all useless . 
  some nations have huge numbers of ancient aircraft , other nations have small numbers of cutting edge aircraft . 
  you need to know a fair amount about combat vehicles to know how to compare them . 
  for instance , portugal has 33 f-16 's , and poland has about 45 f-16 's , so they 're fairly close in capabilities right ? 
  except no , they 're nowhere near each other because the portugese ones are the earliest varients ( f-16a ) made back in the late '70s / early 80 's as cheap , basic , light weight , short range , day fighter aircraft . 
  the polish are using f-16c / d block 52 + , which were delivered in 2006 and are far more advanced , with improved engines , airframe design and materials , avionics , weapons capabilities , and are high performance 4th generation multi-role fighters . 
  so , yeah , just do n't even bother using a website like that , tbh , if you do n't know what you 're looking for it 's just giving you useless/wrong information . 
  [ thank you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrnfhfyf6eu ), 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  dank you :0, 
   thats just dumb populism , lets get some arguments . 
  aww come on , dumb populism is the most fun variety !, 
   poland might spend a greater percentage , but their total budget is still less than a quarter of the german military budget . 
  effort counts in alliances . 
   russia doesnt even have a budget that can match france + germany russia could steamroll the german armed forces , and the french would have a tough time defending germany without the help of the uk too , if the yankees were n't involved . 
   at the end of the day we can deal with russia whenever we feel like it it 's not nearly so comfortable as you seem to assume it is . 
  the major european powers would have a hell of a fight on our hands to combat russia in all out conventional war , without us help . 
  what does 7/7 have to do with military preparedness , captain broomstick ? 
  never said it was , it 'd have to be evaluated on a case by case basis . 
  poland . 
   it is not to show but to be effective in first place . 
  your point is vacuous . 
  no nation has the perfect military , there will always be a nation which can entirely destroy your nation which you can not properly defend against , if that nation has the desire to do so and the might to go along with that desire . 
   present your counter opinion and back it with logic . 
  find it above ... 
  even the muricans are right sometimes . 
   no i point that using per nation statistic to say something about need of protection of selected nations is completely useless . 
  i was n't saying anything about requirement of protection , but about ability to do so and the effort shown towards doing so . 
   as for austria . 
  read few books about modern tactics , supply lines types of defense and so on . 
  you will understand just how important is placement , environment , topology in modern war . 
  no amount of tanks will help you in mountain warfare . 
  no amount of troops will suffice if you ca n't protect your supply lines ( which would be hard in austria considering its topology ) and so on . 
  oh so now you 've totally changed subject to go from missile defence to land defence eh ? 
   saying poland has rather average number of planes does n't speak anything about its protection needs . 
  those average amount of planes simply may be to small number to defend nation considering urbanization type depending on topology . 
  i think you think you 're making a far more interesting and cogent point than you actually are . 
  the only thing you 've said which is actually quite sensible is :  poland , spain , greece . 
  each of those nations have entirely different needs and amount of military it needs to use to protect itself against their adversaries and their % of gdp should be handled by those measures and not by some artificial line over xx amount of nations . 
  but i would have never disagreed with that in the first place had you simply said that . 
  agreed .
