  neither was wales , arguably neither was scotland , and frankly ireland was made part of england after england was conquered by normans , so let 's just absolve everyone of responsibility yeah ? 
  lots of irish people took part in the empire with gusto , not one or two , but hundreds of thousands or millions , building it , colonising it , fighting for it , and dying for it . 
  america brings peace to the world just by having a very large stick and it being clear that they 're willing to use it . 
  the world would be nowhere near as peaceful as it is today if the us navy did n't have floating airstrips popping up all over the world . 
  well , you kinda fucked yourselves up in the civil war , lots of the old `` he looks a bit red , string him up and rape his wife '' shit going on between the whites and the stinky commies . 
   most irish are painfully aware of our history , it did n't involve colonising or oppressing other countries though ... 
  except it did , because ireland was part of the uk and the uk engaged in colonialism on the largest scale of all time . 
  did n't have a choice in what ? 
  wow , that 's amazingly racist though is n't it ? . 
  not * real * irishmen because they do n't fit the ethnic classification . 
  i mean i 'm sure you 'll agree with the basic assertion that ireland was part of england , or the uk , in some form or another for basically 1000 years , and people were moving between them that whole time . 
  the plantations were 400 years ago , 200 years later the descendants of those still have n't attained `` irishness '' because they 're not gaels ? 
  madness , i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
  course you were , one of the most famous and greatest british people from the 19th century is the duke of wellington , and he was born on your island , not my one . 
  loads of awesome people from the british empire came from ireland , and loads of settlers to the colonies too . 
  you lot ai n't innocent ireland , you were part of team empire . 
  berry funy . 
  ah but you 're not . 
  you think what matters is that i have n't convinced you , but i do n't care about convincing you . 
  i care whether we can fight a war if we need to . 
   the press says something different  okay , i do n't care , i 'm not `` suggesting '' something , i 'm stating fact . 
   well , the only two serious problems we have is a lack of manpower and an incompetent minister of defence . 
  well , nothing works , i 'd say that 's a pretty serious problem . 
  half your fighter jets are n't ready for use , i mean , there 's a very very serious issue in readiness , or indeed the lack thereof . 
  mmm , lots of french culture left in america now . 
  not sure we can call any continent with france on it superior ... 
  that 's a few type 45 's which have a design issue which we 're actually fixing . 
  the german ~ ~ military ~ ~ social welfare program is not exactly fixing it 's many , many issues any time soon . 
  i guess my post was n't dripping quite enough there . 
  * 1 ) high price of oil * 2 ) low deficit of 10 % * 3 ) low reliance on oil i figured three blatantly ridiculous statements would be enough to negate the need for an / s tag , 
  good for them !, 
  with the historic high price of oil , scotland 's low deficit of just 10 % , and our low reliance on oil in our economy we most certainly should n't be welcoming any new areas of industry if there 's every a trillionth of a percent of risk that the regulation we ourselves craft might not be up to scratch . 
   if i were to say that i disagree with the govornments stance on immigration and think we should accept fewer refugees is that blockable ? 
  serve you right for being a far-right racist would n't it ? 
  that 's not moonspeak it 's old-polish !, 
  u wot ? 
  why are you speaking moonspeak ? 
  its cos you do n't know what you 're talking about mate . 
  the missile shield does nothing to russia 's nuclear capability to end any country or the world if it pleases . 
  it does have plenty of use against ballistic missile attacks from other nations which have small stockpiles of non nuclear mrbms and srbms though . 
  my girlfriend is spanish . 
  got both . 
  the travellers ( caravans illegally occupying public land ) are generally irish/scots travellers . 
  the unkempt ladies with scarves on their heads begging and stealing on the streets are roma . 
  yeah , that 's very true , most people think roma = romania . 
  the roma beggers and thieves which fill the streets of my city could be from a number of cities , not just romania . 
  it does n't really matter , the point is that it 's not like 2/3 of people from romania are gypsies , and any romanian she 's likely to meet here in the uk is n't likely to be a gypsy since gypsies do n't interact in our society ( in the general case ) . 
  it 's interesting , my girlfriend the other day mentioned that romanians are `` mostly gypsies '' ( meaning mostly roma ) . 
  that is presumably quite a common impression of romania . 
  of course the roma only compose a very small percentage ( less than 2-3 % ) in romania , but the reputation persists . 
  perhaps in the uk it 's made worse by the high visibility of roma , and of the many ne'er do wells who 're assumed to be gypsies but * are * romanian . 
  y' all have a bad rep though that 's for sure . 
  you 're right , it 's not . 
  who should i blame ? 
  my teachers ? 
  my yoda ? 
  my long lost cousin from alabama who swore he never did it but we * all * know he was there and he had cake on his beard so how could he * not * have done it ? 
  guess they should be giving spain back to the moors then eh ? 
  well , what else is the irish navy going to do but stuff like this ? 
  it 's not as it 's sending destroyers to reinforce a cbg in the med . 
  nowt wrong with doing stuff like this , someone needs to do it and it 's good the republic contributes to european patrols , something many other european nations do n't really bother with . 
   i 'm sorry for having an opinion good . 
  you should be . 
  * pm advised to ignore online tabloid by illiterate internet forum user * - tomorrow 's indy headline, 
  the irish navy is a coast guard in all but name , they 're well suited to help out with this sort of thing and they do n't have a lot else going on . 
  lulz . 
  we both know that `` belgium '' is n't a country . 
  your military clearly cares enough to make incursions into gib waters on the regular to wind up the locals . 
  except the spanish lawfully ceded the rock to the uk in 1713 . 
  it 's ours , by historical mutual agreement . 
  europeans mostly i think . 
   the odd turkish migrant . 
  people are worried about mass immigration , 300,000 people a year ( net ) coming into the country , loss of culture , loss of one 's home to outsiders . 
  leaving the eu is n't going to stop the sort of immigration that most of them care about and it 's not going to fix any of the issues related to immigration * however * it 's disingenuous to characterise the mass immigration people are concerned about as `` the odd turkish migrant '' i think  we do n't have to agree with a position to take a sympathetic approach towards the people that hold it . 
  the was a big one a while before as well , one of the nations involved had a tough time because they had lands all over the place to protect . 
  after the war was won they tried to get some of the rich slaver landowers in those lands to pay some extra money to cover the bill but they would n't pay and broke off . 
  we had another little war about it and all . 
  to then extent the language allows you to be . 
   i could bet it 's roughly the same amount of people that use `` f ** k '' as punctuation , mind you . 
  quite possibly , yes . 
   poland is not a country of uncivilized barbarians , and teenagers are a thing in every country , y' know . 
  stop being so defensive friend , none of this was an attack on poland . 
  i leave that to the russians . 
  huh ? 
  i definitely learned the word kurwa from hearing poles speaking rather than the internet . 
  are you polish ? 
  if so , you must be aware of how many young people use the word like punctuation . 
  british in my case , i 'm north of the wall . 
  i 'm pretty much north of all the walls actually . 
  if i was any further north i 'd be in the viking south !, 
  possible , but i do n't know how to swear in the language of every foreigner who sets foot in the uk . 
  i would n't think it 's something to be sensitive about . 
  it 's an undefined group of people being invoked specifically for it 's non-specificity and used to malign those the poster does n't like . 
  i mean ... i guess i 'm saying `` who cares '' ? 
  i was mostly just making a joke about how poles use it so much that it 's now an english word also , since about 1/60 people in the uk are polish and poles appear to have a tendency to speak a little more loudly than people from the uk . 
  all thought is social !, 
  practically an english word now too !, 
  i 'm on the political right ( sort of ) and i think trying to make out that half of the population of anywhere follows any particular course of action is not realistic . 
  let 's be careful not to attempt to distil complex things into simple things . 
  some things are just complex .
