  never the dangerous , never the physically demanding . 
  equality of outcomes is a terrible idea in the first place , but if feminists are going to push for it in banking and business then i demand it 's pushed for in every sector , in fact , why not just make 50 % of jobs for women and 50 % for men in every single sector and sort the issue out once and for all , eh ? 
  ah yes , we must fight for gender inequality in the well paid jobs , but not in the manual labour or other dangerous positions . 
  colour me surprised . 
  full scottish when time allows . 
  normally just two slices of toast . 
  today ? 
  a slice of bread and 30mg of codeine . 
  meh , perhaps , depending on your measures . 
  10.3 % , vs. 8.2 % in the us and 9.4 % in india . 
  still the eu has by a considerable quantity the largest economy in the world . 
  edit : oh wait i 'm in / r/europe so you 're trolling . 
  fuck it , we 're done . 
   it is this kind of mentality which has killed millions of jobs in the eu . 
  wot ? 
   the nanny state is alive and well but your job market is not . 
  right , we sure are struggling with the largest economy in the world . 
  how ever will we survive ? 
  not that i 'm especially enthusiastic about the fact , but yes , it is . 
  political progress is only one variety , and not the best kind in my mind . 
  i 'd far rather people kept politics ticking over while scientific and tech progress steams onwards to solve all of humanities problems . 
  i 'm not sure i fly fully under any one banner , i have libertarian leanings to an extent , but realise that the randian dream is as unrealistic as the marxist one . 
  i view taxation as theft but recognise the state makes life vastly more convenient and enjoyable . 
  who knows eh ? 
  supposedly nothing that 's ever been implemented has been communism , and that trend will continue , i believe , 
   what is your ideal then ? 
  some other form of anarchism , or are you just evil ? 
  consensual interaction between individuals . 
   do you believe this hypothetical theoretical pipe-dream true communism is a higher form of civilization ? 
  i do n't actually , no . 
   the biggest challenge to communism is everyone having been convinced that communism is impossible , that oppression is just a fact of life that we must accept . 
  this is such a common claim . 
  my rebuttal is that communists say we can have people with good nature , who share and who do labour equally according to ability and so forth . 
  i say , if this is the case , let 's see this before we try something which has resulted in the deaths of over 100,000,000 people in the last century once more , lets see the changed humans and the good nature and the difference in humanity * before * we try a system again which depends on it , and goes horribly wrong without it . 
   i would argue that communism falls under anarchism . 
  that is , if you are talking about a classless , stateless society and not some misnomer . 
  i could argue that libertarianism falls under anarchism but they do n't like that either for the most part . 
  lets just not appropriate terms that other groups feel is their sole term when we 've already got one for for the things we 're talking about , aye ? 
   it is best to allow the democratic system to decide who gets power ? 
  good question . 
  on the one hand i could invoke godwin to make a point . 
  on the other , should consensus morality be accepted as valid even when ethically it is wrong under any given system ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i mean , the majority of people in the uk support hanging , does that make it something we should bring back ? 
  to imply that consensus morality is acceptable is to imply that cultural morality is acceptable , which to me seems kind of ridiculous and negates the very idea of morality as it stands , so i suppose , in short : no . 
  i do not think all systems are valid , even if they are chosen democratically . 
  that said i would n't ban communism ( or fascism ) in our society , because i tend to believe that liberalism to the maximum extent possible is always a good thing . 
  you ask me any ideology based on the idea of no ownership of the products of ones own labour * is * necessarily bad . 
  ok mate whatever , i really ca n't be bothered with this argument today . 
  it 's been done to death and i 'm tired of the no true scotsman evidence ignoring and refusal to even countenance flaws in the ideology . 
   a classless , stateless society is not anarchist ? 
  depends on the type of anarchist you refer to , but overall communism is n't , i 'd argue . 
  if you want to have that out go to / r/anarchism though , i 'm sure you 'll have been having it all explained . 
  sorry , not sure i get what you 're stabbing at there , 
   it 's so ridiculous and unworkable huh ? 
  yes . 
   next you 're going to be yapping on about `` human nature '' . 
  sure , why not . 
  the ideology is n't fit for the species . 
  what of it ? 
   because any foreign idea is just ... just ... just impossible !, 
  sarcasm the best you can do ? 
  * this * idea is unworkable , that 's all . 
   as i said : not with that attitude . 
  my attitude is irrelevant , the nature of human beings is what 's important , and we are inherently deceitful , greedy , and lazy . 
  communism as a system does not adequately account for these moral shortcomings and so will fail upon each attempt at application to provide an optimum living experience . 
   communism is anarchism btw . 
  both groups contain people who 'll try to appropriate the others term , but the teachings of proudhon and marxism are quite distinct . 
  the point is that there have been attempts at formation of communist states , and all have failed miserably . 
  lenin was following marx 's teachings . 
  the basic concept is ridiculous , it 's as obviously as unworkable as any hardcore libertarianism or most forms of anarchism i 've read of . 
  no society has ( or will ) ever lived under theoretical communism . 
  plenty of societies have lived under * real * communism . 
  british army of the rhine remnants , left over from the cold war where the battles could have started in hours . 
  oh come now , the daily mail caters to old racists , their opinion is only relevant because the old vote , not because it 's culturally or socially valuable . 
  still , they 're responsible to the governer and most of them are loyal to the state not the feds . 
  lets face it , the us could probably get rid of its main armed forces and they 'd still have a half million force of highly equipped well trained soliders just from the states . 
  the usng is stronger than most militaries in the world , which is incredible , given that the us military is countless times stronger and bigger . 
  national guard 's are huge though , when i was playing around with the army a few years back my ssgt told me that the texas ang had more combat birds than the raf . 
  the uk ? 
  how many times can you move 5 miles in any one direction without having been there before ? 
  that 's how many accents we have in the uk . 
  point , true enough . 
  i always forget about k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  i was meaning st. petes though . 
  i 'm sure finland would quite like that ... edit : for some more info , a lot of air pollution from germany ends up floating north towards denmark , sweden , and finland . 
  poland contributes too , as although they have a much smaller economy and produce less , they 're more heavily reliant on coal . 
  certainly the central european behemoths cause a lot of pollution issues for the nordic countries though . 
  in fairness though , in terms of the baltic sea pollution issue , there 's one country alone which is leagues ahead of any other in terms of aquatic pollution , and they only have one city on it , but ... still . 
  [ rive gauche pour homme ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/saint-laurent-gauche-toilette-spray/dp/b000c1w71m ) do n't give a flying fuck if other people like it ( which most seem to ) - that stuff is like catnip to me . 
  i do n't , i like to think i have an acceptable grasp of at least the basics of polish history , but it 's just after communism it seemed fairly drab and kind of focussed on y' know , having bread and shit , and now it 's just become so vibrant and * cool * again that i 'm super happy . 
  poland is awesome . 
  gone from being `` oh shit those poor polish people are coming '' to becoming a future-powerhouse with a serious cultural contribution to european culture and filled with people who integrate and get along pretty damn great wherever they go . 
  seriously poland , massive kudos !, 
   the uk bought into the austerity lie and as a result managed to get itself in a recession even though it 's not in the euro and was free to devaluate . 
  oh nonsense , the uk has n't even started austerity yet . 
  spending is still several percent of gdp above what it was in 07 , and is higher than it has been between 1994 and 2007 at any point . 
  yes , there was a massive stimulus in 2009 , but to end stimulus is not austerity , despite the way the left loves to paint any numbers as a massive evil cut . 
  we also have massively devalued , the pound being worth 10 % less than it was now than in 2006 . 
  do some learning before discussion mate ,
