   in the end , however , i think it does come down to `` let 's agree that humans should have this as a right . '', 
  from your stance yes , if you do not believe in/refuse to engage in natural rights , then all you 're really left with is `` would n't it be nice if everyone could have x '' , to which i can simply retort `` yes , but xyz '' instead of needing to defeat a rights based argument , which is considerably harder . 
  i suppose my point here is that that rights tend to be treated as inviolable . 
  now while i 'm not attacking you for this , you 've conflated legal and natural rights , and legal rights have the strange quality of being inviolable for the short period that that law exists in history . 
  so while natural rights convey some sort of really unmoving justification for a something , a justification which is deeper and sounder than any law ever could be , legal rights are by their nature flimsy and liable to alteration , and so to argue something is a `` right '' but to mean legal right is to not say more than `` would n't it be nice if x '' , which is not really the definition of `` rights '' most would agree on , i think . 
  by the way , i tagged you as `` worth talking to '' , because you put some thought in there , which is always a pleasant surprise . 
  are you serious ? 
  really ? 
   is n't this how human rights work ? 
  they generally need to be grounded in some sort of reason besides '' ` cos i say so '' . 
   agreement on and codification by treaties of moral ideas ? 
  you 're yet to demonstrate any moral grounding in your claim that water is a human right though . 
   as for positive rights , are n't there positive human rights already ? 
  that depends , are there laws which mandate some ? 
  yes certainly . 
  are they moral ? 
  much bigger question . 
  i tend to deal in morality , not in questions of law , since the law is never perfect and obviously brutally wrong . 
   like the duty to ensure a fair trial ( which forces the state to provide you wiht legal counsel ) it actually does n't . 
  fairness does n't necessitate a lawyer , just that your evidence be treated equally to the prosecutions . 
   provide free elementary education etc. 
  ( all of which could be somehow construed to infringe on other rights . ), 
  of course it does indeed . 
  as i said , some positive rights already exist in law , that does n't mean they are justifiable morally , or that that means any and all positive rights should be accepted without argument . 
   however , if we have to choose between the two , or prioritise one over the other - then water is the first choice . 
  so essentially you 're saying it should be a human right because you 're choosing it to be that way ? 
  or because people need water ? 
   i do n't know much about philosophy so if you could explain what a positive human right is to me then maybe i could frame my answer in a more satisfactory way and try to explain the derivation of the right as i see it . 
  negative rights are rights which involve others * not * being allowed to do stuff to you . 
  i have the right to not be murdered . 
  i have the right not to be falsely imprisoned . 
  i have the right not to be detained unlawfully . 
  these rights are negative rights . 
  they do n't involve anyone being forced to take actions on my behalf , they just force others not to take some actions which conflict with my rights . 
  positive rights force others to do things for people . 
  so for example with your positive right to water , that forces others to provide water at their own expense for those who have or can not do it for themselves , because it gives them this `` right '' to have that thing . 
  wikipedia puts it well : * `` according to this view , positive rights permit or oblige action , whereas negative rights permit or oblige inaction . 
  '' * so to contrast two versions of the same thing . 
  i view the `` right to life '' as a right not to have life taken from you , where-as the positive view of a right to life would be that one has the right to have ones life maintained by others , others are obliged to feed , cloth , shelter you , etc. 
  now i can derive negative rights from a simple deontological framework , but positive rights to me some oxymoronic almost , since they inevitably conflict with the rights of others . 
  so you say that water is a human right and not only do i say `` where does that right stem from , where is it to be found , how is it to be reasoned ? 
  '' , but i also would claim that if i am by another 's rights forced to provide them with water if they do not do so themselves , then my own rights are being impinged upon . 
  for that reason i 'd reject the assessment that water is a human right . 
  it is not my duty to keep others alive . 
  i 'll ignore the prisoner point if you do n't mind , as the idea of state denial of freedom is a very complicated thing to chuck into the mix . 
   i do think access to ( reasonable quantities of reasonably clean ) water is a human right . 
  are you saying people have a right to access water , or that people have a right not to be denied access to water ? 
  these are different things . 
  if it 's the former , could you explain where you think that right stems from please ? 
  you 'd think between the ecowas countries they could get a division together and just go in and defeat the rebels . 
  there 's also the fact that the sort of people who post comments on presstv websites might be a little more insane than usual . 
  i hate to agree with the comments in the video , but they are kind of right . 
  it 's ridiculous that freedom of expression is being restricted over something so petty as presstv , and we really * do n't * have real freedom of expression here . 
  then again , neither do iranians , not by a long shot . 
  have to disagree with the idea of all positive human rights to be honest . 
  i ca n't see where they would stem from philosophically , and unless anyone can actually come up with a good explanation , then it 's really just applying the emotionally charged term `` human right '' to something that people desire all to have . 
  true , i suppose i should have added the caveat that i meant on an properly international basis , since those three countries are all essentially in our back garden . 
  well , i suppose it was only a matter of time before the euro started getting used like the usd , as a currency for countries that do n't really want to have their own currency . 
  i 'm surprised anyone is moving toward it this decade given the problems behind the euro , but given that in the long term it was inevitable , it 's more a surprise due to timeframe , than the occurrence of it all . 
  varies by country . 
  for a good part of 2000-2010 there were relatively few controls on immigration within many eu countries , and it 's only in the last few years in the uk that we 've actually stopped accepting so many unskilled labourers . 
  would make sense , we always loved the belgies for some reason . 
  probably waffles . 
  unwisely controlled immigration , obviously . 
  indeed . 
  estimates vary , although normally it 's only muslims who pull out the 2.1 bn number - most places will go with the 1.5-1 .7 bn number , and so that 's what i go with , 
  good for you !, 
  about time we started exporting our good food . 
  they call them lots of things depending on location . 
  i was referring to them as fries because they 're those nasty little thin cut things that yanks sent around the world with macdonalds , and the french or belgies invented . 
  proper chips are fat chunks of potato , and so far i 've only really ever encountered them in good ol' blighty . 
  they 're talking about getting 1/3 muslims in the uk . 
  you can discount the idea right now , it 's not happening . 
  europeans do n't have chips generally , in most places it 's fries . 
  chips are awesome though , and brits love them because they are awesome and tasty . 
  that 's nowhere near true , despite being quoted by most muslims you 'll meet . 
  the number is at most 1.7 billion , and is more likely a few hundred million lower . 
  not in the slightest . 
  i 'm scottish and i 'm on the fence with regards to independence , i do n't think it would be terrible if it does or does n't happen either way . 
  i just object to / r/europe being filled to the brim with stories about catalonia by someone who wants to push their cause . 
  i never said the usa had goodness , i said that in this case there is no evidence of what you have suggested . 
  you have provided none , so i shall conclude that by taking no side i am in the stronger position at this time . 
  lack of belief in something does not constitute belief that something is n't the case . 
  me saying i do n't believe in god is n't the same as me saying god does n't exist , but you 're making the same equivocation here . 
  you 're wrong . 
  i keep an open mind . 
  you ** could ** be correct , but there 's absolutely no evidence for your opinion right now , so it 's blind prejudiced faith and nothing more . 
  it 's all completely conjecture , it 's unproven speculation based on your prejudices . 
  you believe with no evidence . 
  you are irrational it would seem . 
  turkey 's partially european , and is a possible future eu member ... 
  omg god stuff 's happening in the middle east so amerika amirite ? 
  i was looking into the , unfortunately it only comes on vodafone , so i 'd have to pay to have it unlocked . 
  is the dual core one you refer to an upgraded ascend , or something different ? 
  i was hoping to pick up a # 100 phone for ages now . 
  the blade/san fran was perfect , but then a few others have come out since , the blade is quite old now , and i was n't sure if there was something better or not yet . 
  probably get a tesco value one for about # 3 , if one found oneself in the unlikely position of not having a kettle , that is . 
  is the blade ii not out a while ago ? 
  i find most people quite touchy toward swears . 
  in scotland it 's very hard to offend someone with swears , they 've lost basically all of their shock value , i still find sometimes people from england ( or especially the states ) getting somewhat shocked at a bit of the old shitfuckcuntery .
