  greece is really a law abiding paradise and no greek person has ever done anything bad ever . 
  that 's an incredibly vapid thing to say . 
  why would i call her corrupt for following the convention in place since the 1960 's ? 
  if you do n't like it then attack it and lobby for its change . 
  i think lagarde or dsk are probably nowhere near as corrupt as many greek politicians have been over the last 20 years . 
   the statement was made to seem that the greek suffering is not as bad as africa oh ... it 's not though . 
  when society is already at a point where people are getting locked up for writing an ill considered 140 character sentence , i 'm quite happy going with a `` muh freedoms '' approach for a little while . 
  well you know they do say third time lucky , maybe you 'll a funny one if you try once more . 
  right so basically you 're advocating for at least the possibility of increased censorship . 
  too much freedom is a terrible thing eh ? 
  argentina are stupid though so it 's fine . 
  genuinely though , the uk is perhaps among the worse countries for this but lots of people are getting fined and going to jail these days for saying things which , essentially , are a bit frowned upon . 
  australia is n't a colony , and he 's as australian as he is british . 
  ooh look at you missing a point very deftly . 
  well done . 
  we tried but the un keeps telling us to `` give them back '' . 
  the uk is certainly getting worse , more and more arrests for stuff like saying something stupid on twitter . 
  well you 're no fun . 
  right , absolutely . 
  defaulting was n't a viable option , if it had been then most of europe would probably have left the greeks to hang out to dry , but it was n't a good option so europe saved the greek economy by injecting about $ 1500 per person in greece into their nation . 
  the fact that it was saved does not mean that europeans are feeling compassionate or sorry for the greeks , it means that it was considered an imperative . 
  it 's getting worse matey . 
  where do you come from then ? 
  like , slavs come from up where the bears are and muslims normally come from down where the camels live . 
  how does that get combined historically speaking ? 
  except the greek people live in a democratic nation and a considerable part of their issue has been electing shitty leaders and widespread tax evasion . 
  so like , what is albania anyway ? 
  are you guys kebabs or muslim slavs or what ? 
  confuses me man . 
  go to a public place and say something racist and you 'll be arrested across much of europe . 
   this provked anger because many people at the time and still are struggling with poverty due to austerity and this made it seem like she could not care less about their suffering it 's quite clear from the statement that she 's not saying she does n't care , she 's saying she feels more sorry for nations which did n't have a very large part in totally buttfucking their budget for decades . 
  well , sure , you 're free to think that , but she 's going along with a 50 year convention on the application of diplomatic taxes , so it 's not like she 's some evil tax evader . 
  meme perhaps ? 
  i 'm aware of this , it still does n't explain what our hellenic friend up above meant by his two words . 
  you 'd think so , but freedom of expression is slowly being obliterated across much of europe . 
  greece had several options . 
  the most prominent two were to either default and accept a lifestyle in accordance with a then shitty debt rating and an entirely broken country , or to accept an imf/eu loan and accept all of the conditions that accompany that , because the imf and the eu have been successfully doing the economy thing for quite some time , and greece as a nation has been quite ridiculously failing for quite some . 
  there was a choice though , and one ca n't pretend otherwise . 
  taking that choice probably would have taken their quality of life down to bulgarian or even turkish standards , but hey , recessions are shitty and no-one paying taxes for a decade makes it shittier . 
  that was a choice , and for everyone who complains and moans and bitches about the imf loans , that was the alternative . 
  be poor as shit for a very , very long time . 
  the other choice was simply to take a loan and follow conditions of the loan , just like pretty much any person , group , company , organisation , or nation does every time they borrow money . 
  unfortunately for those of you who have chosen to remain outside the 500 million man hugfest , increasingly when people say `` europe '' they mean `` the eu '' . 
  that 'll be the dumbest thing i 'll read today . 
   should n't be constantly meddling in national elections by spending each and every day openly threatening financial ruin to the country if they do n't go the way the imf wants them to . 
  why not ? 
  the imf needs to get its money back and it wants nations it lends to to make that money , which requires that they follow sensible if often unpopular measures . 
  politicians in nations like greece find it extremely easy to blame actions on the imf , and it 's true that some of them would n't have been implemented without the imf taking a hard line , but sometimes unpopular things are necessary . 
   in reality , the imf and the world bank are just fronts for the more powerful western nations ( especially germany in this context ) to extract resources from debtor nations for their private sectors . 
  germany has a mere 6 % of the voting rights in the imf , and the only reason they have that 6 % is because germany pours lots of money into the imf . 
  6 % is hardly total control now , is it ? 
  the imf exists to maintain financial stability by providing medium term loans to nations who require them , that 's what it does , nothing more or less sinister then that . 
  the world bank is a very different organisation to the imf and you can generally spot people who 're fairly ignorant about what both of the io 's do by observing who lumps them together and who does n't . 
  well , nations can always just not ask the imf for a loan . 
  the article quite clearly explains why that 's the case and that the vienna convention exempts a wide range of people from paying it . 
  greeks * should * pay their taxes . 
  no indeed not . 
  you just responded to my posts in such a way as to make me think perhaps you were . 
  are you autistic ? 
  extremely well for a very long time . 
  right on man , 9/11 never happened . 
  7/7 was an illuminati fake, 
  probably since forever for you as it appears you are n't very good at understanding percentages . 
  the main people to suffer from these sanctions are going to be russians . 
  right , so it 's 45 % smaller and so not really of a similar size in any way . 
  perhaps it could be the flag of the european empire ? 
  we could take over the world and set it to rights . 
  the thing about people is that a lot of us are really really really stupid . 
  birmingham does not have a population of 5.3 million people . 
  you think i 'm gullible , i think you 're absurd . 
  guess we 're done . 
   as part of a foreign anti-european alliance ? 
  u w0t m8 ? 
  anti european ? 
  the uk is part of europe , and the five eyes have supported europe in pretty much every issue since ww2 . 
  if you think america is working to destroy europe you 're a bit doolally . 
   at least not enough to drag it into conflicts like iraq , libya . 
  uh ... britain and france lead the way on libya . 
  the fact that you do n't know that is making me suspicious of the value of anything else you say . 
   the bundeswehr is far more aligned to the un absolutely . 
  the bundeswehr , just like the un , does a very large amount of nothing . 
   there is a handful of reasony why i do n't want britain have influence on a unified european military . 
  gchq working for the nsa/cia , british intelligence spying on eu officials , people apparently tend to be too much influenced by populistic parties etc. 
  gchq working `` for '' the nsa ? 
  what are you smoking chappy ? 
  the five eyes work together because we have a track record of about a century of not going batshit insane . 
   british intelligence spying on eu officials as i said , if you do n't think german spies are spying on everyone they can you 're naive . 
   people apparently tend to be too much influenced by populistic parties etc. 
  ah so is this just going to turn into you having an anti-british circlejerk ? 
  the german population are no doubt much better than that , of a higher quality you might say ? 
   britain ca n't just sit in it 's corner , refusing to play by eu rules oh blah blah blah , here we hear the same old tired tropes that populist media on the continent spews out . 
  we play by the rules - but unlike every other country which gets to say `` hold on a minute , we do n't think x is a good idea '' - if the uk ever says that we 're accused of not playing by the rules and of only having one foot in the door . 
  the only way some people would be happy would be if the uk just said `` yes '' to everything and that 's absurd . 
   only want 's eu 's advantages without taking more responsibility and then get the command over the unified eu military just as a payoff . 
  well , we 're one of the only two nations providing a credible defence to the union , i 'd say that 's hardly an advantage in that we spend huge sums of money each year to maintain that defence . 
   but if the uk gouvernment is constantly moaning about gypsies without bringing concrete solutions oh man , seriously ? 
  firstly , our government does n't say jack shit about gypsies because they 're scared shitless of being accused of racism , and secondly , have you looked over the fucking border at france where they just bulldoze gypsy camps ? 
  the uk is paradise for gypsies compared with most continental european countries . 
   and supporting the us at things like ttip , there is no way we pay the uk to stay . 
  ttip was proposed by the eu .
