   not surprisingly , it 's doing worse of all . 
  not surprising ? 
  where did you get your economics doctorate from then ? 
   really ? 
  the austerity that all government heads keep repeating we need , is a big lie by the government ? 
  you are not even european , are you ? 
  what an utterly douchy thing to say . 
  i 'm european , but it 's true that there are quite a few countries who 've put in place cuts to * growth * of spending but not to spending , and combined with the numerous eu nations stimuli packages , spending has indeed significantly with regards to pre-recession years in many states . 
  also , fwiw , total government spending is 94 billion eur , with a deficit of 9 billion eur , about 10 % . 
  this is at the same 2006 levels of spending it could n't afford in the first place . 
  same old same old with greece . 
  combine a nation which wants to live beyond its means with crippling debt from having done so and you get a shitty situation . 
  scientology is not a religion though , it 's a cult . 
  i 'm not holier than thou , as i said , i eat animals also . 
  mmm , i too make use of sentient creatures for the purposes of my own enjoyment . 
  your standard chicken also lives a fairly terrible life . 
  that said , they do n't have their gullets forced open and food poured down . 
  ah yes but it 's not drowning in olive oil and sat on a stove for 16 hours , so what are you doing enjoying it ? 
  i 've eaten similar , my father was never one for giving a shit about these sorts of things . 
  but most would avoid on grounds of cruelty though , which seems quite justified to me . 
  you had not even encountered this ? 
  wow . 
  i know plenty of people who will not eat the stuff , and my friends are n't exactly all animal rights activists and greenpeace hippies . 
  - it 's generally looked on with disapproval by many , along the lines of veal . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  there 's growing disapproval of foi\u00e9 gras in the uk and northern countries ( or at least that 's my impression ) due to the methods required for it 's production . 
  take it there 's not much of an opposition to that in spain going on ? 
  do most people in england really treat the issue in such a simple manner ? 
  just honestly put . 
  i would n't want anyone to think that barsoap is speaking corretly , he/she is not . 
  there 's a woeful ignorance about how run down our militaries are becoming , and about our absolute lack of ability to defend the eu in any serious non-nuke sense . 
   disarmed europe '' ? 
  the eu is about en par with the us when it comes to military strength . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  the eu has nowhere near the effective power of the us . 
  not even remotely close . 
   not to mention that the european armies provide more bang for the buck , anyway . 
  again , complete nonsense . 
  we 're far less efficient than the us military due to the fact that we 've got 27 separate militaries . 
  where do you get this rubbish from ? 
  finnish or german . 
  finnish flows wonderfully , and it 's like a romance language of southern europe in its speed and yet the words are much more elegant . 
  totally understandable why tolkien based his languages of the elves on finnish . 
  german because it 's just fun to say the words . 
  i mean , `` krankenvagon '' ? 
  seriously , frickin ' awesome !, 
  probably not worth arguing with a protectionist , they never seem to get the basis of a free market . 
  it is necessary . 
  there are lots of people who want into the eu for purely economic reasons who do not benefit us ( like , all africans ) . 
  it is necessary to sort between those who will face persecution , who we are bound by law to help , and those who just want a better life . 
  that costs more money and takes more time , so , no . 
  well done yank , you 've done yourself proud !, 
  and yet , despite being habitually drunk and living in a place too inhospitable for the vikings , most of us can still spell `` you 're '' correctly :p, 
  wales . 
  also england and northern ireland . 
  that is all . 
  indeed , only about 0.4 % of the uk gdp , but it would be a valuable part of any scottish economy , given that we 'd be tiny economically . 
  edit : not sure why i 'm saying we , i 'm maintaining that i 'm british regardless of what happens . 
  i 'm talking about greece being butthurt about macedonia calling themselves macedonia . 
  it 's childish . 
  i understand the border thing in the balkans , although this `` we are the whitest '' `` defenders of christendom '' middle aged racist horse shit needs to stop . 
  seriously , it 's like the countries are mostly populated by fucking 1920 's shitheads . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  it makes bugger all difference to greece if macedonia calls itself that , it does no harm . 
  as neoliberal said , the balkans needs to grow the fuck up , but in this issue , greece does also . 
  the whisky industry is n't entirely insignificant - it accounts for several percent of our economic output , and as our economy is a diverse one , any component which makes it over about 1 % in contribution terms is fairly important . 
  yes very funny etc. 
  i was being serious though , it 's not just a few million to get solar power for europe as a decent part of our energy mix , it really is hundreds of billions we 're talking about here . 
  people seem to perceive solar as `` about '' equal in cost , but that 's just not true yet . 
   the millions of euros hundreds of billions . 
  it would also increase everyone 's energy bill . 
  solar power is n't yet at grid parity . 
  there 's a reason africa is n't plastered in solar cells yet , and that reason is simply that solar energy costs more than traditional kinds of energy . 
  germany pays a few cents per kwh more than the uk does for this simple reason . 
  give us 10-20 years and we 'll hit grid parity , but not today . 
  performance ratio of 0.75 ? 
  that made me lol . 
  current comercial solar panels are still attempting to hit the 20 % peak , the most super expensive ones which will never be in home use which we stick on interplanetary satellites are only around 40 % efficient . 
  in short , the numbers on the rhs of that list are nonsense . 
   if you ca n't handle that you lose a majority vote we can . 
  show me where this has not been the case ? 
   and have to have opt outs for everything you do n't like . 
  we have opt outs for what , working time directive and now the tories are trying to get one for some uk meat regulations . 
  does this really bother you so much ? 
  it does n't even affect you ...  i wish that you could see the benefits to whole eu instead of selfishly looking only after your small island . 
  you really are quite a cunt . 
  i do see the benefits of the eu , but that does n't mean that i have to accept the entire thing without argument or debate . 
  you 're not talking about acceptance of decisions here , you 're talking about just blindly going along with whatever is suggested . 
  it 's written into the constitution and into many a law that countries can opt out of specific things , we use this ability some time . 
  if the eu did n't want countries to have the ability to opt out of certain specific pieces of legislation then it should n't have , as not just a majority but unanimously , signed into law legislation which allowed this . 
  the uk acts in perfect accordance with the laws and regulations of the eu , and in certain situations in a manner perfectly within its rights as laid out by commonly agreed upon eu law chooses to opt out of certain regulations . 
  if you have a problem with this , take it up with your mep , because it 's more their fault than mine . 
   what i 'm saying however . 
  uk seems to think that it is indespensible and are telling the rest of the eu how it should be run . 
  nonsense . 
   people tend to listen to other persons who have achieved something and is leading by example . 
  uk in the state as it is now should stop complaining and maybe draw some conclusions from how it has handled its own economy . 
  what you mean our massive aaa rated economy ? 
   that is how it is right know and we can all agree that germany has taken a lead here . 
  germany has the largest economy and population .
