   allowing troops to be garrisoned in what was considered an easy posting for the german soldier was n't very neutral . 
  and this please . 
  are you ? 
  ( i wish there was a smiley for a raised eyebrow ) are you thinking of norway perhaps ? 
  sweden * did * breach its neutrality at times , in both directions depending on which way the wind was blowing ( neutrality quite arguably being the swedish term for cowardice ) - but they were nominally neutral , were in neither the axis nor the alliance , and did not have war waged upon them by either side , albeit at the cost of military access multiple times . 
  they were not occupied , willingly or otherwise . 
   i 'm slandering the french because they were willingly occupied . 
  much like sweden . 
  sweden was neutral and was n't touched during ww2 . 
  2-4 % is 2-4 % , no matter how many or few christians there are . 
   coke has crazy amounts of sugar , making strain to the liver . 
  what ? 
  is that an actual legitimate medical thing ? 
  you forgot to add `` whole '' and `` all natural '' and `` locally '' - fuckwits use those words a lot when talking about food . 
   what other culture glorifies capitalism , consumerism and decadence like that ? 
  loads of them , the americans are just more successful at it than other countries, 
   securing food production has n't been an issue since the 1950 's it 's always an issue . 
  the uk only produces 60 % of what we eat , for instance - where that other 40 % of our food requirement comes from is and always will be an important matter . 
  a chemical is a chemical , whether it 's from a plant or from a lab , 
  about the same as speak german , worldwide , actually - although i do agree that in parts of eastern europe a slavic language may be more helpful than german or english . 
  oh absolutely , they do have some accents which are terribly hard to understand . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's ability to adapt and assimilate and change as a result is it 's very basis , and the reason it will continue to be the language of the world . 
  english has long since ceased being the language of the english . 
  it now belongs to the world , and will change as the world wants it to . 
   edit : however , to turn the coin here , how good are the english in a foreign language ? 
  british , if you please . 
  there are 9 million of us who are british but not english  but yes , we are terrible at foreign languages . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i would far rather have been born into a country where the language you speak is only spoken by a few million people , and you learn as a matter of course 2-3 other languages growing up , than to be born into the uk , where we realistically know that we have little * need * for other languages , and so put in the bare minimum of effort into learning other languages . 
  the best i , and most other middle class brits get to , is conversational french for a few years before you lose it , and german to a low level . 
  i envy the nordics dearly . 
  france and the uk are very similar nations , as much as we dislike admitting that fact . 
  we 're both proud , with impressive histories and rich culture . 
  that either one of us is , as such , taking the lead in any aspect of culture is hard for the other to take . 
  my hope is that once this becomes accepted that the issue can begin to no longer concern anyone , and that we can just get on with being awesome . 
  so , not many folk ? 
  true , but we ruled the planet , and a few brits still think this is important , although if it means anything , a good proportion of us view them as utterly nuts . 
  i mean , some of them talk about leaving the eu and reviving the commonwealth !, 
  what the christ ? 
  are we going to replace germany with pakistan , france with nigeria , and italy with tuvalu !? 
   however , the uk does want to cherry pick its commitments the uk negotiates a position within the bounderies of what can be negotiated according to the lisbon treaty . 
  just because the government does n't say `` yes '' to everything , the uk is accused of constantly trying to cheat its way out of commitments . 
  this is just not the case . 
   so does your desire for the uk in the eu outweigh potential negative consequences for your country or the eu given the uk 's refusal to commit ? 
  the uk * is * committed to the eu , it 's just not neccessarily commited to an identical view of the eu as germany or france are - trust me , this is healthy . 
  no-one should desire to end up in a union where france and germany just say `` we 're doing this now '' and anyone who disagrees is screwed and ignored . 
   do you non-brits of r/europe want britain in the eu ? 
  i am a brit , but the only thing that could make me want to vote for scottish independence ( i 'm also scottish ) would be the uk leaving . 
  i 'd rather be part of the eu and than the uk . 
  russian ? 
  who the fuck speaks that but people who 're interested in learning it , ukrainians , and ethnic russians ? 
  seriously , russian has 265 million speakers , english has nearly 1.5 billion . 
  this is an obvious choice . 
   here in romania , it is hard to find anybody who speaks english at all . 
  the german is much more popular . 
  is this due to austria-hungary ? 
  bigger countries are slower to adapt because of the ability to have indigenous media and internal trade and business . 
  this is an inevitability , but slow or not , they will still adapt to the future . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/english_foreign_and_second_language_eu.jpg ) is a little slower to digest but a tad more informative , 
  it is n't great . 
  some brits are fantastic at the english language , but honestly , your average nordic 20-something is now better at english than your average brit . 
  they learn the structure , the grammar in a proper manner , they learn how the language works from the ground up . 
  we just happen to speak it as a product of luck , and as a result most brits who do speak it are n't very adept at its usage , and have utterly awful grammar skills . 
  you lot seem to steadfastly refuse to learn it though , which is fair enough , that 's your choice , but it 's going to harm the country as time goes by . 
  i do get it , french and english both vied to be the lingua franca of 19th and 20th centuries , and rather obviously from the very term itself , french at times has been considered to be it . 
  but that time is over , and english is the new one . 
  i assume french society will gradually accept this , although i do completely understand the reticence , and i 'm sure i 'd feel the same if french was the lingua franca . 
  yes , it is . 
  51 % of eu citizens can converse in english , and that number is rising rapidly . 
  over 90 % of people can speak fluent english in 4 countries outside of ireland and the uk already , and as i say , that 's rapidly rising . 
  english * is * the lingua franca , and that 's only going to become more and more concrete as the years go by . 
  with regards to altemenselijk 's comment about the balkans - already nearly 50 % of greeks and croatians speak fluent english , 30 % of romanians , and 20 % of bulgarians . 
  basically every child in europe is currently being taught english , and the lowest fluency is turkey , where over 1/10 people speak the language fluently , and that 's not even part of the club yet . 
  it 's done , it 's over . 
  the language of europe is set and that language is english , the only issue related to comprehension or ease of use is time , and that time is going to be a single generation . 
  yeah , but it still bugs me that everyone pronounces it the french way when it 's a flemish city . 
  good film though . 
  energy is essentially unlimited in iceland . 
  you could do . 
  the problem of induction is a philosophical problem which plagues science , but to make the fairly simplistic equivocation between the scientific method , and organised religion , is to make an absolute category error . 
  i would argue no , that citizenship describes the property of being a citizen of a nation . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/problem_of_induction i 'll let you have fun with that one . 
  yes of course most people are n't bright enough for even basic science , but that does n't change the validity of its application or the dissimilarity of `` organised science '' ( which is n't organised because it 's not a single unified organisation ) and organised religion . 
  how am i placing importance on citizenship when i 've said quite clearly that nationality depends on belonging to a nation and that citizenship does n't change nationality ? 
  says every religious person and religious apologist in modern times ... edit : seriously , to equate the scientific method with religion demonstrates either ignorance or stupidity . 
  i hope for your sake it 's merely the former in your case . 
   well , first , i 'm using the original sense of the word . 
  i 'm afraid you ca n't look to etymology to find meaning , you have to look at modern definitions ( as great a website as that is , and it is bloody awesome , you ca n't expect to derive modern definitions from historical etymologies , trust me , it throws off a lot of the language )  second , there 's a huge body of political philosophy which deals with the significance of that concept which i 'm not supposed to call nationality and that 's the sense in which it 's used . 
  and yet still this disagrees with the common definition , and as language is grounded in popular consent i 'll stick with popular definitions . 
  there were people who would have been ethnically polish/slavic , sure - there were people who maintained polish culture , sure . 
  there was no-one of polish nationality though , and so yes , there were no `` poles '' when there was no poland ( or at least , short periods after the partition ) because pole is a demonym for a person from the nation of poland , and that no longer existed . 
   does this mean the revolutions of 1848 were a semantic problem ? 
  in what regard ? 
   would have such a seemingly poor understanding of what nationality meant yeah i am scottish , but you should pick up a dictionary , the most common definition you 'll find of nationality is `` the status of belonging to a particular nation . '', 
  see the `` no true scotsman '' fallacy for an actually quite good and ironically apt example of why ad hoc definition is rejected in our society . 
   and your meanings are not correct . 
  a person from britain is british . 
  you must be `` from '' britain in some way to be british . 
  if you are `` from '' ireland then one is irish . 
  sorry but society at large defines the demonym for citizens of the uk as british , so in this case you are the person who is incorrect .
