  the uk relies * less * upon the us than other nations but we still have critical gaps in our capabilities for which we rely upon the us . 
  the only consolation i have is that if the russians do sweep through europe in 25 years time and nation after nation falls then i can take comfort in the fact that most of them deserved it . 
  that was chuck hagel if i recall correctly . 
  that said , no-one took him seriously . 
  the unfortunate truth is that europe is not serious at all about it 's defence because we know the us will bail us out , and it wo n't be until we no longer have that us crutch that nations will take things seriously . 
  even then , there will be nations which refuse to pay for their own defence , knowing that their neighbours will necessarily defend them , but it would probably force some form of collective defence policy between the uk and france and it might make the germans stop being so pathetic and cheap . 
  the problem is that on top of the recession you have a lot of people who say `` why should we spend money on more useless tanks and guns when we do n't need them ? '', 
  - obviously failing to understand that the reason the world is ( relatively ) peaceful is because nato dominates , and that it 's not that we maintain strong militaries in spite of being safe , but rather that we 're safe * because * we have strong militaries . 
  indeed . 
  spain spends 0.9 % , i mean , wtf ? 
  indeed . 
  european countries used to provide 34 % of nato spending ( too little ) , they now provide 21 % . 
  the us , uk , france , turkey , greece , and estonia are the only nations meeting their nato obligations . 
  the other 22 are failing to bother . 
  honestly i think ultimatums should begin to be issued . 
  estonia small but estonia good !, 
  now now , let 's not fuck up sweden any more than it 's already done itself . 
  because the perception is that the uk is a better place to claim asylum , get benefits , get a free home etc. 
  which it probably is . 
  that said , i do think we should be summarily rejecting claims for asylum from people who 've crossed about a dozen eu countries before reaching us . 
  the unfortunate thing about the eu right now is that border protection is still done hugely for national interests . 
  italy cries out for support for frontex along the southern border from other nations yet receives no help . 
  france `` moves on '' migrants in france by demolishing camps but that 's it , and let 's face it , they 're essentially just being left to get into the uk sooner or later . 
  given the way the eu functions these days , we need a pan-eu border force , asylum system , and i think vitally we should be distributing asylum seekers evenly between the nations , rather than some nations taking the brunt of them and others hardly any . 
  finally , we 've got to get a lot more serious about which people are actually justifiably claiming asylum , and which are simply economic migrants . 
  afaik it does n't take too long to get a short term schengen visa is you 're already in the uk . 
   yes wrong is wrong , but geopolitic is not about right or wrong . 
  ah well there we go again then with the just following orders crap . 
   it is about interests and ultimately survival of your country the survival of france would probably be aided by a ) not alienating every ally it has , and b ) not arming it 's most likely serious adversary within the next century . 
   well i 'm sorry but now i have to go eat , the meal is ready and a frenchman should have enough historical grounding to know that he can not make his meal wait . 
  quite so !, 
  if this is happening then at least for a short time , all is well with the world . 
   and we just won a world cup match !, 
  so take that england !, 
  ah yes , but seperate schengen visas are not the simplest things to get even for those residing in the uk . 
  kovoso is anomalous i agree and yet precisely because it is anomalous it is a rare case . 
  the region was under un administration when it declared independence , and while i think serbia had a valid case for opposing the secession , it makes sense that they left things as they were , given the genocide and the fact that the majority of the world 's nations recognised the secession as valid . 
   not doing business with them would cost us more than doing business with them . 
  may i remember you that russian gas is desperatly needed in eastern europe ? 
  desperately needed in much of europe . 
  yet the one country which does n't actually need it in continental europe is france , so do n't play that bullshit of `` we need to keep them friendly by selling them assault ships ^ for ^ a ^ healthy ^ profit '' . 
   but we still need each others enough to justify not going completly crazy and throwing anything in any fire . 
  no-one 's suggesting that . 
  i 'm just suggesting that france not sell them the weapons they 'll use to bully their neighbours and annex more territory with . 
   you can disagree to a contract , you can not disagree to an order . 
  ** you can disagree to both !, 
  ** christ , a frenchman should have enough historical grounding to know that . 
   and what the fuck man !, 
  you can not run around telling people their nazis !, 
  that 's not an argument !, 
  i 'm not calling you a nazi , i 'm pointing out that you ca n't hide behind `` just following contracts '' to save yourself from morality . 
  wrong is wrong , regardless of the situation around it . 
   i assume the barman has a doctorate in organic chemistry , serves only organic products anyone with a doctorate in organic chemistry can quite assuredly serve you organic ( as in , filled with carbon and hydrogen ) beer :p they 'd probably be working in a lab designing drugs though . 
  no , they can not . 
  they are restricted to the uk . 
  one of them commonwealth dealios we 've got going on . 
  i think you contintenals often do n't realise the extent to which us island monkeys really do actually exchange dna with our old colonies . 
  especially canada , australia , and little australia . 
  like i said , i know loads of people who went to oz for a year or two following secondary school , and i 've met loads of aussies in the uk , many of them working in hostels or bars or clubs and just generally having a good time for a year or two . 
   a contract is a contract , you make a contract , you do the contract and you deliver the object of the contract . 
  right , no matter what . 
  you swear an oath , you follow orders , you swore an oath , you do what you 're told , you put the jews in the oven , you do what you 're told . 
  you must . 
  orders . 
  contracts . 
  orders . 
   who in their right mind would do business with someone who does not respect his contract ? 
  who in their right mind would transfer military hardware to their enemy when they 've * literally just annexed the land of a sovereign friendly nation * ? 
   sorry , i missed the time when gaddafi evolved him self couple of wings ... 
  he did n't . 
  you understand gaddafi was killed by libyans right ? 
   and if you wa n't to teach me about history , i would point you to the history of georgian - ossetian - abkhazian relationships , when ossetians and abkhazians rose up and seceded from georgian government in 1990 and 1991 . 
  secession is illegal in most nations , and unrecognised . 
  russia is too weak to be a real enemy . 
  to us , * perhaps * ( and by perhaps i mean possibly , maybe , i.e. 
  it is not certain ) . 
  that said , to their neighbours they are definitely strong enough to be a real enemy and quite assuredly are . 
   but putin is n't doing anything where he could use these ships . 
  you do n't think they might have come in handy against the georgians ? 
  putin is building up his military at a considerably faster rate than eu nations are dismantling theirs ( and that 's saying quite something ) . 
  he may not be a threat to the largest western european nations right now , but with current trends he will be at some point . 
  we can not rely on america to protect us forever , and we should not be arming the most likely aggressor nation in our vicinity . 
   this subreddit is way too scared of russia : its population and its economy are declining , its army is ridiculously old . 
  the russian population growth rate is 50 % higher than the eu average . 
  they currently have the largest population in europe . 
  since the year 2000 their economy has been growing at an average rate of about 5 % a year , eclipsing the eu 's average growth rate in the same period by a factor of 2 . 
  russian military spending has increased to over 4 % of gdp . 
  this is a higher percentage than any eu nation . 
  they spend the most on their military in the world besides the us and china . 
  in nominal terms , according to ihs jane 's , their defence spending between 2007 and 2014 has doubled . 
  they have already begun a 10 year program to spend $ 720,000,000,000 ( that 's 720 billion ) on modernisation alone , which is not coming out of their already large military budget , and are transforming from a large cold war meat grinder force into a smaller ( but still large ) professional high tech army . 
  and now they have two shiny new assault ships , courtesy of everyone 's favourite ally , france . 
  this subreddit perhaps just is n't as oblivious as you are . 
  now here 's a man who has n't been to norway !, 
   hey i remember you aww how lovely !, 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't say the same for you but nevertheless i am touched . 
   you supported the iraq war , did n't ya ? 
  in truth no , i did not . 
  i was quite staunchly opposed to it at the time . 
  i almost even went to the big march in london but ended up with a lovely case of gastroenteritis and missed it .
