  false dichotomy . 
  a `` boss '' is a worker . 
  i reject this out-dated 19th century leninist division between `` owners '' and `` workers '' . 
  anyone who generates value is working , regardless of the manner by which they achieve this . 
  you also seem to ignore the fact that the entirety of a corporation can be non-owners , in which case all are `` workers '' . 
  seriously , you should listen to the rhetoric you 're spouting , it 'd be funny if it was n't so tired . 
  second serious point : do you believe the world owes you life ? 
  i do n't mean that as an offensive question , i 'm just wondering , if you oppose work and you oppose trade and any sort of corporatism , then where does the fuel for your living come from ? 
  must other people guarentee it for you ? 
   you might see it like that , but not the shareholders or upper managers . 
  for example check the milk price fixing scandal in the uk ( actually scandals like that happen all over europe ) . 
  you 're generalising the actions of a few to the desires of the whole . 
  yes , of course scandals happen all over europe . 
  scandals happen all over the world . 
  the point is that bad behaviour is not unique to rich people , or to executives , or to shareholders , or to corporations . 
  it is an aspect of humanity . 
  we can oppose the bad behaviour without opposing the benefits brought by capitalism . 
   the rich collude , the poor think that it 's in the best interest for the economy to do well . 
  it 's not . 
  if you are not rich , you have totally different interests . 
  again an assertion without any supporting evidence or even any rational claims to support it . 
   as far as they care , you are just another peasant to be worked to death once you get your new shiny degree . 
  please stop acting as if you know that . 
  you do n't . 
  there are a lot of `` rich '' people out there . 
  as far as most of africa is concerned , you 're one of them . 
  generalisations are very intellectually simplistic . 
  we may as well start talking about black and chinese stereotypes . 
   i 've explained that previously . 
  direct ownership with no rights to sell . 
  it 's not really control if you ca n't sell it . 
   the same way you ca n't sell your nationality , your liver or many other things . 
  they are `` you '' . 
  i ca n't sell my nationality because the state reserves the power to grant that or not . 
  you may say my liver can not be sold because that is `` me '' but i 'm betting you support people 's rights to euthanasia or to voluntarily consume drugs . 
  you also presumably are ok with people selling their time to work . 
   means of production . 
  none should own means of production . 
  so if one group of people work hard to build an oil rig , others should automatically own that too , even if they have not helped at all ? 
   as for democracy , it requires people to be involved in it , actively , in an everyday basis , with decisions taken without mediators . 
  that 's impossible though . 
  your average person on the street does not have the time , education , or ability to be heavily involved in politics on a full time basis . 
  it 's an intensive thing , and requires expertise and long term knowledge . 
  little 20 year old johnny down the road who works at the butcher and has a nice dorris at home is not going to have the time , proberly nor the education , to consider the long term impacts of quantitiate easing with regards to growth prospects vis-\u00e1-vis emerging economies , or to consider the finer points of international extradition treaties . 
  this is the entire reason we have representative democracy , because it prevents the tyranny of the majority , and because not everyone can be an expert on politics . 
   this i do n't believe in . 
  partly because i 've never experienced any competition while working in the private sector . 
  presumably you have n't worked very high up in it . 
  i 've experienced competition and i 've never been a high level worker . 
   it makes much more sense for corporations to compete against their workers a corporation ca n't compete against it 's workers , since they have mutual goals , not to mention that the workers are the corporation . 
  to compete against oneself is almost oxymoronic . 
   it was by far the best route of actions . 
  i am surprised that she even paid the shareholders anything . 
  in so far as i 've read , and i 've looked into this a fair bit , she has n't . 
  just to be clear : you think the state committing theft is morally permissible ? 
   i 'll respond to the points that i think are more important . 
  you 've responded by generally saying you disagree . 
  if that 's all you can do then there 's not much point to this . 
  i need you to go one step further and give a reason why you disagree , or show me what has lead you to believe in a position which is different to my own . 
   as organisations that fullfil a certain function , maybe . 
  but not as organisations themselves . 
  yes , as organisations themselves . 
  every organisation is corrupt to one degree or another , and public organisations are no different than private ones - both types experience corruption . 
   yes - but there are some organisations that attract corruption like a magnet . 
  you might claim this , but you provide absolutely no supporting evidence . 
  i would suggest that this belief is part of your ideology but i wonder whether you 've ever actually found any evidence to support it even for yourself , or whether you just trust it because it fits your worldview . 
   hmm . 
  i was expecting something like that . 
  it would n't make any difference - i am just trying to understand why anyone would support private shareholders unless he is one . 
  you seem trapped in this dichotomy of `` private shareholders '' against everyone else . 
  i 'm a world citizen , i have interest in all of the world 's economy doing well . 
  i also try to live a moral life , and would like others to do the same . 
  what kirchner has done in this particular case is to steal the property of another organisation for her country . 
  i disagree with theft or expropriation . 
   supporting private shareholders ( in the kirchner case ) and not accepting democratic control of corporations . 
  do you really see this situation that simply ? 
  that either one accepts democratic control ( whatever that 's supposed to mean ) or one supports private shareholders ? 
  i wonder , is the issue you have simply that anyone would own anything ? 
  it is starting to seem that way . 
  in the kirchner case i do n't so much support repsol as oppose what she has done . 
  she 's used the fact that she has an entire state at her disposal and a monopoly on force within that state to take what does not belong to her or her country . 
  you can say it ** should ** but it did not , her husband 's predecessor legally sold it . 
  by `` democratic control '' do you mean state ownership of all corporations or what ? 
  i 'm not having a go , but i 'm just trying to figure out whether you 're approaching the issue from a communist or anarchist or just hard left socialist perspective , or perhaps simply from the perspective of someone who simply hates capitalism . 
  just curious . 
   so why not energy ? 
  it depends . 
  in the case of a country like my own i would favour private generation , due to the diverse range of power generation sources that exist in my country . 
  this enables competition between various power generation companies and yet due to the diversity of generation types allows my government to pick the best deal . 
  once the power leaves the powerplant i 'm in favour of state control from there on . 
  overall , i have no problem with state-run energy companies , but that is not what this entire issue is about , and i 'm surprised you 're not catching onto this . 
  people are n't angry because kirchner wants to run argentina 's oil fields with the state , people are angry because in order to achieve this she stole what was not hers . 
  it is not about what she wants to do , it is entirely about how she has gone about achieving it . 
  if argentina had paid the market value of yfp then you would n't hear a peep from me - it 's theft i oppose , not state run agencies . 
  it 's the dark in winter . 
  the highlands of scotland where i 'm from also has really high suicide rates . 
  it 's also north enough to have the typical long dark depressing winters . 
  come to scotland buddy , 
  brit here . 
  very common .
