  plenty of places use all.pf those plugs , what 's captioned is the country of origin not all of the places that use them . 
  exactly , they 're properly british , like tea , or curry , or the elgin marbles . 
  also found in loads of places we used to own . 
  not really . 
  half the countries [ from the empire use type g plugs ] ( http://www.iec.ch/worldplugs/typeg.htm ) . 
  we adopted the plug , and then ireland and a large bunch of other nations did . 
  go back to moomin world you pseudo-finn . 
  you mean anglo-saxons ( + celts ) , or english speakers , though , not `` english '' . 
  i mean obviously you can call them whatever you want in your own language , but when you 're speaking in english that 's just wrong . 
   does the fact we have our own national football teams not give it away ? 
  that 's kind of an aberration though . 
  we are , after all , in the official sense , not separate countries . 
  scotland and england are regions of the uk , which is the sovereign state . 
  when americans compare the `` countries '' of the uk to us states they 're much closer than many brits like to admit . 
  northern britain innit, 
  there are a bunch of places which use uk plugs , not a big bunch , but a bunch . 
  aye ... let 's not get into that though eh ? 
  also it 's labelled `` england '' which is wrong . 
  it should be `` uk '' or at least `` britain '' . 
  there had been calls from users publicly to ban me previously ( i 'm openly anti-putin ) but mods had generally been okay and said that as long as i abided by the rules i could stay , but then they changed the rules to the hilariously putinist `` telling untruths gets you banned '' , which of course in / r/russia is basically `` say stuff we do n't like and get banned '' - which i guess is what i was banned for . 
  to their credit , i expected less of them , i was active there for a good couple of years , when i first started posting there i did n't expect they 'd give me more than 3-6 months . 
  well , because i got banned without being given a reason , despite asking for one several times from the mods . 
  i was always measured on there , did my best to be constructive in any opposition to what people were saying etc. 
  i can only assume that i was banned for expressing political beliefs which the moderators did not like . 
  upvoting for actually being here . 
  kudos for putting up with being against the flow . 
  i got banned from / r/russia for being the same ( i assume , they never actually would give me a reason ) . 
  hope you last longer on here . 
  when do you refer to ? 
  soon ... we have to take care of the frogs first ... 
  not the same thing ... 
  whether that 's legally the case or not , the fact that the dublin regulation is broken shows that the laws are broken , and the quoted statement is the * opinion * of a great many people and this will no doubt shape public attitudes and as a result , national policy . 
  so you 're either buying enough ( congrats ) or not drinking enough ( boo ! ) . 
  my circle of friends wo n't generally run out anymore because we 'll buy enough pretty much for two nights in case the `` a few beers and vidya '' turns into `` up till its bright enough outside to justify a fry up '' . 
  it may not , but it means that if you want to do anything involving drinking at home/friends then you have to ensure you have enough booze for your evening prior to 10pm , no midnight runs to the corner shop to stock up on beer . 
  sucks a bit . 
  bars and pubs are of course exempt , but still not great . 
  limited to 3am , although most pubs close at midnight on weekdays and 1am on friday/saturday , clubs 2am on weekdays , 3am sat/sun . 
  casinos are the only 24 hour drinking venues which is kind of lame . 
  the fact that they stop selling it at 10pm . 
  you can buy alcohol in any shop with an off license , which is every supermarket , specialist booze store , corner shop , etc. 
  the shitty thing is purely that they legally can not serve a customer alcohol past 10pm on any night of the week . 
  yeah i do n't mean america level shitty , just shitty compared with the rest of the uk . 
  i buy my booze from supermarkets and convenience stores . 
  you can buy any time between 10am and 10pm . 
  still dumb though , england does it right , where you can buy booze any time of the day from any shop . 
  by shitty alcohol laws i simply mean that one ca n't buy alcohol after 10pm . 
  it 's an annoyance because if you think you 've got enough and then run out you 're up shit creek unless you 're prepared/able to go to a pub/club/casino . 
  in england if the party runs dry at 2am then you can go to a 24 hour shop and buy more . 
  in scotland you have to ensure that you 've got more than enough to not run out . 
  no biggie , just chucking it out there . 
  fuck knows what ni has , probably something archaic , least upsetting to the two different denominations , and designed around minimisation of explosions . 
  that 's england and wales only . 
  in scotland stores can be open all the time . 
  we have supermarkets that are open literally 24/7/365 . 
  of course we pay for that by having shitty alcohol sales laws . 
  yeah , ceta risks reducing our standards to that of the hellhole we all know as canada . 
  obviously all of their standards are far , far lower than ours . 
  their food is poison , their drinks are acid , and their women are murderous . 
  if we dare to sign any sort of treaty with them we 're sure to have canadian death conglomerates suing our health care systems for sucking up all the government money to keep people alive , rather than allowing death panels to find new and more expensive private capitalist ways of killing them . 
  quite so achmed , we 've been eating too much danish bacon and german sausage . 
  no can do . 
  america pays for nato and nato sets standards which we all must use . 
  it 's 5.56 & 7.62 until the yanks decide or are convinced that another calibre would be preferable . 
  tasteless as ever . 
  we certainly try . 
  exactly . 
  my one anecdote about local shops means mass immigration is working \\ o / . 
  fine by me . 
  i 've got a few corner shops to choose from within 5 minutes and the polski sklep is the best by far . 
  nice people working there , friendly , well looked after shop . 
  one example is proof of all allegations ? 
  lulz, 
  who is this mary and what are we assuming ? 
  no , that 's not really right . 
  what i 'm saying is you 're not even asking the right question . 
  the logic that would bring you to ask that question shows you do n't understand the idea . 
  * that * or you 're intentionally asking a stupid question to try and reframe the argument in order to win an argument , but i 'm going to hope you 're not that much into time wasting . 
  never mind though , i do n't think you care to know . 
  you really do n't even understand what you 're asking . 
  that 's quite sad , genuinely . 
  you 'll all upvote the mis-attributed voltaire quote every time someone you support gets in trouble with the law , but it really is just , at best , lip service . 
  judges do n't decide on truth , they decide on law . 
  we recognise the limits of humans and ask them to make judgements based on whether they believe a made up rule is or is n't broken . 
  that 's not the same as saying `` this person can judge reality better than this person , and if the former disagrees with the latter then the latter can be imprisoned '' . 
  no that 's basically what he said . 
  he just about covered the entire spectrum of `` lying '' . 
  what if a false claim is made in good faith ? 
  this is indeed what i was getting at . 
  / r/europe is n't very big on freedom of speech though . 
  nor freedom in general , these days . 
   no it did n't , when you said false things about me , i murdered you . 
  that 's how it used to work . 
  there 've been laws against murder for far longer than there 've been laws against libel/slander . 
   remove that and violence is the only answer except it 's clearly * not * the only answer . 
  there are nations with very weak libel and slander laws , and nations with very strict ones . 
  gain of material goods innit . 
  freedom . 
  well , i 'm not sure it 's untenable . 
  i mean it worked for a few thousand years of human civilisation .
