   that 's not being practical . 
  of course it is . 
  there 's a problem , i 'm generating a practical solution , and am ignoring any constraints which we ourselves have chosen to place on ourselves . 
  until they claim asylum they 're just another person illegally trying to enter the eu , though . 
  sorry , no what 's not ? 
   i 'm not being emotional , i 'm taking your ideas to their logical conclusion in a farcical way to demonstrate how ludicrous they are . 
  let 's increase taxes = communism let 's decrease taxes = let the poor all starve . 
  reductio ad absurdum is fine but you 're using a slippery slope argument , and * that 's * just silly . 
   they might if they thought it was going to be dumping shit on them . 
  you 're acting like an 18th century imperialist here ... 
  i 'm being practical . 
  we do n't want to and should n't keep taking tens of thousands of illegal immigrants into the eu every single year , it 's going to be bad for us in the short and long term . 
  i want a solution to this which is as humane and as simple as possible , and this is probably it . 
  good effort though :p, 
  but we 're catching them in the * act * of commmitting the crime mate . 
  it 's illegal to enter a foreign country without that countries permission . 
  if we catch people doing it we can detain them and then they can say `` hey i want asylum '' and then we can say `` sure , if you 've got documents showing you 're from a neighbouring country come right this way '' and then take everyone else back to a beach . 
  they start off in an illegal state when we catch them , some of them offer defence for having broken the law , and then we decide whether we accept this defense . 
  the rest , begin and end as illegals . 
  well , now you 've got one , since `` gays causing storms '' is n't racist ... 
  one silly member does n't make a major national party racist , matey , 
   except they would n't be attacking italy , they 'd be defending themselves from italian ships violating their territorial waters . 
  how are you still not getting this ? 
  tomato potato - does n't make any difference . 
  syria would be `` defending '' itself if it shot down us aircraft right now but they wo n't even consider doing it because they know what will happen if they do . 
  i think you 're pretending we live in a world where the niceties of international law are still respected . 
   ah , great , guess we can just violate any treaties and international laws we deem fit in that case . 
  pretty much , yes . 
   let 's just throw apart the entire international system , let sovereign anarchy rule once more . 
  regress one hundred years , that 's the way to progress !, 
  oh do n't be so dramatic . 
  just because we do n't want to be abused by following one part of international law to the letter does n't mean the entire system of international cooperation is going to come to an end . 
  you 're being very emotional about this whole thing . 
  the system * is * the problem matey , or rather , abuse of the system is the problem . 
  illegals do n't respect laws in the first place ( by definition ) and so the second they get on eu soil they 're going to create problems for us . 
  being able to summarily dump 95 % of the illegal immigrants on an african beach would make the problem a lot more managable . 
   of course , you 're right . 
  but what can we do about it ? 
  the only thing i think we can do , is strike a deal with a friendly , stable and safe state to take our migrants . 
  why ? 
  why offload a problem to someone else when it 's a problem we ourselves have created by voluntarily taking on this obligation ? 
  the eu has a problem currently that we have an asylum system which is abused by tens of thousands of people every single year who 're trying to illegaly enter the eu for economic reasons . 
  we should n't be trying to offload this problem to another nation , we should be trying to * end * this problem . 
   if we want an alternative , we need to create one . 
  sitting in a corner shouting `` stop ! '', 
  is n't going to work . 
  we need to do more to create a situation where the eu 's border countries are more stable and friendly . 
  immigration is only once place where this would be helpful . 
  the current situation is not going to work out well in the long run . 
  agreed . 
  my vote would be on reformation of the southern eu militaries away from an expeditionary role ( which they 're all useless at anyway ) into , essentially , a border foce for the southern border . 
  loads more boats , maritime search aircraft , massive holding centres , way more translators and medics . 
  i agree that the stabilisation of libya would be a good thing for everyone , though . 
  those that arrive in europe * have * to be processed . 
  that 's the problem , once they 're here we have to process them all , and italy being as it is , means that most of them just wander off north and then we get camps of north africans sitting in calais trying to sneak through the channel tunnel because france just apparantly is n't safe enough for them . 
  i 'm just suggesting that , apart from the documented tunisians , egyptions , and libyans , we take the rest back to the beaches of north africa and drop them off there . 
  if a libyan is actually being persecuted and takes their documents on a little creaky boat and we pick them up , sure , keep them onboard , take them to a processing facility and check out their story . 
  the rest ? 
  back to the beach . 
  lets face it , illegal immigrants are dropping their documents because they know it makes it harder for us to send them anywhere , i 'm just saying that we bypass that problem by dumping them all back to where they set off from , or our best guess at it , and leave it at that . 
  to be honest jeff , i 'm being pretty moderate here , there are millions of people in europe who 'd gladly see us just put holes in their boats and leave them . 
  what.a.bunch.of.pricks . 
   you keep saying ` war with the eu ' , it would n't be . 
  it would be , at most , a war with italy you 're the one who brought up war , not me . 
  as for `` war with italy '' - well anyone who attacks italy is attacking a collective military alliance , so yes it is a war with the eu , but even against italy , no african nation would stand a chance . 
  not that such talk is productive because honestly , no nation would dare . 
   doing so would be illegal under any number of international laws and norms . 
  oh cry me a river . 
   illegally entering their territorial waters to dump shit on the shores is invading . 
  you 're mad if you think it is n't , and if you think this is a legitimate honest to god solution . 
  hey , we live in a fucked up world that 's why we have illegal immigrants . 
  they get on their little boats and they try to illegaly cross a sea to come and get a nice life in northern europe . 
  all i 'm suggesting is that when we pick up these wee sinky boats , if people do n't have documents that show they 're from a neighbouring country , we pop down south , drop them off on the beach from where they came , wave goodbye , and head on back home . 
  those two things are the same . 
  frankly , i do n't want any more uneducated people in the eu . 
  i accept we have a legal obligation to take those who 're genuinely at risk of state persecution ( i.e. , people like salman rushdie ) - but not every tom dick and harry who happen to live in a messed up country and their cousins neighbour got killed because some militia got the wrong house . 
  we ca n't house everyone who lives in a warzone , nor should we try to . 
  by eu standards two thirds of the bloody world is in danger , we 're going to have to face up to the fact that we ca n't , and should n't be aiming to just save the world by giving what we 've got away . 
  just because you find what i say to be scary does n't mean it 's not got some truth to it . 
  you 're the one talking bombs and missiles , i 'm just suggesting that when migrants are picked off we go south instead of north and drop them off on the beaches from where they came . 
  you mention three countries but only give two reasons for explaining why not . 
  that 's why i picked tunisia , 
  well , currently we have a situation where we have migrants coming from north african countries and those countries are n't doing anything because they just do n't give a toss . 
  i 'm just suggesting that we use our resources to make it their problem , to make them care , and just as italy wants to force the rest of the eu to take action by ending mare nostrum , we force the north african countries to take action by making it their problem also . 
   are you high ? 
  you 're proposing invading a sovereign country and dumping ` undesirables ' there . 
  now now , that 's just rude , i never said they were undesirable . 
  i 'm not proposing `` invading '' a sovereign country , just rocking up to the beaches , dropping people off , and leaving again . 
   maybe you could get away with it the first time , but the second time there 'll be missiles flying if they do n't turn around . 
  again ... are you fucking high ? 
  you think tunisia is going to start a war with the eu ? 
  we could , right now , airlift a tank to the centre of tunis flying the eu flag and they would n't do anything more than protest diplomatically . 
  that 's like someone saying that malta would put up a fight if the us decided to start dumping people on its beaches . 
  but ... neither side is white . 
  i. ... i do n't get it . 
   there are no restrictions on where you can apply for asylum , the whole ` first safe country ' is a guiding principle sure , but i 'm just saying we can make it our own ironclad rule . 
  why should n't they be applying to the eu ? 
  because thousands of illegals are abusing the aslyum system to get over the fact that they 're economic migrants . 
  reference the boat which landed in cyprus a few weeks ago where most of the illegals refused to get off unless they were taken to italy . 
  a number of places in the world are deemed not safe , that does n't mean we take the entire population of the drc into europe now , does it ?
