  whose nukes are those ? 
  whose bombs and armour is that ? 
  the german military is degraded to an embarrassing degree . 
  right which is why abdelbaset al-megrahi was released to howls of protest from the united states . 
  so basically they asked them to stop bombing until they could be part of the coordinated campaign so as to stop the turks bombing the kurds . 
  makes sense . 
  all you bitches got nothing on this : [ i present to you : sunderland !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eln1uzfnewa ) berlin , paris , prague , london , helsinki , btfo !, 
  poland becoming europe 's bastion of the right . 
  who would have ever thought ? 
  do n't bother , this guy has a thing about the evil brits and why we 're the entire reason the french lost their country in 18 seconds ... 
  if we 're going to go with uninformed stereotypes based on prejudice , should n't you be cleaning toilets right about now ? 
  you do n't copyright biotech , you patent it  just fyi . 
  also , just because the usa may handle patents badly , does n't mean that scotland would have to . 
  they 're not just anti-science , they 're anti-progress . 
  just one more thing to write in the `` reasons not to stay in scotland '' column for me i guess :(, 
  actually impressed at that guy firing a full magazine of 7.62 nato on automatic and managing to keep his rifle vaguely level . 
  it will survive them , but if the bundeswehr unleashes `` free child-care '' against it then it 'll crumble instantly . 
  i was n't proposing it was an alternative to paying tax , i 'm commenting that the moral difference between conscription and tax is by degree . 
  one takes 100 % of a person 's labour , the other takes 20 % ( or whatever ) . 
  you 'll always pay some tax though , there is no way of avoiding it . 
  coucnil tax , vat , there are all sorts of taxes afterall . 
   that is it in a nutshell . 
  you are not free . 
  indeed , my point being that you 're not free when you work just because they take 20 % of your income either . 
  just because it 's only 1 hour out of every 5 does n't mean it 's a different thing , they 're still taking your labour for their purposes . 
  i 've always supported conscription where it suits the needs of the nation applying it . 
  it turns out i 'm actually not over the age , either . 
   it is different from taxation . 
  i mean , of course it 's * different * , they 're not the same identical thing , it 's just but in moral terms its and equivalent violation of rights ( something i should have made clearer above ) . 
   people are free to do whatever kind of work or money making activity they choose ( or not ) so , your option is `` do nothing '' or `` have some of your work taken at gunpoint from you ? 
  '' , that 's no more an option than telling someone without healthcare that they 've got loads of choice because they can pick which gutter to die in . 
  taxation : you expend your time , the government takes a portion of the output whether you like it or not , and in the end the government has taken a number of years off your life . 
  conscription : the government takes all of what you output , deciding what you expend your time on , but for a relatively short period of time compared with taxation , and in the end the government has taken a year or two off your life . 
  they 're both immoral acts , enforced by the threat of violence , and both are carried out with the view that they are essential to the survival and functioning of the state . 
  and how do we earn money ? 
  it 's lamentable that people are downvoting me babystepping people through the foundations of nation state moral violations . 
  because they would n't let me ? 
  i 'm not finnish ... 
  i find it hilarious having discussions like this , because as someone who 's actually quite aware of how nation states function and has a moral issue with many of the methods , i find it hilarious that people who 're ok with all of the other egregious violations of liberty that the state carries out go ballistic over conscription . 
  it 's no different then taxation , and it 's a basic part of a nation state that if they need you to do labour you do labour , that 's how they ensure their own function . 
  right , insulting and enraging . 
  that 's what i 'm going for here :d, 
  well , it 's not really any different qualitatively than tax , so yes , it 's a bit childish to have a moral objection to it if you accept tax . 
  there is n't a need for the current system ? 
  it 's the fdf 's actually , and if they say they need a large trained pool of conscripts to best defend finland i 'd trust them , were i a finn . 
  i said casualties ... 
  you had 323,000 casualties the first time around with russia . 
  i 've never been to jail but i think some people should go to jail , i 've never fought a boxing match but i enjoy that some people do , i 've never eaten shit but i 'm fairly certain it 's not positive thing to do . 
  there are lots of things that we all have n't done which we can have cogent and rational opinions on . 
  you 're basically arguing that because i have n't met your criteria of experience i 'm not allowed to have an opinion , which is childish and patently untrue . 
   men pay more taxes than women because they , on average , earn more , not because they are men . 
  ah but we earn more because we 're men ( on average , obvs ) . 
  the same biological reason we earn more is the reason that women are excluded from service , yet men are taxed for the outcome of nature while women are excused from service . 
   those 650 000 will do the same things that civilians would do during conflict . 
  there 's no need for all of them to serve . 
  that 's very simplistic . 
  what happens once half of the initial 250,000 are dead if the other 650,000 do n't know how to hold a rifle ? 
  i have n't been murdered but i can still say murder is bad . 
  you 're using a fallacious argument . 
   taxation does n't differentiate between genders or other things not in one 's decision-making power . 
  are you kidding ? 
  taxation varies hugely by gender and by a multitude of factors . 
   not to mention that fdf always parrots that finns are by and large willing to defend finland , why not give those less willing a pass , since over two thirds of the current reserve is already without meaningful duties . 
  presumably because the fdf realise that to stand a hope of defending the country from invasion you 'd need everyone to be part of the war effort , not just those who 'd felt like going to conscription for a year . 
  now personally i think finland should abolish conscription , create a better trained better equipped volunteer military and join nato , but given that that does n't seem to be on the table , conscription is n't a bad idea . 
  it 's not a request , it 's a demand . 
  it 's not really any morally worse than taxation tbh , i do n't see what the fuss is about other than some hippies who think they can end war by allowing finland to become a russian colony . 
  so what you 're telling me is i can now tell romanians that they speak moldovan with a romanian accent to wind them up ? 
  cheers !, 
  i fully agree that it should be gender neutral , although try getting gender equality rulings which do n't benefit women in northern europe ... 
  my finnish sucks . 
  i can still count to 10 though , and ask for 1 or 2 beers , and for some reason i remember names for dairy products ( butter , cheese ... weird , i 'm not even fat ) . 
  well not that that point was very graciously made , but i agree , conscription should apply to every medically fit person , not just men . 
  is moldova a frequent romanian holiday destination ? 
  what do they actually speak out there , romanian or russian , or is there a moldovian ? 
  i 've always been a fan of heavy tubes . 
  i 'm pretty sure ephebophilia means kids who 're past puberty but like , under 16 or 17 . 
  still , 18-21 year old 10/10 's sounds good , i 'm in . 
  when is the best time to visit ? 
  i was optimistic the whole way through ... 
  it is * kind * of adorable to find somewhere so ... out of touch with modern western advertising . 
  the state says * `` you must do conscription '' * * `` but we do n't wannaaaa '' * say some young people . 
  * `` ok ok then , we 'll be reasonable , you can do 12 months of civil service instead of you want to '' * * `` not fair !, 
  '' * how do you say `` tantrum '' in suomi ? 
   what about not to talk about the mandatory military service , if you have n't done any active military service for some months ? 
  it 's the 6-12 months of conscription in the finnish army mate , they 're not in downtown fallujah ... 
  it 's a generous offer from the state , not a punishment . 
  because the foundation of the nation state is that you have a single body ( the state ) which has a monopoly on violence which forces people to do things they may not want to do in order to ensure the functioning of the state . 
  taxation is theft , and conscription is slavery , and yet both can be accepted if you 're working from the premise that the state is the highest moral authority in the land , which by the nature of having a monopoly on violence , it essentially is appointed as . 
  fucked up i know , but that 's planet earth m80 . 
  they are trying their best and i do actually almost feel bad for posting it for that reason , that said , the only way is up and they 'll get there . 
  i know the drill , play thick and useless and you get out after 6 :p, 
  we do n't have to in the uk , it 's a volunteer military , but i did two years in the reserves yes . 
  [ let 's get some downtown moldova too !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bav28hvnnue ), 
  they should be jailed for a year , not 6 months , since that 's what many finns are serving . 
  avoiding conscription is no different than refusing to pay your taxes . 
   you kinda forfeit your own right to free speech when you say something i do n't agree with ftfy , 
  i see dead people ?
