  take what was left of the german forces , take command of them ( about 2 million troops ) , drop whatever nukes were available on any large collections of soviet ground forces , and if possible , on moscow , and then begin the long slog of destroying the soviet empire . 
  that would have been the best option in the long term . 
  i know , i 'm not sure why people keep saying this . 
  nuclear war does not need every country involved to be a nuclear power , it just needs one . 
  we did you fucking moron , and we were n't able to achieve our aims of freeing poland because we could n't defeat the most powerful military on earth on our own , and by the time it was defeated it was defeated by the new most powerful military on earth who decided to help themselves to half of europe . 
  if we had been all powerful i would accept your accusation as fair , but we were not , we were struggling to survive ourselves and were trying to free who we could from the nazis , and then afterward from the russians . 
  be as ungrateful as you please but it 'll just breed resentment towards you . 
  try spending some money . 
  it * did * end badly for western europe . 
  we were stuck with oppressed neighbours for 50 years because the russians decided to help themselves to half the continent . 
  it just did n't end * quite * as badly as it might have ( with the russians taking the entire thing ) . 
  people really seem to have no idea just * how * exposed and precarious the western power 's position was by the end of ww2 . 
  oh we gave it to them did we ? 
  i forget the part of the war where the uk had soldiers occupying poland and then called up stalin and said `` here you go mate , it 's all yours '' . 
  the soviets stole a nation and we were n't in a position to make them give it back . 
  no-one was . 
  that 's not betrayal . 
   england is 90 % the uk , the decisions are made there . 
  some of them are , that 's where our parliament is . 
   most countries do n't even understand what the uk or britain is , they just assume it 's england . 
  the prevalence of stupidity does not change what it is . 
  that 's the basic jist of about half of europe , yeah . 
  the us and uk are damned if we do and damned if we do n't . 
  it was ... nukes were a very small part of the war , which they would n't have been in an operation unthinkable type scenario , but ... it was . 
   it 's many smaller thing 's as well . 
  the questionable way of how general sikorski died and mi5 's complete refusal to release the documents of the investigation even 70 years after the wars conclusion . 
  the allies complete subservience to soviet demands especially at yalta where it seems stalin had his way an already mentally feeble roosevelt and an all to compliant churchill . 
  i think people have some imagination that yalta was a meeting of equals . 
  it was n't . 
  the west was in a * very * precarious position at yalta , and while churchill later spoke of deep sadness for not having been able to rescue at least poland from the clutches of the ussr , there was * very * little the west could do at that point . 
  soviet land forces were far in excess of what we had , their military was competent and their war machinery massive . 
   but to say that british hands are clean from the whole affair is not completely honest . 
  we attempted to save them . 
  people seem to blame us for not launching into suicidal war , at first with the germans and then with the russians . 
  i would doubt it . 
  most europeans seem to genuinely think that their nation should n't do anything unless it 's facing an existential threat , and in that case that what their nation should do is wait for the us to arrive and save them . 
  i know ... 
  well , the uk somehow manages to have a deployment and intervention force as well as having a force usable against the rufed , you 'd think that germany , with 20 million more people and a lot more money might manage the same . 
  why do you think this goes against anything i 've said ? 
  i 'm quite aware that the ussr did n't have nukes , but america did and would have had to use them in a war against the soviets , hence making the war a nuclear one . 
  ok ... one last chance before i just give up on you . 
  why do you feel what i 've said is wrong ? 
  `` back in the box '' ? 
  oh not potential , guaranteed . 
  the only way we would have stood a chance would have been to drop every nuke we could produce on soviet forces . 
  edit : i 'm genuinely puzzled as to why this has received so many downvotes . 
  yes , of course the only people who had nukes at the immediate end of ww2 were the americans , that was part of my point , to combat soviet conventional forces they 'd have been required to use every nuke they could produce in as short an order as they could produce them , hence the war turning into a nuclear one . 
  i am perfectly aware of that period of the war you ill mannered boor . 
  the uk was engaged in a naval war throughout pretty much that entire time against the germans . 
  lots of lives were lost in that period , and ships were sunk within hours of our declaring war . 
   so you agree that ( for whatever reasons ) you entered the war on paper only and in reality did nothing to help us ? 
  we immediately blockaded germany with the royal navy and began large scale naval operations against the germans . 
  what kind of naivety exists so commonly that people think the british army should have just waltzed through germany to come and save poland ? 
   what about 1945 when 1000s of polish soldiers were sent back to poland to face certain death from soviet hands ? 
  many stayed , some left , it 's sad that not all stayed . 
  i like poles . 
   england - uk , only british people care poland - russia , only poland cares . 
  you 're all russian to the rest of the world . 
  irritated yet ? 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
  i mean you 've shown with the numbers you quoted that it 's about a 50:50 divide , but i did n't even claim that in the first place . 
  you 're starting to look a bit silly . 
  indeed mate , let 's not make up facts , the uk entered ww2 on the 3rd of september , less than 48 hours after the beginning of the invasion of poland . 
  the battle of france happened many months later . 
   yes , i see it all the time on this board , it 's fucking insane unfortunately it 's all too common . 
  it 's a very similar mentality to the `` little englander '' mentality among uk people who want to pull out of the eu because they think everything will be fine forever if we all just sit on our little island and dont interact with others . 
   and it always seems to come from the most pro-europe people , and federalists . 
  well , do n't tar them all . 
  i 'm fiercely pro-eu and am an eu federalist , but i support the idea of a strong eu with a global presence and no aversion to interaction with countries outside our borders , not some petty self-serving isolationist state which placates any and all in order to avoid having to ever do anything . 
   honestly , this shit is mindboggling to me . 
  it is painful , i agree . 
  there are just far far too many europeans who 've grown up with the insane notion that war in europe , at least western europe , is a thing of the past and is banished forever to the history book , and that america is evil and nato is too . 
  i would give up entirely , but i suppose this union needs some people to talk a bit of sense . 
  i 'm not sure what you think you 've shown , this is what i was claiming and you 're agreeing that what i was claiming is true ... 
  [ what do you think we should have done ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/allied_army_positions_on_10_may_1945.png ) trust me , i 'm very much of the opinion that if operation unthinkable had been in any way viable it should have been carried out . 
  if nuclear weapons production had been higher among the allied powers then it * might * have been possible , but as it was we were doing well just to get the soviets to stop advancing . 
  not like we had a lot of options . 
  it was concede the land stalin had already stolen or begin operation unthinkable and , most likely , get absolutely destroyed by the soviets . 
   entered in on paper maybe . 
  then you stood by as poland was destroyed first by germany then russia . 
  so we should have just popped in , entirely defeated the most powerful military on earth , and then hopped over to russia to stop their army in its tracks all in september of ' 39 ? 
   but poles still fought for england the uk , not just england . 
  if you 're going to criticise us you could at least do us the justice of getting our name right . 
  it 's a horrible and common position , his one . 
  they whine about anyone who does anything being warmongers and are happy to let entire nations be invaded so long as it 's not their own , and yet think they occupy the moral high ground . 
  haha , cruel joke . 
  well , we declared war 24 hours after poland was invaded as a result of our alliance with the poles . 
  of course it was unlikely war was avoidable with germany , but still . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20140903/swedes-most-willing-in-europe-to-support-ukraine ) i 'll let you read away , but not all of europe is as uncaring as you make out . 
  i know , it 's not so much directed to him as a general question on the topic . 
  well of course , there are n't many nato nations which are actually prepared to take any action these days . 
  at least * something * is being done , even if the uk does have to do most of it . 
  france is fairly busy down in africa right now and germany is still afraid of its own shadow . 
  give some men a pound and they 'll complain you did n't give them two . 
   the uk love war , it reminds them of their past greatness . 
  oh be quiet silly man . 
   they spend 2.3 % of their gdp on it , compared to germany 's 1.4 % for example . 
  right , but germany does n't really have a credible military . 
   the rest of europe would be happy to let the ukraine and russia sort it out among themselves .
