  leftists are all crying fascism on svoboda and right sector because the conspiracy theory works that they 're implanted and paid by western imperialists to take over the nation and turn it into an oppressive puppet state . 
  so retarded ... 
  pipe down belgium ... 
  total war is total war matey , and precision bombing basically did n't work at that time . 
  ah right of course yes , this makes sense . 
  i 'd forgotten the bike and horsey related uses of it . 
  out of curiosity , why do you own armour ? 
  this is / r/europe , not / r/eu - we can show friendship to the people of ukraine without trying to push things one way or another as a collective . 
   the events in kyiv 's independence square have been planned in advance by the current opposition in ukraine , with their political masters from berlin and brussels . 
  they were publicly announced in march 2013 by the svoboda leader in an interview for a local paper . 
  in actuality , there is no revolution taking place in ukraine , but rather a political coup for regime-change -- clearing the way for fascist opposition parties and the eu to tighten their hold . 
  i lolled . 
  cheers pretzel , always appreciate a good laugh !, 
  true , but our military has been far , far more involved in afghan and iraq than yours has . 
  not slow , just a pro-communist zionist ( which is weird but hey ho ) . 
  as i 've pointed out , you make gross simplifications and then completely ignore any and all explanation which shows your simplistic view on issues to be shallow and unhelpful . 
  do you have a recent source for that ? 
  i 've seen you taking an excessively simplified version of events over the last week or so , several times , and i 'm concerned that you 've gotten half the idea but not the whole thing . 
   simply if the protestors win , then eastern ukraine will want to secede and join the customs union , while if yanukovich wins then western ukraine will likely secede . 
  it is not that clear cut . 
  the west is definitely quite strongly pro-eu , the east is ... mixed in its views . 
  overall there 's a definite majority of people who lean towards the eu when looking at the whole country , people in the east tend more to be ambivalent towards both sides , while people in the west tend to be quite firmly pro-eu . 
  i know you 're probably not intentionally distorting anything , but to paint this as two roughly even sides is not accurate . 
  it 's amazing that you get people * so * poorly aware of how the rest of the world views this subject that they make such claims with a straight face . 
  i mean , it sounds like a joke , people like laugh it 's a bad joke , but people like this mayor ( and i 've heard this other times before ) will make such absurd claims as this . 
  the ignorance is astonishing . 
  i did n't mate , but i quite believe you - hence why i squarely aimed my `` stop bitching '' comment at pretzpretz , who 's repeatedly claimed that svoboda are neo-nazis , despite in every situation people having shown his claim to be nonsense , and yet even after all of this , still whines as if all of us in this sub who have shown him his claim is nonsense are just some closet nazis or something equally absurd . 
  urgh , you can be a real retard 100 % of the time ... 
  it 's been quite clearly shown that they 're not neo-nazis . 
  that you continue to call them so despite having no useful evidence to show they are demonstrates that you are unwilling to change your opinion in the face of evidence , i.e. 
  you are closed minded . 
  carry on being a dickhead though . 
  look if you 're not going to accept peoples arguments , and you ca n't defeat them , do n't skulk around the bottom of the page whining , just leave the sub or actually start to be a bit more open minded , eh ? 
   again , they were warned and asked to evacuate . 
  oh right ok then !, 
  i 'll remember that the next time i want to murder 130 people . 
  tell them to leave first and it makes it all ok !, 
   it was n't a massacre , it was a battle during which occurred war crimes . 
  it was n't a holocaust , it was a few examples of soldiers misbehaving . 
  sound like bullshit ? 
  that 's because it is . 
  if you 're going to accept history , accept history . 
  everyone else calls it a massacre , you denying that just makes your bias obvious . 
   i understand that you can see better from the other side of europe , but i 'll keep my opinion and tired of arguing with you . 
  the feeling is more than mutual . 
  enjoy your compartmentalisation !, 
   king-davids was british military hq also an administrative hq , also just had a lot of people who were staying in the hotel . 
  hence 130 casualties , many of which were civilian . 
   about the massacre , sources please . 
  i 'm assuming you 've heard about it ? 
   if you sign a treaty with the devil the irony is strong in this one , given that you 're defending terrorism in palestine . 
  the mental leaps you must have to go through to defend any means necessary tactics at the same time as condemning them , to be outraged at those who committed genocide yet to claim others never occurred or were n't `` intentional '' . 
   he participated in massacres , ethnic cleanses and pogroms . 
  this is not proven actually . 
  we know some of his forces did so , we also know some of his forces sheltered jews at times . 
   and i ca n't remember etzel acting against civilians , but do enlighten me . 
  [ you 're pretty ignorant then . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_david_hotel_bombing ) . 
  they also entered a palestinian village this one time and massacred about 100 palestinians . 
  pretty active bunch !, 
   please do elaborate his resistance . . well , he sheltered jews from the nazis , and ended up going to a concentration camp himself due to his goals and nazi goals not co-inciding . 
   co-belligerent is a nice term , bu i prefer nazi-collaborationist . 
  sets the priority better . 
  well , yes , but it also makes you look like a bit of a child . 
  the finns are a good example of a case in which co-belligerance with the nazis occurred for what is generally considered to be a perfectly valid , logical , and moral reason . 
  you ca n't just boil it down to `` anyone who was n't opposed to the nazis was evil '' because there were other evil groups out there too , and some of them were a greater threat to some groups than the nazis were . 
   and there is nothing bad in being communist . 
  [ aaaaand we 're done here . 
  i was n't actually intending the question seriously , it was intended as a retort to his idiotic `` are you a bnp supporter too ? '', 
  question . 
  but why bother putting up with that which you do n't like when you can simply start screaming racism with your fingers in your ears , eh ? 
  ah do fuck off . 
  just because i wo n't see everything in black and white like you will does n't say anything about my political motivations . 
   and the finnish-soviet war has ended before the finns sided with the nazis . 
  that 's on that account . 
  which finnish-soviet war ? 
  you should probably be aware that there were two wars between the finns and soviets in ww2 if you 're going to start proclaiming things publicly . 
   svoboda regard bandera as a hero right , he fought for an independent ukranian homeland and did n't care who he stepped on in the pursuit of that goal . 
  [ remind you of any one ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irgun )  and his ` army ' took part in pogroms and massacres well , some members appear to have assisted the nazis . 
  that 's true . 
  it 's also known that he intentionally made his forces protect and hide jews . 
   which makes him nazi-collaborationist so i suppose he 's a nazi collaborationist and a nazi resistance fighter then . 
  how conflicted you must feel . 
   svoboda neonazi svoboda neo-nazi because they remember a man who at times was co-belligerent with the nazis . 
  well , to go back to my earlier , quite interesting example of jewish terrorism in palestine , stern was a member of the communist youth party , so let 's call him a communist and everyone who respects these early `` revolutionaries '' in palestine neo-communists . 
  fantastic , i 've just shown that basically every modern israeli political group is communist and that israel is a communist state . 
  or not , because that would be a completely fucking retarded claim to make , just like yours . 
  i like your name , and i know why i like it . 
  look , it 's just not as simple as you 're making out . 
  i get you 're on some mission and that 's fine , but it 's not that simple . 
  bandera was violently opposed to communism and soviet influence . 
  ukrainian nationalism was , at the time , not directly anti-jewish per se , and jews were allowed into the nationalist party . 
  the banderists * were * violently opposed to jews which they saw as being tools of the soviet government , but only as a result of their perception as being used by the soviet government to destabilise an independent ukraine . 
  yes , some members of the nationalist movement cooperated with the nazis , however it 's certainly not clear that this was as a result of bandera himself one bit . 
  it is known that at times his forces sheltered and aided jews . 
  so as i say , it 's complicated . 
  his organisation turned with the wind , based on what was perceived as good for ukraine , and probably based on various individuals aims . 
  if you refuse to see people 's commemoration of one of the few leaders of ukrainian nationalism who existed at a time when they were about to lose their sovereignty for yet another 50 years , based on the above , then i think you 're being intentionally blind . 
  history is complicated - do n't try to reduce everything to simple `` with us or against us '' bullshit . 
  well of course , i never said otherwise .
