  live feed here : http://www.ustream.tv/channel/euromajdan pretty depressing stuff to be honest . 
  holy shit that was 5 years ago ? 
  i 'm old . 
  seriously though , given how the greek anarchists and communists were behaving the police were going to start irrationally . 
  you ca n't throw petrol bombs at guys for weeks on end and not have one or two of them finally snap . 
  oh really ? 
  do you have a link to that for us ? 
  they have noon at 1330 ? 
  hard to believe there 's almost a million people living in kal-oblast . 
  it 's such a strange idea that there are a million russians just living in north central europe , hugely isolated from anyone else . 
  uuh ... think you might be backwards there buddy :p, 
  mmm . 
  i actually do n't think it should be , but that makes no difference on my judgement against the dude since i was casting a moral judgement not a legal one ( since , obviously , it 's not illegal to be a fascist ) . 
   this is a matter for the police , not for reddit it would appear to be so , yes . 
  debatable . 
  a key component of fascism is certainly a complete and forceful intolerance for any deviation from the delineated normal social views . 
  no actually my point was that someone who thinks that an expression of ideas , satirical or otherwise , should be a criminal offence is a fascist . 
  because this nasty wee fascist does n't like others having different opinions from him , and thinks the police should be used to punish them for saying these things he does n't like . 
  yes but they also get sluttier so it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  i know all about it matey , but they 're ukrainians now , just russian speaking ukrainians . 
  i know it sucks , but you ca n't just say they 're not because their great great great grandfathers were ordered to move to eastern ukraine . 
  not to disagree with your sentiment , but by that metric half of the east of ukraine would be traitors . 
  the north is recovering and the south 's nose-dive has levelled out to an extent . 
  the pain is n't over but things are improving in the north , and while the south is still essentially fucked it 's not rapidly becoming more fucked any more , and hopefully as the north continues to improve that will have a cumulative effect on countries like spain and italy . 
  the three main economies of europe are no longer in recession , with two of them experiencing mild growth . 
  the north east is powering along on its way to wealth and prosperity with growth rates matching there matching contraction rates in the south . 
  even greece has seen its gdp shrinkage go from 6.4 % last year to 3 % this year . 
  that 's still a 3 % contraction in their economy , but this systemic reform could prove to be precisely what greece required to actually have a profitable and functional economy in a few years time . 
  it 's far away , it 's not really known for anything except being something to do with the soviet union , and that 's about it . 
  the fact that it 's a large vibrant country of 50 million people doing their best to ensure they have a brighter future is ... well , few care . 
  ah it wo n't happen any time soon , even though the required sums would be tiny , no eu nation is in a generous mood right now after the southern and irish bailouts . 
  it 's been a very expensive few years for us all . 
  that said , things are improving , and will continue to improve , and within a few years ( 4-8 ) i 'd expect the eu will start to look at expansion and investment in potential members again . 
  let 's face it , there 's still a good number of nations not in the eu which in the long term probably will be . 
  yours is one of them . 
  you could make a good argument that the building belongs to them . 
  eiw ... life must be tough . 
  i hope he 's at least russian then , that way i can * kind * of understand . 
  i suspect you 're wrong there . 
  there are fewer than 4 million of you , that 's a small enough number that you can quite easily be incorporated into the eu in a few years time if moldova desires that . 
  i ca n't say there 's much reason * to * have moldova , but then there 's not really much * not * to either - and any enlargement widens our borders and forces national politicians to behave slightly better , so there 's that . 
  you would have actually wanted to say eu neo-nazis there for that to really make sense . 
  that said , lets not be childish , it 's a political union , there are n't any tanks charging over the danube . 
  go away troll . 
  this is n't the place for you . 
  we * really * do n't have you buddy . 
  you 're a huge country man , 320 million people . 
  that 'd be like hating everyone in the eu . 
  just because your politicians sometimes do some boneheaded things that are n't popular does n't mean that anyone has a beef with puerscelestus or any other american . 
  jackblack 's just a wanker that 's all . 
  indeed , 18 % of the planet is part of the 5 eyes alone . 
  that 's not including places like india , half of africa , etc. 
  ah just because you lot had some bad experiences empire building !, 
  well of course we do . 
  people speaking english have been firmly in control of this planet for 300 years , and it 's not showing any serious signs of changing because our cultural influence keeps expanding . 
  well , consider it a cumulative vent from the many , many other americans i 've seen make this ridiculous claim as a reaction to any non-positive words regarding the us at all . 
  oh fuck off , you clearly are by the fact that i just did . 
  some of you yanks are so fucking sensitive about yankistan 's image around the world that anything less than us all lining up so you can watch us orgasm over the us flag gets your back against the wall . 
  chill the fuck out , we really do n't care enough about the us to downvote its every mention . 
  there are always going to be differences . 
  essentially all metals are traded in london ( like ,  99 % iirc ) and yes for a couple of years some people were predicting an overtake due to london 's simpler legislation and companies confidence that the uk government would n't breath down their neck and fuck their shit up to the same degree , but i think that 's partially passed and they 're pretty much just going along as even again . 
  more potatoes though . 
  it 's generally considered to be joint first with nyc ( basing that on having family members in the industry ) . 
  it was inevitable . 
  i 've argued for years on reddit that we need actual freedom of speech in the uk and people do n't give a fuck about it . 
  they * do not want * to live in a country where anyone can say anything because they 're worried about civilised and polite society more than government oppression or censorship - and as a result we end up like this . 
  brits wo n't give a fuck about freedom of expression until it 's far , far too late . 
  so fat . 
  we are not an attractive nation . 
   gdp ppp per capita ( excluding 60-80 % of most of the economies ) ftfy, 
  pretty sure austria was . 
  the magyar langauge was considered to be relatively ... ethnic , towards the end of the empires days at least , if i understand correctly . 
  i know , but it 's not total shite so i figured i 'd mention it, 
  yes , quite a few . 
  that said we have plenty of our own microbreweries , normal breweries , and large breweries that make beer which is n't complete shit . 
  so while i 'll occasionally buy some nevada or blue moon or random smaller beers when i 'm in the uk , there are a huge number of uk and euro beers i can buy which are also awesome . 
  i ca n't say that for the us , which is , at least in my opinion , still in a relatively early stage of good beer culture development ( not to be negative , it 's coming along promisingly , but there is a * long * way to go ), 
  the vast majority of american beer drunk is swinepiss . 
  i say this as someone who 's in america . 
  in the upmarket joints i can get european beer and decent us microbrews - but largely what is drunk and sold is shockingly bad tasteless pale lagers . 
  my experience so far with american opinions on beer is that people in the us seem to think that now that the us has a growing microbrew industry that somehow the average us beer is good . 
  it 's not . 
  microbrewing is great , but most us beer ( by volume ) is still utter shite . 
  do n't rally against their actions though , rally against their existence . 
  if you were n't 100 % as opposed to them before you heard this as you are now , then you either were or still are naive . 
  what 's to react to ? 
  if they exist they will do stuff like this . 
  everything written in the grauniad should be taken with a large handful of salt . 
  tea is quintessentially british dude . 
  gods , you need to stick smilies on everything these days . 
  it 's like communicating with readers of the sun . 
  [ firstly ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/cornwall/6144460.stm ) secondly : of course they 're called fucking cornish pasties , there 's not a person on this big island that does n't know that . 
  the entire * point * behind my post was that cornwall and devon have a historic rivalry going on , and coupled with the above information ( which was n't necessary but adds to the impact ) , my statement was intended as a humorous dig at cornish in the same vein as one would jokingly correct someone who said `` cambridge is the best university in the uk '' by saying `` you misspelt oxford '' , or by calling a liverpudlian a geordie . 
  a joke based on historical and jovial rivalry . 
  jesus ... this place just goes further and further downhill . 
  that 's devon mate ... 
   we seem to be doing fine without selling our soul to big business . 
  that 's cute if you really believe that . 
   the cold war and the need for american military in europe was purely of america 's making . 
  steady on there old chap , that 's not really correct .
