  no , being active means doing more than just than constantly complaining about stuff being against our interests without actually setting out better plans . 
  you hear the government moaning about how it 'll safeguard uk interests , and saying nothing more . 
  does the uk support national consensus as per the french , or a new treaty as per the germans ? 
  do we have another suggestion ? 
  of course we fucking do n't . 
  the only reason we 're ever at the table is to make sure no-one does anything that might harm our interests , and not a thing more . 
  then it will have to be undone . 
  no sane politician in this country will bother with a referendum , because we already know the answer to any and all referendums on the eu . 
  it is pointless , and furthermore , it is dangerous . 
  a referendum on anything important with regards to the eu can never happen . 
  honestly i think another treaty could be gotten through without the public objecting too much . 
  that said , a major treaty will take at least a decade to develop , and is no solution to current problems . 
  it 's just a pretend solution . 
  you realise we 're fucked if the euro goes down right ? 
  this is not a game we can suddenly declare we 're not playing any more . 
  our fates are handcuffed together , and all we 're doing is yanking in the opposite direction from where everyone else is going once in a while . 
   so trying to stop something that would detrimental to the uk is n't being active ? 
  right , but saving the euro is n't detrimental to the uk . 
  it 's just the possibilities for saving the euro are varied , and the uk has no say in which options are picked . 
  not just because it 's not a member , but because it 's refused to participate in any way with the eu for the last decade or so , except to howl about safeguarding its own interests any time anything potentially threatening to british politicians or the plebs pops up . 
  being active does n't mean mindlessly going along with what others are doing , being active means taking more of a role than just waiting for everyone else to suggest a possible course of action and then going `` but it 's baaaaad for us !, 
  you 're stealing our sovereignty '' . 
  honestly , if i were a national of any other eu country i 'd want the uk to fuck right off - and i 'm embarrassed to say that those who feel that way are perfectly right to . 
  if we would actually take an active role in the uk it would n't be a case of us and europe , it would be a case of us in europe . 
  attitudes like your own are exactly the reason we 've ended up in this powerless but dependent position . 
  surely that all depends on negotiations ? 
  it seems like some parties are pushing for an extensive 27-wide treaty , some are pushing for an extensive 17-wide treaty , and others are pushing for a fairly limited set of reform for the 27 . 
  while i think the first option is the least likely due to there being next to no chance of getting the uk , irish , and nl governments to agree to another major treaty within the next decade , it does seem to be on the table at least . 
  while in general i think cameron ai n't so great , i do agree with the resistance toward a financial transactions tax . 
  that 's just continental europe pushing for a tax that will barely effect them - it 's a tax on britain and it 's deeply unfair . 
  it 's being suggested because we 're the only ones with a v. large finance industry , and i think that it 's quite obvious that popular sentiment against the finance industry is the only reason anyone in the uk would put up with that crap . 
  that said , the uk public has gotten the uk into the political position it 's in right now . 
  by opposing the union so thoroughly at every single stage , our integration with it has been lessened , our participation in instruments of the eu has been minimised . 
  we simply lack power , contacts , friends , at this stage . 
  so we 're left with the two unpalatable options of just bending over and taking it from the germans - having one of our core industries taxed to pay far more than our share in europe . 
  but the other option is getting to input nothing to the process , and just having to hope that everything turns out ok in the long run , with a uk which becomes an outsider to at least the central eurozone . 
  non-participation due to public ill-will has screwed us , and because now that we 're screwed , the plebs will resent the eu for that , and desire even less participation - like an arm which does n't want to be part of a body . 
  it 's going to get worse . 
  edit : perhaps worth commenting , that while the article states that the french and germans will do whatever the hell they want , it 's not quite true . 
  sarkozy is making serious efforts to actually fix thing , but merkel is just reacting to public opinion , and it 's that public opinion which seems to be running the whole show right now . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say glasgow also . 
  it 's actually a pretty cool place these days . 
  no-one goes to hull . 
  well , the fate of the eurozone basically depends on their will and actions at this point . 
  so , most important two countries , yes . 
  can we get rid of this childish bullshit combining of sarkozy and merkel please , as if they 're a tag-team aiming for the same goals ? 
  they 're very definitely aiming for different things , they just happen to work together a lot because they 're by far the two most important countries in the eurozone . 
  seriously , it 's fucking childish . 
  you can cite examples of police in non-violent situations running away from political youth group members ? 
  as in say , a policeman running away from an irate member of the young scottish conservatives ? 
  no ... did n't think so . 
  and now you understand how the world feels about 21st century russia . 
  you , too , should watch the linked video . 
  first 2-3 minutes shows the sort of cooperation that exists between nashi and the regular police . 
  a policeman running away from a member of nashi ? 
  what sort of country has policemen running away from harmless political youth groups ? 
   nashi have `` arresting powers '' ?!? 
  really ? 
  lol !, 
  yup , there is a documentary entitled : `` russia : vlad 's army '' , in a series named `` unreported world '' . 
  you can view it [ here ( this link is the best i could do ) . 
  ] ( http://eztvstream.com/documentaries/unreported-world-\u2013-russia-vlad\u2019s-army-2011 ) if you skip to 3.30 you will see a very interesting scene , if you are truly impatient ( that 's fine ) , then skip to minute 5 . 
  it will take 20 seconds to hear a young russian woman who is a member of nashi explaining that she has the power of arrest . 
  no true scotsman would eat haggis while wearing underpants !, 
   hey give shelter to every oligarch gangster and chechen terrorist they can . 
  we try at least !, 
  putin still has n't taken up our offer though ... 
  yeah , all those moderate party thugs who remove posters , execute uncomplimentary journalists , and flat out beat people up - not to mention their youth wing with arresting powers who imprison those who do not pay bribes to the right people , and have so many connections to gangsterist security services that even the police are scared of them . 
  comparing these two nations is utterly ignorant , and quite wrong . 
   in the longer run cheap transportation will most likely be a thing of the past . 
  hah , no . 
  not a chance . 
  the world runs on cheap transportation , and there are many options for cheap ( maybe not as cheap , but cheap ) transportation out there . 
   farms are private businesses and farmers are land owners ( mostly ) . 
  i do n't see any reason fro them to be treated any differently from common workers . 
  because farmers for the most part lack transferable skills , and are poorly suited to the job market . 
  think of it , in the uk alone there are half a million farmers . 
  what would happen if 500,000 people with no skills beyond farming go out of work instantly ? 
  500,000 people on social benefits , obviously . 
  probably for most of the rest of their lives in many cases . 
  better to encourage their kids into other industries , and prop up the gap between their earnings and a living wage , than to have millions of europeans on benefits with no work prospects . 
  true , but for the time being we have lots of people working in the industry , and it makes more sense to gradually wind down non-viable agricultural activities over the course of at least a generation or two , supporting the non-viable ones with subsidies , so that we see a generational transition from farmers to their kids going into viable areas of industry and manufacturing . 
  rather than just putting millions of people out of work tomorrow , and having them all jumping on benefits for the rest of their lives . 
  well , while i doubt that italy is massively more or less civilised than it 's neighbours in any overarching way , i would say that a good legal system takes into account cultural systems and ingrained aversions and finds ways to combat the habits of the culture which are not conducive to good society . 
  it seems that overhaul and drastic reform would be in order . 
  plenty of countries manage their tax systems well , with relatively low levels of tax evasion . 
  rapid reform , simplification , and then application of case law to gradually re-complicate the legal system over time where injustices exist might be in order . 
  oh not this again . 
  this is what many greeks said !, 
  `` why should i pay all my taxes ? 
  no-one else does , i 'd be so much poorer if i paid my taxes , so i just wo n't pay them '' . 
  but do you want your roads and your police and your government ? 
  yes of course . 
  your state ** massively ** supports your entire existence , and if you do n't recognise that it 's through ignorance and nothing else . 
  thank goodness there appears to be groups forming which are trying to force proper payment of taxation in italy . 
  as for over-taxation , if you want a certain level of services you have to have a certain level of taxation to pay for that . 
  the average worker in italy is legally required to pay lower tax levels than france or germany ( oecd factbook 2010 ) , yet your gdp per capita is not massively lower than say , frances . 
  in short , pay your god damn taxes . 
  agreed , incredibly stupid comments . 
  i suppose it is the washington post though .
