  i 'm sure they hate the associated culture too , but their premise is that even outside of that culture the people of this specific colour will be inferior due to their race . 
  part of the widespread objection to something like racism ( besides the fact that it 's scientifically wrong ) is that to be opposed to a specific people in spite of any choices they did or did not make is bad . 
  europeans and americans did n't ship black people to africa for centuries because of their culture , they did it because they were black , and therefore were considered to be inferior . 
  edit : also cheers for the downvote !, 
  stifling discussion and what not . 
  can you offer a reason why you have a problem with the opinions people are expressing in this thread ? 
  for example , specific or general opinions being given , combined with the reason you object to them ? 
  telling people they 're saying disgusting things does n't stop them saying things , convincing them they 're wrong stops them saying things . 
  could you explain why you think this , so as to add more to the thread than mere disapproval ? 
   do the roma who stick in one place end up more successful or ` tied in ' so to speak with the local populace ? 
  yes . 
  i know people with gypsy blood in 'em ( from different parents of europe an ' all ) . 
  they 're standard members of society just like every other person living the standard day to day life . 
  those who escape the culture and adopt their country 's culture even out , as would be expected . 
  the problem is n't roma , it 's the ordinary roma way of life in europe . 
  i do n't subscribe to the idea that we should try to get rid of the roma ( because it 's genocidal and wrong ) , but i do subscribe to the idea that their culture is going to have to change , because what had initially become out-dated and ill suited to the modern world , has now become moderately well suited to the modern world in all the wrong ways . 
  it 's not racism . 
  it 's not about colour of skin or phenotypical features , it 's about culture . 
  i 'm not saying automatic discrimination against a culture set is any better than a gene set , just that it 's a distinct thing , and should be evaluated outside of the term `` racism '' . 
  yes indeed it was , good catch . 
  quite . 
   some scotch git can rack 50 % onto our national debt have you heard of the big ol' e [ recession ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008\u20132012_global_recession ) which is going on ? 
  i think that might something to do with the massive increase in debt , not just the fact that we had a prime minister at the time who you did n't like . 
  brit here . 
  big envy if you have n't noticed the difference . 
  my rent has n't gone up , my bills have . 
  that 's increased my monthly rent + bills by 12 % , that is , it 's knocked 10 % off what i have for food and other life activities . 
  that 's a lot to me , in 2 years , in which time my income has n't gone up at all . 
  back in '08 i lived fairly nicely for a student . 
  now , i scrape by , rely on debt , and can never afford anything other than day to day living stuff . 
  life has certainly changed here in the last 4 years . 
  we 're much better at the latter than the former . 
  so you do think it 's cool to make fun of disabilities ? 
  awesome . 
  i know i 'm supposed to be surprised an appalled , but has anyone met a roma gypsy with a job ? 
  i do n't * want * this to be the situation we 're in , but it appears to be the case that it is . 
  the roma form a serious problem for the eu . 
  how do you integrate a people who appear to not want to be integrated , and yet leave , in general , fairly poor lives as it is ? 
  now now , no need to make fun of a man 's disability , unless you 're that sort of person , in which case i 'm sure the bnp would love to have you . 
  you 're not really supposed to enjoy in these circumstances , you pay attention for a couple of seconds , nod or salute , and then turn and walk on . 
  the uk is very much on the fence for now . 
  i forget where , but there was a defence article recently which made the argument that the uk was intentionally staying on the fence so that , if the eu failed then it could cuddle back up the us and make the transatlantic alliance something once again , fully committed to the yankees for the future . 
  it then went on to argue that if the us declined in a serious manner , and the eu was to stay together and powerful , that we would jump the other way and get stuck in to the eu , reliant on the fact that we ca n't * not * be important within it , purely due to our population and gdp . 
  interesting argument , at the very least . 
  whether this has been a conscious policy on the part of the rulers for the last 50 years , or just a situation we 've found ourselves in through inaction and playing it safe , the end result appears to be the same , that we 're well placed to go either way in the next 25 years depending on how things turn out . 
  did n't we invade you in ww2 as well ? 
  stealing only if you apply the current borders retroactively . 
  nevertheless , the icelandic coast guard 's cutting off the nets was considered pretty unfriendly , if not terror inducing , by the trawlermen . 
  yeah , i 've been told there is evidence , but i have n't looked into it and i do n't really take it as myth or historically viable yet . 
  one interesting thing i suppose is that finns are about 80 % genetically similar to europeans , that number is a lot higher in areas of higher mixing ( the south ) . 
  that might provide some evidence for the idea that finns started off with a different gene pool , although i do n't suppose it matters greatly anyway . 
  i suppose it just made explaining the finno ugric language family more easy . 
  arabs yes . 
  indians too . 
  the whole terminology is nonsense , since there are no distinct groups , there is n't and never was the `` racial purity '' that the racist idiots so idolise . 
  we 're all mongrels . 
  i was n't meaning this finn seriously thought no italians shared european genes or anything , just that they found it absurd that this italian was complaining about brown people . 
  i still have finns tell me they may be descended from mongolians . 
  tell that to the british trawlermen of the 1970 's . 
  well , i think people hold ( unimportant ) impressions about this which are not equivalent across all europe . 
  i was talking to a finn who mentioned they found it really funny when they came across a racist italian one time , because they were thinking the whole time `` why are you ripping on brown people , you 're one of them '' . 
  perceptions of what is and is n't white vary , because the term is only loosely defined . 
  surely that is the simple case that they will not be allowed to stay on the euro if they can not pay their bills , and will be forced out ? 
  no , only a fool would . 
  america is a shitty neighbour and ally , but russia is an enemy . 
  they behave in a belligerent and hostile way toward their neighbours , have a dictator ( crowned again just yesterday with 104 % of the vote or whatever numbers they made up ) and are clearly desirous of regaining their empire . 
  edit : why the deletion ? 
  that was a fine question i thought : /, 
   i 'd hate for finland to down again with another fascist dictatorship . 
  another ? 
   nordic alliance that 'd last all of 5 minutes in the event of a large or world war with a major power . 
   russia is having problems of its own and is unlikely to go against europe which is why finland bought a huge number of mines for the russian border before they were banned , right ? 
  because they 're not going to do anything ? 
  no-one trusts russia , and that 's sensible . 
  they 're gon na do something to achieve something . 
  possibly a good something . 
  mathematically it 's equivalent , yes , but in terms of adhering to standards within science ( and i presume engineers also now do it too ) you need to use exponents , not slash 's . 
  did you read the comment before asking what kph stood for ? 
  damn guys ... context ... 
  you have my apologies sir , i am indeed guilty there . 
  km/h is now to be avoided , according to modern conventions . 
  signed , a scientist , 
  much obliged , 
  please to be not mixing up british and english . 
  that 's a bit like mixing up spanish and portuguese . 
  quite so , and yet , the real pint has become very chic in europe . 
  in finland they now sell expensive as christ 568ml cans of beer , they cost way more than it would cost to make a pint from 330ml cans , but they are cool . 
  we have to remember that as british people , we have the biggest drinks bar the germans when they 're being lairy , and that makes the good old proper pint very cool . 
  there 's no reason we need lose that . 
  british here : 568 sounds fine to me . 
  so long as the `` pint '' is n't eurocised to the 500ml like in most eu countries than i 'm happy as can be . 
  i do n't give a fuck what it 's called , i 'll call it a pint regardless , and so long as i get a 568ml glass filled to the top , i could n't give a fuck . 
  as has been pointed out before , all this nonsense about keeping the pound cos its well british innit etc. 
  is just that : nonsense . 
  the pound , since 1971 , has essentially been the british dollar , nothing like the pound that we had for hundreds of years . 
  there 's no more tradition in the pound as we know it other than in the name . 
  no-one 's talking about getting rid of the good ol' 568 my good fellow . 
  i 'm massively pro-metric and i 'll it a pint 'till i 'm 1.82 meters under , because that 's what it is . 
  happy for it to be exactly 568 ml and they can call it what they want . 
  canucks work in kph ?
