  we now have 1.5 million of these people , and despite many having not integrated or adopted our culture ( or even learned english ) , they are too settled for us to have any ability to send them back to pakistan or bangladesh , so we 're kind of screwed . 
  the best we can do is try our best to force them to integrate and become just-another-brit and not let in any more . 
  the british left has never hated anyone as much as they hate thatcher though , so , it just kind of gets passed down that she was the most evil person to exist ever and it becomes dogma . 
  journalist . 
  if you look at the other side of the gate there are several more . 
  votes for what ? 
  of course it 's propaganda . 
  that family look like a nice polite , slightly confused family . 
  they 're white , the kids are scared , there are kids full stop . 
  [ remember to feel bad for having borders . 
  ] ( http://cdn.breitbart.com/mediaserver/breitbart/breitbart-london/2014/05/31/african-immigration-europe-ap.jpg ), 
  if germany has no problem then germany can take ours . 
   quite hilarious to see brits who want none of that dirty free movement of people getting angry because the dirty french who go against holy free movement of goods . 
  destruction of property is the issue here ... also , many of us brits are fully in favour of freedom of movement within the eu . 
  time for the bef to go and raze some fields . 
  vandalism and destruction of the property of others is * never * right . 
  time for a joint maltese-latvian military response . 
  for too long the frogs have held sway , it 's time for a new dominant power in the continent . 
  yar , i upgoated your thatcher post . 
  sarko was supposed to be their thatcher but he turned out to be a raging cuckold . 
  it 's amazing what redditors will defend in their blind hatred for a woman who was pm 20 years before they were born . 
  except any other wine ... 
  have you attracted enough lovelies that you get downvoted for every post too frankeh ? 
  i had to kick this up just to make it 0 . 
  everyone is not , just a few peoples . 
  i understood what you meant , and i do n't even speak dutch !, 
  you do n't read more than the abstract of a paper dude , that 's not how academia works !, 
  i actually agree . 
  the [ topic has been studied ] ( http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s101010200051 ) and it does seem that corruption and population size are n't tangibly correlated . 
  that said , horg was n't referencing corruption , he was referencing equality and the relative `` normalness '' of politicians in finland , which is true imo , and partly a product of country size . 
  the population is low , which is what horg meant , and how one would normally interpret such a description of a country . 
   personally i barely know anyone that has ever cheated . 
  you know lots of people who 've cheated , you just do n't know you know . 
  why ? 
  as a scot ... open it up . . see `` england '' ... sigh . 
  that 'll be the uk then . 
  getting this wrong makes people seem painfully ignorant . 
  i am not an american , just a dude whose job it is to get the black stuff out of the dirt . 
  oh yeah for sure , cz is up and coming and is actually becoming somewhere that westerners who would n't think about moving to `` poor '' countries would now consider going to , because ultimately it 's approaching southern europe salaries with eastern europe prices . 
  if my work asked me to move there i 'd happily do so for a few years . 
  unlikely though ... unless you guys strike oil . 
  let 's see now : [ average gross salary czk 24,061 / $ 972 / $ 1,299 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_czech_republic ) [ average gross salary $ 2,752 / $ 3,508 , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_republic_of_ireland ) so ... yes ... it is . 
  do n't go assuming that ppp per cap = salary . 
  right , the point being that irish people are unlikely to move to a place where the average income is 1/3rd of what they 're used to . 
  i could get a job in china and earn # 200 a month very easily , but i would n't even if unemployed in the uk because i do n't want to earn that little , even in a place with low living costs . 
  indeed so , which is why maps like these are a bit silly but they do still have value . 
  the value of a map like this is to show income inequality within individual states , but to take this as a map of wealth or wellbeing would be foolish . 
  kind of ... but the average irish person earns three times the gross salary of the average czech . 
  they did , however spain seemed to have become very much a far leftists vs. far rightists problem back then , and neither side was really preferable . 
  would we have wanted to hand the far left power and probably end up with a soviet neighbour to the south , encircling the western democracies , or did we want a fascist power allied with the germans , doing a similar thing ? 
  neither was beneficial , and the idea that there would have been some benign democratic government if the leftists had won is , i believe , naive . 
  genuinely do n't get how this is a fuck up at all . 
  well ... given that the alternative was almost certainly spain joining the ussr ... yeah , probably . 
  agreed , she spoke honestly and in a way that was understandable to a child . 
  cameron would have given some hand wavey feel good answer which dodged the question and made the kid smile but would n't have been truthful - if you 'd have even gotten him into a q&a session with immigrant children , which i doubt . 
  it 's not very good . 
  there was a reasonablely large deal in the works with china some years ago to export lots of greek wine to china because everyone in europe knows enough about wine to stay away from greek wine . 
   what was the referendum for ? 
  a lot of people have asked this question ... 
  it 's really scary that the people on the ground are getting no support on this , and the people in athens , brussels , paris , berlin , london etc. 
  do n't seem to have any plan for what to do . 
  this is changing fairly rapidly tbh . 
  i used to use stone now i use kg , and most people under 30 seem to have made the switch , or know both . 
  well , / r/europe is n't normally a sub full of picture submissions of vaguely interesting facts posted by people chasing karma . 
  ken ? 
  who in christ 's name thinks 1600 eur pensions are affordable for a nation ? 
  the maximum uk state pension is $ 650 per month , and we 're * way * richer than greece . 
  mmm , there was a huge amount of inefficiency in the greek state , and many of the measures adopted by greece * have * worked in the other `` piigs '' states . 
  the us has a fairly weak currency tbh , but yes i take your point . 
  it 's hard to know what would be best for greece right now , clearly it should n't have gained entry to the euro and that not getting entry would have been better for everyone , especially the greek people , but what is best now is hard to fathom . 
  oh indeed , but much of the `` greek shipping industry '' is actually owned by german companies . 
  the number one flag of convenience is actually panama , i believe liberia is more common for us vessels to use . 
  i once worked on a vessel which was registered in vanuatu , which i thought was kinda cool . 
  no i did n't . 
  i never said that ... 
  to say they did n't feel like it is n't really accurate . 
  greece had further to recover and more to fix than any other nation . 
  well on that basis you could argue the greeks should entirely abolish their military , which is plainly ridiculous . 
  germany should be spending more money on their defence * as well * as lending greece money , not instead of . 
  yeah i know all about greece 's shipping industry , but that accounts for less than 5 % of their gdp . 
  i recall reading the greek shipping industry is somewhat exaggerated in size , as the greek flag is frequently used for convenience . 
  oh , perhaps , i just figured we 'd be focussing on what 's good for greece , since . . y' know , they 're about to be reamed . 
  indeed , greece is heavily reliant upon oil imports , i ca n't see it being easy to achieve good economic growth if the price of fuel cripples the economy even further . 
  domestic consumption is important in overall economic terms but a country as small and lacking in resources in greece needs to export more . 
  it 's not undemocratic to stop lending someone money . 
  did n't we have to lend you loads of money at really low rates to stop your economy collapsing ? 
  right , but we ( the rest of us ) would n't . 
  the likely impending greek default is now happening at a time when portugal , italy , ireland , countries that were dying on their arses 5 years ago are now finally getting growth . 
  it 's important to remember that 5 years ago we were worried about greek collapse because it had the potential to knock out half of the economies in southern europe and either cause a north/south split in the euro or just the end of the euro entirely . 
  by keeping greece going for these 5 years , they had a chance to rescue their economy ( which unfortunately has n't worked ) and other economies have had time to build and grow and become less vulnerable to the hit which we 're probably all about to take . 
   the troika has always linked the bailout and its extensions to incredibly severe austerity measures , thereby effectively distorting the democratic process . 
  how is that distorting the democratic process in any way ? 
  although there is the issue of , exports of what ? 
  greece exports less than belarus , and less than nz , a country half its size . 
  they do n't * make * enough stuff . 
  greece is meeting it 's obligations with regards to spending . 
  that other nations are n't is n't a good argument for them cutting defence . 
  it 's like one anorexic pointing to an anorexic who only weighs 30 kg and saying `` see , i 'm 40 kg , i could still lose more ! '', 
  quick , time to invade again !, 
  everyone i 've spoken to says that visiting muslim countries in ramadan is the worst time to visit them , which always made sense to me .
