  we are too small , too developed , too few . 
  we must ( and will , i 'm happy to say ) form a new country with our fellow europeans . 
   `` racism '' no longer refers exclusively to genetic heritage . 
  says you , and a few others , but not many . 
  the majority of people use that word to mean discrimination based on the colour of skin , or at least phenotypic features . 
  you can use it your way if you want , but you wo n't be using it the way most others are . 
   ethnography does not deal with genetics , but with groups of people ( be those groups based on race , gender , sexuality , culture , ... ) . 
  yes , but unfortunately most people associate ethnicity with race , not with culture . 
  i mean few would argue that wicca is an ethnicity , despite many wiccans have their own ( absurd ) culture . 
  when it comes down to it : yes , i 'm going to make value judgements about other cultures and unlike the colour of ones skin , culture does affect how a person is and how they behave . 
  this is undeniable . 
  on this basis , i will make generalised assumptions about people based on what culture they are from . 
  not `` black people are no good '' or `` white people are ugly '' . 
  * that * is racism , and is incredibly irrational and stupid . 
  not really . 
  i mean as such the holocaust obviously required the indoctrination of a few million people to carry it out actively or at least be complicit , but that 's a human frailty , that we can allow ourselves to be brainwashed en mass essentially . 
  as i said elsewhere , ethnocentrism is n't the perfect term , culturo-centrim would be but it 's really clunky and i do n't like using it . 
  what term do you suggest ? 
  buddy , i 'm not blaming it on race . 
  not at all . 
  no more than i 'd blame breivik on race grounds . 
  i 'm blaming this on culture . 
  come to the uk , we 'll fix that for you ... 
  i would . 
  not immediately , but by 2020 at the latest . 
   the eu does n't have to become a country . 
  what 's the benefit ? 
  numerous benefits . 
  consolidation of power , increase in efficiency of trade , lower overall military spending for a considerably more effective military ( currently we spend the equivalent to the entire gdp of finland on 27 militaries , 25 of which are varying levels of useless ) , not to mention the eu 's strong track record of protecting the rights of its citizenry where national governments have failed . 
  ultimately though the world is becoming made up of countries much larger than any eu country , the usa , india , economic blocks like asean , ecowas , mercosaur . 
  if we want to stay able to deal with them on an equal footing we need that bulk too . 
   your vote is now worth even less than it used to be . 
  no , it 's not , because though there are more people , there is more power and money . 
   there are so many different ideas and cultures that i do n't think it would work ( assuming i even wanted it to ) . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  the united kingdom works and we have different ideas and different political cultures . 
   the cap is n't going anywhere . 
  i never said the cap was going to be gone in 5 years , i said in a generation , that was quite important so i hope you got that . 
  employment in agriculture falling is * precisely * what we want , a slow and sound transition for the few percent of the eu population who work in agriculture into either very high efficiency profitable farming , or out of agriculture into other professions . 
   let 's not beat around the bush ; it 's more likely that france just wants to maintain it 's own interests . 
  inevitably so , the french are very individualist within the eu . 
  that does not mean that their own interests do not accord with our own though , which in this case they do , at least for the time being . 
   do n't forget that these subsidies which allow the eu to sell us food at competitive prices are all paid for by us ... 
  so we 're giving the eu money in order for it to give us food discounts . 
  no no no , these are not food discounts . 
  you do n't seem to understand . 
  we pay money to our governments , who give it to the eu , who give it to farmers . 
  we pay * more * for the food precisely because if at the supermarket you could buy the # 1 argentine beef or the # 5 german beef then german farmers would be out of business in a week . 
  obviously the disparity is nowhere near this big , but the whole point is that we pay * more * for food in order to ensure a stable generational transition for farmer 's children towards professions and roles in society which are profitable in a globalised world . 
  you have to consider the product of maybe 4-5 % of the households in the eu waking up overnight to unemployment . 
  farmers tend to lack university degrees , are increasingly middle aged , and have , frankly , as a group , poor prospects for re-employment , especially in the economy as it stands . 
  given that children of unemployed people have considerably worse outcomes than children of families where one or more parent is working , it 's far better to subsidise these farms for a generation , ensure that their kids are more likely to grow up to be succesfull ( although not farmers ) and then gradually close down the cap over maybe a 15-20 year period allowing farmers left to consolidate into massive high efficiency farms as others sell . 
  there is a lot of wisdom in this policy , it 's just it ca n't be openly explained to the people of the eu because essentially what it 's doing is ensuring that the death of mass agriculture in the eu is less painful than it would otherwise be . 
   you ca n't seriously tell me that voting truly gives each person the same power ? 
  it 's shown so beautifully in the usa 's past election . 
  sorry , in what regard ? 
   a maltan having 176 times the ` voting power ' of a german is n't ridiculous . 
  it absolutely is . 
  that 's completely undemocratic . 
   on the unsc the uk has infinitely more voting power than india . 
  is that fair ? 
  many would argue no , although the unsc was never set up to be a system of univeral suffrage based on right to self-determination , it 's a part of an io which placed the most powerful nations on the planet into a council in order to safeguard the security of the earth . 
  i 'm afraid the comparison just does n't work . 
   votes do n't have to be based on population , it drowns out the little guys . 
  i do n't understand how you can justify this , but then i realise that 's because you 're thinking of countries . 
  i 'm not , i 'm thinking of people . 
  forget the idea of nation states within the eu for a second , each person is a citizen , and people will vote for what 's best for * them * , not for their country . 
  there are no small guys or big guys , there 's just 500 million people . 
  the fact that countries exist within it still means that individual interests may correlate with those of the country , but they are not the same thing , and the faster we get away from nation state interests determining individual interests the better . 
   what i want to see in the eu is a celebration of the little guys just as much as the big guys . 
  then adopt my stance . 
  the littlest guy is the individual . 
   i do n't enjoy the idea of centralised monetary policy / the euro , i do n't enjoy having non-members of our country voting on laws which affect us but it affects them as residents of the country . 
  for eu nationals now getting citizenry of a different eu country is borderline pointless . 
  once they 're resident , there 's no reason they should n't be voting on matters in a country they might pay tax in the rest of their lives . 
  furthermore , a country needs a centralised monetary policy and a single currency , and the eu is becoming a country . 
  i 'd say it was perhaps rushed into , but it has to happen eventually . 
   i do n't like the idea of the cap ( if the eu is supposed to promote free trade , why are we trying so hard to limit imports ? ), 
  the unfortunate thing about cap is that the honest reason it 's there is to prevent mass unemployment , because essentially subsidisation of uneconomic farms for a generation is better than having millions of unemployed people for many generations ( unemployment and underachievement is , cruely , an inheritable trait ) . 
  it also serves to ensure food security , but i agree it 's protectionism and i look forward to a generation from now when it 'll no longer be required , but for the time being it absolutely is for a variety of moderately complex social and economic reasons . 
   i do n't like the idea of nations using the eu for their own gains ( i reckon i would be more happy with each nation receiving one vote , i 'd need to think about it more though ) . 
  one vote for each nation makes a citizen of malta 176 times more influential than a citizen of germany . 
  votes have to be based on population , regularly reassessed and altered based on populations of countries . 
  le sigh . 
  that 's not the eu , that 's the echr , a part of the council of europe , which , ironically given all the objection the echr gets , was set up by the united kingdom . 
  i was actually just referring to the old 's objection to the eu in general . 
  they 're all still stuck in the mindset of britain the world power , and despite the fact that we 're * powerful * still , it 's a multilateral world and they 're too ignorant and too stuck in their ways to adapt to this fact - so they 'll do things like vote us out of the eu if they get their chance , screw all of the young over , and then die , leaving us with their debt , their shitty political choices , and nothing much else . 
  but absolutely true is n't it ? 
  the old in this country want to crash the car to crash but only because they were about to get out anyway . 
  i disagree . 
  ethnocentrism is perhaps not the ideal term for what i 'm describing , but cultural-centrism sounds so clunky does n't it ? 
  i do n't think my own ethnicity is more valuable in a race sense , because race is a silly 19th century construct which is just absolute nonsense in most regards . 
  i think my * culture * is vastly superior to many though , and on that basis , yes , i probably do make generalised judgements . 
  yeah , it 's happened a few times in london in the last few years . 
  central african cultures can be absurdly backward in their beliefs , not to mention barbaric . 
  it 's just ridiculous to believe that there are people living in * london * who seriously believe in real , corporeal witches , in this day and age . 
  i 've seen one case in this thread where someone has used explicitly racist terminology . 
  you lads go around accusing everyone here of being racist when they 're being ethnocentric which i know some people do n't like but i always found perfectly valid so , y' know , as i said , mostly not racism . 
  why , ` cos you say so ? 
  no , sorry , but speaking as someone who does n't give a fuck about skin-colour i read this title and thought `` i wonder where they were * really * from '' ?
