  it 's something i think may happen eventually , although for now it seems like not such a great idea to me . 
  agreed completely . 
  i noticed with disgust that my local morrisons now has a `` halal '' meat freezer , all the various halal meats killed in the barbaric manner in which they do it . 
  i avoid halal wherever possible ( which is essentially down to whether i have knowledge or not ) because i really do n't want this practise to become acceptable . 
  while i know a ban on halal meat will almost certainly not occur , the increasingly standard practise of just feeding halal products to everyone because it avoids any problems is really terrible . 
  also pissed off that i ca n't get pork in my uni salad bar ( guess why ? 
  ) , but i guess that 's a problem for another day ... 
  so then everyone must learn english essentially . 
  that 's what we currently aim to do . 
  only european semitic language in existence afaik . 
  did not know that !, 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  that must be a bit chinese-whispery , but solves the problem perfectly since maltese virtually all speak english . 
  suppose it makes perfect sense , with english dominating these days . 
  in their defence , and you 'll see my position on this further up the page if you have a look , but in their defence , it 's got to be a fair bit harder to find 22 people who speak fluent maltese and also speak one of the other 22 languages perfectly . 
  you 're talking about a population of less than half a million , how many of them are realistically going to speak romanian , or slovene , or latvian , or irish gaelic - perfectly ? 
  then even when you find those people , if they even exist , you have to convince them to come and work for the eu as a translator . 
  presumably there 's more than just the pm of malta who 'd like to speak in maltese , so now take the requirement to 22 highly fluent maltese-eu23 ( -1 ) per * person * . 
  average of 5 maltese people wanting to conduct their business in maltese per day ? 
  that 's 110 of these elusive translators turning up every single day . 
  now we * do * have to go to these lengths , but lets not pretend it 's logistically easy . 
   everybody in malta can speak english since it 's an official language there but maltese is still their national language and it 's a shame not to use it since it 's their identity . 
  indeed , but there are 1 % more english speakers in netherlands than in malta . 
  i mean , there are going to be increasing number of countries in the eu where `` everyone speaks english '' because english is the lingua franca to be of the eu . 
  yet , until we reach a point where everyone is content and able to use the single language , we must treat all 23 equally . 
  it is a cool wee country though . 
  english especially love it because it 's like a home away from home . 
  bravo to the man . 
  either it 's an official language or it 's not . 
  if it 's official it should be treated in the same way that any other is , it 's the eu 's responsibility to be more than adequately prepared for any translational requirements of any official language . 
  this man can clearly speak english , but if we 're going to say in the spirit of valuing each others cultures and languages equally that all langauges are equal as official languages then we should follow through on that . 
  it 's not so much that , it 's just that the people who 're dominating the london scene with their money these days just happen to have no taste or sense of style . 
  is it just britain that gets a paywall for ft ? 
  ah , you mean the waste . 
  i suspect it 's more to do with the wussy culture regarding use by dates to be honest . 
  very few people in the uk seem to use their senses . 
  to me , meat is off when it 's rotten . 
  i can tell this smell ( and to an extent , sight ) . 
  most people i know chuck meat once the use by date hits , that 's just nuts to me . 
  a lot of perfectly good food is chucked out in this country . 
  why ? 
  it 's new but growing . 
  i can particularly recommend the star trek parody and `` hand thing '' . 
  ah yes . 
  well , reddit is very leftyish and concerned with feelings . 
  it 's not 4chan , for better or worse . 
  what happened ? 
  / r/theendofyoutube and others mostly listed here . 
  most of my time is on / r/unitedkingdom and here . 
  for committing this crime while a minister perhaps yes . 
  an idiot and a liar yes , but at least he did n't invoke out-dated and immoral laws to try and get his ex thrown in jail for even longer . 
  out of the two of them , she 's definitely the most repugnant . 
  immigrants . 
  sadly . 
  she lied and purjured herself in order to spite her ex-husband . 
  the woman is scum . 
  ca n't read the article due to the paywall , but * someone * one has to make the case for gm crops at the eu-table , since many countries in the eu are taking an automatic irrational approach of just banning them . 
  honestly ? 
  kind of unsurprised . 
  some places you go a lamb curry is like # 2-4 more than a beef one . 
  sometimes they 're an identical price . 
  lamb is quite a bit more expensive than beef , so when you get a `` lamb '' curry with lots of meat in it and it 's been the same price a beef one would have been , it 's a bit ... dodgy . 
  just a standard eu battlegroup type thing by the sounds of things . 
  useful for rapid reaction . 
  always good to cross-train too . 
  we do n't complain . 
  world 's best restaurant only has 2 michelin stars ? 
  intardesting ... 
  it 's not like the aztec-killers do n't have their own rock on the south side :p, 
  urgh , another report which makes out as if the same job is being done and this is outright discrimination as opposed to a product of individual choice . 
   as a woman in stem , i 'd say that not telling us we do n't belong in stem would help a lot , too . 
  i never told you that , i 'd be surprised if the average girl is . 
  the stigma about women in stem comes imo from the fact that there 's a lack of women in stem . 
  my lab must be about 50 % female , almost all non-eu ( with a few exceptions inc. myself ) and it 's clearly perfectly normal in most countries for stem to be roughly equally filled . 
  this whole `` there 's a stigma for women in stem '' only exists because there 's currently a lack , it 's completely self-feeding and people just need to grow up a bit about it tbh . 
  and yes , some old-fashioned asshole teacher might say to a 14 year old that they ca n't do maths because they 're a girl , but that 's not the point our society is at and we should be raising our kids to brush that shit off with ease . 
  should n't really be a resort at all . 
  it 's like saying that cheating should be a last resort , it just should n't be something you accept , even if it gets the result you 're after . 
  so what d'you think it 's about ? 
   i find it hard to believe that there are no women in your life whom you should appreciate . 
  perhaps you take them for granted ? 
  no no no , of course there are women in my life whom i appreciate . 
  but i do n't appreciate them just for being women , i appreciate them because they 're good people who do good things . 
  the fact that they 're women has no bearing on this . 
   i is a nice way to thank all of the women in your life thank for what ? 
  oh do grow up now . 
   it implies that by necessity there will not be enough well-paying places to go around for everyone that 's capable enough to deserve them . 
  well , i 'm not sure i understand your concept of deserve . 
  i mean , you deserve what you 're capable of getting in a legitimate manner . 
  those who deserve and pursue positions get them . 
  some people who 're not as capable but still partially capable will not get positions , that 's just the nature of the universe . 
  i 'm not sure what the issue is there . 
   so it 's not really a strong position to complain about high taxes , while you were probably lucky to land that well-paying job in the first place . 
  i was n't complaining about high taxation though , i was suggesting that taxation which increases in percentage with earnings is unfair . 
  if you 're not prepared or able to represent or understand my argument then this conversation is pointless . 
   you still have more in the end than someone else , equally skilled , that did n't get that job opportunity . 
  no-one on this planet is equally skilled , and in general those with superior skills for a given position will tend to be given those positions over those with inferior skills . 
   the free markets are not an objective natural force , but depend on the subjective opinions and standing traditions that make people think certain wages are appropriate and normal . 
  right , but by their very nature they reward accurate judgements and businesses full of people who make poor judgements fail , so the very nature of the system is self-refining and self-improving in terms of accuracy . 
   if they are needed , they do deserve their wage .
