  it is very unlikely that these people are taking a view which would intentionally worsen their entire brand 's value . 
  in the north , proper scottish highlands where i 'm from , i think it would have to be mountain or hill . 
  edit : we have the coast just as much as the rest of you , but for us our lives are defined by the fact that we 're mountain people living in glens or hills . 
  somewhat ? 
  i wish it was n't but it 's entirely true . 
  without the yanks we would be in no position to defend ourselves against major aggression from large nations or alliances . 
  ooh i hope she gave you a cherry for your cakeday !, 
  my mother ? 
  i can try for you if you 'd like my dear cuntomatic . 
   who cares about england , the reason for the war was to control france . 
  the english lost and got kicked out , just deal with it ; or is the idea of a french victory too offensive to your ears ? 
  accept history . 
  the idea of a french victory in france is n't enough , if you 'd actually dealt with the english properly we would n't have had to fight the sods so damn much up north . 
  well i meant it in a fairly complex way . 
  i mean , i know your guys ' hearts are in the right place despite me being a free marketeer with very liberal ( in the do-what-you-want-i-don ` t-give-a-fuck-just-don ` t-bother-me way ) leanings . 
  obviously i also meant it in a slightly `` eiw communism '' way since as someone who regards property rights as pretty much a subsection of right to life i disagree with you in a very profound manner . 
  have a good one regardless . 
  edit : also yes , your fellow lefty compatriotes become themselves quite terribly . 
  edit2 : plus , you guys have a history of . . y' know , murdering my sort when you get into power . 
  not into that . 
  not one bit . 
   ( though to be honest i think the uk would be fairly safe regardless - it would be massively unlikely that we are bombed or invaded out of nowhere ) . 
  because we have nukes . 
  i think your average person these days in the uk and much of western europe does n't realise that the only reason we 're safe is * because * we have nuclear weapons and powerful militaries . 
  a lot of people will say stuff like `` who 's going to invade us if we scale back our military and get rid of nukes '' - ignoring the fact that , almost certainly , the reason we 've had comparative peace since ww2 is because we 're about as attractive to attack as a porcupine . 
  if we get rid of all of our spikes we become an easy target and it 's not as if all the countries that have n't been warry in the last 60 years have avoided it because it 's gone out of fashion , they 've avoided us because we have the capacity to end entire countries . 
   i 'm a communist . 
  you have my commiserations . 
  `` lost '' . 
  england remained english and french did n't fully retake france . 
  hardly a shining victory . 
  perhaps so yes , and i agree you were n't using it in a terrible way , but nevertheless i think as a post it fails to address the fact that this is bad , and could be seen as attempting to normalise a behaviour which is very , very bad . 
   if russia thinks it 's strong enough , it will push into nato territory . 
  it 's not so much that i 'm worried about , i 'm worried about the russian 's perceptions that they have a `` right '' to certain countries . 
  you can see this now with all the western apologists saying `` it 's our own fault for pushing into their lands '' and them with their whole `` if nato expands further we will have to defend ourselves '' as if they 've got any right to dictate what their sovereign neighbours do with themselves . 
  the bottom line is russia is a hostile nation , not just to us , but to any nation which desires to align with us . 
  they do not respect the sovereign rights of other nations , but rather consider everything in usa vs. russia terms and are severely butthurt about losing their empire and prestige which came with that . 
  as such , the russians will continue to behave very , very poorly . 
  you do n't feel threatened because we 're lucky enough to be in the most powerful military alliance on earth . 
  the fact that we are does n't negate the fact that russia is a threat , it just means that us and a few other nations are lucky enough not to have to worry about that threat because they 're the bear and we 're the heavy machine gun . 
  not that you 're wrong , but since we 've all being calling this shout out against the russians this last few weeks , that 's a proper case of whataboutism that is . 
  they 're not liberal , they 're left wing . 
  sweden is left wing and remarkably illiberal . 
  yes but you 're french ... 
  why oh why did we give this little island independence . 
  wait ... the choice i propose is a rhetorical trick , despite being a perfectly valid question ? 
  are any questions answerable or do you just write each one off with a `` that 's just words ... '' style response ? 
  that 's because we won . 
  essentially you should feel bad because your ancestors were more successful at killing other people and taking over places than most other people 's ancestors , and you should feel guilty for this . 
  everybody tried , but yours actually succeeded and that 's downright terrible . 
  absurd really is n't it ? 
  it 's not a whataboutism , i 'm not attempting to distract away from the issue at hand and i 'm not saying that indian atrocities forgive british ones . 
  that said , ceteris paribus , would you rather have warlords who do n't develop your nation or empire builders who do ? 
  not in the slightest , but the point was n't made prior to the next post so i had to prod him a bit further . 
   `` civilization '' = setting in stone highly contextual social divisions for generations to endure and a bunch of railway tracks . 
  oh and massacres and economic repression . 
  have you heard of the sepoy mutiny ? 
  a bunch of indians wanted to overthrow the empire to * keep * their caste system . 
  aye mate , i 'm familiar , i 'm just not sure how it 's relevant to the discussion at hand . 
   that 's bullshit it was imperialism and greed that made britain take control of india not some sort of humanitarian mission . 
  well of course it was , but i never implied otherwise . 
  it was imperialism and greed that made rome take over most of europe , but it was still a bloody good thing that they did , for most of us . 
  got a point there matey ? 
   that 's really debatable . 
  who tells they would n't have developed a modern state ( or more probably , several of them ) like japan did and china and thailand attempted to do ? 
  never said they would n't have ... eventually . 
  that said , 5/6ths or so of all their modern railway track was built in british indian times , they concept of india as a unified state developed because of the raj , nigh on all of their institutions were introduced by the british , and so on and so on . 
  yes there were atrocities ( before we arrived , and while we were there ) but at least while we were there the groundwork for a very successful civilisation was laid down . 
  well , they benefitted hugely by having us treating them badly for 3 centuries instead of themselves treating themselves badly for 3 centuries . 
  but what did the ~ ~ british ~ ~ romans ever do for us , eh ? 
  their government is pretty terrible . 
  that 's the really sad thing about iran , iranians are culturally speaking pretty damn awesome . 
  if the islamists had n't taken over the nation then iran would be probably similar to turkey has historically been . 
  islamic but cool about it , not the admiral ahkbar type . 
  why ? 
  that 's my point basically , while not certain their use of the word `` england '' suggests they 're conflating it with the uk , and their saying that `` great britain '' is the us 's closest political ally is indeed also wrong since great britain is just an island . 
  the uk is what they really would have wanted to refer to in the entire sentence , and i suspect they 've used the terms they have out of a mixture of ignorance and desire to avoid repetition of a single term , however it 's pretty bad when it 's a survey which is showing off how little people know about countries around the world . 
   just 37 % could find england , despite the fact that great britain is the united states ' closest political ally . 
  so much wrong with this sentence . 
   on the uk political spectrum they are . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but they 're further right than the tories . 
  they 're further right than a centrist party ? 
  does n't mean much does it mate ? 
  let 's face it , they 're still * for * free education , pretty much all the state bodies we currently have , and the nhs . 
  i get what you 're saying , and i do n't personally view nationalist as a pejorative term anyway ( there 's nothing morally wrong with being nationalist , and most people are to some extent ) - i just do n't think that ukip are any more of a nationalist party than any of the majors . 
  their opposition to the eu would appear to be more an anti-eu thing than a `` uk uk uk '' thing . 
   they 're eurosceptic , anti-immigration and very conservative , at the very least . 
  i 'm not sure one could clearly say `` very '' conservative , and they 're about as anti-immigration as any canadian or aussie party , which makes them reasonably moderate . 
  really do n't think they 're nationalist though . 
  they 're not really particularly nationalist . 
  good stuff . 
  could do with having the scottish national party , although as a left of centre socially liberal party the only applicable circle is `` nationalism '' . 
  i sense a goat simulator dlc incoming ... 
   how do they , in their minds , distinguish what happened to the annexation of the sudetenland with crimea as nothing alike ? 
  * so we see a popular revolution against a corrupt government . 
  * * they 're told it 's a fascist coup . 
  * * we see an invasion by russian troops . 
  * * they 're told self-defense forces have sprung up . 
  * * we see forces massed on the eastern border of ukraine * * they 're told stories about how ukraine has fallen to complete chaos with nazi protestors murdering policemen left right and centre and now a nazi government persecuting russians . 
  * * we see an election announced and run in the space of two weeks , at gun point , by the sorts of people who organise elections where good old vlad gets 108 % of the vote .
