   you are ignoring a context of recent non-white , muslim immigration to europe , and a corresponding rise in islamaphobia combined with systematic discrimination against muslim immigrants in europe . 
  i 'm speaking for myself when i say that it is possible to be opposed to islam without being racist . 
   as i said , lumping them together from an outsiders perspective into one massive demographic in opposition to your own is orientalist and racist . 
  to assume all are exactly the same is simplistic and a little stupid , certainly , but this is not what i do . 
  i claim that there is a common belief set which ties these people together ( islam ) which i am in opposition to . 
   i am an atheist . 
  i also manage not to be a chauvinistic dick . 
  i wonder given how poor you are with definitions if you perhaps believe in gods anyway . 
   alright then , show me all of the front national , freedom party and swiss people 's party voters who are upset about white bosniak muslims living in their respective countries . 
  i 'm not going to bother . 
  i do n't need to prove that all people who oppose islam are n't racist , all i need to show is that it 's possible to oppose islam without having anything against people of other colours , and i present myself as the evidence . 
   i feel obliged to let you know that the islamophobia in europe is as closely associated with race as the hammer is to the sickle . 
  you mean movements which tend to be islamophobic tend to be racist ? 
  perhaps that 's true . 
  it does n't alter the validity of opposition to islam in any way though . 
  you 're using an argument of association , which is frankly pretty poor . 
   it is disingenuous to act as if you are unaware of this . 
  of course i 'm aware of the numbers , that does n't mean that an argument against islam is necessarily an argument against people of a specific colour . 
  it 's so utterly ignorant to think such a thing that it concerns me that there are people who do . 
   saying that islam is simply a choice ignores several important constraints on people 's behaviour - namely that the families and communities of muslims bond with religion , or that muslims might simply be pious . 
  the point is that one * has * a choice about religion , you 're saying that the choice might be tough and i agree , but that 's life . 
  no-one chooses to be born black or male or gay or short or ugly . 
  people do choose to follow a religion . 
   regardless of whether it is a choice or not , muslims should not have to deal with discrimination why not ? 
  why should a person 's religion be something which i am not allowed to make judgements about , but almost all of their other choices in life are things i can make judgements about ? 
   of course , you are in fact just a pedantic little racist , as evidenced by your point saying ` it 's not racist to oppose a religion , quite obviously . ', 
  i 'm starting to think you might have a case of the stupid . 
  i also oppose christianity , does that mean i 'm racist against white people ? 
  i also think zen buddhism is n't up to much , does that mean i 'm racist against japanese people ? 
  no reasonable mature person would say yes to those things , but to be consistent you would need to . 
   when that religion composes 1.5 billion people , of all different beliefs , languages , goals , homelands , desires , tastes and politics , but overwhelmingly non-white , then it is racist to lump them into one category , an other which can and must be opposed . 
  you 're acting as if race is the thing that ties them all together , it 's not . 
  islam is what ties them all together , and so long as people are choosing a religion , i can and will judge them for that . 
   future generations will look back on you and people like you with pity and wonderment people like me ? 
  you mean atheists ? 
  i think not subotan , the future belongs to people like me . 
  actually no , it 's not , but ironically , you claiming that it * is * is itself racist . 
  y ` see religion can be believed in by anyone of any colour , yet you 're making the common and wrong assumption that only brown non-white are muslim , which is of course not true . 
  it 's not racist to oppose a religion , quite obviously . 
  tied together by several holy texts which tell them how to live . 
  those who choose to follow these books to the letter are dangerous and incompatible with a western way of life . 
  the racist accusation is just another way of silencing criticism they do n't like to hear or ca n't combat , nothing more , 
  he said ** islam ** advocates holy war , not all muslims . 
  why is it any time a thread like this comes along half the people fail to actually read properly and get all het up about things which were n't said and would n't be said by any rational or intelligent person ? 
  there 's the odd problem with that idea ... 
  that they 're poor , or what ? 
  yes i know about op paperclip - a little different i 'd argue though . 
  anyway , i 'm not arguing that china is unique in its tech theft , just that they 're doing it on such a massive and never before seen scale that it 's a concern . 
  indeed so , their engine tech is very much lacking , but my point being this shows that what they do n't have they will attempt to steal , rather than researching themselves . 
  both in military and civvie stuff . 
  that 's because many people around here are too retarded to dissociate a shitty industry model ( media ) with the necessitation in some fields that patents persist ( engineering , biotech , pharma ) in order for the extremely expensive r&d which pushes these fields forward to continue . 
  i 'm not really interested in pandering . 
  most likely , but they still hacked into and stole as much of they could for the plans of the f-35 . 
  i 'm talking about patents , they 're talking about copyrights . 
  there is a difference ... 
  the science is n't such an issue as the economic theft , to my mind . 
  i mean , when chinese scientists lie or fake scientific findings it sucks , and it retards progress , but it 's all going to be found out eventually and it causes comparatively little harm . 
  the much bigger issue in my mind is the widespread theft of intellectual property which is going on , from engineering to software to biological and chemical products . 
  it 's gotten to the point where any large us or eu company worth its salt gives any worker travelling to china a laptop and mobile phone specifically for use there , because it 's so routine that if a businessman would go for dinner and leave his laptop in his room , the disks would be cloned by the time he was half through his meal . 
  once companies start routinely taking precautions like that , there 's a serious problem . 
  [ start with google . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?client=opera&amp;rls=en&amp;q=china+intellectual+property+theft&amp;sourceid=opera&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;redir_esc=&amp;ei=h68_uj2njplm0awuvodyaw ) there has been a moderate amount written on the subject , most of it very damning . 
  unfortunately cases of scientific fraud are on the increase too , and having been to a talk by a particular editor of a scientific journal , it would seem that china is quite rapidly heading towards being a nation where scientific output is automatically mistrusted until proven elsewhere . 
  edit : i too am in science ( specifically chemistry , specifically organic , very probably headed toward drug research ) and so this is something that i take a great deal of interest in , especially ` cos i 'm really interested in politics too . 
  the impression i 've built of china is that there are a great deal of hard working intelligent decent people there , but there 's also a much bigger culture of `` you snooze you lose '' - where anything done to get ahead is worth it and completely fine , so long as you get ahead , which of course leads to fakery and theft to a much higher degree . 
  sadly , at least the impression i 've taken from this is that science done within china is trusted less and less as time goes by . 
  except for the millions of people involved in r&d across the eu and us whose livelihoods depend on people paying for that r&d to happen . 
  yes , but will the chinese have planes as good as ours which they can afford to sell for less than us , because we paid for the r&d ? 
  this is the issue which we need to get a grip on . 
  perhaps they do , but since china is a member of the wto they should have the reasonable expectation that they wo n't be ripped off . 
  this is an issue for states and ios to sort out . 
   while china fumbles around failing ? 
  no , while china does their own r&d . china is currently acting in a very parasitic manner , and this needs to be fixed . 
  within a common framework of patents and copyrights . 
  you can develop it yourself , its yours . 
  that 's different from simply taking shit apart , drawing up specifications which are identical to every part , and then making the product and being able to not have to pay for the r&d it took to produce that product . 
  it 's also a large part of what the eu and us have left , r&d and intelligence applied . 
  china can out manufacture is for the time being , but as long as we can outthink , and we have a framework where people have to pay to make use of the fruit of our development and research , then we will continue to do well in this world . 
  when the fruit of our minds is stolen and made worthless , we 're fucked . 
  perhaps so , but china is a member of the wto and so has agreed to abide by certain rules which it is very explicitly breaking on a regular basis . 
  of course there is , but we should be working on combating this and preventing it , not on accelerating our own losses . 
  japan was thought of as a copy-cat nation in the '50s because they developed things which mimicked us products , not because they actually just stole the us tech and built their attempt at carbon copies of them ( which , admittedly , china does tend to fuck up , but they 're trying ) . 
   airbus need to sell planes , china will buy them if they are assembled in china . 
  if airbus do n't want to make a deal , boeing will . 
  and either way in 10-15 years china will be manufacturing aircraft which are essentially a rip-off of airbus 's aircraft , built with european tech and no doubt very similar , if probably not quite as good , but much cheaper as they do n't pay for r&d .  developing countries will always develop technologically at a more rapid pace compared how long that technological development took developed countries to originally achieve . 
  but they 're not developing , they 're stealing . 
   look at the us and how it ripped off anything it could from the old world a few hundred years ago . 
  anything and everything was copied and ideas were stolen wholesale , with the implicit blessing of the us government . 
  i contend that the extent to which china is doing this has never been seen before , perhaps due to the prevalence of modern computer systems , but still . 
  by and large this has been kept at comparatively low levels though . 
  china is hacking and stealing its way to a hugely greater extent than any other country or group of businesses ever have before . 
  it 's just astonishing . 
  more so that no-one seems to be doing much except for taking precautions against it - no-one appears ready to admit the implicit hostility behind this much theft . 
  just like they do with everyone and everything . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why airbus would a ) consider this , and b ) be allowed by europe to do this , when it 's clear that the current chinese mo is to steal every bit of intellectual property and design that they can . 
  we 're currently undergoing the greatest period of technology theft ever seen by humanity , and astonishingly your average person on the street has absolutely no idea . 
  in our defence , we did try to straighten things out before giving up after the zionists took to bombing and murdering us . 
  i could say the same of germans , or italians , hell even the dutch have a reputation for being loud and annoying in some places . 
  point being that every nation has its dicks , and i really do n't believe that any nation is considerably worse than any other within europe at least . 
  i just think there are far more of certain groups than of certain others .
