   it is clear that uk consider it self to be among the leading nations in eu . 
  they expect to be heard and that it will get opt outs etc. 
  i find that delusional . 
  ok . you 're a little strange then . 
  we are a part of the triumvirate . 
   if you had a good record , strong economy and a history of being a reliable and supportive nation i 'm not sure what you mean by record , we have a strong economy , and what do you mean by reliable and supportive ? 
  just because we do n't consent to everything france and germany put on the table put on the eu does n't mean we 're rebels . 
  it 's * our * eu too , we get to disagree with things . 
   as it is know , it is just annoying . 
  could you cite examples of what you mean by this ? 
  as in , specific cases , rather than just your impression ? 
   decide what you want to do and then do it without this bickering we are in the eu . 
  but just because we 're in it does n't mean we have to agree with every single thing that 's decided by a few countries , or even the majority . 
  it 's an organisation in which there should be debate , dissent , and discussion . 
  as i say , it 's * our * eu too . 
  we have just as much a right to say no to an idea as any other country has to consent or dissent . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg my numbers are accurate at the level they were given . 
  germany has problems too , though , and to act like it 's the social democratic bliss that the nordics are is disingenuous . 
   no , thank god greece does not have to make the choice to sell out and destroy its environment umm ... have you checked the news since 2008 ? 
  greece has to do whatever brings in money right now . 
  obviously a complete moron bud . 
  ignore , move on . 
  yes my friend , it certainly puts this europhile on edge at times . 
  i must confess that as someone who strongly supports the eu i do often feel that as poisonous as the anti-eu rhetoric is in the uk , the anti-uk rhetoric which goes about much of the eu is just as poisonous , and it wounds me to see my country so attacked by my fellow citizens of the eu when i feel that despite a small extent of political reticence we have always contributed to the union , i feel we are an asset in many ways to the union , and that any who support the project should be encouraging closer ties , not promulgating this myth of british sabotage . 
   also as a northern european they have worst status among us in regard to economy , gini index , democracy etc. 
  in our defence , there are 10 countries in northern europe and we are but 1 , yet we compose 62 % of the northern european population , and large countries almost always suffer in the indices you listed . 
  it 's alright . 
  to add to the `` scotland can be shit or decent '' theme . 
  aberdeen city 's long standing offices : behold the [ low resolution monstrosity ] ( http://www.eveningexpress.co.uk/thumbnail.aspx?refid=2622617&amp;refref=img&amp;style=full ) although in their defence upon the agreement of everyone who ever laid eyes on , or heard about , the building , they decided that every brick must be cast into the fires of mordor , and have moved into this : l [ ovely little building ] ( http://www.urbanrealm.com/images/buildings/building_649.jpg ) , which i should have spent half my time at university in , but they got it off us for 100,000,000 gbp or something like that ( only for a century mind ), 
  it 's not piracy if you 're forced to pay for it . 
  this is pretty awesome really . 
  i mean , the content providers all just gave you moral license to help yourself to whatever you please . 
  i thought the spanish was weird agrarian fascism , had italian down as very pro-capitalist which entails corporatist to a degree but not quite to the extent the word implies . 
  nazi germany was a fairly socialist country though , i do n't see how it can be implied otherwise . 
  certainly the usage of the term `` far right '' breaks down in referencing them , when applied in economic terms . 
  our horribly simplistic dichotomy of `` right '' and `` left '' really serves us terribly . 
  i abhor the impossibility of its disuse . 
  interesting . 
  i thought they were more national socialists than fascists , what with the ( admittedly populist support gathering ) measures such giving out free food to greeks , etc. 
  cheers for the info . 
  ah , so they are banning the production of * new * coal plants in 2015 . 
  this is interesting , and a very serious piece of legislation which will make a fundamental change to the forthcoming nation , but this is absolutely not equivalent to the impression redpossum gave . 
  are golden dawn really fascist ? 
  i thought they were more neo-nazi , if i am honest . 
  as to corporatism , i ca n't say i agree , i 've encountered descriptions which have included it , but also ones which have n't . 
  i do n't care too much though and the point seems unimportant in relation to our discussion so i shall leave it at that . 
   fascism , in the most literal sense , is a combination of corporatism and nationalism . 
  i would n't go so far as to corporatism , capitalist nationalism with authoritarian government , i could certainly happily settle for as a working definition . 
  do n't get me wrong , overall i 'm not disputing the idea that someone can hold fascist views without being an activist , people can hold any views without being motivated or serious enough to be active about them , i just dispute the idea that being opposed to immigration inevitably makes a person fascist . 
  oh good , you 're kidding , was n't obvious from your first post , 
  no , it wo n't be . 
  it would have a horrendous effect on the uk 's largest manufacturing industry , probably result in the loss of a great deal of jobs , and is also just downright stupid . 
   modern fascism is sitting in your armchair blaming immigrants . 
  that 's hyperbole . 
  sitting in an armchair blaming immigrants may be racist , or xenophobic , and is quite probably stupid , but this is not fascism . 
  regulating acid would be the biggest pain ever . 
  currently you can buy many chemical supplies fairly easily , but if you could n't , i assure you there is nothing stopping chemists from just helping themselves to a lot of stores . 
  the amount of regulation which would be required to ensure we were n't walking out with some acid every once in a while would be absurdly annoying and prohibitive . 
  so , in short , terrible idea . 
   also the eu is banning coal power in 2015 source on this ? 
  approximately 1/4 of all eu generation in currently coal , i can not see it as possible that we would be free of this in 2 years time . 
  in terms of building generation capability it simply would n't be possible . 
  troika being the people who 're paying your bills right now ? 
  depends whether you 're in new cross , lewisham , or black heath really does n't it ? 
  and lithuanians too really ... 
  jokes do n't have to match reality 100 % , 
  an in invasion * from * poland ? 
  well that 's novel ... 
  good old south london , far too racist for pretty much any but the baltics . 
  this is the second time poles have come to our shores en masse - the first lot are all british some 70 years later , i do n't think we 'll need anywhere near that long this time :d, 
  never seen polandball comics ? 
  the article says british troops are joining the mission , that is true . 
  the uk still retains 7500 more soldiers in active combat in afghanistan than france does . 
  we also had years of casualties in iraq . 
  there are reasons our armed forces is not as able to deploy thousands of troops without a significant push right now . 
   the reason britain helped to bail out ireland was not so ireland would benefit . 
  oh , it 's one of you lot . 
  those people who ca n't ever imagine more than one motive for any action ...  it is my opinion that the bailouts are a bad idea because the irish tax payers are left with the debt in a bailout that benefits german and british banks and unsecured bond holders whom the irish owe less than nothing because they are partly responsible for the crisis in the first place . 
  that 's a nice opinion . 
  shame the law disagrees with you . 
  countries who participate in inter-eu lending must partial accept liability for the banks which are hq 'd in their country , that 's simply a part of conforming to eu law . 
  if you 're under the impression that anyone * did n't * benefit from the aversion of national collapse besides iceland , then you 're sorely mistaken . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  i was pointing out that unlike sweden , the uk actually played a part in the european bailouts . 
  the point being that if the uk had not other countries would have had to , which would have levied an even larger bill on the countries carrying out the bailout . 
  yes , of course bailouts are self-interested , there are few countries which will simply * give * 8.2 billion euro away for shits and giggles . 
  not a single bailout in the entire great recession has lacked self-interest , that much should be obvious . 
  that does not negate the fact that britain was playing its part in an inevitable and required process , or that ireland benefited immensely from the uk doing this . 
  that 's the same reason anyone bailed out anyone . 
  with antiliberal doing such a nice job on my behalf i have n't seen any need yet . 
  i never said i was proud of british history , i said i like the culture and the way that british culture brings together the best parts of the components . 
  there are also , i would argue , numerous other benefits of the home nations being together . 
  we 've got a long history together and it has for most of this time been very successful . 
   such as raping and killing the natives when discovering the americas . 
  i believe that was actually you lot ... 
  once again , 62 million people , not four monolithic entities . 
  you 've provided evidence that 1.613 x 10 ^ -6 % of welsh britons support the eu . 
  you 've a long way to go at that rate . 
  10/10 would lol again . 
  what an adorably marvellous idea .
