  this is the guardian telling porkies to keep its readers . 
  we should execute them . 
  publicly . 
  it 's about time the eu started getting evil . 
  the current nicey nicey give-lots-of-aid and preach human rights eu is getting boring . 
  we 're an empire composed of a bunch of countries which have had evil empires , oh and germany ... there is no way we could fail at being the evilest and bested empire on the planet . 
  that 's actually depressing , that an institution of the eu could produce such totally useless work . 
  the eu is supposed to * save * us from shitty useless government , not be an extra layer of it . 
  it means the price of the house . 
  yes , of course that includes a garden if the house has a garden , no it does n't include all adjacent land or necessarily include all outbuildings if they could reasonably be * not * part of the property . 
  we 're a bit funny in the uk in that we do n't sell property by square metreage ( which seems a strange concept to most brits , which is and of itself odd ) , but yes of course a house price includes the garden , that much is seen as obvious to us . 
  my parents house would include the garden , but not the field they own behind it . 
  my flat includes the flat itself , and shared use of the rear garden space . 
  i guess all said , this shows the complication of doing these sorts of comparisons , and is part of the reason eurostat should really be defining things more clearly than they have here . 
  in czech perhaps , but not in every nation , i 'd imagine . 
  well , like i say , unless stated otherwise , in the uk , average house price really means average domicile price , and includes flats ( hence is around 200k rather than around 300k ) . 
  i 'd honestly expect eurostat to use accurate wording too , which is why it would be foolish of them to use the word house without defining it . 
  in the only major country with english as its primary language , and a country that has about 13 % of the eu population , `` average house price '' does n't refer just to houses but all homes . 
  you 'd think the folks at eurostat would be switched on enough to note that and define their terms , but then if it 's been made up by the french it 's probably intentionally done to be as awkward as possible , the better to convince everyone that french is still important and useful . 
  fair enough though about cz , clearly if it 's 10 times higher than a flat would be it must be houses . 
  900000 eur for an apartment would be scary too . 
  that 's central london prices . 
  and you could tell me which of the two that is without looking it up ? 
  most people could n't . 
  i 'd guess tobruk but honestly i 'm not sure . 
  [ libya is n't a country right now . 
  ] ( https://pietervanostaeyen.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/2000px-libya.png ), 
  sierra leone was a pretty clear cut success . 
  is that the libya which is governed from tobruk , or the libya which is governed from tripoli ? 
  not sure any government of libya can really expect to * have * international waters until they 're in a situation where people do n't have to ask `` which libyan government ? '', 
  yah , includes places which are barely really london ( zones 5 and 6 ) . 
  this is the issue , is a terraced house a house ? 
  is a semi-detached house a house ? 
  if those are houses , why is a two story home which shares a door with another two story home not a house ? 
  in english the word `` house '' is n't really clearly defined enough to use for infographics like this one , hence `` house '' is taken to mean `` all domiciles '' , which is a far wiser way of averaging things . 
  this ca n't seriously mean an actual house though , surely ? 
  i mean , that 'd be idiotic . 
  what constitutes a house ? 
  average house prices are basically always just taken from the mean price of all domiciles sold in a certain period . 
  actually the ef2000 is a straight a2a fighter being adapted for multirole capabilities . 
  it 's likely a superior aircraft at air superiority roles but so far is lacking compared to the rafale for air to ground activities . 
  the ef2000 certainly has the potential to be superior to the rafale in every aspect bar being a naval aircraft , however whether this potential will be realised is yet to be seen . 
  of course we could . 
  aeronautical engineering is something the uk is still extremely good at . 
  us choosing to build the ef2000 with partner nations was n't about lack of ability , but rather about pooling expertise and reducing costs . 
  they never want to live in scotland because it 's not packed full of other immigrants , it 's cold , and it 's full of us scots . 
  pretty much only the poles will brave the north , and the people who 're going to make up this extra 5 million will probably all be asian , so some will live in glasgow but the rest will go for englandshire . 
  upgoats for the honesty , 
  it makes a very large difference . 
  what ? 
  no ... the state 's first and foremost role is internal and external defence of its citizenry , that is , a police force and a military . 
  a state is just an organisation which has a monopoly on violence , hopefully for the benefit of its citizenry . 
  to maintain that monopoly on violence it must be capable of exerting it within and fending off challenges from without . 
  only if you trust your allies to use their nuclear weapons to protect you , and you trust that potential enemies will trust that assumption too . 
  so leech of the usa and france basically ? 
   that 's debatable . 
  not between anyone who understands the basic idea of statehood . 
  yeah , it 's a mix . 
  i 'm using duolingo and my spanish lady corrects a few things to proper spanish . 
  largely it seems fine but there are a few things here and there where i 'm being taught words which they either dont have in their vocabulary , or they do , but no-one would ever say them . 
  / detracting from the rant ... 
  look , yes brummies sound like retards , but you lot sound like drunk germans with a serious throat illness , so you need to calm your tits aye ? 
  also ... thanks . 
  if the irish can object i 'm sure my secession minded kin could too . 
  you lot should know better than to make fun of how people sound when speaking . 
  must you really please the spam by calling it british english instead of just english ? 
  it 's quebecois french and french , south american spanish and spanish , not french french and spanish spanish . 
  it 's complicated , essentially international law only requires that the first safe state accept an application for asylum , so germany has the right to refuse applications based on the fact that the seekers have passed through other countries where they could have claimed . 
  on top of that eu law stipulates that the first eu country a refugee comes to is responsible for their asylum processing . 
  so yes , germany , by the nature of its location , is taking in economic migrants , has encouraged and abetted the breaching of eu law , and is ignoring international legal norms to pursue a feel good policy which is very damaging to the health of the global asylum system . 
  as bad at least , they have ongoing concentration camps , forced labour camps , utter totalitarianism . 
  i think i 'd rather take my chances with an ak against some nutter fundies in syria than try to live in nk . 
   westerners are scared to death of looking at russia without their permission and the idea of maybe knocking down an aircraft or two in syria ? 
  taking out some russian aircraft would be a very serious act , an act of war , and certainly bring about a reply from russia . 
  people who carry big sticks should walk softly . 
  syria has no oil you egit , and it 's not like the world is struggling to find enough oil right now . 
  to the conspiracy crowd , the `` west '' is the usa , and all other governments in `` the west '' are just puppets of the usa . 
   west ( governments ) want to get rid of assad . 
  that 's why this whole thing started . 
  the civil war started in the arab spring with protests and then repression , and then more violence , mutiny of parts of the military . 
  as much as this idea gains traction with some of the woolier people in the world , you 're never going to find people who * enjoy * working in a mine , or in a steelworks in the sense that they get life-satisfaction from it . 
  it might be good honest work , but they 're not blossoming as human beings because of it , but this work must be done anyway . 
  same goes for most jobs . 
  now now , i think sanders may actually be more competent than corbyn . 
  that said , neither is getting elected . 
  he 's right , once they pass turkey they 're not asylum seekers anymore , they 're economic migrants . 
  if no-one is going to attack you and there 's zero risk then you wo n't need to join nato in the first place . 
  weakened . 
  you 'd weaken nato , not strengthen it . 
  yes , i 'm perfectly aware of that , so why would we want another freeloader ? 
  no thanks . 
  you lot only spend about 1.3 % of your gdp on military , why would nato want you ? 
  sweden ... ultimate fair-weather friend . 
  ` murica , stop pretending you speak any language but pigeon english and get off google translate , 
  how can you hate that which is n't real ? 
  well , the entire world agrees ... except for some people on a small island next to a bigger island , with an axe to grind . 
  the falklands are considerably more `` genuinely '' british than any of those things . 
  i was being ironic as fuck like . 
  british socket best socket !, 
  i listed that same link myself .
