  right , but they 're not going to have a bazillion patriots because they ca n't afford them . 
  tbh the patriot missile system is n't designed for defence of an entire border , and poland would need about 38 batteries just to provide a single battery 's defence across the entire border , although since that 's only 4 missiles , the russians could very easily defeat this . 
  in short , poland can not defend itself against a russian cruise and stand off missile attack . 
  this is partly why nato exists , because there are lots of us who individually could n't defend ourselves from russia but who , together , can do so . 
  the only nation that could , the usa , thankfully is on our side also . 
  if you think austria is any more capable of defending itself from russia than poland is i think you 're a bit optimistic . 
  austria , alone , would be crushed by any russian cruise and stand off missile attack . 
  there are loads on here and / r/unitedkingdom who 'd go along with it . 
  this is why the proper lefties get ignored so often i guess . 
  i did n't refer to 1990 . 
   modern war is all about air superiority and this is where poles have problem . 
  not really , for a country their size , having the 60-70 f-16 's and mig-29 's they 've got is far more than many countries of their economic level have . 
  they also are getting there on air defence . 
  we 've got to be realistic , they 're not going to be at western great power levels in a week , but they 're making great strides and have a solid foundation . 
   but let 's not pretend the choice was between nato or russia 's puppet . 
  how 'd that go in georgia ? 
  this varies by nation ... 
  the centre right uk conservative party are the only party who 're particularly patriotic or serious about the union of the uk . 
  i do not know this dank meme . 
   confusing a lot of people when it comes to language definitely means you 're wrong . 
  if the average person read the chemistry papers i used to write they 'd be confused , that does n't mean i 'm wrong . 
   the purpose of language is to communicate , if you 're putting trying to be smart over that then you 're wrong . 
  right , and sometimes that communication is of an idea that has n't occurred to some people who have n't thought about something very much , 
   why ca n't you have a proper left wing candidate that 's reasonable on military and foreign policy . 
  cultural issues i think . 
  the french manage it , but we never do . 
  you never read the grauniad then eh mate ? 
  i do have some self regard , that 's true . 
  the proper lefties generally hate themselves , the country , and their own existence . 
  the right wing are indeed the only people who will stand up for the nation . 
  he probably would , yeah . 
  it 's fine , i ca n't honestly believe the military would n't replace him if he got into power . 
  at least you used a decent language !, 
  absolutely . 
  you 're like what germany would be if they had n't spent the last 60 years castrating themselves and becoming as useless and selfish as possible . 
  i 'm considering learning polish , you guys are going places . 
  it 'd be interesting if he did though . 
  when was the last time we had a military coup in this country ? 
  no , he 's allowed his opinion on groups like nato though . 
  his real position is essentially to not have a position though , he 'd withdraw us from nato , dismantle our military , and abolish our nukes . 
  we 'd become a dandelion , going whichever way the wind blew us . 
   the rebels which one [ of these militia groups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_armed_groups_in_the_syrian_civil_war ) are ** `` the rebels '' ** ? 
  i wish people who had no fucking clue what they 're talking about would stop spouting utter shite they pick up on the internet from other morons who have no fucking idea what they 're talking about as if it 's some enlightened stance . 
  salty salty tears ... 
  the royal navy could actually drop a cruise missile through the deck of a ship travelling next to gibraltar , from london . 
  crazy how things are now . 
  exactly , `` discussion '' is just an excuse for the argentines to make noise and attempt to get it from us . 
  that 's like walking up to a man who 's just taken # 20 out the bank and saying you want to hold discussions over who really owns that # 20 , you or him . 
  it 's jeremy corbyn , he 's a well meaning old socialist , but he 's got some fairly fringe views ( embraced by plenty on places like / r/unitedkingdom but not by the wider uk public very much ) . 
  he 'd also be doing this if he got given the keys to number 10 : * abolishing the uk 's nuclear weapons * unilateral withdrawal from nato * seeking to `` give '' northern ireland to ireland * ( that one 's especially hilarious given that it would start another conflict ) * * cut defence * ( who needs it ? 
  ) * * nationalise rail companies , the royal mail , and probably the major energy uk companies this is a guy who conservatives are * hoping * will win the labour nomination because if he does , he guarantees a conservative government is elected in 2020 . 
  your average us troop on the ground knows that its his job * not * to get involved in a firefight with russians unless specifically told to . 
  you do n't start world war 3 over a humvee . 
  poland actually has a decent military . 
  their navy is lacking and transport capabilities too , but as part of a nato force they 'd be quite potent . 
  they 've got about 60 very decent light multirole fighters , 200 modern german tanks , another 800 older t-72 's or upgraded t-72s , thousands of armoured transports , over 1000 artillery pieces , hundreds of helicopters including a couple of dozen attack helicopters . 
  the poles are actually in better shape of fight a land war than most other european nations . 
  their equipment , while frequently old , is still relatively decent and outnumbers france and the uk by quite some margin sometimes . 
  give poland a few years and they 'll be quite assuredly europe 's number 3 military , given they always have a conservative government , are n't idiots about the reality of russia , and are n't ashamed at the very idea of having a military like certain neighbours are . 
  while i 'm pro-nato expansion in the strongest possible way , not allowing eastern europe into nato would n't have been `` revoking their sovereignty '' , it would have just been leaving them out in the cold for russia to exert influence on as they pleased . 
  it would have been russia screwing with them , we 'd have just been cold and heartless ( and stupid ) . 
  confusing people does n't mean you 're wrong , it can just mean they have n't thought about something much . 
  i 'm not going to pander to your lack of nuance just because you want to be awkward about semantics , and i 'm no longer going to bother with this , we 're not even discussing any topic but your objection to my use of a word here . 
  good day to you . 
  of course , but the `` uk does anything americaz says '' is the most tritely moronic thing i see repeated around here . 
  sigh ... * the police are used just by existing , when police walk around they deter crime , this is the police being used . 
  * the police are used when they arrest people , by arresting people who commit crime they stop them committing further crime . 
  both are accurate , it is not a one or the other thing . 
  this is barely even worth arguing about , you 're just throwing a strop about a word being used in a perfectly valid manner . 
  it 's a word with a set meaning , i 'm not `` trying to be smart '' , i 'm working within the definitions of the words i 'm using . 
  saying that it 's silly to use it the way i am would be like it 's silly to say that soldiers use their armour every day when they might never be shot . 
  that is fully something i would expect does n't understand the purpose of them to say . 
  why do you think we have nuclear weapons ? 
  like as in , what 's your view that the serious people who decide these things have opted to maintain our nuclear weapons arsenal ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're using incorrectly using faslane to refer to our nuclear deterrent or what . 
  faslane is a place , hmnb clyde is the naval base situated there for supporting and servicing our nuclear deterrent . 
  it 's active every day in carrying out this role , so , the best interpretation i can make of what you 're saying is factually incorrect . 
   but it also stands to reason the only reason we have nukes is because other people have nukes and you are afraid of them . 
  that 's a negative . 
  our nuclear weapons are primarily a conventional deterrent in my eyes . 
   as it stands nobody wants to use their nukes they 're used every single day they exist . 
  5eyes best eyes . 
  union when ? 
   what is so hard for people to understand . 
  honestly ? 
  the only thing that 's hard to understand with pacifists is why you think anyone should listen to you . 
  saying `` i do n't want nukes '' is like saying `` i do n't want war '' . 
  you may not , but it 's still going to be there . 
  you seem to want to get rid of nukes from near where your family are because you appear to feel like that 's going to provide you some safety or security , when in fact it 's doing exactly the opposite for your family . 
  right ... lots of fear , little information , usual mix that contributes to the backwards attitudes of many scots . 
  as far as i can tell people who want to get rid of nukes essentially just want to get rid of them and then freeload on the security provided by nations who have them . 
  well ... i live in scotland so do you mean it moves up to aberdeen ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's entirely practical but i 'd have no issues with doing so . 
  it 's going to be glorious . 
  trump is playing an entire nation for his own benefit , the man has balls the size of jupiter . 
  no need tbh , i 've already had it out with him ages ago , he 's obsessive , single-minded , and deluded . 
  agreed . 
  if they were announcing to spend 6 billion per year for the next 7-8 years on upgrading and buying new kit , and that it would be * on top * of the already announced defence budget , this would be a big deal . 
  as it is , it 's just what most nations of that size are doing all the time . 
  there 's no way britain is spending less than a billion euros a year on any given year on new kit and upgrades .
