  expecting any nation to just give away that territory just seems ... odd . 
  stinky americans , cultural imperialism , fat , ugly , too rich , degenerate !, 
  war mongers , liars , cheats !, 
  no culture !, 
  no food !, 
  racist bullies !, 
  send military halp nao please !, 
  uh ... you mean like in half of the other conflicts we get involved in ? 
  ever heard of a place called iraq ? 
  both , neither , whichever we feel like ? 
  the tyranny of the majority is the basis of all states , i suspect i like it no more than you but that 's the way states work . 
  the smallest minority is the individual , i ca n't just make my own breakaway state though can i ? 
  let 's not pretend that all catalans want independence either , polls over the last few years have shown significant swings but are often very roughly equal . 
  no no no , let 's most definitely pretend otherwise . 
  uk terrible , no money , no food , no free houses , no women , only man and pig-man . 
  go to germoney , much money , very house !, 
  the treaty was specifically for land , but under current international law of the sea all nations which have sovereignty over land have a defined limit to the waters around that territory . 
  you 'll find that gibraltar actually * is * part of the european union and has been for about 40 years , i 'm not sure why you 'd be under the impression that it is n't . 
  that 's nice that you want it to stop being xyz , you 'll find that sovereign nations can pretty much do what they want so long as it 's not breaching international law . 
  breaching international law , like , y' know , opening fire on foreign civilian vessels in foreign waters with a military ship ... ( i mean seriously , that 's an act of war ... ), 
  you do n't want to be spanish , you do n't want to be not spanish unless you can force millions of other people to be not spanish with you . 
  surely that is the point at which any reasonable person stops paying attention to your point of view , would n't you even agree ? 
  so because you do n't agree with the democratic result you want to play a different game ? 
  that does n't seem fair . 
  you could emigrate and gain citizenship somewhere else , no ? 
  i actually meant it seriously , i even tagged you as `` german , decent enough though '' and in aqua , which is my `` worth talking to '' colour , 
   it requires consent from libya we might pretend it does , but it really really does n't . 
  we 're the eu , if we want to do something we can do it . 
  i believe that 's gods job . 
  no-one in europe will understand this reference . 
   the guy we keep electing into their offices and their superiors . 
  wait , what ? 
  ah well , bed time for me , nice talking , 
   my conclusion is that they do whatever they want and the majority of population just applauses whatever they come up to . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  i 'm not sure where you 're going with the whole `` spin '' thing . 
  i mean , what the general public think of an issue is to an extent interesting and the way the media behaves and what role that has in terms of establishment control vs. a profit motive is an interesting topic of discussion , but this is not * our * discussion . 
  we were not discussing what your average man on the street thinks of russia or of interventionism , we were discussing the actualities of interventionism and russia , and i would hope that you might feel that both of us share slightly more insight into these topics than your average bild reader . 
  he was in office in the 1970 's and early 1980 's , although i 'd be curious to hear what you feel his thoughts are on this issue . 
  * that said * , are you saying that reading him you came to the conclusion yourself that they are worth it , or that reading his works you came to the conclusion that `` we '' ( as in , some ideological group you suppose me to belong to ) consider russia to be so , but that i 'm just lying/misleading myself ? 
  the messy thing about the uk and us is that a motive which would be justifiable in some cases is abused . 
  i wo n't defend every case of interventionism , but i do defend the principle of it , and i can cite examples of very effective , very popular intervention . 
   and for russia , their fear of encirclement is a real one . 
  i do n't believe this , it 's childish if so . 
  nato would utterly destroy russia in a conventional war , and in a nuclear war we all lose . 
  economically russia is a 2nd rate nation , about the size of italy , they are no threat to us , and mostly we do n't care about them , or would n't if they 'd just bloody well behave . 
  they need to get over the idea that they 're equals with the us , they 're not , and they need to get over the idea that they have a right to have their neighbouring countries doing as they please , they do n't . 
  the reason that the ex-warsaw pact nations are rushing to join nato is because russia is such a bad neighbour , not because the west gives a shit about having airbases 10 minutes closer to moscow . 
  russia does n't whine because it 's worried about encirclement , russia whines because it 's declined in power , and it has n't got used to that yet . 
   still i assume you would shy away of direct confrontation , because despite our news showing russian aeroplanes being patched up with papier-m\u00e2ch\u00e9 and what not , they are not iraq or afghanistan , something to rush over with technological superiority . 
  no-one is interested in war with russia , they 're literally not worth it . 
  if russia would go full on isolationist and just stop bullying their neighbours and stop throwing a hissy fit every time the west does anything in europe then the world would be a much happier place . 
  so improve it ? 
   do you even care about un or global rule of the games ? 
  i like the idea of them , but if it 's `` follow the rules of the game when one country always say `` nah '' '' vs. `` stop genocide '' i 'll go with the latter . 
  does that create problems ? 
  absolutely . 
  you then face the issue that essentially might = right , you set an example of `` rule breaking '' which other countries can point to to justify their own misdeeds , and you risk that when you decline in power other nations will abuse the standard . 
  but that said , will i risk all that to stop genocide ? 
  yes , yes i will . 
  the unsc is a good idea , the major powers which are all also nuclear powers get a seat , and decide important stuff like `` shall we intervene here '' . 
  unfortunately one/two of the nations on the unsc use their vetos to essentially just shit on any ideas the rest of us come up with . 
  we are n't messing with russia , russia just thinks it deserves a `` sphere of influence '' ( i.e. , control over the ex-ussr ... essentially because they believe in a world composed of nations which are masters and nations which are slaves ) , and we 're not really into letting them just decide that the sovereign will of other nations is meaningless . 
  we 've really done very little against russia , and everything we 've done has been a slap on the wrist for their own misbehaviour internationally . 
  they , on the other hand , have been behaving very poorly over the last few years . 
  that prevented unsc authorisation but we 've gone to war without it before , so long as a `` coalition '' of important countries can be assembled that 's generally considered enough . 
  kosovo , iraq , did we even ask the un over afghan ? 
  the uk saying no over syria in 2013 was pretty much the point at which the us halted , at least for a time . 
  i know , that 's partly because we both tend to ensure that disagreements are done privately , and partly because our interests do very frequently align , although not always . 
  people make a big deal out of us going to iraq with them , but no-one says anything about our parliament voting against action in syria in 2013 , which effectively halted the move by the us to start a bombing and possibly full on intervention in syria in that year . 
  were they our lapdogs then ? 
  assuming that two old allies ( and we are allies ) are lockstep because they do n't often publicly disagree is unwise . 
  the us is an ally , but not a friend . 
  they will screw us if it 's worth it for them ( rare but happens ) , and while it 's unlikely it 'd ever be worth it for us , we 'd hopefully do the same . 
  they 've shown this over the last 70 years . 
  that 's fairly normal to be fair , what the uk government did with scotland was quite generous and ... very british . 
  we work with them , i would n't call us friends . 
  our interests align sometimes and when they do we act together , i do n't think anyone serious in the uk would actually believe we have something special with the us , our interests just align often . 
  i mean we 've worked closely with them for decades on many things , like 5-eyes , against communism , maintaining anglo supremacy globally , but that 's because those things provide mutual benefit . 
  a country that threatens to collapse your economy for doing precisely what it 's doing and will continue to do for decades is no friend . 
  they also fucked as after ww2 by refusing to share the manhattan project research , even though we transferred all of our research and the canadian stuff too , over there , along with our scientists , in order that the three countries could have a single much more rapid project to develop nukes asap to help win the war , and we specifically agreed with them that there 'd be full sharing of technology once finished because it was a joint effort , but then after the war they just turned around and went `` nope , we 're not sharing that '' . 
  i think people think the uk and us are special friends because sometimes we get presidents and pm 's who have good personal relationships , like roosevelt and churchill , thatcher and reagan , bush and blair , but those are temporary connections based on personal relations . 
  anything major the us does for the uk is based on cost-benefit analysis , and i sincerely hope the reverse is true too . 
  the french , despite being stinky french frog eaters , have had the right idea since ww2 . 
  maintain friendships , but do n't get reliant on anyone more than you have to . 
  i 'd far rather we were besties with the frogs , personally . 
  we were mistreated on the international stage by the us , you asked , i told you when it last happened . 
  i guess i feel it 's better to stay and improve things than simply jump ship and leave everyone else to their fates . 
  you 're all spanish , ultimately . 
  iran is isolated because they choose to be isolated . 
  it 's not our job to be friends with people . 
   maybe it is easy for you to say as a british person , because i can not remember the last time , where your country was mistreated on the international stage . 
  i think you lack understanding of the iranian revolution , it was carried out by diverse groups of people , very much like the syrian civil war is fought by a wide range of different kinds of people . 
  the religious nutters hijacked the revolution and turned the nation into a pariah state by their own actions . 
  their actions cause terrible relations with their neighbours , and with the western world . 
  [ here 's the indie ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/tensions-rise-as-spanish-customs-boat-fires-shots-at-pleasure-craft-in-gibraltars-waters-10471912.html ) so , yeah , shit like that is actually happening , which is insane , i mean obviously we 're the uk so we 're very restrained and softly softly about stuff like that , but firing upon foreign civilian vessels which are sailing in their own waters is literally the sort of stuff which has started wars in the past , and that 's absurd because the uk and spain pretty much * ca n't * go to war , but yet the spanish allow their coast guard and police to behave in such a manner . 
  it 's as if they * want * a reaction , but they * must * know that if britain is to react to this in any way it will not end well for them , so that leaves the option that they 're anticipating no reaction but that it makes them feel good or gives the locals something to feel good about to distract them from shitty politicians and shitty life , and that 's equally insane . 
  also , i do n't actually have any black friends :(, 
   on the other hand , we still make a lot of fuss about entire nations being systematically destroyed and the descendants are still held accountable for it . 
  wait , which ones ?
