   ( non-educated delinquents . 
  had to look that up and suspect others might have to as well . ), 
  apologies , forgot i was in / r/europe and not / r/unitedkingdom . 
  neds has a huge number of different connotations which just do n't seem to apply in the by comparison classless societies found on the mainland , but it 's safe to say that they 're our workingclass turned underclass . 
   if you have another look at [ 1 ] the table i had linked to above , you 'll find that there are many countries with a competitive industry where manufacturing workers are payed much better than in the uk . 
  we ( europe ) should try to compete through innovation , quality and productivity , not cost . 
  no doubt , they 're just like us though , they 're exporting expensive things which are complicated to make . 
  42 % of eu exports are complex machinary and transportation products ( think aircraft , high quality cars , trains , ships ) . 
  another big part of what we do is produce high quality chemical products . 
  we do n't make low grade steel , we do n't produce tables , or even electronic equipment any more . 
  while of course we can compete by applying some of our good qualities as an economic entity , there are certain tasks which are so simple and refined already that basically short of complete automation , which is not technologically feasible yet , we 're not going to be able to compete with the rest of the world . 
  we 've priced ourselves out of these markets , essentially . 
  by having a minimum wage which is massively higher than what the market rate for a job is , we can not compete with those who work for the market wage , and in industries which rely on plenty of unskilled labour just are n't going to exist in the uk unless absolutely necessary . 
  but another consequence of globalization is the emergence of industry clusters around infrastructure like know-how and suppliers . 
  we should try to retain some industries while we still have them , so that financial services have somebody to service . 
  well , currently most of who they service are people outside the uk , but we do have expertise in this country . 
  we have a strong high tech manufacturing , engineering , and energy base in this country , and so long as we just make sure we supply these industries with the things they need to compete ( intelligent , driven individuals , and not too much interference ) they should continue to earn the country a considerable amount of it 's money . 
   sure , but what kind of consequences will this have ? 
  not everybody is well enough equipped to become a financial adviser . 
  a country only needs so many low qualified service employees and thus we have neds . 
   the rich will send their kids to good schools , but the poor wo n't be able to afford this . 
  i had hoped this kind of society was a thing of the past . 
  indeed , but the problem is that financial services are actually worth quite a lot , where-as the jobs that low skilled service or manufacturing workers in this country do are artificially kept incredibly highly paid . 
  cleaners and lunch ladies and all the other min . 
  wage folk think it 's terrible that bankers and financiers earn what they do , but at least they 're actually worth that to the world ( rightly or wrongly , they are ) . 
  we could have cleaners from india or bangladesh or some other shit hole working for a # 5-10 a day , not # 6 an hour . 
  globalisation is redefining the idea that you have rich countries and poor countries , what we 're going to get is rich people and poor people , spread all over the place . 
  the low skilled workers in a country like the uk are just simply too numerous , and too expensive for what they actually do , which is nothing that some person from the far east would n't do just as well for 5 % -10 % of the cost . 
  it 's utterly unfair to children born into poverty , totally meritocratic , and completely without social mobility . 
  i 'm not sure it 's a world i want to live in , but it is a world i accept is fairly inevitable at this point . 
   there 's also the question whether such a service industry will be sustainable in the long term . 
  in the end , high level services are still a part of the value chain . 
  in a global economy as serious as ours i suspect the fsi has a long long time to go before it becomes redundent . 
  having large organisations stocked with people who know an awful lot about banking , investment , the markets , corporate strategy , etc. 
  is a very valuable thing . 
   electronics used to be high up , but i bet your smartphone was made in china . 
  my shitphone was made in finland :(  eventually , even financial services will go where the customers are , because their asian clients like to sleep during the night . 
  this is a possibility , hence why we need to be competitive . 
  ultimately of course the world is going to flatten out and few countries are going to have wide scale advantages over others . 
  for instance right now china makes loads of stuff but does n't really have a mature fsi , so we do a lot of that for them . 
  once they get their own fsi , we 'll probably be better at times , and them at times , so we 'll all have to share the pie . 
  in the uk we basically have to hope that the rate at which the pie grows in size correlates with the rate at which we have to increasingly share it , otherwise our standard of living is going to enter a serious decline . 
  in the uk we do n't bet everything on one horse , but the financial capital of the world has to be * somewhere * , and right now it happens to be london , and that makes us lots of money and that 's a good thing . 
  britain is a small country with high population density , a decent education and healthcare system , highly functioning infrastructure , and a large graduate class in it 's society . 
  these attributes are a big part of the reason we have the fsi in the uk , but they 're also very flexible attributes which should allow the country to rapidly refocus if the need arises . 
  i do n't think it 's bleak , we * are * a services based economy . 
  we manufacture on the side , i just dislike the idea that we 're a country who do n't make * anything * any more , when it 's demonstrably not true if anyone spends 5 minutes looking into it . 
  the uk is going to gradually manufacture less and less which is n't ultra-high value , and so we 're probably going to see our manufacturing base continue to decline as poorer nations become better at manufacturing more complicated things . 
  but we 're already a country set up around services ( particularly the fsi ) and so we 're got plenty of scope for earning money by increasing and improving all of the new manufacturing countries heard earned pennies . 
  forgotten ? 
  i do n't consider the notion of exporting services to be particularly valid . 
  i 'm well aware of the contribution of the fsi to the uk economy , but the point in the title seemed to be that we no longer export materials ( of any kind ) and so my counterargument was pointed toward that . 
  i perhaps should have included the observed comparison you made in my above post as i had considered though . 
  my point indeed was that we produce a surprising amount of stuff for what is essentially a highly services orientated economy . 
   oh it 's gon na boost exports ? 
  what exports ? 
  we 're the 9th largest exporter in the world , exporting approximately # 260 billion of goods per year ( that puts us in top 5 % of countries ) . 
  we export goods worth roughly the entire gdp of norway , or iran . 
  put another way , that 's # 3,600 worth of goods , per person , per year . 
  for our size as a country we produce large quantities of : oil gas chemicals ( we have the 2nd largest chemical company in the world ) alcohol pharmaceuticals ( 2nd and 3rd largest companies in the world based in uk ) high tech engineering products arms yachts , some ships too tobacco products food products fashion/clothing and quite a bit of other stuff too . 
  so ... those exports . 
  the myth that british manufacturing is dead is just that , a myth . 
  we are damn good at making stuff . 
  just because heavy industry is no longer worthwhile when you have to pay people # 6.00 an hour does n't mean we do n't manufacture . 
  britain manufactures , it does it well , and it does a lot of it . 
  edit : not entirely sure what 's downvotable about this response . 
  does someone disagree with my figures ? 
   i 'm pretty sure less than half of the greek voting population actually votes out of protest . 
  though i do n't have a source on hand . 
  well , that 's their problem . 
  you ca n't not take part and then complain that the people who did take part made things shit . 
  it 's 1 vote to 1 person , yes there can be money and connections involved , but ultimately it 's 1 person 1 vote . 
   it 's hard to not vote for the corrupt politicians when all politicians are corrupt . 
  so elect people who are n't politicians , elect plumbers and doctors and bin-men . 
  elect whoever the fuck you want , you 're in charge . 
   i 've always hated when people blame the voters in so-called `` democracies '' when there is usually no difference at all between the possible candidates . 
  the list of candidates is not restricted . 
  you 're not being blamed because you had two choices and you picked a shitty one or did n't pick one at all , you 're being blamed because you can pick anyone you want to who stands for your views , and if no-one stands for your views you can stand for them yourself . 
  if you want a good democracy you have to participate beyond just saying `` they 're all shit '' . 
  i suppose it was only a matter of time really :(, 
  i 'm from northern europe , i do not know this lady . 
  personally , intimately , or otherwise . 
  because they were being violent . 
  only secret policemen are violent , doncha know ? 
   since 2009 people in greece have seen their income reduced significantly , and prices of goods and services ( and taxes ) , either remained more or less constant , or were raised . 
  there is a significant part of the population for which [ 1 ] poverty is the reality . 
  [ 2 ] unemployment and [ 3 ] suicide rates are soaring . 
  a lot of people in greece find it more and more difficult to survive every day , so yes for them the country is headed in the wrong direction . 
  that 's the understandable , but childish way of looking at things . 
  if i take heroin for 10 years and then stop , i will feel terrible . 
  the withdrawal symptoms will make me shake and scream and i will want to take more heroin , that does not mean taking heroin again is the right `` direction '' . 
  you feel me ? 
  i get that greeks are going through a shitty time right now , but that 's not because of current policies , that 's because of past policies . 
  the shitty times are here , and they are real , and they are unavoidable . 
  to avoid them in the short term is to experience collapse in the long term , and that will just mean shitty times for 50-100 years , instead of shitty times for a decade or two . 
   finally i believe that the goal is not to prevent a default of greece , but its consequences for the banks that are exposed to greek bonds . 
  i agree that the effects of a greek default would be unpleasant ( major understatement ) for the greeks , but as you said before this is not the reason the eu is lending greece . 
  again , of course it is n't . 
  there should n't be anything wrong with that . 
  but your logic just does n't especially make sense to me .
