  expensive to fly to unfortunately , my flights from lhr to kiev cost me # 380 return , and that did n't include getting to london either . 
  i ca n't say i 'd go to ukraine on a holiday if i did n't have any link to it . 
  brits go to tunisia . 
  i know several people who 've been and i even know a lassy who is going this month . 
  she booked a holiday , in a muslim country , during ramadan , so it 's safe to say she 's not planning on sampling the culture and discovering the ancient ruins of carthage . 
  cheap sunshine in resorts with people who speak english , that 's the reason people pick north africa . 
  southern europe has gotten more expensive . 
  it 's very cheap , you 're guaranteed good sunshine , and the resorts are built purely to do that shit . 
  i pretty much came here to say this . 
  it seems like syriza have pretty much attempted to do things their way with the imf/eu , failed , and now are saying `` welp , our way did n't work , what do you all want us to do now ? '', 
  it seems like a total failure of representative government , but entirely along the lines of what i expected , judging by their previously amateurish behaviour , unfortunately . 
  oh come on you know what i meant by what i said ... you 're objecting for the sake of being right on the internet . 
  care to explain your thinking on that one chum ? 
  you 're enjoying your new found residence then ? 
  what were you before , spam or prisoner ? 
  how awesome are real pints eh ? 
  i know i know but as far as i 'm concerned britain has retreated from london and sacrificed it to the banking and insurance devils from below . 
  it 's no longer part of the uk , it 's a beast in its own right , like a tumour you excise and yet somehow it keeps on living , if you can call that living . 
  ( jokes , i was born there and actually love the place , but it ai n't like any other part of blightly , it 's like what you 'd get if you had a city what was a free city with no border controls where all that mattered was how much money you had which had been built by the brits ) . 
  i mean , i 'm a grown up and a realist ( no , not a `` race-realist '' ) , so i recognise that there are of course going to be good gypsies , and that problems that they have and the hatred they as a people accrue comes from cultural issues , and of course culture , while hard to escape from , is not genetic , is not hardwired . 
  the issue is that gypsies who leave gypsy culture behind stop being gypsies , and just become ... well , just the same as any other person who lives on whatever street in whatever city in whatever country of europe they happen to live in . 
  so what we 're left with is a people where almost all of the good examples are people who 've abandoned their own culture and decided to integrate , and so stop being examples because stop being gypsies , and then the rest are child enslaving thieves and scammers . 
  everyone hates gypsies except for people who 've never encountered gypsies , and other gypsies , and the very very rare odd useful idiot on the left . 
  if you replace `` gypsies '' with `` blacks '' or `` jews '' or even `` muslims '' in my above post it 'd almost certainly have come in for lots of criticism and be downvoted to hell , but it was n't because i said gypsies , and no-one who has actually encountered gypsies has anything positive about them . 
  who the shit let you in ? 
  chirst ... first we get sub-saharan islamic nutters ... now you ... we 'll be letting the french in next !, 
  right , and to a limited extent that 's tolerable . 
  no-one hates there being a small chinatown in a city , y' now ? 
  that said , no-one wants bradford , where you 've got a city now splitting in two , with `` white '' bradford and `` muslim '' bradford . 
  that 's no co-existence , it 's voluntary segregation during the slow takeover of a city by a foreign culture . 
  totally undesirable . 
  indeed not , but i guess not everyone can be so lucky in life eh ? 
  he should gather his armies and remind the northerners who 's in charge . 
  that 's what i 'd do at least . 
  must be a german thing then ... interesting . 
  it seems odd that one could predict what the `` hot '' cost would be . 
  in the uk you 've got council tax which varies depending on who you are , in scotland we pay a flat cost for water but of course electricity and gas vary depending on usage , internet depending on whether you get it , what package you get , what company it comes from . 
  bills vary hugely . 
  have n't been hugely left wing since i was a teenager . 
  umm , when started on le reddit 4 years ago i would probably have described myself as centre left and now i 'd describe myself as centre right overall . 
  not that that makes any difference to being honest about gypsies . 
   how come ? 
  contrary to popular belief , most immigrants do integrate into british society some do , over time . 
  a quarter of all uk births being to foreigners is scary because it takes time to integrate and many cultures do n't integrate much . 
  you say the indians integrate , i point out that the bangladeshis and pakistanis do n't . 
  you mention the poles being largely invisible , i could mention the romanian beggers on every street corner . 
  not that i 'm anti-immigration , i 'm not , i 'm pretty capitalist and that requires a good degree of supply of cheap labour , but i just think the long term health of the country needs to be taken into consideration . 
  immigrants are like steroids for a country , and this country has been on too much gear for too long . 
  oh ... the term `` rent '' does n't include bills , so `` cold rent '' ... not that that 's a term in english , but i guess it must be in some european language ( s ) . 
  it 's actually not really the eu ones that are a social or cultural problem , they are mostly structural in the problems they create , it 's those from outside of the eu . 
  immigration from the eu , aside from gypsies who are of course a negative wherever they are , is basically not a social or cultural issue . 
  average rent in eur ( as the above figure gives rent in ) is 1680 for a two bed where i am , or about 900-950 for a one bed . 
  the nearest other real city to me , edinburgh is n't much lower . 
  i do n't get why everyone in london thinks houses outside of london are all free . 
  they 're not , rents * really are * very high across much of the uk . 
  what 's cold and warm rent ? 
  this is kinda true . 
  i was watching a video clip on the bbc about a woman who 'd lost all of her savings via a trojan on her computer , some social engineering , and some bad luck ( essentially she got scammed ) . 
  so obviously , you feel sorry for her , she says she 's 59 , she should be retiring soon and she has no savings now , no pension , and how she was going to buy a buy-to-let house to fund her pension . 
  but then i thought ... you know what ? 
  fuck that . 
  that 's parts of the reason houses are so expensive in the uk . 
  all the older people buy up houses , and then us younger people pay them # 902 ( apparently ) a month when we could be paying mortgages of # 650 a month . 
  they 're like ticket scalpers for concerts , that 's all they are . 
  my sympathy for this woman ended when it occurred to me that she had intended to fund her retirement via some poor 20 something kids working every hour they can just to make rent . 
  not just london tbh , average two bed is # 1200 up in shitey aberdeen too . 
  you look at practical issues , but the main issue is neither financial nor infrastructural , it 's cultural and social . 
  well that 's terrifying . 
  edit : anyone else for some leaded wine ? 
   russian nukes and delivery systems are way ... way outdated compared to the opposite side . 
  u w0t ? 
  russia have developed ** 9 ** icbms since the americans developed their last one , and their latest entered production in 2010 , while the only currently produced american icbm was produced in 1970 . 
  the trident d5 entered service in 1990 and there have been concerns ( from what i 've read , cba sourcing that so take it as you please ) about its performance , while the ruskies brought out their latest ssbn in 2011 . 
  russian delivery systems could theoretically be * inferior * to american ones , but to call them out-dated by comparison is just plain false . 
  ooh it 's the actual author of the videos , where you from buddeh ? 
  nah , south western highlands perhaps . 
  oban / fort william way . 
  [ actually ... ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s04zswj1uda1 ), 
  right because the whole referendum issue is a great thing for foreigners to be making jokes about , and it went down really well when the english did not prior to the vote ... 
  i honestly could n't give a fuck about football , so does n't really apply in my case . 
  i have no idea if you 're being serious or not , but neither had i , i just made up something offensive since i 'm evidently not a * real * scot if i 'm polite and inoffensive . 
  very true , although you 're only competing against the americans there so that 's not a fair fight . 
  oh ... you thought i was being serious ? 
  i 'm so sorry for you ... 
  fuck off ya mary idolising cunt . 
  real enough for you ? 
  `` at least we have our freedom '' is pretty condescending . 
  we do . 
  ( and yes , we also have the best whisky , but that goes without saying  ), 
  well that 's not condescending in the slightest . 
  you do n't currently discriminate based on where a person is from ? 
  oh , well , i think it 's very often true , obviously that 's quite subjective but if you go into many an uk & eu thread then you 'll see plenty of evidence . 
  i 've never seen threads with 5 or 6 top posts of `` the danes should just leave if they do n't like x piece of legislation '' . 
  well , that 's not really what i said . 
  i said that it 's by far the biggest nation which * has * a sizable portion of eurosceptics , which is clearly true . 
  there are 13 brits for every 1 dane . 
  make the eu * less * democratic ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  why 's that ? 
  well , norway does n't really matter here , but yeah , nl , be , se , uk , dk , and fi all have their eurosceptics and all need to be paid attention to .
