  not a complicated concept really . 
   they all said that they have more than 60 % of their vehicles combat ready that 's dire . 
  ok , so perhaps the usable number may be higher , but still , 40 % of their kit is n't certifiable ? 
  that 's awful . 
  the `` us '' that killed the native americans became the `` you '' that typed that . 
  if only you had any airworthy aircraft to fly away with those bombs :(, 
  good point well made , there are far too many in europe who say things like `` the cold war is over , why do we need a strong military ? '', 
  or `` world wars are a thing of the past '' . 
  these people think that those who advocate for strong militaries are war mongerers or paranoid delusionals . 
  that 'd be just wonderful . 
  a germany which could actually do something with its military ? 
  amazing !, 
  right , we should clearly be taking from a country known only for genocide , among the people who 've actually heard of it . 
   \u2022 the years after ww2 , when germany was basically not allowed to have more than a little police force conscription was introduced a decade after ww2 , and the bundeswehr was half a million troops for much of the cold war . 
  yes , true , in the first 5-8 years the west german military was very small , but this did n't last long . 
  agree with the rest of what you say though . 
  but lavrov is possibly actually quite sincere about the rubbish he spouts . 
  it 's hard to be sure whether that man is an amazing liar or somewhat crazy . 
  because that would start a war we might not win . 
  ireland does n't have anything to shoot planes down with except manpads with 8km range . 
  they 're essentially totally reliant on the uk for air defence ( and all defence , really ) . 
  that 's a joke , right ? 
  so to avoid using bags , we buy bags ? 
  scotland has a 5 pence plastic bag charge , which is all well and good and is clearly working to some extent , but if no-one gets plastic bags from supermarkets what are we all supposed to use for bins ? 
  this is awful . 
  i finished a two week hitch today and rode a chopper home . 
  obviously these are very rare occurrences and i 'm not thinking ` what if it had been me ' , but i was just going home after my two weeks , and so we 're these guys . 
  now i 'm sat in a restaurant having a beer and food and theyre lying dead . 
  horrible . 
  tragic . 
  sad :(, 
  you said militarily threaten . 
  like i said , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  * http://www.janes.com/defence * http://breakingdefense.com/ * http://www.defensenews.com/ start reading regularly if you want to actually gain some idea . 
  edit : i suppose i could ask , why do you feel it such a laughable idea that any of the aforementioned countries could present a potential threat to europe ? 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  many nations supplied other nations with material during the war . 
  the idea that the ussr did n't stand a chance against the nazis is fanciful though . 
  you 've literally posted a modified propaganda poster . 
  jeez . 
  well you know , i just figured if you 're going to spread propaganda you 'd want it to be at least vaguely accurate . 
  the us could destroy every single eu countries militaries , combined , fighting together . 
  if that does n't qualify as `` militarily threaten '' i do n't know what does . 
  why are you quite sure ? 
  you think the us could n't destroy europe if it wanted ( and i 'm not talking about nuclear forces , purely conventional ) ? 
  i 'm not delusional , you 're hopelessly ignorant as to the disposition of modern militaries . 
  right kbr have n't been part of halliburton for 9 years , so , perhaps you want to amend your claim ? 
  source on that please matey . 
  ah right so you * are * being sarcastic . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  the yanks did n't win stalingrad . 
  thanks can drive over land , and the russians have plenty of vehicles , both logistical and combat . 
  i think people under-estimate the russians power projection capabilities simply because they do n't have carriers or massive air lift capabilities . 
  halliburton are an oil services company , they sell tools and fluids . 
  no need to scrap , you guys should just unilaterally withdraw and carry out all european defense arrangements on an at-will , bilateral level where it benefits the united states . 
  europe deserves its fate , whatever that may be . 
  the usa and russia . 
  turkey to an extent . 
  egypt to an extent . 
  china in 10-20 years . 
  why not 0 ? 
   even the uk mostly uses the typhoons for intercepts . 
  what else would we use ? 
  fair enough though , i agree with pretty much everything else you say . 
  oh well , i guess the mig-21 's provide some vroom vroom for the pilots to cut about in . 
  they 're not useful for much else . 
  true , but is there any use to supersonic jets which will be shot down instantly ? 
  yeah , modern fighter trainers are more effective than mig-21 's for most purposes . 
  they can carry modern munitions , more munitions , are slower , but more maneuverable . 
  also better for training pilots and that 's all the romanian airforce is right now . 
  mig 's are fast though . 
  nuclear is far from inevitable , and you 've missed the point regarding the romanian air force . 
  offended ? 
  edit : you 're buying 40 year old jets from a country which ca n't afford to maintain those 40 year old jets . 
  you can perhaps see where i 'm coming from . 
   car user says his car is the best in the world shocker ... 
  as luciwiz said , they 're probably * not * maintaining them , but rather just cannibalising and writing off any airframe which becomes too much work or expense to keep airworthy . 
  plus there 's probably a good 2nd hand parts market given that there were 11,000 of them produced and no serious military is still using them . 
  of course there 's that too , but your military has comparatively low funding so to expect modern 4.5 th or 5th gen 100 million dollar planes is a bit ambitious just yet . 
  for example , the uk 's military budget is over 30 times that of romania , with only twice as many personnel , and we 're procuring about 140 f-35 's over a 10 year period . 
  since there 's no point having a 5000 person military with 5 f-35 's to go with it , the romanian armed forces will need to gradually steer towards current generation technology rather than just trying to jump right in . 
  romania is , to my eyes , modernising in an intelligent manner rather than trying to put the cart before the horse . 
  edit : also , i did n't mean offence by the super-poor thing , but we 've got single regions of our country which have higher gdps than romania , so it 's a relative thing . 
  there 's worse things to be called :p, 
  they would be far better for that role , yes , since they 're as effective or more effective than mig-21 's . 
  however modern jet trainers cost about 25 million usd each , while mig-21 's that you already have in your inventory are essentially free . 
  that is to say , the romanians ca n't afford modern jet trainers * and * new fighter jets , so they 're opting for the latter alone . 
  i 'd agree except finland should n't be in that list . 
  average gross wages in finland are on par with the big three , nl , waffle land , austria , etc. , and i do n't believe that taxes in finland are lower than the uk , germany , or austria . 
  they have 16 on order from portupoor . 
  the most important thing for romania reference their air force is to maintain skills , so mig 21 is better than nothing . 
  they 're useless in a shooting war , and the f-16 's they 're getting from portugal are outdated and small in number , but if/when romania stops being super-poor and can buy some modern 4.5 th or 5th gen fighter jets , they 'll need capable pilots , and at that point their current fighters will have fulfilled their purpose . 
  it 's just the usual in-group out-group dynamic , and they feel more closely aligned based on skin colour , religion , and ethnic origin than they do french . 
  brown muslims attacked paris , they 're brown muslims , they do n't like the idea that the group they feel a part of might have produced the baddies , so they instead just decide that the group they 're less keen on being part of produced the baddies . 
  essentially , they 're rejecting france , and frenchness . 
  not people you want in your country . 
  yeah but people from africa and their kids often do n't trust tap water . 
  you see africans buying 20l of bottled water at a time in the supermarket when the stuff from the tap is perfectly drinkable . 
  as a brit who uses trains in dutchland , they 're cheap but not great . 
  they 're crowded , small , and have no space for luggage .
