  are your handjobs that bad !? 
  dude that was fairly obviously not a serious point ... dayum ... 
  christ you lot are n't good at jokes are you ? 
  ... ` cos sweden is historically and still currently known as one of the most accommodating and immigrant friendly countries within europe , an already extremely accommodating and immigrant friendly place . 
  yellow is considered racist yeah , oriental is also falling out of favour but fuck it , i 'll use it if i want to . 
   mixed race will it ? 
  fuck , i 'll jokingly say half-breeds ( about any nationality mix , not related to colour specifically ) - i did n't know now that lefties had decided mixed race was the next term which had to be banned . 
  yes but you 're swedish , the rest of us are still surprised that you do n't all build spare bedrooms in your homes for immigrants to sleep in for free while they get cash together to rent their own place . 
  so you ca n't describe someone as black ? 
  you 'd say what , african and hope you 're right ? 
  the whole black/coloured thing just seems to alternate every 20 years . 
  for a while it 's immensely rude to use the term black , then it 's immensely rude to use the term coloured , and so on and so forth , despite both being accurate . 
  it 's the feelings-brigade who 'll get upset if anyone uses the wrong one . 
  we 'll tend to call them asylum seekers because by the time they hit ours shores they 're normally claiming that , but i do n't think anyone has any issue with saying `` illegal immigrant '' and it seems prissy of the ap to get rid of the term . 
  the thing i said being  attempted ( if perhaps did n't succeed ) to make tax fairer . 
  you 're a bit of an annoying you are , accept that not everyone is going to agree with you 100 % and stop whining about it eh ? 
  wot ? 
  look i 'm sorry but household income stats have never taken net debt or borrowings into account . 
  it asks `` how much do you all earn ? '', 
  and puts that in a pot and reports that number . 
  that 's it . 
  nothing `` negates my point '' because i never claimed otherwise , and i can be certain there are fuck all stats on household debt differences levellised to a year 2000 pound from 1979 and 1989 . 
  they did n't increase the parity , but her policies did increase their wealth and lives . 
  further to that , over her time as leader household ownership went from about 1/3 of the population to about 2/3, 
  hehehe , not paying anything eh ? 
  the royal marines could do with a good outing ... 
  household income does n't take account for income from debt or outgoings due to debt . 
  that depends what average i took , if i recall i was working with median which would actually make you wrong , although as i say i regretfully like the reddit-fu to find the post i made , and it was a good 6 months or so ago i think . 
  i know mate , i even looked for the post i made but when i searched the reddits i 'm most likely to have said it in with `` specofdust thatcher '' hoping to find the post it seemed that it would only search my threads , not my posts , so i 'm not sure how to find it which is rather annoying because i must have spent a good 30 minutes or so working out average incomes , adjusting them for inflation and so forth , and came out with the rather surprising figure that the average family was actually significantly better off at the end of thatchers time than the beginning . 
  she broke the unions and ended what were essentially unprofitable but state subsidised industries , she also privatised many uk state owned assets , and she introduced a tax in scotland called the poll tax , which was a tax per person instead of per household , which was n't very good for the poor . 
  to some she was an evil lady who destroyed the industry of millions of workers , and with their industry their towns , introduced unfair taxations , sold off all the state 's assets , and tried to raise tax on the poor . 
  to others she broke the unions stranglehold on the british economy , ended the three day working week , got britain back to work and heavily increased the economy , the average personal income of each family , and attempted ( if perhaps did n't succeed ) to make tax fairer . 
  you 'll hear both of those accounts over the next few days , but mainly the former one . 
  she was elected to perform a role which a minority of people in this country are vocally unhappy about to this day and as it costs them nothing and makes them in `` solidarity '' with the cool kids , many others jump on the bandwagon . 
  honestly if you think she genuinely meant ill for the poor of this country i think you 're a bit of an idiot , but whatever . 
  whether you approve of the ladies policies or not , it still costs nothing to show a bit of reserve in the immediate hours after her death . 
   who i believe to be one of the worst human-beings of the 20th century . 
  wow . 
  tagging you as `` hopelessly fucking ignorant '' i guess then ... 
  i suppose we wo n't be talking again . 
  what chomsky of course fails to mention though ( because he 's as partisan as piers morgan ) is that the average family was far better off when thatcher left office than when thatcher came into office . 
  i did the numbers sometime ages ago , it was about a 20 or 30 % increase in real terms spending money . 
  pretty huge really . 
  23 years and she was a baroness , first female pm . 
  would n't be surprised tbh . 
  if there 's a riot i would love to see some good old police state beat down though . 
  fuck funeral protesters . 
  because she was a human being , and for better or worse , probably did her best to improve things . 
  you can at least wait 5 minutes for those who cared about her to have their grieving in peace before breaking out the champagne . 
  or you know , just not crassly celebrate a human being 's death ? 
  indeed so , although i think given that you 're all going to be paying debt to us for the next century we may be having the last laugh :p, 
  very silly of them . 
  someone obviously did n't understand the culture of wikipedia and failed to realise that the article would be immediately restored and the streisand effect could well kick in ( as it clearly has ) . 
  in a universal context , everything you 've ever seen or known is . 
  but yes :p edit : and in case you were wondering , yes , the misspelling is intentional - i felt the k really ruined the aesthetic of the typed word , so dropped it . 
  sure , you 're successful for your size , but size is always going to be a limiting factor . 
  the icelandic economy , by nature of the fact that the entire population could fit in a medium-small city , is tiny . 
  free trade with iceland will not upset the chinese economy because there are only 12 people in iceland . 
  the eu is the largest economic bloc on the planet , and has significant potential to affect the chinese economy if they lack the insulation of their current protectionist policies . 
  i think you misunderstand my point . 
  i 'm not saying that free trade is bad , i 'm saying that free trade restricts the control a country has over its economy , and so china will not be able to currently enter into an fta with the eu as they would lose too much control of their economy . 
  free trade with china probably would n't work , since china likes having strong control over their economy , and to actually abide by free trade rules with the largest economic bloc in the world would remove a lot of that control . 
  damn , that 's some serious significant figures . 
  ^ yes , ^ i ^ know ^ about ^ the ^ comma ^ period ^ thing . 
   another generalization and even more cherry picking . 
  they get married away by their families for economic and/or political ties . 
  this is also happening in other non-muslim countries today in 2013 such as nepal and india . 
  actually i was n't referencing religion when i mentioned child rapists , i was making a point about judging based on knowledge . 
  nice way to follow through with your own generalised prejudices there i guess . 
  that said , in retort to the above quote , so what ? 
   i do n't take these verses seriously because the vast majority of muslims do n't kill non-believers and it 's very easy cherry picking a centuries old religious book written in arabic which is exactly what i mean by learning to think critically . 
  the people might be fine but the book is shit . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
   you 're judging people you do n't know and that is always wrong . 
  but i know something about them . 
  so , what , judging child rapists as bad people is always wrong because you have n't met them yet ? 
  come on now sir , lets be grownups . 
  no , but to call them `` racist '' is a criticism which just is n't valid . 
  they 're not at an institutional level , and the fact that some members may be racist does * not * make the party racist anymore than any other party . 
  it 's a standard tactic of delegitimisation , largely by those from left of centre , in order to not actually have to win any arguments , and so that they can act like the positions they do n't like are n't just wrong , they 're not even legitimate positions to have . 
  right but all parties are going to be attractive or unattractive to racists to one degree or another . 
  that ukip want stricter controls on immigration naturally means that they 'll be more likely to support ukip . 
  just as those who would favour stalinism may be inclined to vote for labour . 
  i get extremely tired of people calling ukip racist , because the accusation is in no way justified unless all sorts of * horrible * things apply to all other parties . 
   and kill them wherever you overtake them and expel them from wherever they have expelled you , and fitnah is worse than killing . 
  and do not fight them at al-masjid al - haram until they fight you there . 
  but if they fight you , then kill them . 
  such is the recompense of the disbelievers . 
  it 's not uncritical to say that a religion which comes from a book which tells believers to kill you is bad . 
   i still do n't understand how one can hate something without a negative previous encounter with it . 
  ok , fine , you do n't understand . 
  nevertheless people do , people hate religion for the crusades , for the inquisitions , for the witch trials , for stoning young women who just want to go to school , for cutting the hands of men who steal to feed their family . 
   i 'm not a believer but i do n't hate anyone or any religion . 
  ditto the religion part at least . 
   considering that religion is interpreted differently person by person and that there are so many sects and variations of them makes it even sillier to do so . 
  religion comes from a book or books , you can hate the religion without hating all the believers . 
  there 's nothing wrong though with saying that you negatively judge people for holding ridiculous or damaging beliefs . 
  you 're claiming that ukip * do * have racist parties ? 
  could you highlight which ones ? 
  honestly i do n't think many anti-semites know anything about or give a fuck about the religion .
