  could you provide evidence why this is so ? 
  the guy holds a phd and seems to be extremely reasoned and remarkably statesman like - a considerable improvement on the old guard of ukrainian politics ( on both sides ) . 
  this was surely just in one pub though ? 
  honestly i 'd walk out of any bar that wanted to charge me to drink beer * and * to piss . 
  pick one , bastards !, 
  oh not this shit again . 
  quota 's for every job or quotas for none . 
  if we 're going to force 50 % of board 's to be female then we should force 50 % of teachers to be male , and 50 % of coal miners or soldiers or construction workers to be female . 
  unless you 're morocco , in which case being over the pond = shit out of luck . 
  til you 're a fucking moron . 
  well technically race is just an archaic 19th century social construct , what whatever . 
  i added in hispanics , ` cos if spanish people are white the so are hispanics , that 's always been a really bullshitty definition of white . 
   you , a british person , are sitting here and lecturing an american about what the us is like . 
  i 'm simply saying that it 's not an especially diverse country . 
   and using made up figures at that . 
  taken from wikipedia , call them made up if you 'd like . 
  they 're all there . 
  i spent plenty of my spare time reading about demographics ( and assorted other facts and figures on sovereign countries ) and have spent a few months in various parts of the us . 
  * you * are being contrarian my good man , 
  my knowledge of the us is not so limited that i do n't have a good grasp of the demographics of it . 
  this debate is extremely tiresome , and i 'm not sure what you 're setting out to prove , especially given that you 'd have to do some magic or some teleportation to convince anyone sane and intelligent that the us is one of the most diverse countries in the world . 
  oh dear god stop being so fucking tiring . 
  in one or more of the characteristics i mentioned above . 
  good enough ? 
  belgium is split down the middle in terms of language and culture . 
  india has hundreds or thousands of languages . 
  china has about 30-40 native ethnic groups , turky has an entirely seperate cultural group in it ( the kurds ) who 're completely culturally and linguistically isolated , and iraq ... well if you ca n't figure that out by now then fuck it , i do n't care . 
  ok , well belgium , iraq , turkey , china , india ... i could go on . 
  there are loads of countris which are * far * more diverse than the relatively homogeneous usa . 
  you mean to a country which is nearly 90 % white , almost entirely of a christian background , where over 80 % of people 's first language was english and only about 5 % of the population does n't speak fluently ? 
  while there may be issues relating to immigration in france , this most of all just reminded me that russians tend to be * really , really * racist . 
   by any measure , one of the most diverse societies on earth that 's a joke , right ? 
  tell me that 's a joke . 
  i disagree . 
  the uk has over a thousand years of strong interactions between denmark and england , and norway and scotland . 
  parts of modern day scotland were norwegian for up to half a millennia . 
  we also share a great deal more in language than for instance , finland or estonia and say , denmark do . 
  in some ways we have a far more west nordic culture than you do too . 
  i wo n't pretend that the uk and norway are like denmark and sweden , but certainly we 're very much within northern europe , and have been playing around with the viking nations for a good 1500 years or so . 
  also i knew you meant nordic countries , but you did n't say it and i refuse to accept the conflation of nordic = northern europe . 
  indeed !, 
  the french sure can lie ... 
  well , we * do * make up 62 % of the population of northern europe , so it 's not like they 're completely ignoring it . 
   name one other tool ? 
  get involved in politics . 
  get involved in the police . 
  organise a general strike . 
  start murdering off duty policemen . 
  start arming yourself and fighting policemen there are lots of options , some of them quite useful , some pretty terrible , i 'm not advocating or condemning any here , just pointing out that photography is n't the only method by which police brutality can be met ( although i agree it 's one of the superior ones ) . 
  not the only tool , just one of the simpler ones . 
  there are plenty of solutions to police brutality . 
   you 're dealing in concepts without clear definitions . 
  which concepts are those ? 
   i was trying to make the point that if something is a requirement of life itself , not a standard of life or a desire or anything like that , then it should be given strong consideration as a right . 
  and i was making the point that legal `` rights '' are a different animal from the concept of natural rights , and that to conflate the two waters down the power of the idea of the latter . 
   i was going to bring up bechtels antics in bolivia , as well as various more recent legal cases where people were prosecuted and jailed for collecting rainwater . 
  that 's what i was alluding to when i mentioned water falling freely from the sky . 
  i had hoped it would be a prelude to a more involved conversation . 
  in that case i probably overstepped the mark in my reply , i thought you were harking back to an alex salmond type comment in which he ridiculed the idea of paying for drinking water , because it falls out of the sky for free ( which is quite obviously retarded ) . 
   if water was declared as a human right water can not be a human right anymore than salt or bananas can be . 
  access to water can be , provision of water can be , and so on , but `` water is a human right '' as it stands is emotional garbage and nowt more . 
  well overall i completely agree with the idea of religious unity between the religions of the eu ( although i 'm inclined towards the idea that the eu should be prepping for a post religious society , since we 'll be majority atheist across the eu within a generation or so . 
  the negative thing here is the use of a hammer and sickle as if it 's any less unacceptable than a swastika , which it is n't . 
  for the first and probably last time regarding this guy , i 'm going to have to say : he 's got a point , the hammer and sickle has no more place on that poster than the swastika does . 
  yes it 's clear i am . 
  i 've made several fairly lengthy posts on the topic of rights . 
  rights fall into the concept of ethics - so if you want that explained then read what i 've posted . 
  if you want to ask about specific sentences i 've said then start quoting them to me , because i 've been engaged in a lengthy debate on rights with a fairly decent chap ( who disagrees with me but eloquently so ) and the central theme behind the whole thing has been the ethics of rights . 
  oh my christ . 
  look , read my posts again . 
  if you understand them then respond to specific parts , if you do n't , maybe just stop posting , yeah ? 
   for all this philosophy you 've tried to bring , you seem to be saying human rights should be judged on how much they cost to you personally . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying in the slightest . 
  i 'm saying that without any sort of ethical justification or grounding , human rights are just group decision on `` i want x '' or `` i dont want x '' - and that while negative rights are relatively simple to justify within a moral framework , positive rights are not . 
  did you even read my posts ? 
   and thanks for the insults , that brings a lot the discussion and it shows more about your character than it does mine . 
  well frankly , when you open up your entry to the conversation with a line as ridiculous as yours was , and then go on to display the fact that you 've * completely * misread an entire conversation , i 'm going to call a spade a spade . 
  you 're clearly an idiot . 
  my objection is to the concept of `` water '' being a positive human right , as has been laid out quite clearly . 
  if you need it boiled down to a single sentence like that then just go to / r/askreddit or / r/funny or something and play with the children there . 
  as to the idea that water is free , seriously ? 
  because most of us pay for it . 
  and in the world those who do n't tend to drink horribly polluted water which gives them disease . 
   i do n't claim the reason is `` cos ' i said so '' . 
  i claim the reason human rights are human rights is because they are agreed upon , codified and signed as such . 
  ok , but that 's essentially because lots of people have said `` cos i said so '' - it 's a legal right that way , not any sort of inherent or forever unchanging right . 
   this way i do not have to rely on some conception of `` natural rights '' . 
  indeed you do n't , but you ca n't argue with more than facts . 
  if you say `` water is a human right '' without relying on natural rights then the only answer to that is to look up the legal books and find out if it is or is n't . 
  the concept of the value of rights is , i would argue , somewhat lost that way . 
   first of all , i do not claim that water is a human right . 
  i might argue that it should be a human right , though . 
  you 're being smart there . 
   second , quoting wikipedia , `` these rights may exist as natural rights or as legal rights , in both national and international law . '', 
  following the second definition , i claim that it is a human right the moment it is declared a human right by the general assembly . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  you 're still kind of dodging the question . 
  i mean a legal right is supposed to be codified right of a non-legal kind . 
  this seems kind of like the whole recourse to god `` well god started it all '' thing that christians do . 
   based on the lowest common denominators already recognized/agreed upon in the human rights treaties the words may be agreed on but i assure you debate rages as to what those words mean .
