  they 've already shown themselves to be fine with invading other nations , annexing the land of others , they clearly have no political or moral qualms about doing so , they have nukes , and they have a powerful military . 
  on top of that , the state opposes the eu and views it as `` the enemy '' , and from there approaches a position based on that . 
  russia need not have made itself an enemy of the eu but they have and that 's just the breaks , so now they are . 
  france probably considers this to be a great business opportunity . 
  a federal eu would be good here so we could make selling weapons to enemies a treasonous crime . 
  i think it would do us all good if the us dissolved nato ( as , let 's face it , us withdrawl from nato would signal the end of nato ) . 
  the us could focus on what 's important to it without having to feel beholden to a small number of european countries , and the eu would have to actually come up with a credible defense against near eastern adversaries . 
  they wo n't care what we say any more than they do about what the us says . 
  they believe they can totally rely upon the uk , france , and the us for their defence and , for the time being , they 're correct . 
  too many europeans live under the illusion that war is a thing of the past and they are totally safe now and forever , that militaries are no longer required and that the only reason any country has one is for war mongering and evil invasions . 
  oh i know it wo n't happen , but it would be the best option . 
  an anglo-french military , will , by nature of us being the only two serious militaries in europe , create quite a force . 
  it 's just a shame that most of the other half of the money the eu spends on military stuff is wasted on tiny or useless militaries . 
  this would be a prime candidate for the first proper federalised area , with an eu wide defence tax . 
  2 % of gdp , eu wide . 
  we 'd have a military budget about 55-60 % of that of the us , and with integration of our military that would give us by far the 2nd most powerful military on the planet . 
  that does , as you tell it , sound political . 
  that said , if the ukrainian conflict caused increased inspection into russo-eu deals which found that they were in violation of eu law then no-one can really complain about that . 
   also , because people here are saying `` fuck you russia '' when russia threatens to back out of deal with georgia and ukraine no no no , people say `` fuck you russia '' because russia has invaded ukraine , and because russia does n't say `` we 're cancelling deals '' it says `` if you join the eu very bad stuff will happen and you 'll pay for it in the future '' - which sounds distinctly like a threat . 
  i do n't see the issue here , why do you think this is unfair ? 
  the eu `` cancelled '' a deal between bulgaria and russia ? 
   credibility as a modern , reasonable state . 
  you say that as if they have any left whatsoever ? 
  when is there an obvious benefit to increasing defence spending except in times of war though ? 
  [ black swan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_swan_theory ) events are what i 'm worried about . 
  ww2 pretty much had a few years notice to anyone paying attention , but ww1 arguably did n't , and plenty of other major wars have started in very short order . 
  risk is not just likelihood , but is likelihood x consequence . 
  i like living , and i 'd like to keep living . 
  i acknowledge that the chances of an existential black swan war are low , but the consequences of one occurring seem serious enough to me that maintaining a military with 2 % of what we earn seems wise , and i do n't particularly want there to be nations in the alliance which expect others to pay for them . 
   they do n't though . 
  it depends on purchasing power and market conditions in each country . 
  the us is a very cheap place to do a lot of things -- land and labor are cheap . 
  that only makes a difference if you 're basing contribution on output and not input . 
  2 % of two similarly sized economies with different purchasing power will render different results , yes , but those two nations are not being asked to produce equal results , simply to maintain equal inputs . 
   i just believe that 15 billion dollars is non-trivial i do n't think 15 billion dollars is trivial , it 's 1.1 % of the spanish economy , but spain has been underspending on defence for a long while and the reason the difference between obligation and what they actually spend is so big is because they 're paying so little towards our collective defence . 
  if they were spending 1.8 % of gdp i would think they should increase by a mere 0.2 % of their gdp . 
   2 % means different things for different countries because of different economies . 
  i agree to an extent , with the variation of just about everything between nations , what a real terms same amount of money can achieve in each nation is different , but by making defence spending pledges a percentage of gdp and not some set dollar amount per economy or what have you the distribution of defence spending is as fair as it possibly could be . 
   your response is that it 's not an absolute number but a percentage so it does n't matter . 
  ah so you inferred that by saying it was a percentage i was saying it did n't matter . 
  that seems odd to me , and is quite wrong . 
  my point by noting that it was a percentage goal is that if all nations pay a percentage then all nations suffer the burden of defence equally and fairly . 
   you point out that you 've missed the point . 
  fair enough . 
  to be perfectly frank you did n't * make * a point there , and that was the politest way i could note this . 
  you explained something which was trivially simple , but if you thought me such an imbecile as to not understand this obvious thing then why even engage in conversation with me ? 
   you handwave any kind of commonsense no , i just did n't think we were young and stupid enough to require it to be stated explicitly that defence spending must come out of either increased taxation or reallocation of other funds . 
  i assumed everyone in the conversation was intelligent enough to know that that was a given . 
   welfare nato should be getting 2 % of a country 's gdp regardless of the size and health of that country 's economy and whatever benefit is brought to it by nato . 
  it 's what these nations have signed up for , they have agreed to do so . 
  spain could always leave nato . 
  the only cause of dispute here ( aside from the fact that the two of you obviously disagree with increases in defence spending , although this was not the point being addressed ) seems to have stemmed from the idea that by my saying `` percentages not absolute terms '' you assumed i meant that somehow this meant the money was irrelevant , when in fact i was pointing out that every nation is required to spend the same percentage , and so spain is required to take on no larger a burden then any other nation is . 
  how is that bullshit , and how has what i 've said run contrary to any of that ? 
  i 'm rather confused about what you 're even angry about . 
  well , necessarily all spending comes either from increased taxes or reallocation of spending from other areas of expenditure . 
  is this supposed to be news ? 
  spain is n't being asked to spend any more or less than any other nation does . 
  * from each according to his ability , to each according to his need * - everyone spends 2 % , that 's fair . 
  sorry , i 'm struggling to grasp your point here . 
  thanks babe . 
  you ever heard of this thing called voting mate ? 
  one must make an effort . 
  we 're all angry about events in ukraine friend , although i 'd warrant for different reasons . 
  oh i love it when you get angry . 
  please , go on !, 
  please try , [ it 's been too long . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_war ), 
  uuuh ... who do you think was extracting the oil in libya prior to the revolution ? 
  trust me ( i work in the oil industry ) - the revolution there has done nothing good for the oil industry . 
  yeah , the mistral sales were utterly without conscience or character . 
  every french person i 've spoken to about it has had this attitude of `` what ? 
  any country would do that '' - and i think they honestly do n't get that , no , most countries would not sell advanced warships to the most hostile and dangerous country in the neighbourhood . 
  how is nato aggressive ? 
  who have we conquored ? 
  whose lands have we stolen ? 
  which nations has nato plundered ? 
  if you 're referring to me , i 'm scottish actually , and i 'm not particularly keen on us all going to war but i do think it 's very important that the eu as a union should be able to defend itself without help from outside . 
  i would think that in light of finlandisation you might understand the reason one would want to maintain independence from external military might . 
  eu military innit . 
  well i guess it 's good you were born in switzerland then so you can sell materials to both sides while one side commits genocide , eh ? 
  we 're talking percentages here , not absolute sums . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd lump france in with germany . 
  france does quite a lot militarily and takes its military quite seriously . 
  germany , on the other hand , does very much just have a `` war = avoid '' mentality and spends fuck all on its military . 
  yeah . 
  we need to be more careful about who we let in . 
  there was talk of sweden and/or finland joining , but given that both countries add a huge amount of land to be defended but bring very little to the table in terms of adding to the alliance , i do n't think either should be allowed to join unless they actually commit to maintaining 2 % defence spending . 
  thank goodness turkey takes it 's commitments seriously . 
  yes , it is . 
  you ca n't really debate that , it 's just one of those things which is true , same as saying that a state necessarily has borders or that it must have a population greater than 0 . 
  the amount spain spends on its military is paltry compared with education , social security , or healthcare . 
  none of those three things are essential functions of the state , while defence actually is . 
  no ... spain could n't organise a piss up in a brewery , gibralter is safe as houses . 
  thanks for trying though , i appreciate it , 
  sigh :(, 
   i 'm not sure some cooperation is a bad thing . 
  it 's not cooperation though , it 's dependency . 
   many of the us ' hardware uses british components . 
  its cheaper to buy them from bae or another supplier than engineer a new one . 
  absolutely , the us buys uk kit and we buy us kit , but while the us can go to war completely on its own and not be missing capabilities , the same can not be said for the uk at all .
