  ukraine is not a nato member and never was . 
  it wouldnt be any of their business , if it wasnt for certain strategic interests , like , say , eastern ukrainian gas ... 
  right , we should just leave ukraine to invaded and taken over by the russians , who cares what the people of ukraine want ? 
   my family was greatly affected by both nazi and soviet occupations , that 's why i feel quite strongly about this subject . 
  you think just because my wider family were safe and sound i do n't ? 
  i lost family in both of the wars . 
  the uk may have been safe from invasion thanks to luck , but we were affected by both . 
  i never met a single one of my grandfathers because both of them died fighting the germans . 
   also , i did get annoyed at the fella who said that poles feeling betrayed is offensive , maybe that 's why my opinions come across a bit strong . 
  that was me . 
  feel free to be annoyed . 
  i 'll feel to be too . 
  it hurts . 
  the uk probably could n't have stayed out of ww2 , but hindsight is 20:20 . 
  we got involved and what triggered our involvement was the invasion of poland . 
   lastly , i honestly believe that western powers fell for stalin 's bluff . 
  i believe that altogether we could have beaten soviets , for all their posturing , they were more bloodied by ww 2 than any other country . 
  four to one my friend , four to one . 
  from the end of ww2 until the fall of the ussr we were scared of them . 
  i wish we had n't been but we were . 
  i 'm someoe who would have wanted operation unthinkable to happen more than most , but even i recognise that that probably would have been suicide . 
  i 'm not trying to change your whole view , i just want you to realise that britain was n't just taking the position of `` who gives a shit about poland '' . 
  we wanted to help poland , we tried , and we failed . 
  that made many people very sad , and still does to this day . 
  the uk did what it could and the uk was n't strong enough to keep poland free . 
  for that reason , hearing that we `` betrayed '' poland hurts , because we did what we could . 
  as i say , i 'm sorry . 
   whether it was wrong or right decision and whether any other course of action was available is debatable . 
  debate away , i want to hear your opinion on that . 
  what should we have done ? 
  you 're clearly not happy with the course we took , what course should we have taken ? 
   so while i personally do n't hold a grudge , i think it 's understandable why we felt betrayed . 
  so do i. i mean on a very basic level the uk failed in its obligations . 
  we promised to help poland and while , i would argue , we tried , we failed in doing so . 
  we had pledged to protect poland and we failed at that . 
  i just want you to tell me what we should have done differently . 
   another issue is how little recognition we got for our contribution to fighting nazis . 
  well , perhaps that 's the case . 
  i 'm a guy from the highlands of scotland , growing up one of my neighbours was the son of two polish immigrants who 'd stayed here after ww2 . 
  they 'd stayed because the soviets stole poland from the poles and i was very aware of that . 
  i grew up knowing that this family , in an historical sense , were refugees . 
  i was happy that the uk had taken them in and given them a home but i was sad that they had n't had a home in poland because of the ussr . 
   one example being not inviting polish pilots to the 50th anniversary of battle of britain . 
  i honestly do n't understand this , and i do n't agree with it . 
  i do n't know what was going on there and without a bit more knowledge i do n't want to condemn anyone , but it sounds awful . 
  i 'm fully aware that poles fought for the uk . 
  we had many poles in this nation fighting side by side the uk forces , and they fought for the same reasons we did , because they were scared for the future of europe and they wanted people to be free . 
  each and every one of them were brave people and , having grown up around the sons and daughters of these people , i grew up with a respect for the polish people . 
  this was only reinforced by my multiple visits to poland where i found a welcoming , friendly , generous nation . 
  i love poland , i really do , and i think that poland has so much in common with the uk that it 's almost unfunny how we 're two separate nations . 
  it makes me very sad that we were n't able to achieve our goal in ww2 of freeing poland , but we were n't . 
  in 1939 , the uk was simply not able of gettin enough men to the front line to actually counter germany , and in 1945 if we 'd pushed against russia we would have been perhaps more honourable but we would have lost and the entirety of europe would have been red . 
  it makes me sad to hear that some poles are so hateful towards us , becuase britain did not want what happened , britain tried , but ultimately by the 1940 's britain was not a superpower and we were not able do to as much as we would have wanted . 
  i 'm sad about that . 
  i 'm also sad about the fact that people hate us for our lack of being able to do anything about that . 
  good intentions might not be worth much , but we had them . 
  churchill himself said that he felt that we 'd lost ww2 , for the simple reason that poland was not free at the end . 
  we tried , and we failed . 
  i am sorry . 
  what could we have done , that would n't have ended up in the entirety of western europe being taken by the soviets , which would n't have `` ignored '' our treaty obligations ? 
  we could n't magic a million men to the german border in the time it took them to take poland . 
  regarding the russians , we had our men in germany with the us and with france and with other allied nations . 
  we were outnumbered 4 to 1 . 
  what would you have had us do ? 
  maybe , just * maybe * if the us had been able to produce enough nukes fast enough we * might * have * just * been able to defeat the soviet union by nuking every city we could get to in russia , but more likely we would have declared war on them and then been swiftly and painfully defeated , and every country in europe would have been red . 
  we were struggling and praying and doing our best just not to convince the soviets that keeping moving west was a bad idea . 
  yalta was n't a conference , it was a strategic surrender . 
  what should we have done ? 
  i really want to know , because i 'm as unhappy as you are about how the war ended . 
  i hate what the ussr was and what it did , i hate that poland , a country i 've been to and love , was ruined by the soviets for 50 years and is only now just properly recovering , but what should we have done that would have made anything better ? 
  if you can give me a decent answer to that then i might well accept that it was a `` western betrayal '' . 
  so what would you have had us do ? 
  it 's a simple question , you do n't need to be a politician to answer it . 
  i 'm not after a perfect answer , i just want to know what you think we should have done . 
  what would you have had us do ? 
  we did , and we did . 
  we could n't just teleport a million troops into central germany on the 5th of september . 
  it takes time to go to war . 
   what about abandoning your allies in ' 45 ? 
  so what should we have done , declared war on the ussr ? 
   it 's not called western betrayal [ 1 ] without a reason . 
  yeah , you 're right , there are some very very dumb reasons for calling it such a thing . 
   if only one side has nuclear weapons you do n't really call it a nuclear war well , i would . 
  no need to explain basic use of the english language to me though , i 've figured out the basics . 
  true enough , i understand what you 're saying and i do see your point , although i do n't agree that it 'd be a misnomer to call a war involving nuclear weaponry to the scale that operation unthinkable would have required a nuclear war . 
   haha , you seem angry . 
  i 'm slightly irritated , yeah   there is already a resentment going one way , perhaps . 
  the more people like yourself go on damning the uk for not doing an impossible thing , the more it will go the other way too . 
   the only thing that annoys me in that whole conversation is that you act like lord and saviour and expect eternal gratitude when in fact you did squat . 
  we declared war on the most powerful nation on the planet . 
  hardly `` squat '' , but whatever . 
  we 're well aware we did n't save poland , and no-one at the time was happy about that , but to act like we somehow betrayed poland is just ... absurd . 
  evidently . 
  a shame that the state would teach them to be so bitter towards a country that meant well . 
  i do expect that indeed i wo n't break though it . 
  i 've heard it before , and i 've never ever heard any mature sensible explanation about what the uk * should * have done , just repeated accusations that we betrayed poland . 
  so what do you expect we should have done in the 1 month and 5 days that it took for poland to fall ? 
  teleport a million men into western germany or to the polish front lines ? 
  we had fewer men in our entire army including all our reserves than the germans dedicated to the invasion of poland , and they were n't putting every soldier into that , not by far . 
  completely agreed .
