  people are right to be angry . 
  we need to start figuring out how we 're going to address issues like this . 
   lukashenko is pretty opressive against the opposition but the people might not give many fucks about if life 's alright . 
  but without any form of democracy there is no legitimacy to any claim of that . 
   it seems general opninion in german forums for example that russia is a dictatorship . 
  this is broadly accurate . 
   they forget however that putin also has supporters . 
  putin also has near complete control of the media and uses the state to bully , harass , and murder his dissenters and opposition . 
   in fact , enough to re-elect him over and over . 
  yes , so enthusiastically in fact that in places he would win over 100 % of the vote !, 
   the point is : you do n't help the belarussians , europe or anyone else ( except some chinese corporations maybe ) by boycotting their country . 
  honestly , if it were n't for russia i would advocate just killing lukashenko and anyone else who stands in the way of democracy with belarus , but as it is the country is protected by the big old bear , and so we should absolutely cut the country off to the maximum extent possible . 
   it 's arrogant to think our democracy ( lobby-cracy actually ) is so much better . 
  i disagree . 
  i think democracy is demonstrably better than dictatorship if one values the idea of freedom , which i do . 
   also : is n't it a little hypocritic from our gov ` ts to have better relationships with countries like saudi arabia , where women have less rights than pets over here ? 
  what my government does and what i believe do not have to be linked in any way . 
  we ca n't contribute a huge amount , is the answer . 
  what we can do is innovate , be ahead of the curve , and then sell everyone else cheap energy tech in years to come . 
  literacy rate of 1/3 . 
  it 's not great . 
  pretty much . 
  they come from a war torn massively abused country , have a massive thing about their own racial superiority , and are serious muslims . 
  it 's like the triple crown of qualities you do n't want in immigrants . 
  important for the people on it , yes , and since they 're british , it 's important to some brits , yes . 
  fucking france . 
  if the french people would consent to pay $ 2 per person per year then this should continue , otherwise , it should fucking end . 
  now . 
  came here to say this . 
  the german military is not much of a capable fighting force . 
  intolerant muslim minority populations ? 
  well i never !, 
  plenty of somalians there . 
  what finland lacks in quantity it makes up for with difficulty . 
   its up to the belarussians to decide whether lukashenko is bad or not . 
  what if they 've already decided that he is bad , but just ca n't do anything productive about it ? 
  i mean , you could say it 's up to north koreans whether kju is bad or not , but i 'd still say that concentration camps are bad whether or not the nk citizenry agree or not , or are able to act or not . 
   this is a textbook example of ethnocentrism . 
  just because we view something through our own values and standards does n't mean it 's not inferior . 
   i do n't really understand what the fuss is about . 
  if the muslims want to live in halal houses ( their own property ) should n't they be allowed to do it ? 
  if europeans wanted to live in pakistan we could . 
  plenty of people across europe are happy enough to have others from foreign places here if those people want to live in * europe * , not if those people want to enjoy the wealth and benefits of living in europe but turn it into another pakistan in every other respect . 
  ca n't really be proven . 
  it 's my opinion . 
  i would be curious what you would argue would motivate large companies to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on development costs if they had no way to recoup those costs though ? 
  so you 're citing one example as evidence for a massive claim ? 
  great ... that 's a hell of a conversation stater ... 
  bribery of someone who has access to the plans would be no doubt relatively straight forward . 
  if another company can produce it without having to worry about r&d costs , which company * will * bother with the r&d ? 
   nope . 
  i think that they should be limited to new pharmaceuticals ( not formulations ) . 
  what about when the formulations use existing pharmaceuticals as a lead compound but bring about marginal improvements in efficacy ? 
   you could say that of anything newish with at least 160 parts . 
  the patents are not what make this commercially viable . 
  i never said they were , i simply assert that they 're an essential requirement for safe investment in a variety of industries . 
   really ? 
  what kind of aircraft are receiving patents ? 
  the a380 has the entertainingly oft-quoted `` more than 380 patents '' , but many aircraft have patents on the technology within them . 
  people might not be cheaply copying aircraft in the third world , but probably in other parts of the world they would be , certainly there are plenty of other things patents apply to which would be copied . 
   actually , no . 
  it demonstrates that even with a very short protected period of sales , massive investment is made in pharmaceuticals , and still pays off . 
  so you do support patents as they stand !, 
   name one thing other than pharmaceuticals this applies to . 
  you 're right about the brevity of the patents actual usable time though , this would be an argument for extention of patent times though , not abolition . 
  lets not beat around the bush now , i 'm sure we 're both versed in the arguments so shall we agree to skip the bullshit ? 
  the average new pharmaceutical costs hundreds of millions to bring to market from the study stage . 
  do you suggest that companies will continue to invest hundreds of millions knowing full well that their products will be immediately copied and ripped off the world over ? 
  that first link of yours is about copyright , not patent law . 
  the second , essentially just seems to say that the patent office will grant more software patents , but i see a lack of evidence for this claim . 
  patents are * not * copyrights , they are a necessary part of society . 
  without them , a great deal of things will not happen . 
  why 's that ? 
  so you 're ignorant as well as lacking the ability to debate well . 
  noted . 
  actually i do n't live in england and am not english . 
  if that 's the best retort you have to my peer reviewed studies though , then i think it 's clear that you 're wrong and you 've lost the argument . 
  sorry , but i 'm not interested in reading blog posts by random individual doctors . 
  peer reviewed journal articles please . 
   p.s. 
  here is link which cites some study about sugar and trans-fats causing heart disease http://www.drbriffa.com/2009/04/17/no-evidence-that-saturated-fat-causes-heart-disease-its-official/ no , it does n't . 
  if you actually go read the paper they cite it talks about fatty acids , and i understand that some daily mail columnist might miss that , but they do n't actually say anything about fats other than referencing total fat intake once or twice . 
  oh and by the way , if you 're the sort of person who links to blog posts , calling a paper with good methodology and sound work `` bad science '' is just bad form , you probably do n't eve know what bad science is !, 
  the reason why the paper is from '95 is because there have n't been a great deal of studies looking at the relationship between saturated fat and chd in the time since , much more specific ones sure , but no-one need study that anymore because we pretty much already know the answer . 
  saturated fat causes chd . 
  mate , you think this is bad , i 'm a chemist in day to day life and the shit you have to put up with arguing with people about `` chemicals '' is unreal . 
  i do n't expect everyone to be able to actually learn about every topic , or even show humility or grace when wrong , but i wish , i just * wish * , that the concept of the burden of evidence lying upon the person who makes a claim , was taught . 
   in age adjusted analyses intakes of saturated fat , total fat , and cholesterol and the score from the keys equations were each associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction and fatal coronary heart disease from here : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2351515/pdf/bmj00550-0026.pdf one of many , many studies which show the link between saturated fat intake and heart disease . 
  the french paradox is called that for a reason , because it 's paradoxical !, 
  in studies of the overall species we find a clear link between saturated fat and heart disease , french people appear to go against this trend and we 're not sure why yet . 
  it 's rather worrying that so many people like you , who seem to think that their own opinion on food trumps the entire corpus of scientific knowledge , is not just equally valid but in fact more valid than what the vast majority of scientists will tell you . 
  ah well , at least it 's self-selecting . 
  i said i doubt that fat triggers satiety relative to other foods , and so far you have n't provided any evidence that it does . 
  claims made without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
   the fat burns during ketosis , directly or not who cares you are just being pedantic i 'm not being pedantic at all , the body takes a significant period of time to run completely out of glycogen and and gluconeogenisis can kick in anyway . 
  ketosis does not just occur when you climb into bed at night . 
   and the acteone in my mouth after a low carb day comes from maybe you just have bad breath ? 
  seriously though , acetone on the breath tends to come from an excess of the decarboxylation of ketones , sure , but that 's not to say that the body undergoes ketosis overnight . 
  i ca n't tell you any specific reason your body is producing lots of acetone unless you 're either sick or are maintaining a diet which is free or nearly free of carbohydrates in the medium term . 
   why would you even comment you seem to know absolutely nothing about the subject ?
