  we ( and by `` we '' i do n't mean me , i mean the collective ) wo n't help you . 
  if you survive this , or at least what survives this , will be welcomed into the eu in 10 or 20 years , and that is assured , but we will not help with this fight . 
  the saddest thing is that whatever is left of ukraine when this is done , will have no logical option but to join the eu when this is all over , even though we 've been so completely uncaring . 
  my only hope is that ukraine has some feeling towards its neighbours , like poland has at least shown , even in spite of the complete uncaring attitude of many eu nations . 
  i do too . 
  my best friend volunteered . 
  i have n't given up hope yet , but i 'm sat in the comfort of the uk with a lot of ignorance . 
  when people there tell me things are now hopeless i worry . 
  you might be correct that if the west would help arm ukraine that it would be possible to win this , unfortunately i am extremely disappointed and pessimistic about the western approach to ukraine and the wider russian problem . 
  russia * has * been sending troops the entire time . 
  many given `` holiday '' time to go and fight , lots of guys who 've been `` retired '' from the forces to go fight . 
  lots of `` ex '' special forces and `` ex '' intelligence guys . 
  these guys often also know the right road to walk along in russia near the border to `` find '' a huge arms cache which has been abandoned and has had all insignia removed . 
  but even that , the ukrainians were handling . 
  they 've fought valiantly . 
  what they ca n't handle is a proper assault by the ground forces in any significant numbers . 
  they 've got a military which has had years of underinvestment and while i do n't want to go talking about the specifics i know of due to opsec , i can say that while the official ukrainian military is fairly large , the number of combat ready units are startingly low and that the forces which have been fighting in the east have been fairly stretched just by what they 've been fighting so far . 
  there is no way they can survive a sustained assault on a second front from the better units of the russian ground forces . 
  my friends know this , and so they know that if this continues that they will lose this war , one close friend feels the war is already lost . 
  i 'm british . 
  the uk signed the budapest memorandum in order to get ukraine to disarm its nuclear forces , and now my country is sitting by doing nothing while ukraine loses yet more of its territory to an aggressive russia . 
  i feel ashamed . 
  uh , care to source that figure , everything i find suggests france spends over 2 % . 
  this might sound `` good '' based on anyone who supports the ukrainian side , but having spoken to people in the country , the ukrainian forces are collapsing and facing pretty much inevitable defeat if the russians keep coming in . 
  they were able to handle the seperatists and a limited number of russians but there 's no way they can fight and win a ground war against the russian ground forces . 
  the ukrainians i know pretty much feel that the war is now lost , as no-one is doing anything to help them , and the russians are going to destroy what military forces they have left . 
  notice how unpopular an opinion my own is on / r/europe . 
  they 'll hate us for maintaining large militaries until the day they need someone with a large military and then they 'll berate us for not being content to come to the rescue . 
  agreed with the case of finland to an extent , but then , if they 're not capable of expeditionary defense is there any point in them being in the alliance ? 
  if they can take care of themselves , then they do n't need us . 
  if they can almost take care of themselves but need us a bit , then that means we 're losing out , unless that is , that they 're capable of `` giving a bit '' back to other nations which may need it , but if they 're so focussed around defence of their own land borders that they ca n't do the latter , then it 's pointless us brining them into the alliance . 
  ` eh , we all know the continentals get sacrificed if it comes to it . 
  anglosphere is best sphere . 
  well , there 'll always be 5-eyes , which while is of course only an intelligence community , is pretty much the core anglo nations which are inevitably bound to each other . 
  precisely . 
  stay consistent eh ? 
  ooh look at you all agreeing with me an ' shit . 
  well , if sweden or finland made legally binding agreements to do so then i 'd be all for them joining nato , as it is , they 're probably just going to be two more freeloaders . 
   no your arrogance , which is on full display here , made you think you 'd be the next `` superpower . '', 
  ah yes i forgot i claimed that ...  you 're the one begging for us help . 
  when did i do that ? 
   opinion polls on the other hand do . 
  of course , the entire eu population hates america and the entire us population should hate the eu and that would do wonders for the world by reinforcing your biases and making you feel justified in your bile . 
   great so in the end we agree , there is no need for nato , no threat and this is all very unnecessary . 
  actually no we do n't agree , i still think nato could be valuable going into the future and see no reasons not to have a military alliance in some form . 
  you said `` take care of your own security '' , i 'm responding that we do . 
  christ you 're either actually retarded or a much better troll than i gave you credit for . 
   they should be equally angry at the uk . 
  they are you egit . 
   you guys have been calling for a multipolar world for decades . 
  of course we have , every single person in the entire eu has , for decades , being calling for a world where the soviet union is super strong and america is put in its place because we really care that much about hating the evil empire etc. 
  blah blah blah . 
   so we 're seeing the world you 've been asking for finally dawn and i think it 's time you got what you 've been asking for . 
  suck more lemons man , you could still be more bitter . 
   not my fault if europeans were wrong about everything . 
  not my fault if you 're too retarded to realise that no one viewpoint represents the views of half a billion people . 
   remember how much your media made fun of mitt romney for even suggesting russia is a geopolitical rival ? 
  russia is n't a rival , it 's just a problem . 
  it 's a huge , not particularly wealthy country with an economy the size of italy and a great many issues in its society . 
  it 's a problem bully , not an existential threat . 
   no , americans are sick of being involved in wars that we should n't be . 
  there is no reason for nato to exist anymore . 
  oh no , poor america :(  yeah and you could n't police the balkans or maintain operations in libya for a week . 
  right , yes , and if we had n't bombed libya then london surely would have fallen . 
  oh right , so because people are angry at the us for iraq that means that everyone would want russia in charge . 
  you do n't like your toys inside the pram , do you ? 
   really ? 
  that 's your response . 
  well you 're clearly from the us and you 're clearly trolling , so yes , that 's my response . 
   grow up and take care of your own security . 
  we have the 6th largest military budget in the world , i think it 's safe to say that the uk does . 
  ah you 're a us troll ... right . 
  ok ... be butthurt somewhere else though eh ? 
  `` you guys '' ? 
  are you actually this crazy ? 
  join russia , who annex whatever territory they feel like every few years ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  when the americans leave nato everyone will have to get stricter with the rules otherwise the whole thing is pointless . 
  i understand , and there 's certainly strategic value in being able to have the finnish border as access , but that goes both ways , and you 're adding in an extra 600,000 km ^ 2 which has to be defended and which has militaries which are ultimately not capable of defending themselves , let alone doing so and helping out anywhere else in a war . 
  that 's all you can do . 
  why should we even want them in nato ? 
  it just means more money from the us , uk , and france . 
  the finns and the swedes do n't spend 2 % of their gdp on their militaries and they 're not going to start just to be allowed into nato . 
  all that allowing them in would do is require the three nations which have proper militaries to defend two extra nations and foot the bill for doing so . 
  be less of a twat ... 
   no other country in europe even spent a fraction of % of gdp during the last 30 years . 
  that 's absolute and complete nonsense , if you 're going to make such strong claims then take 2 minutes to fact check . 
  in the early 1990 's the uk was spending more than greece for a short while , and the uk and france were spending comparable percentages on their militaries pretty much every since , with about 1.0 to a maximum of 1.5 % difference in budgets . 
  that said , even if greece was spending 4 % it would still barely be in the top 20 nations for military expenditure as a percentage of gdp . 
   most countries of must larger size in europe especially in northern europe have not even spent 20-40 billion in that same time period . 
  again you spout nonsense without taking 2 seconds to fact check . 
  sweden spends 6.5 billion a year , norway over 7 billion per year . 
  yes , greece certainly paid a higher percentage than most eu nations which were and still are entirely dependent on the uk , france , and the us to protect them , but the idea that you can suggest all military expenditure could have not happened is just silly , just because some eu nations live in very peaceful areas and do n't spend even their obligations on military . 
   military budget went astronomical after cyprus invasion and has only calmed down post-2008 to the standard 2 % ( which still only 3 countries in europe accomplish ) 2 % is not `` standard '' it 's the nato minimum spending requirements . 
  it 's a very small percentage to be spending , even if most eu nations are currently spending less . 
  why do you feel lagarde is a piece of shit ? 
  again , aware of this , not just a rodditfag , but as i said the point was that i did n't get what point he was attempting to make , and i do n't think it was a `` hurr durr uk full of sandpeople '' because frankly , every country in europe gets that on / b / . 
  right , shitty politicians accounted for a lot of it too . 
  blaming the greek military budget is absurd though , plenty of nations have maintained military budgets of that percentage and not collapsed . 
  of course it is .
