  right , they 're about as backward as most other rightist parties east of the elbe . 
  i do n't massively like svoboda , but i do n't like seeing them painted as neo-nazis because it 's false . 
   before becoming nazi-apologist i have never had any intention of being one . 
   some jewish organizations made a plea to israel to prepare for a possible evacuation in case that the rightist political party will win . 
  this does not provide any evidence that svoboda are a white-power/anti-semitic group . 
  having come across the various activities of the adl over the years , i do n't automatically put stock in the activities of any `` jewish organisation '' just because it happens to be jewish . 
  well , to be frank , while i disagree with him quite thoroughly , that sort of name calling just is n't helpful . 
  pretzpretz and myself just earlier tonight had an open disagreement about the motivations of svoboda , but i never needed to resort to calling him a slimey bastard and saying that he was foul . 
  i disagreed with his points , not with him as a person . 
  that 's a lesson for the future , i hope . 
  did n't you just call me a slimy bastard and say how foul i was ? 
  indeed , about half the country speaks it as a first language . 
  right , asked my ukranian friend . 
  bias warning : he took part in the orange revolution and 100 % wants to see the party of regions gone from power : * their accent is northern russian . 
  * they do not understand ukrainian . 
  * they are in a uniform which is not used by ukrainian military or police * the abbreviation on their backs is not used by ukrainian military or police * `` though without concrete proof it is dangerous to speculate '' * . 
   i do n't believe for a second that you are at all british . 
  that makes very little difference to anything . 
   you are a slimy bastard and you 've been on this subreddit all day trying to attack the ukrainian protestors at every turn . 
  my best friend in this world participated in the orange revolution , and already himself has friends who 've lost eyes in this new revolution . 
  i 'm not attacking ukranian protesters in any regard , and i would be curious to see what other posts you think i have done so in , but i have not . 
  you , right here , in what you 're doing , are creating a problem for us all . 
  the price of being the good guy is that you have to be the good guy , you have to reserve judgement until you are sure , you have to be careful not to rush into action based on the cry of a mob , and also you have to not slander those who urge caution just because insufficient evidence has been presented . 
  in this case , what do i have : 1 ) a reddit user ( that is , anyone/no-one to me ) making an unjustified claim and : 2 ) a video of some men speaking a language i do not understand , which does n't , to me , provide any justification for 1 ) . 
  so yes , i will not accept it for the time being . 
  i accept it 's a possibility , i accept that the russian government is thoroughly gangsterish and completely capable of such things , but without any actual evidence that this is the case , i will not accept it . 
  now , if you 've got anything further to say i 'd request you do it without unjustified personal attacks as you have just done , they are neither called for , nor worthwhile for either of us . 
  edit : having look around briefly , you clearly have me mistaken for pretzpretz , but nevertheless the ad hominem attacks you 're making on me ( and him , frankly ) are not helpful for discourse and do not advance our mutual cause . 
  what proof do you have of that besides a title by a user on reddit though ? 
  do not believe everything you read . 
  i believe that this is conceivable , and i 'm the last person who 's supporting any russian govt . 
  position on anything , but one ca n't just believe everything one reads because it 's possible . 
   which continues to hold candle lit vigils [ 1 ] for a man who helped the nazis to round up jews [ 2 ] is a ` right of centre ' party . 
  they hold it for him because he supported and worked for the creation of an independent ukraine , and opposed communist imperialism - they 're a nationalist party ( that is , a party which desires an independent and strong nation for their people , something ukrainian people have almost never had ) . 
  this was a man who at times helped the jews and at times helped the nazis , depending on whichever route he saw as being most beneficial for ukraine . 
  popular feeling towards the jews in ukraine was at that time fairly negative due to their perceived high prevalence in the soviet government . 
  so , have fun with your propaganda but history is a bit more complicated with than your simplistic re-shaping of the story , and not everyone who did one thing we do n't agree with is evil . 
  the finns were co-belligerent with the nazis in ww2 because they were giving every fibre of their nation to survive against russian aggression . 
  we do n't hold them as being an evil neo-nazi country because they were n't . 
  they had to pick between being conquered by one bully or fighting alongside another - and they chose survival . 
  it 's important to take a good look at times in history and circumstances and what was going on before condemning people . 
  well , right now what i have is a reddit user making a claim and a video with men who are speaking a language i ca n't understand . 
  it 's certainly believable , but i 'm not going to go believing it until i learn more . 
  one must maintain high standards of evidence , even in times like these . 
  not to suggest it 's a lie , but as a westerner with no ukranian or russian language skills , how does this video suggest or show that these men are russian troops ? 
  why the pejorative terminology , are you a communist ? 
  right then , well fuck off with the insinuations eh ? 
  i do n't give a fuck what the eu 's view of svoboda is . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with a party being nationalist and right of centre , and while i personally dislike some of their policies , they 're neither white supremacist , racist , or neo-nazi . 
  so just take your propaganda and go shove a spike up your arse eh ? 
  svoboda is not a white power movement , it 's a nationlist rightist political party . 
  they 're not completely evil just because you do n't agree with their politics . 
   europeans are sex craved communists who do n't shave careful now , i 'm not a communist . 
  france or germany has the biggest car manufacturing sector in europe , how is that not capitalist ? 
  is n't that one of those things you put your feet up on ? 
  i think most europeans have this image of us as cut throat evil capitalists . 
  despite the fact that we 've got middle of the road taxation and middle of the road public spending . 
  rather , instead of being `` that 's not how free speech works '' ( because it either applies , or it does n't apply , there is no middle ground ) - it 's more accurate to point out that we do not have freedom of speech in most european countries , we just have relatively non-restrictive laws on our speech . 
  freedom of speech means you are free to express whatever the fuck you want with no restrictions . 
  on anything . 
  we do not have that . 
  hell , even the americans have lost that in the last century , although certainly they 're doing a lot better than us ( especially us brits ) . 
  you do n't have to cater to them , just do n't beat them up and stick them in prison . 
  pay debnts !, 
   the whole report is itself an hominem attack . 
  it says `` you ca n't criticise us , because you 're not perfect either . '', 
  this is basically every argument the russian state ever made . 
  this is what i was meaning . 
  apparently a couple of people did n't like that ... 
  theyre berkut , its a stretch to call them officers of the law . 
  they are paid to be thugs in uniform . 
  actually , at this point , while yes of course people consider that a grim notion , i think some ukranians are starting to think that it may just have to happen and at least something good may come out in the end . 
  flashbang . 
  there 's weeks of footage dude . 
  i was watching live streams of this back in december . 
  as a brit ( hence a member of the `` big three '' of europe ) i find myself jealous of these dudes - germany and france are gradually just eating each other to become one country , the core of the new country ( eu ) - while the uk is just sitting off the coast sucking it 's own fingers and grunting at everything . 
  or maybe it 'll be like poland and will . 
  eastern europeans seem to still know how to work hard . 
  it almost solves the whole thing , surely ? 
  kosovo can exist as an independent nation within the eu , along with serbia . 
  since the eu is inevitably becoming more and more powerful and countries will sooner or later just have `` regional '' powers , people can learn to ignore the fact that serbia and kosovo are different `` states '' within the eu . 
  pretty much all of the above . 
  balkans = genocide and absurd wars in the 1990 's and post-communism and angry eastern europeans and all that other stuff . 
  greece = sun kissed archipelago of holiday romance , beautiful women , and delicious food . 
  all about impressions innit ? 
  anyway , as i said we can include greece in it because it 'll piss them off and that 's always hilarious . 
  difficult year ? 
  as in , they might have to actually do some fighting finally ? 
  well , you can say that , but ireland is legally and morally now obligated to defend every eu nation in the event of any one of us being attacked - you can dislike that all you place and a life-loving head of state may choose to renege on those obligations , but it would be wrong in more than one sense . 
  if you 're in the eu you 're not neutral , and countries that pretend to still be so are living in a childish fantasy world . 
  not about governmental change , but it seems plausible that in the event of escalation to civil war , an international peacekeeping force could be introduced to calm things down while the necessary logistics and organisation required for splitting the country into two halves was carried out , which seems like a possible eventuality given the striking differences in the east and west . 
  except the fact that they 're signatory to the cfsp means they 've pledged to not be neutral in the event of a war being waged against another member of the eu , so their neutrality is an absurd farce . 
  called up as in told to turn up for deployment ( called up being the term one would use for such a thing  ) . 
  ukraine has conscription so they 've all done time in the army and are liable to be deployed if required . 
  sounds a bit weird to be honest as apparently it was all done over the phone , but yeah , apparently what 's happening . 
  i 'm british and the sooner we can get all you countries into the eu the sooner we can forget about learning your complicated history and various weird country names and just refer to the entirety of ex-yugo as `` south east europe '' . 
  we 'll include greece in that too , just because they 'll get all butthurt about being included with the balkans and it 'll be hilarious . 
  it was apparently done by university history students , and may have just been a funky idea done half for fun . 
  it 's very close to civil war . 
  my ukrainian friend said him and his friends were called up by the army ( not that any of them are actually going to go ) .
