  no , not really . 
   the palestinians should have their own independent and soverign state because self-determination and freedom should be a path available for all people . 
  there 's some people in eastern syria and western iraq who 'd like a word with you . 
  that 's a pretty good answer . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not sure i agree , but i definitely recognise your point . 
  why ? 
  when a left-winger means `` fairer '' they mean to say that they want to take some of your money . 
  russia complained about it because russia moans about everything nato does . 
  no missile shield the us is currently capable of producing could put a dent in the risk from russia 's nuclear weapons . 
  only the ignorant would seriously think that this is designed for them . 
  what 's funny about that ? 
  because i , personally , want to live in a country with more than 300,000 people . 
  i do n't understand how you ca n't understand that . 
  they were probably swedish anyway . 
  if you do n't want to live in countries with 300,000 people in them , yes ... 
  small in that context referring to the population not the area . 
  right , and when they take over the position as ruler country of eu it 'll be for the benefit of us all . 
  germany is in need of replacing . 
  too lefty for me , also too small . 
  i 'd have considered picking finland ` cos i love your country but your economy is greece-tier right now and i 'd get tired of ruispalat after a decade or two . 
  shush denmark , that 's only our politicians and celebrities that do that , and we keep it nice and quiet . 
  that 's because they send all their car-bombs over the border . 
  torn between incomprehensible-viking-welfare-land and stoner-paradise-waffle-land you chose 2nd-rate-britain ? 
  you 're insane yes ? 
  everyone loves eesti . 
  it 's the cute friendly 5 year old kid-brother of european countries . 
  i knew someone with an unbiased and well informed opinion would appear sooner or later to second my good choice . 
  no no , they do * plenty * of raping young kids and covering it up . 
  for jesus . 
  we pretty much just ignore italy now . 
  you guys do n't seem to do much anymore . 
  i picked denmark . 
  small , northern , wealthy , good social systems , not sweden . 
  sensible approach to immigration and foreign policy . 
  we already have 4 f-35b 's in service , we 're not getting the a model ( yet ) though . 
  i did n't suggest this was justification , i suggested that this was reality . 
  unknown how many f-35 's we 're getting though , and the faa has priority for them what with us not having an faa right now . 
  they 've probably got mrbms , do n't think they 've got any icbms though . 
   what if russian jets would start to shot down intruders from raf ? 
  then possibly ww3 would start , which is why the russians would n't be so stupid as to do so intentionally . 
   what makes them think that they can meddle into syria without asking anyone ? 
  well , we clearly can , and have . 
  the us , france , and others have been bombing syria for almost a year now . 
  the uk can clearly begin too . 
   it just took me a tiny while to found on google dozen of war crimes commited by those group ( fsa ) , which is supported by us and others . 
  yup , some people in the fsa almost certainly have committed war crimes . 
  there is no side in the syrian civil war which has not . 
   lets be honest , libya , iraq , afghanista , all went super good with those `` islamic rebelions anti-dictature stuff '' right ? 
  the fsa are about as islamic as the irish army is catholic . 
  sorry , could you rephrase that i do n't really get which operation you refer to . 
  that 's would really make sense . 
  for starters the uk and france both maintain nuclear weapons and casd . 
  secondly , the us conventional forces are a very big stick which form a much more important side to nato in the day to day sense . 
  if every nato nation thought like that then nato would be meaningless . 
  the polish economy has grown massively in the last two decades , it 's sensible that they invest some of that increased economic power into their military . 
   fsa are just another terrorist in the region , their ally is an `` islamic front '' if you 're going to call all rebel groups terrorist then you 're just rubbishing the definition of the term . 
  fsa are cobelligerent with the islamic front some of the time , and have been fighting them at other times . 
  it 's a very fluid situation . 
  they 're far from `` allies '' . 
  the fsa are not terrorists unless you 're just going to call anti-assad fighters terrorists , which is idiotic . 
  given the radar saturation of the area and the fact that turkey are n't being internationally bitch slapped for it , and the fact that we know russia have repeatedly and regularly violated turkeys airspace over the last few months , i think it 's fairly safe to say that the russian government , are , as per usual , lying through their teeth on this issue . 
  the russians were bombing anti-assad turkmen rebels most closely aligned with the fsa out of groups in syria on the rebel side . 
  the turkmen rebels fight isis , but they also fight assad , so the russians were bombing them . 
  none of that matters though , because russia repeatedly and egregiously violated turkeys airspace , justifying turkeys downing of that aircraft . 
  russia violated the airspace of a foreign country , repeatedly , after being told at all levels that they should stop doing this . 
  they ignored these warnings because they think that because they 're russia they can do as they please . 
  it 's absurd to * not * support turkey in this individual case . 
  that does n't mean one has to support turkey in the wider context of allowing the purchase of oil from isis by its citizenry or in their creating 10,000 strong turkmen militias in northern syria . 
  turkey * is * in the right . 
  it 's hardly late , russia is n't going to destroy turkish military trained and equipped rebel groups numbering in the tens of thousands in a week . 
  turkey has a very potent little `` we did n't do it , ca n't blame us ( we just trained and equipped them ) '' army sitting over the border . 
  with turkey arming them that may not be so simple . 
  turkey can quite easily start flooding stinger missiles across the border if they want . 
  getting involved in a proxy war with turkey is n't smart . 
  you do n't `` cancel '' an a2a missile travelling at mach 4 . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the missile hitting the aircraft outside of turkish airspace so long as the aircraft was within turkish airspace when it was launched . 
  this was n't some spur of the moment `` attack anything '' decision . 
  this was intentional and taken after continued and prolonged warnings to the rufed government to stay out of turkish airspace , made at a military , poltiical , and diplomatic level . 
  turkey has been warning russia for a while now to stay the fuck out of its airspace , and russia has ignored these warnings . 
  they wo n't ignore the warnings anymore . 
  you 're talking about ukraine . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your point though . 
  protecting its brethren by violating other nations airspace ? 
   none of the rebels in syria are moderate the fsa are n't moderate ? 
  christ ... you 're both ignorant and malicious . 
  based turkey . 
  the international reaction to this entire thing has been absurd . 
  russia routinely gives other nations a slap and expects nothing in return . 
  russia slapped turkey , russia got a punch in return . 
  russia will lick its wounds and be more mindful not to slap turkey in future . 
  absolutely nothing wrong with what turkey has done here . 
  uh ... ssns would like a word . 
  hmm ? 
  very observant ... . 
  found the daily mail reader ... 
  they 're worse , at least the dm is shameless and has titties . 
  the `` subsidies '' are reductions in a tax which was 4x higher than regular corporation tax . 
  we 're not actually * giving * them any money , just reducing a windfall tax to stop the industry imploding . 
  they 're still paying several times the tax any other industry in the uk pays .
