  all large nations have people who annoy . 
  germany , france , england , italy . 
  all the big european nations piss people off because there 's always a percentage of people from each nation who act like asses abroad , and because there are so many more people from the big nations one encounters more of the idiots and poorly behaved people . 
  that said , i am always grateful to be able to confess to being scottish , rather than british , and people are always ( sadly , in a way ) much much more friendly and hospitable toward me when i say i 'm scottish . 
  russell hood , or robin crowe , i forget ... 
  yeah man mexicans in the us are awesome and you guys should be more greatful for 'em . 
  trust me , nothing like roma gypsies . 
  not in the slightest . 
  your mexicans work . 
  they 're closer to poles in the uk , in that you have spanish stores and they 're gradually integrating , they desire to work , they stay in the country and have kids and settle down.similarly we have polish food stores , polish barbers , poles settle down and have kids and go to school here and will grow up british . 
  it 's just we welcome poles into the uk because it 's awesome to have them here , but you make mexicans cross a desert and escape border guards to get into the us , presumably so you only have the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me of hard working motivated people . 
   but the general propaganda line is that romania had to join the ue to fight corruption , thanks to a larger regime that would insist on respecting certain rules . 
  did n't really help , it just reduced the number of competitors in the `` corruption sector '' . 
  i do n't think the eu was honestly aware of the scale of the problem , and i think what the eu meant by `` getting tough '' was really just them doing the smallest of things to actually start forcing romania to fight it . 
  i did see the argument that romania had to join before it could fight , i just do n't think that 's valid . 
  the idea that a country should be allowed into the eu when , if i 'm in hospital there , i 'll need to bribe the anaesthetist if i want to wake up from emergency surgery - that 's just absurd to me . 
  but of course , and it 's not romania 's fault that that was the case , but still from the perspective of self-interest , i do n't see why we in the north and west would want to bond ourselves with countries which are still really rather corrupt and have serious social problems which essentially become our problems , when we have social problems of our own to deal with already . 
  it 's a joke playing on the fact that there are n't gangs of english people roving town centres in kids robbing tourists and begging , which is very much the case with gypsies in britain . 
  said in response to the idiot in the article talking about british citizens in prison in spain , as if wealthy ex-pats who occasionally commit crime are comparable to gangs of organised criminals and beggers who have no intention of making an honest living . 
  the term would be sarcasm , btw , not trolling  . 
  nl is perhaps one of those countries that does n't do sarcasm , there do seem to be a few . 
  which is good , recognising the difference between the terrorist and political wings is important , although it has to be very much `` keeping the door open '' and not being accepting of terrorist groups so long as they pretend everything acceptable they want to do is dissociated from the bombing innocent people stuff . 
   like you said , gypsies will be gypsies . 
  but what do you mean by romania getting its act together ? 
  we 've been trying to solve this thing for decades and it just proves impossible time after time . 
  there * has * to be a solution . 
  although i was also referring to the massive levels of corruption that romania has , having lived with a guy from the country for a good while and talked with him a lot , romania is nothing like what i consider to be acceptable in an eu country . 
  but yeah , there must be some way of sorting out the roma gypsy problem , and as far as the eu is concerned a short term solution would have been simply not giving 600,000 more of them eu citizenship . 
   now i 'm not saying to take them and take care of them as your own . 
  well that 's basically what 's happened because we 're rich and brits will still give money to a begging child because i think hearts have n't yet been turned to stone , which will inevitably happen more and more as gypsies exploit their children to beg and people realise what 's happening . 
  frankly , i think not allowing in romania purely for the reason that we could have avoided have the roma gypsies flooding over here would have been worth it , but the levels of corruption in romania act as a very good secondary reason that romania should n't have been allowed into the eu when it was . 
  in the future ? 
  damn right . 
   they do n't solve it , they just take all of them and send them back . 
  you just got a taste on how hard it is to deal with them . 
  we have minorities , we have some that integrate and some that do n't , i do n't see why there 's this attitude of `` well you do n't want to deal with them either '' - of course we do n't , but they 're not our bloody minority group , and we 've got enough integration problems without voluntarily adopting more , which we never should have done . 
   the only thing that seems to work is : leaving them alone . 
  just let them be , and they stop causing so much trouble . 
  we have n't touched them so far and all they do is beg and steal . 
  i rather our border guard would become a lot more active in just deporting them . 
  nah mate , further north . 
  i suspect there 's plenty of gypsies in every city in the uk now though , there certainly are in mine . 
   sorry , what ? 
  a number of individuals committing crime does not define a country . 
  romania has problems beyond a lack of integration of its roma , corruption being a very big one . 
  the country has a number of problems it did not sort out prior to entering the eu , and i 'm saying that it should not have been let in because it had n't sorted these out . 
  what a stupid pointless statement . 
  as if to say , `` well until hezbollah have unjustly killed as many as israel , it is hypocritical of others to criticise them '' - horseshit . 
  i do n't agree with many israeli actions , or us ones for that matter , but hezbollah are scumbag terrorists and that 's all there is to it . 
  gangs of pesky english people go to towns and camp out with their kids in the centres , robbing tourists and scamming locals . 
  this is good news , but it 's also from july , so i wonder if there 's been any progress or improvement yet . 
  romania probably should not have been let into the eu as quickly as it was , but i suppose the gypsies will probably be the same even if romania ever gets its act together . 
  many military pilots have killed 77 people in one day . 
  of course it * can * be sane . 
  right because begging for a few more euros to buy the cheapest alcohol on the shelves is totally helping them ? 
  right , i know you do , but that 's a free speech issue because to do what you want requires the destruction of freedom of speech . 
  you want to forbid certain types of speech you think are nasty or offensive or constitute harassment upon use , that 's a freedom of speech issue 100 % . 
  every.single.time . 
  every time someone says speech should n't be prohibited , someone else says some stupid shit like the above without seemingly having the brain power to consider that just because something is legal does not mean we endorse it , that we support it , or that society will accept it . 
  i do n't like adulterers but i do n't want them jailed . 
  if a referendum is held then the person who organises it need not even declare either way because we all know for sure how that shit 's going to go down . 
  wrong or really fucking wrong , most brits , just like half of most european countries , boo and hiss at the eu as if it gave their old granny the super aids . 
  we 're fucked if we have a referendum . 
  edit : completely fucking fucked . 
  3500 ( tube drivers ) x 44k , that 's 154 million per year on staffing costs . 
  how much do a bunch of dell 's and a 100 it guys cost , right ? 
  drivers gone and fucked themselves years before it had to go that way , and they ai n't got no-one to blame but themselves . 
  no i did the numbers , that is the full time minimum wage . 
  pre-tax that is . 
  yeah sorry , i should have perhaps not said `` always '' and instead said `` for the last half millennium '' - since obviously things have n't * always * been the same . 
  in a way , yes , because we have a few small hyper-rich areas , but these are low in population , size , and number . 
  if you look at bigger areas of the uk , similar to say the way the spain map has , you see much less disparity . 
  not a map , but see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_england#regional_variation ) . 
   the north of italy has always been the more industrialized region this is a good point , rome is always about as far south as `` advanced '' italy has gone at any given time , and the super-rich trade cities ( venice , genoa , florence , milan ) always were centred at the top of the boot . 
  the uk is [ reversed ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4f/map_of_gdp_per_capita_in_the_uk_in_2007_\\ ( nuts_3 \\ ) . svg/1000px-map _ of_gdp_per_capita_in_the_uk_in_2007 _ ( nuts_3 ) . svg.png ) , with the the south east being considerably richer than most of the rest of england , and a bit wealthier than scotland . 
  we do n't have nearly the same disparities that you find in places like italy or spain , but certainly we have an overall difference . 
  the point is that there exists private and public property . 
  in your own property you have the right to expect privacy . 
  on public property i 'm not sure why this expectation exists . 
  you are being watched . 
  i do n't see why this is a strange feeling in a public space - any time you 're around other people on the street you 're being watched . 
  you think the british government is n't capable of keeping tabs on whoever they damn well please without cctv ? 
  i 'm not sure i comprehend what you mean , could you perhaps elaborate a little ? 
  trust me , most of us know exactly where we wan na be , right the fuck where we are . 
  yanks are n't very friendly to us these days , but europe does n't necessarily offer precisely what we want from the world either . 
  the idea that some people have of us being raving pro-american is just wrong though , that stuff ended years ago . 
  what was disturbing about it ? 
  olympics plus a long history of terrorists blowing shit up in our country has made the capital excessively searchy , sorry about that . 
  your average brit ai n't into that shit though . 
  i really never got this argument . 
  no-one complains about pc plod looking around the street , but everyone complains about pc plod looking around the street through a camera . 
  it just seems odd . 
  my civil liberties are basically the most important thing i expect from this state barring internal and external security , and they fuck it up at times , but cctv ? 
  there exists debate there . 
  does wales always go nuts too ? 
  i always thought that was just the english . 
  this is correct , mostly because germany has a few hundred winter olympics medals and the uk has about ... 20 . 
  it seems we suck at snow . 
  i assure you czech cynicism is very digestible to most brits . 
  you guys definitely compete with us for being the most cynical sarcastic bastards in all the eu .
