  no , they 're downvoting without looking probably . 
  until the euro 's actually start to pony up some money for defense , we 're reliant on the us as a strong ally though , since the eu is nowhere near capable of having a strong military force yet . 
  where dat ? 
   i remember , not a month ago , debating with other fellow redditors who were defending the fact that the eu `` does n't need to spend on its military '' . 
  now with the recent events , i do n't see any of these types of comments anymore . 
  that 's because these sorts of people just ignore events like this and hope it 'll magically get sorted out . 
  they 're not interested in the military even when shit like this happens so they just ignore it unless you want to spend money on it , when they protest that it could be spent on other things they * are * interested in . 
  your two links are 2011 and 2010 . 
  sipri 's 2013 figures can be found on the wikipedia in about 3 seconds . 
  so what ? 
  does n't mean nato will involve themselves . 
  right , nowhere near ours cos it 's far far more capable than ours . 
  their tech is n't quite as good as ours but they have way way more of it . 
  our military is about 20th people . 
  there 's is just shy of 800k, 
  this is pretty outdated , russia spent about 50 % more than the uk did last year , and now has the third largest military expenditure in the world . 
  not that i like what the russians are doing , but why would nato get involved ? 
  ukraine is n't in nato , and there seems little benefit from fighting another shooting war over the crimean . 
  not every scot wants independence , 
  i 'm not sure if i missed it , but did you have a point ? 
  i never said it was worthy of the death penalty , i 'm just saying they 're not innocent . 
  how a country responds to violation of its sovereign territory , so long as it takes place * on * it 's sovereign territory , is completely up to it . 
  they 're not innocent though . 
  not sure who downvoted you there , not i. 
  am indeed one of the british . 
  hence the flag , ken ? 
   would you shoot to somebody who is n't threatening the life of anybody ? 
  interesting . 
  are you saying your own question is interesting , or are you saying an answer you assume to be correct to the question is interesting . 
  if you 're just going to assume my answers , why bother even typing , just hold the entire discourse in your head !, 
  why not ? 
  i r skotlandilainan actually . 
  you probably speak swedish at home an ' all, 
  finland . 
  not depressed . 
  finland . 
  finland . 
  not afraid of russia . 
  i could go all day minun homie . 
  they 're both mid sized cities . 
  imo no . 
  edinburgh is the capital , edinburgh is the seat of government , and it 's just much more fitting as the first city of scotland . 
  is this because barcelona is separatist/has a complicated history or is this because other cities would claim to be the second city of spain ? 
  pick one !, 
  i reckon we should just flat out give them $ 10 to 15 billion in development aid . 
  it 's less than 0.1 % of the eu gdp . 
  i know it 's a lot of money , but there 's a chance to dig ukraine out of a big mess for about $ 15 each . 
  given that ukraine and what happens there viz a viz eu/russia is a big deal ( much bigger than most people seem to realise ) i reckon it 'd be worth it . 
  if you give something away it 's not yours anymore . 
  ` eh , it 's not us that build it up as some scary meal . 
  we make out like it 's a small animal which roams about in the highlands . 
  it 's others who seem to think it 's the epitome of absolute disgust . 
  aye , it 's definitely not something most scots would have eaten , but i can guarantee it was a fairly routine sort of thing for my father to have eaten growing up ( that said , he grew up on an island ) . 
  absotively . 
  eaten in lewis too , and iceland i believe . 
  oh , you also get it in scotland and most other northern countries i believe . 
  where are you from ? 
  that dish is eaten in several places i 'm aware of . 
   run by some foreign government that we have no say over . 
  it 's a multinational corporation you tool , government 's do n't run corporate banks . 
   the snp has no right to demand to join the euro or the pound , it 's up to europe and ruk if we or they want to be part of a currency union . 
  alex salmond does not get to dictate . 
  i 'm not arguing legality , i 'm arguing morality . 
  scotland ( forget the snp ) has every right to claim that the gbp is as much belonging to it as any other uk country does . 
  clearly if scotland dissolves the union then we get a proportion of the assets as well as the debts . 
  scotland helped build the boe and the pound into what it is today , and it 's most certainly an asset . 
  glad to hear the eu is on top of this . 
  what on earth are the spanish doing using rubber bullets to stop people getting into their country when they could be using lead ones ? 
  fair enough . 
  their company , their rules . 
  do you really think being so patronising endears you to anyone , scottish or english ? 
  do n't suppose anyone 's got one for the uk ? 
  this actually makes sense . 
  if ruk wants to keep the pound for itself it should keep it entirely . 
  if scotland is to inherit the debts ( as we should ) then we should inherit the assets too , of which the pound is one . 
  i think the point of my final sentence my have been flown under ... 
  because they 're big and they can and their culture is different from ours . 
  i 'm not saying worse ... 
  thanks for helping with the `` everyone in the uk hates the eu '' propaganda . 
  real nice to be set up to be hated by our euro brothers , 
  not if those harriers cost huge amounts of money for very little gain . 
  and why is that ? 
  which roles prevent it from performing which other roles to the standard required and why ? 
   russia says the system is a direct threat to its security . 
  this is like a murderer complaining people wearing body armour are a direct threat to their security . 
  the russians seriously seem to view any ability to defend oneself as offensive measures against them , the cunts . 
  they 're really not that good anymore , they 're terribly out-dated . 
  that must be why the f-15 and f-16 are so terrible then i guess , eh ? 
  oh wait , multirole aircraft can be excellent and have a proven track record , and you 're talking horse shit . 
  lockheed certainly are n't the only defense company involved . 
  there are multiple uk companies involved in the production of the f-35 . 
  it 's called the jsf because it 's been built for multiple us military branches , not because it 's being procured by multiple nations . 
  not intending to nit pick , just letting you knnow , 
  i was in the ta for a couple of years and did n't meet any troops who were unhappy with the a2 . 
  they do n't undersell , they 're just utterly ignorant and regurgitate nonsense they read in the guardian by equally ignorant journalists and other nonsense they read on reddit informed by similarly poor sources of information . 
  not really , they were very much reaching the end of their useful life . 
  blame politicians and the sorts of people who post in your average / r/unitedkingdom thread who hate any defense spending of any sort . 
  nuclear reactors would have cost more than diesel engines so they were scrapped . 
  it 's not junk , it 's got completely different capabilities to the ef , and we 're helping make this too . 
  that russia is saying it does not mean that others can not say it .
