  a few old buildings to look at and a pretty little fishing village , that 's about it . 
  to be honest , we 're getting to the point where we do n't actually * need * train operators in a lot of situations , but they 've got powerful unions so it 's damn hard to get rid of them . 
  not hugely , trade surplus would logically be automatically adjusted for population differences because its a relative measure of in vs. out which would automatically normalise itself for population . 
   i wonder will it all backfire for the tories ? 
  no , it 'll do exactly what they want , make a case on balance for our continued membership of the eu . 
  the tory front bench and funders know full well that the eu benefits us . 
  there are plenty of redneck king and country backbenchers who think we should leave , and your average uk citizen would probably vote to have us leave but then again they 're also completely fucking ignorant too . 
  the point of reports like this is so that cameron can turn around and say `` well actually this eu thing seems to be ok on the whole so lets stick with it eh folks ? '', 
  boom . 
  another bond of integration . 
  we 're going to get this project going sooner or later , even if my country is being slightly retarded about things . 
  scrolling down that list thinking `` i need a wee visit away from this shit hole '' only to find ... aberdeen ( = this shit hole ) !?!, 
  what the hell ? 
  poor bastards . 
  rail travel always feels so safe ( because , really , it is ) but not having seat belts , having people walking around and playing with laptops , phones , and so forth throughout each carriage . 
  the effects of going around a bend at 190 km and your carriage flipping onto its side and hitting a wall are unimaginable . 
  alcohol is crazily expensive over there , and it 's irritating as hell having to find an alko just because you want a bottle of wine . 
  the finnish government takes a really weird puritanical view towards drinking - as if someone having a couple of glasses of pinot grigio with their spaghetti on a thursday evening is going to collapse society . 
  yes , sorry this is true . 
  kind of felt like given the level the question was asked at though that excessive detail might overcomplicate my answer . 
  it could , but it would require a single eu wide taxation rate , which seems unlikely to occur in the next century at least . 
  i 'm not saying it 'll happen , just saying that it would be required . 
  the us has federal taxes sure but they also have fairly different states taxes ( far more expensive to live in nyc than in redneckland . 
  belgians get 20 days of holidays per year . 
  finland gets 5 weeks minimum . 
  having a gander at that list most countries seem to get about 20 days per year , so finland clearly is a country where people have more time to go on holiday , essentially . 
  when i was a kid i went for maybe 2 weeks or so . 
  these days i tend to go places for a week at most . 
  tax . 
  you 're welcome to buy polish cigarettes , take them to the uk , declare them , and pay uk tax . 
  that 's fine . 
  you want to take more than a personal quantity to the uk though , and you do need to pay that tax , and that means people smuggle them to avoid the tax ( logical but illegal ) . 
  until we have a single tax system in the eu we wo n't have a true single market in that sense . 
  i think the thing is smokers tend to be considered those who have to have cigarettes on a regular basis . 
  i 've known plenty of dudes who smoke when they drink , but do n't go all crabby and grumpy if they do n't have a cigarette for 3 days . 
  that is to say , the term `` smoker '' normally refers to those with an ongoing nicotine addiction , in the same way that `` alcoholic '' refers to those with an alcohol addiction , not just anyone who drinks alcohol . 
  never sure why this distinction is so complicated for people . 
  i always wish scotland and the rest of the uk were counted separately for the drinking thing . 
  the rest of the nation are such light weights , we struggle to keep the numbers up . 
  not to counter , but one may as well just say 2 meters if measuring in meters . 
  for myself i 'd either say 179 cm or 1.8 m , saying 1.79 m just seems weird . 
  they might be capitalist as hell in most aspects of their day to day lives now , but in terms of personal space , the prc is still very much a communist country ; it 's all shared . 
  it 's kind of a genericised southern english working class joke of an `` accent '' . 
  it 's more just the imaginings of 4chan and reddit tbh . 
  there are a few , but that 's only a small amount of the trans-atlantic traffic . 
  the majority does go through the uk . 
  i see your point about location , but with the internet as it is , it basically all travels throughout the us as it is . 
  geographical location is an issue of convenience , not of ability to operate . 
   i agree , on the other hand , given the very short amount of time they gave anything on the tour , i think the point about european meals lasting a long time does make some sense . 
  yes , but to come to europe and only eat shitty chinese food is to somewhat miss the entire point . 
  i recall reading this article when it first came out 2 years ago and just thought how sad it was that clearly the default method of operation for chinese tourism is still tickbox tourism , which feeds back into the whole `` this is n't because i actually care this is because now i can boast about having done it '' thing which is everywhere in chinese society right now , and is a really really shitty trait . 
  it 's also wrong . 
  the idea that you can say `` cheaper than america '' is absurd . 
  while big cities in the us have relatively high property values , most of the us is really blood cheap compared with most european cities . 
  whut ? 
  you need to do some reading of history matey . 
  wales was conquered yeah , but scotland fought two wars of independence and won them both , before a long time later voluntarily unifying with england . 
  right . 
  check out a [ map ] ( http://ansonalex.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/underwater-internet-cable-map.jpg?d5aadb ) of that traffic . 
  everything coming east from the americas goes through cornwall , everything going west from africa and europe goes through cornwall . 
  i ca n't recall the percentage of the top of my head but a seriously high percentage of the world 's internet data goes through the south west of england . 
  clearly somebody does otherwise i would n't have asked , so stop being a cunt eh ? 
  then you have n't been reading or you 're in a country where it was n't discussed . 
  tempora would appear to be almost more invasive than prism , but the mod put out a d-notice on it so there has n't been much discussion of it specifically in the news . 
  not quite actually . 
  germany lacks an organisation like nsa . 
  the number of countries which have serious sig int agencies is rather low - the bnd just carry out some signals intelligence where possible . 
  is anyone seriously surprised that a country like germany is doing naughty spying , after it 's been clear that france , the uk , sweden , the us , and probably a bunch of other countries have been doing the same too ? 
  ah yes , that really is miles away from any news or civilisation . 
  the uk , not just `` england '' . 
  you 're in the club , do n't worry , we 'll be there in droves soon enough . # cheap holidays hello !, 
  oi , some scots speak proper english . 
  we laugh at glasgow ( dirty southerners ) and you lot because none of you speak the bloody language properly . 
  fuck that , let 's just eat swedes . 
  the eu does bring huge benefits . 
  the primary problems which eu countries are suffering from right now are a global recession and historic overspending in some countries over the past decade . 
  once the former is improving and the latter is dealt with , i suspect people will be more aware of the massive improvements that this brings both individuals and countries . 
  can we please not ? 
  what with the economic suicide an ' all . 
  i 'd gladly share my food with my brothers and sisters , if they were hungry . 
  it 's been pretty good for poland though , eh ? 
  already earned it buddy . 
  welcoming a new member in feels fantastic . 
  we may have our ups and downs in the eu , but this is a fantastic organisation , and with a little luck and a lot of hard work from us all , maybe one day we 'll one big magnificent country . 
  you so funny , talking in irish gaelic an ' all . 
  well done you !, 
  have a cookie or something . 
  ah yes , that . 
  that was deeply embarrassing for that chap ; and you too i suppose . 
   think the thing here is the culture of a nation . 
  if a fin moves to sweden , they 'd be expected to adopt the swedish culture by learning the language and adapting to society and so forth . 
  this is what 's happened with the fins in sweden . 
  however , certain elements of swedish culture , such as the language , are part of finnish culture and so it 's expected that you learn swedish in finland because swedish is part of the finnish character and culture . 
  however , this is n't true for fins in sweden . 
  speaking finnish is not part of swedish culture and therefor finnish is not a national language in sweden , because speaking finnish is just not part of it . 
  well , speaking finnish is as much a part of finnish speaking swedes ' culture as speaking swedish is part of swedish speaking finns ' culture now , is n't it ? 
  we 're not talking about the odd emigre , there are significant populations of the respective minorities in each country . 
  i do stand by what i said though , it is culturally obnoxious to make such a fuss about finns keeping swedish as an official language when sweden does n't have finnish . 
   tl : dr it 's not culturally obnoxious , it 's just that finland has two national languages and the guy in the video is respecting them both . 
  which is nice .
