  the government just is n't listening , and the protesters are n't intending on going away - people would welcome the death of berkut members at this point . 
  i 'm worried about the nation , but i 'm starting to think that a relatively bloodless revolution is now the best we can hope for , and a civil war a possibility . 
  clearly the new social paradigm has come to co-exist with the quantum dynamics of our new unipolar leadership . 
  potato ? 
  shut.down.everything . 
  oh yeah for sure . 
  the great game is still being played , we only need to look to ukraine or syria to see this . 
  however latvia is comparatively safe now , while russia will still exert pressure where they feel aggrieved , especially in relation to the large russian speaking latvian minority , they have , in essence , lost the baltic states to western europe . 
  indeed , i 'm very far from these morons we have so many in the west of europe who think russia is now pacified and is no longer any threat to anyone , and is just another nation , but i do not think latvians need worry about stuff like this . 
  as long as europe is strong , latvia is safe in it 's freedom . 
  it 's 23 years man . 
  let 's face it , most of the people who ( absurdly ) miss it are going to be dead soon . 
  latvia stronk and modern and euro innit ? 
  this made me want to go hang out on the south bank for a bit ... 
  i 'm torn on this . 
  i know these police officers are helping suppress a protest movement which is justified and appropriate , and i know that they will play a part in suppression of revolution , if it gets that far , and at the same time , a couple of guys on the ground being beaten by a mob with sticks never seems right , no matter if they 're in uniform or not in uniform . 
  ah right , i was missing the eu part of that slip up . 
  still does n't really seem that horrific , he had a slip of the tongue . 
  god damnit now i want a fry-up . 
  to hell with both of you and your polite sunday afternoon conversation . 
  the uk * is * a fully fledged eu member , and fuck him for saying otherwise . 
  they might want to start with existence . 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  what business are other people 's bonuses of yours ? 
  now now , do n't interrupt the `` britain is bad member of eu '' circlejerk . 
  be not muslim , quite possibly . 
  do n't care . 
  totally worth it . 
  i drink , and that 's bad for my liver . 
  i 'm not going to avoid tasty tasty cinnamon rolls just because they 're also bad for my liver . 
  that champ is just going to have to continue to take a kicking . 
  what a bunch of wankers . 
  uuh , you think that does n't happen already ? 
  that 's why our own spies keep an eye on important people in the uk , to find out who has what kinks that makes them vulnerable to foreign agents . 
  well , yes , that 's pretty much what intelligence agencies do . 
  that they 're doing it is not a surprise . 
  it 's just the extent to which they 've done it which is surprising . 
  i 'm saying greece is fucked because of the attitudes of its people , and the behaviour of it 's government . 
  im not so much casting an iditement upon every individual but rathrr greek society and government as a whole . 
  that 'll solve the greek sovereign debt crisis , paying even less tax . 
  greece is so fucked . 
  this . 
  it 's such an unintentionally kept secret too . 
  so few people seem to be aware that aberdeen is a boomtown , where the unemployment rate is comically close to zero and you 've got guys in their early twenties without university degrees getting 30-50k per year . 
  12 % of our economy is based on the financial services sector , of which some is based outside of london . 
  it 's really not * that * bad a percentage . 
  people seem to be under the illusion that 80 % of the money the uk makes is from the fsi . 
  depends which country they 're being exported to . 
  some countries have chosen to put their own stuff in i believe , and certainly there are countries the us will sell the airframe to but wo n't trust with electronics ip transfers , but i ca n't imagine that nl is one of those . 
   fair enough . 
  but my point was that they wanted one aircraft for the tasks now performed by different aircraft . 
  kind of . 
  what you 're missing , and this is vital , is that this is n't just an aircraft which is combining what those aircraft did into one model , this is an aircraft which is bringing significantly improved and advanced capabilities over and above those found in the previous generations . 
  stick the optronics of the f-16 in an f-35 and ignore stealth and is the f-35 a better a2a aircraft than the f-16 ? 
  well probably yes , but certainly it 's closer . 
  but that 's ignoring the massively improved electronic warfare , sensor integration , and most importantly stealth aspects that an f-35 has which an f-16 does n't . 
  you can make similar comparisons for all other aircraft it 's replacing . 
  was it feasable to make a 1 for 1 replacement at this level of sophistication for every single plane being replaced ? 
  the cost would have been absurd . 
   but even if true this only counts for the u.s. . we ( the netherlands ) and others partners in the project need only one type aircraft . 
  we do n't have a navy with an own air force etc. . 
  right , but you ca n't afford to develop an aircraft which is anywhere near as good as the f-35 is . 
  your airforce is already buying off the shelf kit . 
  you currently fly f-16 's . 
  those are long in the tooth and coming to the end of their life as competitive aircraft in terms of modern air combat , so sooner or later nl has to upgrade . 
  it makes sense to go for a 5th gen aircraft . 
   this is all on paper . 
  it has not flown in service yet and it will take many more years before it will . 
  also : the pilots are complaining that they ca n't look behind them . 
  this ca n't be fixed with reverse engineering . 
  well no , that 's not true at all . 
  there are 100 airframes already flying so this is anything but `` all on paper '' . 
  it will still be several years before it 's finished being tweaked to a level that lm and the us govt . 
  will certify it for active service , but that 's not a damnation on the aircraft . 
  eurofighter took nigh on two decades to go from drawing board to active service , and it 's a far simpler aircraft . 
  you say `` this ca n't be fixed with reverse engineering '' but that 's utterly untrue . 
  aircraft are continually modified and adapted and revised . 
  the idea that anything is set in stone on an aircraft which will probably number 3500-5000 airframes in its total lifespan , when only 100 have been built so far , is absolutely absurd and demonstrates an utter lack of understanding of the incremental adjustments which occur in aircraft development both prior to and post active service . 
   they made false promises about the cost , about the jobs it would create and they shamelessly lobby for their own good . 
  we wanted to buy 85 planes . 
  due to rising cost it will be 37 . 
  lol welcome to military procurement , where governments want everything for nothing , promise to fund x items , cut back expenditure later , companies get nervous and start to cover their own asses ( slowing things down , creating more stretches of the truth ) . 
  in short , this happens with nigh on every bit of kit . 
  it sucks i agree but lets not pretned there 's any options out there at this time which are particularly better . 
   and the funny part : we have absolutely no tasks for our military that could n't be done with upgraded f-16 's and drones . 
  hehe . 
  but it is only taxmoney , right ? 
  at this current moment maybe , but you never know what the future holds . 
  no-one would have predicted in 1900 that just over a decade later the world would be in the bloodiest war of all history . 
  ok firstly , the jsf was not designed to replace the b-52 as a bomber . 
  the 52 's are staying in service up to 2050 if need be . 
  i understand the basis of the jsf , and yet the feasability of developing three versions of one aircraft to be a 5th generation stealth multi-role aircraft is far higher than that of developing three seperate 5th generation single-role aircraft . 
  to describe the plane as mediocre is idiotic . 
  it 's got optronics far in advance of any aircraft flying excepting the f-22 , and in some regards it 's superior . 
  it 's stealthier than any aircraft flying again excepting the f-22 . 
  this idea that multi-role aircraft are n't any good is absurd . 
  the f-16 started as a single role light dayfighter and was developed into a multirole swing role fighter bomber and has been excellent at that for a good few years ( although it 's long in the tooth now ) . 
  the f-15 was designed as an air superiority fighter and then developed to have the capacity to be an attack aircraft if required , and even further into the f-15e which is a dedicated attack aircraft which can defend itself where required . 
  the f-18 started as a multirole aircraft to replace three or four single role aircraft , and once again has a great history , being developed further into the f-18e / f super hornet which is again , a fantastic aircraft for the money . 
  there 's a lot of very uninformed nonsense going around about the f-35 , largely based off people who 've read the equally uninformed idiot journalists who slam the f-35 without any real understanding of modern fighter aircraft .
