  i have never seen so many people smoke as i have seen traveling in europe . 
  germany has large turkish community . 
  most likely turkish anti-israel violence . 
  you have hill billy girls in bosnia ? 
  i thought that was only in west virginia lol, 
  well i guess they all could n't have been lucky to have been born in luxemburg with a silver spoon in their mouth . 
  someone already mentioned it about pow 's in france , but the reality was their was n't a large significant population of indians or muslims within continental europe . 
  hitler also in some sense needed the arab nationalist cause on his side because he was militarily dealing with british and french imperialism while at war with them . 
  he held arabs in disdain for being '' racially undesirable '' but he in some respects respected how islam spread by the sword in the 7th century and thought that was well suited to the germanic mindset . 
  i think long term he thought that if he bought into good graces with the arabs now ( 1939-1940 ) he would have been able to fully conquer north africa once britain and france were out of the war . 
  he could then have the oil and trade access for his nazi empire . 
  indians were also in a sense at odds with your country , so it was a mutually beneficial relationship even when hitler and the indian independence movement were diametrically opposed to each other on every moral and political level . 
  we try and do that but when you have entrenched political systems in complex cultures you run into major issues . 
  sweden breaks off and enters u.s territorial waters at astonishing speed . 
  are you referring to the forced expulsions or migration of the turks from there following the 1912 and 1913 balkan wars ? 
  i do n't think their was a carefully orchestrated plan by those nations in the balkan league to exterminate the turkish people . 
  their has been evidence on the contrary for sultan abdul hamid ii and later on the cup of the young turks devising methods of destruction on the armenian population from the 1860 's to its culmination in 1914-15 . 
  genocide is the forced destruction of entire peoples ... you just said yourself that you think that was what they intended to do . 
  so how does that not qualify as genocide , which you originally dismissed ? 
  i also have a history degree and their is a fair degree of secondary sources and some primary quotes from the three pashas that prove it was a deliberate plan to exterminate the armenian population . 
  i suggest you look on the wiki page as it has a lot of documentation to prove this point . 
  i do n't know if you would get that many as the law of '' insulting turkishness '' has been used agains ' t those who have raised issue with non admission of the armenian genocide . 
  can you explain to me why this really bothers you so much?their would n't be this level of controversy if turkey just fucking manned up and admitted to it . 
  do you fear that admission would result in turkey compensating armenians for assets stolen and property confiscated ? 
  i know turkish culture demands respect of fathers and their actions . . but you guys should just admit it already . 
  if you think we do than you are mistaken, 
  russian oil goes through the bosphorus and dardellenes . . so its understandable if turkey would n't go along with it as it could put them into the position of blockading russia which could be construed by them as an act of war ... which inevitably draws nato into your defense if you get attacked . . complicated stuff . 
  israel has a large number of russian jewish citizens and its not going to apply sanctions on a delicate relationship with moscow that drives it further into iranian hands . 
  israel is smart to not put all its eggs into one basket ( i.e united states ) . 
  the austro-hungarian empire was also a '' sick man '' of europe at the time , though conventionally speaking we traditionally ascribe that to the ottoman empire . 
  the reality was that after world war i , three empires no longer existed ... ottoman , austro-hungarian , and imperial russia which was embroiled in an internal civil war . 
  the land had to be divided up somehow and so eastern european nations were created as was dividing up the ottoman empire . 
  the npt prevents proliferation among the big nations like us and russia , which has been reducing stockpiles . 
  the issue going forward is actually whether or not upgrading and designing new weapons systems to augment already existing nuclear weapons constitutes a violation of the npt ... it 's something that is supposed to be discussed in your country i think this year . 
  yep . 
  people react emotionally without thinking of the repercussions like you just said . 
  ethiopia is far better off than somalia . 
  we have a border with russia ... i know exactly how that feels . 
  how are you able to type this without electricity present in your country ? 
  did you show the guy your windmill anyway ? 
  seriously ... do you know franco ? 
  i hear he can cook up a mean paella . 
  wow . . your really considering converting to judaism ? 
  well ... welcome to our little tribe haha . 
  seriously , that is pretty cool of you . 
  we are an interesting people to say the least ... get yourself a good shrink also . 
  it comes in hand . 
  can you ship this across the atlantic to me ? 
  thanks . 
  easter falls on different sundays every year . . just found it interesting . 
  eating passover leftovers ... that is what i 'm doing today . . perhaps i will take a joy ride to the jersey shore and look out on the ocean . 
  i love chinese food . 
  confirm . 
  i do n't see what checking ids would have done to prevent this tragedy ? 
  this seems from what we know so far to have been germanwings knowing this guy had severe mental issues and doing nothing to prevent him from getting back into the cockpit of a flight . 
  this seems more and more to be negligence from the airline rather than a passenger issue . 
  he has a big red button he looks at everyday and says '' not today guys . . not today . '', 
  gandhi has taken over the leadership of moscow apparently . 
  `` i do n't go so far as to think that the only good indian is the dead indian , but i believe nine out of every ten are , and i should n't like to inquire too closely into the case of the tenth . 
  the most vicious cowboy has more moral principle than the average indian . '' -- theodore roosevelt like i said . . a lot of horrible things came out of the mouths of many people in that time period which did contribute to the acceptance of people like hitler later on . 
  but hitler took it the extreme position of making it state policy . 
  we hate hitler because he actually carried out those policies on a grand scale nearly eliminating an entire group of people on the continent that europeans lived in . 
  yes , their were horrible genocides/atrocities committed in africa , latin america , and asia during the imperial age , but they were in far off places and no one held those nations to account for those atrocities . 
  after world war i their was a mindset that needless slaughter would never happen again . 
  fascism was the manifestation of nationalism that made it brutally ugly for europeans . 
  i think linking words to action are critically important . 
  hitler carried out the mindet and put it into practice . 
  it 's why after the war , europe turned solidly leftist and a lot of introspection took place . . it 's why the europe today is largely far more progressive than north america . 
  if we hold what you say as true that words matter as much as action than should we tear down statues of teddy roosevelt ? 
  we like to act better today because of present-ism but back in the 19th century this is/was the mindset of a lot of people . 
  racial tolerance and understanding are relatively new . 
  what bismarck said was said many times over by other global/national leaders of the time period . 
  you can see references to chinese and japanese nationalists at the time espousing similar words at the time period . 
  i am not going to compare him to hitler at all . 
  bismarck was not hitler . 
  bismarck said some horrible things , but you know who else did as well ? 
  but i would n't call him a mini-hitler also . . but one of our great presidents . 
  i could look to greece as one example . 
  ohh i am fully aware of the great game rivalry between britain/russia at the time and the competing interests at stake . 
  but your source did n't really mention that the british prime minister disraeli was condoning ottoman atrocities on your people or was at odds with an independent bulgaria . 
  your source actually shows widesspread support throughout europe for the nationalist impulses in the balkans and shows disagreements within the british political establishment for how to confront russia , manage relations with the ottomans , and at the same time support the creation of new independent states in the power vacuum of the decaying ottoman empire . 
  what germans today are joking about auschwitz and us jews ? 
  as far as i can see as someone who is jewish , the germans have the done the absolute most to confront their historical past unlike other countries . . some of them european collaborationists as well . 
  the british trade route to india did n't need bulgaria or the ottoman empire for that matter . 
  it needed egypt and the suez canal which had just opened up in 1869 . 
  do you have any citations to show germany or britain were specifically trying to screw bulgaria over ? 
  also , can you address why russia did not permit bulgarian representation at the conference ? 
  i like to play civilization iv as the dutch . 
  you guys are great merchants and bring me significant wealth ... my dutch empire has defeated the chinese and indian empires on many occasions . 
  yeah i know . . was just joking lol . 
  if anyone is still pissed off about a war that happened 150 years ago you need your head examined . 
  ( looking at some of my own countrymen south of the mason-dixon line today ) . 
  being a religious or ethnic minority in many european countries throughout european history meant you were subject to harsh discriminatory policies . 
  obviously the worst fell the stateless minorities like jews , gypsies , etc. 
  but once poland lost independence in 1795 , their minority status was codified in german ( specifically prussian ) and russian imperial policy as being the '' other '' . 
  either being uncivilized or not slavic enough . 
  you still pissed off at that ? 
  was n't bulgaria excluded from the talks by russian insistence ? 
  if anything great britain and austria-hungary did not want an independent bulgaria because it would lean to russia . 
  bismarck was navigating between multiple powers ( interests ) in negotiating for your state to even exist .
