  . . like the dinosaurs ? 
  i backpacked for 2 weeks through turkey ... so yeah my perception is spot on . 
  kinda like how turks are pretty much treating their own minorities like crap today and under suspicion . 
  you guys get a pass largely because of your brown skin for the racism in the muslim/islamic world . 
  the problem with areas like sultanhamet where most foreigners congregate is that every turkish person is out to scam you in some fashion . 
  go to taksim , and people will inevitably come up to you to try and scam you . 
  ask for directions , someone will ask for a payout . 
  you want people to like your people you need to be more welcoming . 
  it does n't help when everyone just looks so angry and bitter all the time . 
  are you actually calling the drone strikes campaign a genocide by using words like '' systematic murder '' ? 
  if so , you are being incredibly disingenuous . 
  mistakes happen all the time ... it 's quite easy to highlight those , but when you realize that the lawless frontier area in pakistan/afghan border is a haven for groups that want to topple the gov ' t in islamabad , it 's actually in our interests to maintain the drone strike campaign . 
  as for yemen as well , if we do not have a drone campaign , how do we prevent stateless groups like aqap from hosting themselves in poorly governed countries without putting troops in there ? 
  see its real edgy to be so anti-drone until you actually look at it in context and what we are dealing with globally . 
  going through border control for gas must be fun, 
  how is kissinger a '' card carrying war criminal '' ? 
  jeeze . . you are dense . 
  drone strikes that keep pakistani taliban from launching coordinated attacks on afghan and pakistani interests . 
  i do n't think you quite realize how cost effective drone strikes really are as opposed to putting boots on the ground . 
  kissinger is a great man . . p.s he did n't '' assassinate '' anyone . 
  yes . . i know you are going to bring up chile and vietnam . 
  so please do it so i can utterly destroy you . 
  you drive there just to fill up your car ? 
  are we okay here ? 
  everyone squared on this ? 
  good . 
  from my culture ... as i am jewish and i love rosh hashana ( it 's passover without the 1-2 hour storytelling component ) is homemade brisket , potato kugel , and homemade matzah balls with chicken soup . . ok . . it 's more than 1 . 
  you get that kind of money by going to a top tier school and going into finance . 
  they sound so robotic, 
  many issues . 
  that was one of them . 
  another was raising an army or establishing tariffs . . states that benefited with little tariffs would simply veto even if it was in the national interest for them . 
  greek imperialism is annoying ... i have to listen to my neighbors with their loud music and the great smell of lamb that i wo n't get to try . 
  thanks ... a lot . 
  russia obviously does not have enough land ... 
  prior to the u.s constitution being adopted in 1787 we were under a different form of gov ' t called the articles of confederation . 
  from 1781-1787 this was our 1st gov ` t. 
  the reason it failed was because each of the 13 states could veto anything and crash any form of national consensus . 
  you had too much devolution of power to the states and a limited federal gov ` t. 
  their were also constant interstate conflicts which prompted the formation of the annapolis convention where the ground was laid for the constitution . 
  it got worse when shays rebellion in massachusetts almost toppled the gov ' t there . 
  it showcased the limited reach of the federal gov ' t to deal with internal and foreign threats . 
  at this period in our history , the biggest threat was still britain and also in some corners it would be french domination of our political thinking . 
  we were not as close as you may believe . 
  that would only really happen until after the war of 1812 . 
  their was separatist thinking for northern states with the federalist party under people like alexander hamilton . 
  it could also be argued that we were n't really a unified cohesive union until the end of reconstruction in 1877 . 
  history degree here ... 
  you mean the good ole days ? 
  i hear spain has quite the armada, 
  what is `` g.a '' next to israel and egypt ? 
  islamists will fail as miserably as the late stannis baratheon . 
  he is bigger than all of us , ask him . 
  you know who actually helped sub-sahara africa a lot but gets little credit for it ? 
  george w. bush . 
  i guess the rains of spain cause a huge brain drain . 
  islam on ice . 
  should be a fun show . 
  and drinking a glass of coke while snorting coke, 
  i enjoyed rome because i knew as a history major where to go and what to see . . under appreciated sights et . 
  but i agree with you about going outside the major cities ... i live close to new york city and to be honest , even as a local , i can not stand it for more than a day . 
  i need my suburban lifestyle . . just less chaotic and happier people . 
  their are noticeable differences . . most americans will say the word '' about '' as a-bowt . 
  canadians pronounce it a-boot . 
  this is just one subtle language difference . 
  their are some noticeable speech patterns . 
  i was on a boat in the eastern mediterranean back in the summer of 2000 going from cyprus to israel . 
  at night . . holy crap . . the amount of stars , milky way , pitch blackness was incredible . 
  '' it sucks and we know it '' ... you guys just surrender your entire country to these freaks . 
  have a little fucking courage and stand up for yourselves . 
  i heard gays are n't even allowed to have gay rights parades in certain neighborhoods in sweden because that can offend the delicate muslims ... ohhh noooo ... boo fucking hoo . 
  sweden wanted to show us in the u.s how open minded and tolerant they are ... it 's totally backlashed agains ' t them because the people they let in have no desire to be integrated into that society . 
  for them , it 's about making money and sending it back to their countries or self enclosed communities where archaic traditions are still allowed to flourish and get worse with radicalization . 
  you act like japanese cultural values prior to our occupation and transformation of japan in the late 40 's to early 50 's would still have allowed the vaginas and penises . 
  you are acting out of french cultural identity which is n't the norm . 
  ok ... but what are '' furries '' ? 
  you will have major civil disturbances if this is n't shut down and they are expelled from france . 
  you guys are pretty far up north . 
  no , but many of their cousins did . 
  both my grandfathers were soldiers in the u.s army and air corps . 
  while they were fighting the nazis and japanese , their family members were being wiped out in eastern europe . 
  i 'm jewish . . i do n't think any prison sentence will teach them a lesson at all . 
  i think the best form of punishment for them is them being forced to volunteer/intern at auschwitz for a summer . 
  i never understood why caring about the future of your country somehow implies a racist connotation . 
  listen , i 'm jewish ... i would be the first to worry about a germany that defined itself as a german racial nation ... so no , it 's not about a particular race , but about the future social stability of your nation . 
  all kidding aside , your birthrates are ridiculously low . . at some point you guys need to raise your birthrate to replacement levels or in 30-50 years you will have a huge aging population and less tax revenue coming in . 
  that will impact your standard of living considerably . 
  there is nothing fun about europe, 
  palestinians are the reason palestine is n't recognized globally . 
  what would that mean at all ? 
  palestine has no set borders . . what does palestine mean ? 
  because according to hamas in gaza its not just '67 borders . 
  its a cute symbolic thing that does absolute nothing . 
  you saw 60 minutes last night, 
  anyone who calls another person a '' goofy tulip '' gets an upvote from me . 
  a tutorial on how to stop listening to music ... jesus h christ ... 
  immigrants are 1st generation . 
  everyone after is from there . 
  the problem is ... that often times results in destabilizing once stable countries who just do n't have the economic capacity to absorb refugees and integrate them into their societies . 
  whenever i hear some europeans tell us how we in america do n't live healthy lifestyles i always tell them about how much they smoke .
