it 's usually out of conflicting narratives like this that hostilities result from . 
  two competing world views . . the u.s one on nato and liberal self-determination while russia sees the end of the cold war as making nato somewhat obsolete and an encroachment on their sphere of influence , much like we in the u.s have long standing monroe and roosevelt corollary doctrines of non-interference in our hemisphere . 
  i stopped reading your garbage when you said israel is not at war with gaza , which it is at war with hamas which runs gaza . 
  also , israel indiscriminately killing civilians is an entirely stupid way of seeing the conflict . 
  lol using electronic infitada as your source ... ohh jeeze ... 
  the ihh sponsored flotilla were not palestinian civilians . 
  i think you are confused . 
  edit : also , if you are talking about civilian/militant ration , the same ratio applies to the u.s in afghanistan and iraq . 
  civilians die in war . . thats a newsflash for you . 
  i am sure in the ohh so peaceful netherlands , you never have to deal with anything being a small nation and all . 
  the ihh group is hardly a bunch of '' civilians '' ... even turkey raided them for terrorism . 
  trucks on the syrian border with weapons in their so called '' humanitarian convoys '' . 
  al-qaeda linked people in their buildings ... 
  this group is militant and violent and they prey on the naivety of european leftists like yourself . 
  it 's not '' sidetracking '' . . its called making a point about how comparing body counts in war is ridiculous . 
  it 's called looking at an issue objectively without thinking its a video game and the team with the most kills is the winner or loser . 
  so you are equating israelis and nazis ? 
  well you would know if you knew maybe a handful of israelis or met them before . 
  maybe you would have some first hand experience . 
  what was i thinking ... of course not . 
  because obviously most jews ascribe to the beliefs of rabbi ovadia yosef who also said in 2000 and 2009 that the holocaust was the result of jews sinning ... do you think most israeli jews believe that also since they in your view believe in the quote you put forth ? 
  their is a very big difference between nationalism and its extremist component which was fascism ( italy ) and nazism ( germany ) . 
  if you are a european so concerned about the dangers of nationalism do you think you should return germany to its pre-1871 unification phase ? 
  or italy prior to it being united under nationalism of garibaldi ? 
  there is nothing wrong with jewish nationalism . 
  i also find it pretty ironic that those who go after jews for being nationalistic in israel in the same breath support the concept of palestinian nationalism . 
  only 9 million people or so in your country , but its 3.5 % of your population which is a very significant minority for voting sakes and public policy . 
  nothing to write off . 
  you know how many more germans we killed as americans or japanese we killed than vice versa ? 
  since when is conflict and who is right or wrong determined by body counts ? 
  that is a low iq way of understanding a conflict . 
  edit : lol ok . . downvote me . . so mature instead of addressing faulty logic . 
  the hashemite kingdom of jordan killed over 70,000 palestinians in black september . 
  yeah . . your wrong . 
  the point being , the lack of a peace treaty is in part ( not entirely ) the fault of external neighbors influencing the two parties to make a deal . 
  the syrian civil war , hezbollah in south lebanon , etc are legitimate issues for israel when it comes to its borders . 
  this is so multifaceted and involving issues below the surface that its pointless to ascribe blame to only one party . 
  '' they were able to solve their issues '' not really . 
  they were forced by circumstances after world war ii and the wake of the destruction of europe along with the looming cold war with the soviet union to work together . 
  they did n't just sit down one day and decide to say fuck it to over 1000 years of constantly shifting boundaries , wars , identities etc. 
  as long as we ( america ) are in turkey and allowing them to be part of nato they will never go after your country . 
  we need turkey in order to conduct operations in the broader middle east . 
  our air bases there are too important . 
  i do n't see turkey and russia cozying up anyways even if we leave because of the historic animosity between russia/turkey that goes back centuries and exists in the present day in the proxy battles of syria . 
  how does an investor '' crash a nations currency ? '' . 
  soros made bets like he did with the british pound , but he did n't have a hand in the u.k 's bad fiscal policies . 
  it may come to the point of the northern regions deciding to break away from the southern regions and form their own new country . 
  the concept of a unified italian state is still relatively ( in european historic terms ) new and it 's not working for every region within that state . 
  so educating teenagers who did n't have relatives who died at auschwitz is wrong ? 
  none of my family ever had anything to do with american slavery and yet we have gone to plantations in the southern u.s and seen how slaves were treated . 
  we also have visited civil war battlefields , does n't mean i ca n't show empathy toward other people . 
  perhaps people like yourself lack this ? 
  thought you were disagreeing with it . 
  ... even so , what is wrong with that ? 
  i fail to see what is wrong . 
  it 's an important part of modern european history . 
  you guys over in europe have a putrid horrid history over 2,000 years to jews . 
  maybe educating your populace on racism in your society is important ? 
  i do n't think you really need '' encouragement '' to cry at auschwitz when you learn what took place there . 
  and considering these are trips for jewish youths to know their history , it would be extremely poignant and hit close to home knowing they had relatives who were murdered on those grounds . 
  '' especially stories from israeli newspapers '' ... not all israeli papers are the same . . much like the ny times and fox news are not the same . 
  state troops are different . 
  they are like local police but with greater jurisdiction over the entire state and will usually patrol state highways . 
  local police stick to the town , city , etc. 
  the state militia aka the national guard are civilians who do part time work serving as a reserve army to suppress insurrections ( according to the u.s constitution ) and repel invaders of the states they reside in . 
  i do n't find it weird to have pride in your country . 
  pledge of allegiance is n't mandatory and neither is singing the anthem . 
  nobody is forcing anyone to do it . 
  missouri national guard . 
  each state has a national guard . 
  it 's the state militia . 
  the u.s is a dictatorship now ? 
  that 's a new one ... 
  yeah you guys integrate everyone ohh so well ... look at france right now lolol ... you guys are also driving jews out of europe . 
  please do not lecture us . 
  and what problem would that be ? 
  so you made an account in honor of mine and put '' 2 '' at the end ? 
  you are horrendous inside and out . 
  because binational states in the middle east work out really well ... lebanon , syria , iraq ... it would end in a potential for another holocaust with millions of 3rd and 4th generation palestinians flooding in and making jews a minority . 
  jews lose control over the military and hence , you get ethnic sectarian tensions and a civil war . 
  how would israel promote the muslims in your society from firebombing synagogues ? 
  lol come on ... 
  i am an american jew , but even if they are jewish and pro-israel that still does n't make it acceptable . 
  their positions on israel is entirely irrelevent to the conversation . 
  this is why i am fearful of what is going on over there . 
  i do n't think its safe anymore with the rise of the radical muslim population and the extreme right growing . 
  i do n't feel like my co-religionists should contribute to a society that does n't like them anymore . 
  thanks . . i met this girl last summer who is from the tirol near innsbruck . . i want to see her again . 
  saw her over new years in canada . 
  so thinking of things to do there as well . . not much of a skier so i guess it would be in the summer . 
  how many days is worth it in vienna as a tourist ? 
  i have never met anyone on reddit who changed his mind on an issue because of another redditor . 
  greece is demanding its grecian colonies from the classical age 2700 years ago as reparations . 
  ahhh state tv ... in america we call that bolshevik propaganda ; ), 
  just out of curiosity , how do you guys in europe watch house of cards ? 
  is netflix in europe yet ? 
  china came in the backdoor ? 
  vietnam coming to liberate belgium . 
  that would be a sight to behold . 
  damn straight .
