  you actually got screwed by the people who had most to gain by a '' greater bulgaria '' as far as i see . 
  the infamous schleswig-holstein war , right ? 
  that whole period from 1850-1890 or so really saw the formation of what eventually led to 1914 and 1939 . 
  you saw the u.s civil war ending in 1865 and the dominance of northern industrialization over southern agrarian politics . 
  you saw the '' opening '' up of japan in 1853 which eventually led to the modernization/industrialization of japan during the meiji era and the subsequent sino-japanese and russo-japanese wars which were harbingers of things to come in 1931 and onwards . 
  you had the german unification in 1871 and before that the austro-prussian wars which centered german political power on berlin rather than vienna in 1866 . 
  russia abolished serfdom in 1861 which eventually assisted in the demand for more peasant rights ( eventually leading to 1917 along with other factors ) ... monumental epoch events that set the stage . 
  as someone with a history degree its always interesting to look back and see these events and see them setting up the '' big picture '' . 
  thats what i try to do today with seeing how events today will shape the future . 
  right . . just joking on your use of the word hemisphere to describe the arab cultural world ... never heard hemisphere used in the context . 
  in chinese geopolitical minds that land is hardly a tiny bit of land . 
  it 's probably 3x the size of your country . 
  it also has huge reserves of lithium and rare earth metals which gives beijing leverage and power globally . 
  not to mention the land borders with pakistan and india it provides and access to central asian energy markets . 
  where is this arabic hemisphere ? 
  woops . . that is what i meant . 
  philippine food is real good though . 
  but the average person does n't vote for these resolutions . 
  its up to the gov ` ts un representatives to vote . 
  i think its a bit more complex than just that . 
  south america looks to have overwhelmingly voted for it and they have a much closer church-state relationship due to roman catholicism and its role down there . 
  i ` ts too early here in the u.s to get into a discussion lol im sorry . 
  the only reason they are n't acceptable in the context of ukraine ( as an example you gave ) is because of the presence of nuclear weapons and the concept of escalation . 
  if we lived in a world without nuclear weapons , i have no doubt we would be seeing a crimean war part 2 right now involving the major western european nations . 
  nuclear weapons is what deters action today . 
  the civil war was not about conquest . 
  it was about the role of the federal gov ` t , popular sovereignty , and expansion of slavery . 
  the manifest destiny as its popularly called was already finished for the most part ( excluding hawaii and alaska ) by 1861 . 
  that took place from the 1820s-1850 's which involved the issues that later led to the u.s civil war . 
  what period of french history ? 
  like a general overview ? 
  or a particular era ? 
  that seems ... complicated ... 
  of course she says '' unfortunately ... '' in reference to european jews who want to immigrate to israel out of zionist idealism . 
  that is such a subtle way of her to delegitimize israel in her eyes . 
  european jews or american jews who make aliyah to israel out of believing in a jewish state ( which is zionism ) are not doing anything wrong . 
  as an american jew , i can see a lot of faults and subtle political grandstanding within her piece . 
  people immigrate to the united states out of idealism for our political system and a better life . . but apparently that is somehow wrong when it comes to israel . 
  i have worked a few jobs in my younger days and some with `` undocumented '' people . 
  one i worked with was basically working to send money home to honduras . 
  he went from being a banker in honduras to working a construction job here in new jersey . 
  i was about 18 or 19 at the time and i was making more in my summer job than this guy at 50 or so doing it permanently . 
  one of the saddest realizations of what goes on beneath the surface here . 
  what ? 
  no one wants to come here ? 
  making me feel sad . 
  it 's your fault for having amazing autogrills at your rest stops off your highways . 
  why ca n't you guys export them here to the u.s ? 
  can you guys get on that ... it would be highly appreciated . 
  i lose sympathy for your mental disorder and suicidal depression when you decide to inflict your pain on other people . 
  that crosses the line . 
  yes . 
  he could be a far right extremist terrorist . 
  the point being . . it could still be considered terrorism . 
  well . . it could very well be terrorism if we find out he was trying to send a political message . 
  plenty of western people have gone to syria to fight for isis . 
  what kind of scumbag decides to do this with other lives onboard . 
  what a filthy piece of trash . 
  wow ... in the u.s you need 1,500 hours to become a copilot/first officer . 
  630 hours . . wow ... 
  can you guys stop talking about my wife like that ? 
  thanks . 
  lol come on ... it was a joke . 
  for a second i thought you meant in real football ... 
  i can think of a host of issues ... cyprus , armenian genocide , the fact its overwhelmingly in asia ( not europe ) . 
  its politics is a mess . 
  i do n't care if its for domestic audiences . 
  it sends a message that the state of turkey is at war with non-muslim nations and that he is linking the state of turkey and its policies ( as the head of state ) to a struggle in his mind between it and non-muslim nations . 
  why is nordic culture anti-social ? 
  i might be one of the only americans who gets that joke ... history degree woo woo, 
  that is the way news media here in the u.s is going . 
  it 's trying to be like fox news with fancy graphics and big in your face words . 
  the headline on cnn 's frontpage is actually rather nauseating . 
  are they really there ? 
  fucking insensitive pricks . 
  no , because it is sourced material . 
  i never said substantial amounts of people . 
  i said substantial evidence of peasants and villagers . 
  but i never said it was the whole society . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_poland#poles_and_the_jews i do n't have exact figures on me . 
  but their is also a case study in galicia done : http://www.haaretz.com/jewish-world/jewish-world-features/new-case-study-explores-role-of-polish-peasants-in-holocaust-atrocities.premium-1.503742, 
  see this is why i did n't want to get into a lengthy debate about it because like i said , the issue is more complex . 
  poland has the most righteous gentiles and did enormous stuff to save jews and yet at the same time a large enough amount of people took part in the holocaust and contributed to it without any germans demanding them to do so . 
  their are instances in rural southern poland where the germans were not even there yet or had given orders but the citizens handed over jews to german authorities . 
  if germany had ordered them to do so , it would be understandable . 
  but that was n't the case . 
  like i said , its a bit more complex and opening up historical wounds like this is not that great . 
  btw , i have a relative who went back to lodz after the war and was shot and killed for the simple act of reclaiming his property and being jewish . 
  i am not going to get into a lengthy debate on this , but their is substantial evidence of polish peasants and villagers rounding up local jews and denouncing jews without any direct orders from german authorities to do so . 
  perhaps in the cities it was a bit different . 
  but its a bit more complicated . 
  rural polish citizens were much more open to having the local jews killed . 
  now this is n't damning to all poles like i said . 
  so sad for the people of germany , spain , and all other countries that lost people today . 
  it is saddening to think that my grandfathers relatives walked through there at some point in time . 
  my ancestors in poland went through there . 
  its crazy to think that he was here in the united states and got drafted during wwii and fought while his cousins were being wiped out in poland . 
  it says we are trying to protect our already established communities from people illegally coming into the country and breaking our laws . 
  that is what it says . 
  we are not going to apologize for that .
