  ohh i agree . 
  but it 's wealth nonetheless . 
  i think the russian people perceive crimea as being more of historical importance and geopolitical importance than us americans will ever perceive iraq in 2003 to have been . 
  i think the vast majority of russian citizens like putin . 
  he brought about stability and economic growth to russia over the past 15 years that were lacking during the economic meltdown period the 90 's and particular the 1998 market crash . 
  putin brought the oligarchs under control and created the resurgent russia we see today through his policies . 
  the average russian citizen probably saw their standard of living increase greatly over the past 15 or so years . 
  now , the average russian citizen outside the major cities of st. petersberg and moscow ( where most tourists tend to go if they go to russia ) are traditionalists in russian culture which means their idea/conception of state values is eastern orthodox values . 
  values that are not kind to gays , jews , minorities , etc. 
  their is a certain degree of slavic nationalism involved in it as well , which is probably why you see so many neo-nazi groups in russia . 
  the problem is that when we as tourists go to russia we only see and talk to people who reside in the two biggest cities which traditionally are always more liberal in ideas , so we perceive russian society being agains ' t putin . 
  it 's like going here to new york city for a couple days and talking to people here and going home wondering why people vote for a republican . . they only see a certain segment of the population . 
  well that is your opinion , but it has seemed to have brought stability to many areas of the world . 
  japan and south korea are not at a higher chance of war today because of our commitment there . 
  nato alliance system with substantial u.s commitment and bases has kept russia largely in check ( not entirely of course ) . 
  it 's easy to attack us for being the big bad superpower but you would certainly see more fragile regions if we just packed up and left . 
  also , some countries view our alliance as meaning we are their external military . 
  i am not sure how we can '' mind our own business '' considering after 1945 ( and since 1991 ) we have been the sole superpower in the world . 
  superpowers have vast interests around the world . 
  we ca n't be unfriendly to gov ` ts that are repressive in nature just because of that or we would have to cut off contact with a lot of countries . 
  pakistan is a mess but not something we can just give up so easily . 
  do i think we share more in common with india ? 
  absolutely . 
  but that does n't mean for geopolitical purposes that is the wise decision to make . 
  u.s-china relations going forward might be the the most important relationship in the next 50-100 years , so we should n't heat up asian nationalism and alliance systems that could threaten stability . 
  i.e switching from pakistan to india as our mutual ally . 
  you act like we actually have a choice here to not work with the gov ' t there . 
  the world does n't work that way . 
  if we leave , china will swoop right in and develop closer relations . 
  that is n't good for china-india relations . 
  its a multifaceted issue . 
  the problem is that outside your main cities like moscow and st. petersburg the people are extremely traditional and eastern orthodox religious culture plays an important part in their daily lives . 
  this is reflected in how homosexuals in treated in russia . 
  well its uncharacteristic for a high ranking ambassador to be so brazen and state they would use nuclear weapons in that context . 
  pakistan has always had elements of its population hostile to the u.s. heck . . the pashtuns are aligned with the taliban there . 
  but spending 3-5 billion a year on that shithole in islamabad is much better than an open confrontation on the indian-pakistan border . 
  the only reason we are now bolstering pakistan with substantial aid is to keep their nuclear arsenal safe and from pakistan collapsing . 
  savages ? 
  * europe : the struggle for supremacy from 1453-present * by brendan simms . 
  premise by the historian is that whoever controls the core of europe potentially controls the entire continent . 
  it 's a rather lengthy book but its well worth it . . i have a history degree so i am already familiar with the background history . 
  she teaches ir at cambridge . 
  you gon na schleswig-holstein denmark again ? 
  i disagree . 
  we have ferries all over the new york metropolitan area that take people from new jersey to manhattan , staten island to the other boroughs . 
  it just reduces congestion on the roadways . 
  it would be reversed in this situation and it might prompt the ferry services to either get better ferries ( faster and more services available on them ) to compete . 
  not everyone is going to drive . 
  putin is acting like gandhi, 
  i would love to know if any world leader has ever mentioned the civilization series in a public way . 
  well i have only been once and it was in the summer two years ago . 
  only had 10 days so had to prioritize . 
  it 's a shame because istanbul , ephesus , the ionian coastline . . etc all beautiful . 
  erdogan is following the model set by putin . 
  it 's a new style of rule that has been described as authoritative capitalism . 
  i saw it here in my sleep 2 hours ago . 
  have fun with that, 
  that was a bipolar world , not a multipolar world . 
  multipolar is traditionally 3 + powers . 
  those are the most unstable due to changing alliances . 
  bipolar worlds are actually the most stable because it leaves checks on power . 
  you would laugh but civilization was the game that inspired me to get a history degree and eventually travel a lot . 
  i do . . yes i do . 
  i like it much more than civ 5 . . 
  i actually do because i built those cities in civilization iv when i was playing as the dutch . 
  yes . 
  all nations have geopolitical interests when they have natural resources and trade that goes beyond the borders of ones own country . 
  i believe its mutually beneficial for open sea lanes and free trade which peace time allows for . 
  european goods and american goods can cross the atlantic via plane or boat easily when their is no war . 
  the markets of the world are all interconnected , so while their may be a selfish motive for us wanting to dominate you guys economically their is also a mutual benefit that you guys receive , i.e not having to spend a large percentage of your gdp on military . 
  nato spending is by far something we have picked up the tab for . 
  i think we also have conflicting foreign policy ideas in american history . . whether its a theodore roosevelt model of realism or a woodrow wilson model of liberal internationalism . 
  depending on which president we elect , what you see of the u.s is largely a model on which foreign policy idea is best suited for the time we live in ... right now obama is following the woodrow wilson approach . 
  i.e strong multilateral institutions and spreading liberal values : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_internationalism teddy roosevelt believed in dealing with the world as it is rather than an idealized world . 
  president nixon and president bush utilized this approach in foreign affairs . . with some success and some major failures . 
  it 's why some people are confused on why we in the 1970s and 80 's overthrew gov ` ts ... because we were n't at the time acting out of liberal values but out of realist concerns . 
  china is what we are pivoting to ... which means increased focus on the pacific theater and more involvement with japan and sea . 
  more marines and more naval forces will be going there to contain china . 
  when putin gets sick , buildings begin to burn down out of sadness . 
  you fell under our dominance once you came to us in 1917 to get involved in world war i. 
  you took out loans from wall st. and wanted american finance along with our soldiers . 
  you took such a pounding financing your empire that you began to loosen your grip on your empire and gave more self-rule which obviously all came apart after 1945 . 
  it was just a drawn out process . 
  but the cold war is not correct on when britain lost its dominant position . 
  your empire was from 1815-1919 . 
  in russia , we are the ones missing . 
  putin is just finding us . 
  are you calling me a troll ? 
  just an endless train of freedom going choo choo choo, 
  http://thefabweb.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/iazi3vr.jpg?25d8db here is new brunswick , new jersey ... where i live . 
  we got johnson and johnson hq and rutgers university . 
  he very well might be right . 
  campaign finance rules in israel are shit and its been a tremendous problem . 
  but he has no room to really say anything concerning foreign financing since sheldon adelson a non-israeli who is an american citizen is a huge backer of his campaign through his newspaper israel hayom . 
  and i am an american jew who loves israel but am concerned about the political trends it has undergone recently . 
  why not just putin announcing he is marrying his girlfriend ? 
  maybe he wanted a special couple of days with his girl and proposed to her ? 
  if russia is so concerned why not just offer russian speakers a generous economic immigration package to come to russia ? 
  it 's not like russia does n't have enough territory to settle people . 
  they could use more population out in their eastern territory .
