it is , you can see sarah palin 's house-to-be from there . 
  all this talk about pipes and taking it ... 
  i expected a gynaecologist to mention another kind of waffle . 
  i did not answer the last question , the matter is too complex , it depends on many factors . 
  some say it 's beer flavored . 
  you are n't sorry , you 're from the nederlands , you take any chance to make fun of germans . 
  do n't you mean ( n ) edgy ( n +2 ) eu ? 
  so funny . 
  the church 's structure is composed of several self-governing ecclesial bodies , each geographically ( and often nationally ) distinct but unified in theology and worship . 
  each self-governing body ( autocephalous jurisdiction ) , often but not always encompassing a nation , is shepherded by a holy synod whose duty , among other things , is to preserve and teach the apostolic and patristic traditions and related church practices . 
  source : wikipedia, 
  they are both orthodox , but do not share leadership , they are separate churches , just like deutschland and osterreich are both german speaking nations , but are not united under one leadership . 
  does the russian orthodox church have an arguing leadership ? 
  romania is part of atheist europe ? 
  tasty honeycombs , yum !, 
   nor anywhere . 
  do you mean anywhere in italy ? 
  does minatomano 's youtube comment - eurov\u00edzi\u00f3ra vele !, 
  - mean you should enter it in the eurovision contest ? 
  google translate was n't helpful . 
  i read that as solidschwanz ... 
  national governments are the elites , commissioners are bureaucrats selected by these elites . 
  i wonder if you 'll be banned ... 
  romania should be yellow , tvr has 3 sources for funding : licence , ads , and grants . 
  hyperinflation is so funny !, 
  [ you forgot to post cake . 
  ] ( https://media.timeout.com/images/101543745/617/347/image.jpg ), 
  so you do n't eat anything on christmas , because you do n't have christmas ... hmm ... 
  you can use the words poland and ball together without fear . 
   red correct maybe he likes republicans . 
  it 's inaccurate for romania as well . 
  nothing is bothering me , i was just pointing out that `` german nazi '' sounds weird . 
  it is sufficient to say nazi . 
  i know there were nazis in other countries , but almost nobody thinks of them in relation to auschwitz . 
  `` german nazi concentration camps '' , huh ? 
  still dreading those 3 little words `` polish death camps '' ? 
  you can say `` nazi camps '' , everyone knows they were n't polish camps . 
  i do n't think bieber knows what ceta is . 
  dork ? 
  it has the romanian flag on it . 
  you dropped a period . 
  fucka you , baby !, 
  definitely not om\u0103t ( another word for snow ) . 
  | romanian/moldovan never ceases to be entertaining ... 
  [ fuckforfamine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqtlqszdxaa ), 
  this stuff is set up , i see a lot of art installations , of course you 'll never see it on postcards . 
  if people know how to use `` it 's '' and `` its '' , you do n't have to explain the meaning of `` peckish '' to them . 
  something seems to have eaten the east of the continent , it 's all gone . 
  killing blue people . 
  i do n't see slovakia on this map . 
  u mad ? 
  greater than slovenia ... the dream ... 
  lol , just messin ' . 
  giaouring intensifies !, 
  he was joking ... 
  actually ... he just perfected ancient dacian inventions , everyone knows he based his work on texts found at sarmisegetuza . 
  try eating them with peanut butter . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  this has happened all over the continent , and in many parts of the world . 
  it 's not just about replacing small shops and cafes with malls , but also about replacing time spent outside with time spent indoors ( mainly at home ) . 
  i 'd rather take a nap . 
  still doing worse than greece by 0.5 % . 
   lots of whine too . 
  b-but macedonia is greek !, 
  ( like that ? ), 
  worst year of someone 's life ... 
  who does n't check prices on the menu before ordering ? 
  outdoors efficiency !, 
  no clay jokes ? 
  i think smoking is doing that already ... 
  dwayne elizondo mountain dew herbert camacho 2 ?? 
  her name is daenerys , khaleesi is her title . 
  * upside, 
  * prize, 
  this is not spicy enough . 
  lies , lies i say !, 
  i do n't see brad here , pics must be fake , these are n't pikeys . 
  what if you live exactly on the red line ? 
  [ goat cheese ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wxzd2og.jpg ) made by my aunt . 
  the goats are friendly , but i do n't have a pic of them , only the kids . 
  75kg of cheese in the car , 75kg of cheese , take one down pass it around, 
  no doubt he is a synth !, 
  how many norwegians are in albania ? 
  i thought this is everyday life in sweden ... 
  he 's got the syllable stress ( emphasis ) mixed up for mitic\u0103 and rodica on the one hand , and letea on the other . 
  he should say mitic\u0103 and rodica the way he says letea , and letea the way he says mitic\u0103 and rodica . 
  it 's funny because he got both wrong , instead of choosing one syllable stress for all and going with that . 
  i can give you a blade in the gut , and call it poison from your enemies . 
  1204 never forget !, 
   patriarchate of rome ( denounced ) ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  they like it too , piss is the most popular type of beer in the us . 
  romania has its own gas reserves , is of independent , no beg russian putin . 
  romanian beans of strong !, 
  you do n't understand the information presented , probably because it was n't explained . 
  the fact that you earn more makes you less efficient , efficiency is how much the employer gains from his investment in employees . 
  the higher the salaries and the lower the productivity , the lower the efficiency . 
  they do n't kill you , they just facilitate the operation , just like in the olden days . 
  tfw you live in the only dry place in a wet country ... 
  do n't worry , it gets worse . 
  i like coffee beans instead of nuts on my ice cream .
