yet mainland britain has awesome roads . 
  i never understand why people are always moaning about the unreliability of german cars . 
  my family has had numerous bmws down through the years , and not one of them has ever had an issue . 
  i do n't like the idea of my toilet facilities being more intelligent than me . 
   ca n't find it , was some kind of an index of cost of maintenance per car maker . 
  but is that not because the parts for german cars are considerably more expensive than those for french cars ? 
  ah now , we ca n't be giving away coveted positions just because we feel sorry for a team . 
  i 'm * sure * that it 'll be different this time ... ... [ * shifty eyes * ], 
  but constant suspicion remains that he may be up to something . 
  somebody 's touchy . 
  if a person ca n't handle their country being gently mocked , they 're taking themselves too seriously . 
  ireland has neither power nor interests - does that make us the good guys ? 
  that 's rich coming from bulgaria ... . 
  pretty much the exact same reason given in the republic . 
  sorta irrelevant now . 
  i think in the past 10 years we 've lost about a week from the overall length of the primary school summer holidays though, 
  i said `` hypothetically '' . 
  make life really difficult for them * unless * they have children ? 
  you do n't necessarily have to * force * them to have the kids , just make sure they see it as an option that will make their life more bearable . 
  well , hypothetically , if global/national birthrates were to become critical , i imagine at least some governments would n't be opposed to `` forcing '' women to have babies . 
  that 's a distinct and positive difference in that case . 
  like i 've always said , christianity has more than a few problems , but at least it does n't have arbitrary rules against certain kinds of meat that are more hassle than they 're worth . 
  if you think you 've got it bad in the uk , you should the see the archaic state of the irish rail network . 
  it does the job , but we run some seriously old and slow trains on our main lines . 
  i imagine a united british team would be rather impressive . 
  it 's like the way in ireland , many people say that we will never have a decent football team unless we unite the teams of the north and south like we do for rugby . 
  modern warfare 3 - that 's what the americans are waiting for . 
  an all-out russian invasion . 
  for a price . 
  also , we get to keep cork . 
   ireland yeah , good luck with that . 
  call me bigoted if you wish , but i 'll start considering that racist when i come across roma in ireland who * are n't * thieves of some description . 
  i do n't want to have these opinions , but i ca n't help but be strongly influenced by the experiences i 've had . 
  enlighten me then . 
  maybe without getting into the standard / r/europe gypsy debate between those who actually have to deal with gypsies and those who think anybody who complains about gypsies are automatically racists . 
  i do n't see how any of these statements are racist if i 'm honest . 
  maybe the last one , but even then that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  but it already happened ... 
  it 's virtually dead most the time , but it 's definitely doing * something * . 
  not you again ... 
   utter silence on something the entire nation is talking about - such as the septic tank babies scandal what are you talking about ?!, 
  it 's been on nearly every news bulletin for the past fortnight . 
  with the downvotes i 'm getting , some people must be legitimately angry with what i said ... 
  that they did . 
  to be fair , i ca n't see how they could have got away with not doing it though . 
  another small plus is that unlike so many people at rte , all the presenters on rte news seems like fairly decent people . 
  virtually all irish newspapers have some sort of bias , but rte news is pretty decent as national broadcasters go . 
  maybe not as good as the bbc for calling itself out on its own bullshit from time to time , but i consider it a trustworthy news source when it comes to national affairs ( it tends to `` dumb down '' or not explain properly international news a bit ) . 
  she 's lovely , so she is . 
  [ * hides from fellow irishmen * ], 
  hopefully not . 
  i do n't think we 're in any position to complain about a region being a tax haven given how we 're vilified by many european nations for having a low corporate tax rate . 
  you and what army ? 
  sheesh , the weirdos you come across in / r/europe ... ... 
  the strict border policy is completely unwarranted though . 
  if it helps keep our economy afloat and is perfectly legal , i - and the majority of the irish population - do n't really give a shit . 
  i 'd rather be pissing off certain european countries than be utterly dependent on eu handouts . 
  seriously , we just exploited a loophole that was available to everybody . 
  and now that we did exploit it , everybody is bitterly complaining that we 're stealing their money . 
  if this is the worst thing my nation does as an eu member , ireland is a damn good member state . 
  maybe the north . 
  invading the republic would be something that she 'd even realise is n't a good idea in this day and age . 
  til . 
  betrayed the us government only . 
  just desserts for being shitty and hiding the shitty things they do . 
  a loophole that brings desperately needed business to ireland . 
  multinationals helped bring ireland prosperity in the 90 's , and they are also helping our recovery from recession . 
  so , unless you want ireland sucking more monetary aid from the eu , it 's better to leave our tax rate alone . 
  we 'd be nothing without it . 
  so they did n't hide them well enough . 
  besides , some of the shit that snowden revealed was stuff people really needed to know . 
  i know i feel better that it 's out in the open anyway . 
  it also opens the nsa up to more scrutiny , which is good . 
  you lost the war . 
  deal with it . 
  it might be true , but it does n't make it any less of shitty thing to do . 
  either hide your secrets better , or do n't keep secrets . 
  that 's my policy . 
  what do you mean ? 
   opening a minor office in ireland , calling it your headquarter , to benefit from lower taxes . 
  it should not be that easy . 
  why not ? 
  seriously , it 's not illegal and the only people who complain are countries that are annoyed that ireland gets money that they want to lay claim to . 
  i ca n't see any irish government budging on the low corporate tax rate . 
  there are no words to describe how fucked we 'd be without it . 
  besides , i do n't like the idea of the eu having control over such important tax rates . 
  dublin has a terrible terrible history of urban planning . 
  it is a very ugly city overall , with some beautiful architecture scattered around the place . 
   the tallest building in ireland is 17 stories and it 's in cork what about the eyesore that is liberty hall in dublin ? 
  just like the situation in the falklands . 
  jeez , how can governments be so petty at times . 
  the bastards !, 
  what 's wrong with # 1 ? 
  they have the right to regulate their own taxes , do they not ? 
  also , it would be naive to think that # 3 is a primary concern of the spanish government . 
  and as regards # 2 , they just want those ships to come to spanish ports instead . 
  in the eyes of the tories anyway . 
  would she be in the mental state she was in her prime , her mental state when she died , or the mental state of a zombie with unusual hair ? 
  important questions , lads !, 
  tsar putin ?
