  they must have obtained their dm from somewhere . 
  what did they give as return ? 
  i might be able to find something online , but i 'd like to hear an account by a person who had to deal with the situation by himself . 
   dangerous roads the drive to the monastery in your picture was one of the scariest i 've done in my life . 
  the only more dangerous road that comes to my mind is along the shores of lake shkoder , also in montenegro . 
  when driving there with my camper van all of a sudden the edge of the road crumbled and crashed down into the lake about 70 m below me . 
  i had to stop in the next village and get a coffe and a cigarette as i was trembling . 
   the euro is accepted because it 's their official currency . 
  can anyone explain to me how this works in everyday life ? 
  how did they get their euros ? 
  what did you have to do to convert dinars to euro back then ? 
  in addition to what others have said i 'd like to add a few things : * not only the roads are in dire need of improvement , also the direction signs are very misleading . 
  * getting around takes forever because of the terrain and the awful roads . 
  * relatively expensive . 
  considering the overall state of the country i did not expect prices to be about as high as in austria when shopping at a supermarket - which are a rare sight there anyway . 
  * ulcinj has the largest unspoilt sand beach i 've seen so far in the adriatic . 
  you can watch wild animals such as turtles while relaxing at the beach . 
  i hope it will remain like that until i return . 
  i would be disappointed to find everything ruined with huge hotel complexes . 
  * the austrian empire built a spectacular road from kotor to cetinje . 
  an absolute must and on par with the famous amalfitana in italy . 
  * sveti stefan is a privately owned island where mark knopfler wrote `` brothers in arms '' . 
  a beautiful place . 
  most of what i know has already been written ( once again ) and i wont repeat that . 
  * bilingual but only in writing . 
  rep. srpska uses the cyrillic alphabet whereas the rest of the country uses latin . 
  * sarajevo hosted the 1984 winter olympic games where austria failed miserably . 
  * serious political issues at the moment due to nationalism between the two entities . 
  * when i was in the area once i was too scared to visit mostar because the guidebook had a warning that you should stay on the road and not even take a piss behind some bushes as there could be mines virtually everywhere . 
  * for everyone interested in the recent history of the country ( and the rest of former yu ) i *** highly *** recommend watching the orf-bbc documentary `` the death of yugoslavia '' . 
  it 's on youtube in german and english . 
  i am surprised by the fact that this has any influence on traffic at all . 
  to me it was just an oddity , but never confusing or disturbing at all . 
  funny that there are debates about that . 
  i get it and i was n't confused at all . 
  still , i found it quite strange . 
  and you seem to use a font very similar if not identical to the us . 
  could work out in austria , but you will have a very low standard of living and live outside the bigger cities . 
  i would not recommend it . 
  hmmm ... most of what i know has already been posted , so ... * gebroeder ko - a truly awful act that seem to ghostwrite for german musicians in the same style . 
  * they seem do be travelling a lot , especially with caravans . 
  * government plans to abolish the welfare state in favor of ... what exactly ? 
  * the arrows on motorway signs point in the wrong direction ( down instead of up for straight ahead ) . 
  agreed . 
  i found the reference to the nhs during the opening ceremony so great . 
  in ya face , yankees !, 
  thank you for your comprehensive answer . 
  it made me look up the snp on wikipedia and unlike other parties with an n in their name they seem to be quite sensible ( bnp or the french fn ) . 
  may the scottish decide their future by the means of democracy and in a peaceful way . 
  i wish you all the best , but i remain neutral and a bit sceptic whether this is ultimately a good idea . 
  again , thank you for your insights . 
  one last question : why are some of you sticking a french ecosse sticker on your cars ? 
  does the french language play an important role in scottish independence intentions ? 
  i hope not . 
  i am not very fluent in french and while your accent is quite challenging to me it is way more comprehensible than french . 
   concerning laphroaig : cheers !, 
  i saw a documentary about it on swedish tv while stuck in a hotel in avesta a couple if years ago . 
  all channels were showing stuff in swedish so i watched it because they conducted some interviews with the czechs in german . 
  i just googled and found this : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_jas_39_gripen, 
  thank you for taking your time to explain . 
  some of the reasons are weird ( nukes ) , others are understandable and yet others are difficult to judge from so far away . 
  would an independent scotland remain part of the eu or would the scots prefer to try their luck on their own ? 
  judging from a holiday in 2000 there are many areas in dire need of infrastructure and would probably receive some funding from brussels . 
  and i do n't even want to think about the price increase of laphroig when it 's no longer made in the eu . 
  there is some corruption in sweden since they are in the arms business . 
  iirc saab got into trouble for bribing czech politicians into buying their fighter jets . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  austria wanted to buy those jets as well , but in a last minute decision our government opted for eads ' eurofighters . 
  leaves me wondering what led to that sudden change of mind . 
  it is complicated . 
  ok , we 've got elections coming up on sunday so i 'll quickly explain the situation and reasoning behind it . 
  not that i share these views , mind you . 
  we 've got five parties in parliament right now . 
  none of them has more than 30 % . 
  there are three between 20 and 30 % : social democrats ( sp\u00d6 ) , christian democrats ( \u00d6vp ) and the infamous right-wing freedom party ( fp\u00d6 ) . 
  then there are the greens and the alliance for the future of austria ( bz\u00d6 , an fp\u00d6 spin-off but less xenophobic and racist ) . 
  in theory , there is a right-wing majority but the last coalition government of \u00d6vp , fp\u00d6 and later on bz\u00d6 did n't turn out too great causing the sp\u00d6 form a coalition with the \u00d6vp since then . 
  the only alternative would be to form a coalition with the fp\u00d6 that got even more racist and disgusting since haider 's days . 
  so the sp\u00d6 say , no way we form a coalition with them despite the fact that the fp\u00d6 has a very pro working class rhetoric going on behind all the racism . 
  therefore , the \u00d6vp has two potential partners whereas the sp\u00d6 only has one . 
  the sp\u00d6 usually ends up with the relative majorority and there 's a tradition that this party starts coalition talks with the others . 
  but there is only the \u00d6vp to talk to which leads to a grand coalition almost automatically and people are fed up by this kind of government , as there are many foul compromises to be made between conservatives and social democrats . 
  so , naturally , some think that a first-past-the-post system could stop this deadlock and pave the way for an absolute majority of one of the larger two parties . 
  i mentioned the upcoming elections on sunday . 
  we have a record number of parties running this time , up to seven could end up with seats in parliament . 
  this is what the press sometimes refers to with \u201e italienische verh\u00e4ltnisse `` ( italian cirumstances ) implying chaos , endless arguments and frequent re-elections . 
  this is an argument against the current system as well . 
  sorry , this comment tuned out rather long and i 'm afraid i ca n't even think of a tl ; dr. 
  what 's wrong with the nhs ? 
  i hear mostly good things about it . 
  can we swap ? 
  some of our politicians phantasise about introducing first past the post . 
  i 'd send you the one in my town in exchange for a decent friterie or at least some mitraillettes with your gorgeous fries . 
  why ? 
  i am serious . 
  i have no idea how that makes sense for scotland . 
  thank you for the warning . 
  i have nothing against brits , but when i 'm in greece i 'd prefer the company of the locals there . 
  no , i gust generally avoid places where tourists become the majority . 
  my experience shows that such areas tend to become somewhat boring and uniform while i go abroad to be , well , abroad and not in some form of disneyland parody of the country .
