  is there a print edition of index.hu btw ? 
  just curious what it looks like since printed tabloids in german countries all look rather similar . 
  i know but i do n't want to write novels about it on here . 
  pl is the biggest net receiver of the whole eu . 
  therefore op will likely only benefit from the eu , even if pl would need to spend some millions ( eur ) on refugees . 
  not that i expect the visegard countries to cooperate unless we bribe them with money . 
  by tabloid i do n't want to talk about celebs and stuff . 
  the austrian and german papers i gave as an example are well known for clickbait headlines , bad journalism , lack of research and sensationalism/nationalism . 
  my hungarian friend accuses index.hu of these . 
  i do n't want to argue , i can not read it to make up my own mind . 
  you talked about paying money . 
  pl is by far the biggest net recipient of eu funds . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients ) ), 
  i know , i did n't want to type all of that . 
  i 'm lazy . 
   of course you are right , but i do n't think a safe zone in syria would work at all without using a massive military force to defend it . 
  no country would be ready or willing to do it . 
  and if you screw it up you get a 2nd srebrenica . 
  the last un safe zone i 've heard about was in srebrenica . 
  you know how that ended . 
  pl is refusing refugees anyway and in fact poland receives more money from the eu as it pays . 
  so i highly doubt that you are forced to pay for anything . 
  and post the links about the troubles in pl right now . 
  i think our media is hiding something from us . 
   wow , quite easy to turn around the meaning of an article , is n't it ? 
  according to a hungarian colleague at work index.hu is a tabloid style news portal , similar or worse than krone , oe24.at or bild . 
  his words , not mine . 
  i just asked because i see it quoted all over the place . 
  [ emergency one night camp in austria . 
  [ permanent resident camp in hungary . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brbmfyybcyw ), 
  so it was accidental ? 
  i do n't know how they handle the situation in such a case but a friend works at the immigration authority and told me , that in such cases ( lost or no passport ) they will get a so called [ refugee travel document ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugee_travel_document ) issued by the country they 're staying in . 
  it 's not at all the same as a \u201e real `` passport from that particular country . 
  as if you 'd need a fake syrian passport if you 're committed to commit terrorist acts anywhere in the world . 
  this is bullshit news . 
  what exactly are the lies here ? 
  it 's a clickbait sensationalist headline though . 
  does it matter ? 
  any photograph is just a small part of the big picture . 
  unless the picture is fake or not taken at the r\u00f6szke border crossing it 's completely legit to show the consequences of the actions of the hungarian authorities . 
  the interview was done in german . 
  yeah , they just moved them to some remote camp in a faraway town , [ definetly not to austria ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/szentgotth%c3%a1rd,+ungarn/@46.8484509,16.2532904,9.08z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x476ede24b06af29d:0x56db326657f4145d?hl=de ) . 
  not assisting them in trespassing an intra-schengen border at all . 
  lol !, 
  well they got through with that until yesterday . 
  they were collected and bused to austria by hungarian government . 
   or just let them pass like they pass macedonia and serbia , with government buses ? 
  a hungarian spokesman admitted on austrian tv that hungary bused refugees from serbia to austria in the former week . 
  do n't point fingers . 
  your government is heavily lobbying against quotas . 
  thank you for your elaborate answer . 
  i like your it example because i work in it in austria . 
  i make about double of the minimum income according to the kollektivvertrag ( austrian word for a tarifvertrag ) . 
  people in it are luckily in high demand for over a decade . 
  if i were paid according to the minimum wage in my industry my lifestyle would change significantly . 
  trehugging \u00d6vpists ? 
  no , thank you . 
  i am not a rich bobo running a startup company . 
   sayed autocorrected it for you . 
  thank you for this much needed clarification . 
  i know german can be tricky sometimes but this is indeed what was said by merkel . 
  many redditors tend to misinterpret this statement and the intention behind it . 
  english is not my native tongue but this article looks as if it was written by some novice in a basement lit by a candle and a dictionary from the last millennium . 
  i could hardly understand it . 
  and as you can see from my comments here i too am not very good at writing english . 
  that being said , i am all in favour of what the germans are campaigning and the report given by this article is correct . 
  complaining is part of our national traditions . 
  in order to integrate here , you better learn how it is done properly . 
  reality constructed by some media outlets in hungary maybe . 
  seehofer is all in favour of supporting hungary ashe repeatedly said today . 
  orban is meeting with his party buddies in cdu/csu next week i heard . 
  do n't be fooled , orban and merkel are working together here . 
  this is our way to scare aussies off like you do with your poisonous animals . 
  stop spreading rumours , i say . 
  me too . 
  many get registered by hungary and then get bused to the austrian border . 
  how is this a solution or is hungary changing this policy as well ? 
  stop spreading false rumours about austria . 
  our unemployment rates are quite high . 
  i am curious about those income requirements and undercutting the locals . 
  do n't the tarifvertr\u00e4ge take care of this or are you required to make more than the minimum wage of that particular industry ? 
  where ? 
  i have looked really hard on google but apart from some extremist sites and forums full of morons i could not find anything . 
  that is not the flu . 
  that is just a cold . 
  the flu locks you into your bed for a week . 
  this article ( german ) has a photo of the posters put up by austrian red cross for those who are curious : http://mobil.derstandard.at/2000021532204/fuenfsprachige-plakate-fuer-neu-ankommende-fluechtlinge, 
  as much as i would appreciate that , it is not the case . 
  most of them do n't even speak english . 
  interpreters are in high demand these days in austria . 
  low german skills are one of the main points of criticism used towards migrants ( not only refugees , also foreigners working here from eu countries ) . 
  speaking austrian german without noticeable accent is impossible to pull off even for germans without sounding like an idiot . 
  a friend of mine works with an authority that takes care of unaccompanied minors here in austria ( not only immigrants but orphans or kids that were taken away from violent parents ) . 
  he has to organise schools for those kids , since attendance is mandatory for everyone in austria . 
  not all refugees are syrian , many are from iraq , afghanistan and other countries . 
  they have several different languages in afghanistan alone and competent interpreters are very hard to find , especially when they need to translate legalese . 
  according to the authorities a huge problem is , that very few of the refugees speak english and almost zero know german . 
  why do they put up a sign with german text on the serbian border ? 
  would n't it make more sense to use serbian instead ?
