  i can not believe this chart . 
   annoys himself green and yellow funny , we have the same saying in german , but we are annoyed green and blue . 
  although many albanians live in my area , i do n't know much about the country . 
  * the used [ stone rose 's `` love spreads '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct-qa6sjrzo ) as theme music in a popular sports show ( this is about the oldest knowledge i have of albania ) * was a very secretive and hard to get into country a while ago * was once allied with the chinese * my car insurance is not valid there * lots of bunkers * enver hoxha ( sp ? ), 
  * very little tourism , although i guess the country is quite nice, 
  what is 70 , 80 and 90 in swiss french ? 
  counting in french must be so much easier . 
  that contains kirschwasser , a destillate made from cherries , and i do n't like the taste so i skip this step in the recipe . 
  the bottle bank rule applies in austria as well . 
  what 's more annoying is that you must not now the lawn on sundays which is great if you 're working mon-fri . 
  fun fact : interviews with some `` german '' speaking swiss politicians get subtitles in austria as they refuse to talk standard german to journalists from abroad . 
  not as expensive as norway . 
  although a neighbour country i knew very little until euro 2008 and my trip there a year later . 
  it 's a shame . 
  it 's basically like austria , only upgraded : * higher mountains * higher fines * higher prices * higher xenophobia * higher corruption * higher quality * more spectacular roads and railways * more languages as someone who is used to alpine scenery the swiss landscape is still fascinating and stunningly beautiful . 
  the cities are nice too since no one bombed them for quite a while . 
  everybody can speak great german but stop once they only talk to fellow swiss people . 
  suck as much as austria in football an still hosted euro together with us . 
  inventors of ricola candy . 
   and what i found most remarkable there : ( almost ? ), 
  no ugly billboards . 
  it looks nothing like vienna at all . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's really nice from what i can tell from the pictures but small-town like , unlike most of vienna, 
  this sounds pretty amazing . 
  i always thought austria was a calm and safe place but i feel like living in the bronx right now . 
  i 'm not sure i got that right . 
  so , suppose there is some violent crime going on , for instance a armed bankrobbery with a couple of kidnappings . 
  then the garda\u00ed will walk into the bank unarmed and try to haggle with the criminals unarmed ? 
  i find this a bit hard to believe but i 'm sure i 'm just missing something . 
  thank you for your patience with me . 
  i 'm sure you have another force to deal with serious criminals . 
  what are they called ? 
  til , i only saw them in ireland , in dingle and some other places i do n't remember . 
  which sounds quite cool i have to say . 
  that 's where i learned their name . 
  the firs day or so i thought garda was just a security company . 
  yes of course . 
  after we found out about the monopoly we went to naas next day to stock up . 
  most of what i know after spending two vacations there has already been said , so i 'll try to come up with new stuff . 
  * non-standard traffic signs , narrow roads , confusing waymarkers and driving on the left make driving there quite a challenge . 
  * you can not buy beer anywhere at oxegen festival unless it 's fucking heineken and costs $ 7 , -- / pint . 
  wtf ??? 
  * you can buy a fried crusted mars bar as a snack . 
  sounds quite filling . 
  * motorway toll is so easily avoided i wonder why they bother in the first place . 
  * this ones not new : nice country , nicer people and some stunningly beautiful landscapes . 
  edit : i ca n't believe nobody mentioned it because to me it was quite surprising - the police are called `` garda '' . 
  well , nothing a quick hand/face wash ca n't fix . 
  i 'm more worried about people throwing beer cups around because if that hit me and my camera i would be pissed . 
  proper pissed so to speak . 
  have i already said how much i love these threads ? 
  i love them !!!, 
  best thing on reddit imo . 
  i see myself as a citizen of my hometown first and as a european second . 
  your threads are really awesome because of all the people posting interesting stuff about their cultures that help me to learn about my home continent which i love and travel to if time permits . 
  again , a big thank you for your brilliant idea . 
  do they dub in greece ? 
  i always thought only us german speakers do this . 
  please post a towel joke . 
  cb is still around ? 
  til, 
  well , war in my opinion is never cool . 
  sorry , i just had to post this . 
  very interesting , obrigado !, 
  i totally get it . 
  thanks . 
  portugal must be one of the few countries where it is ok not to tip . 
  i really like that attitude . 
  to pay your workers in a fair way , and not rely on your customers to top up your poor salary . 
  as someone who loves portugal , the uk and tea , i 'd like to know more about that . 
  i once learned that you are allies with the uk because of port . 
  but what about the tea ? 
  i do concert photography as a hobby . 
  i remember them specially because they made their hair wet before the gig . 
  cool photos when they do a helicopter or head banging but slightly disgusting when the water/sweat dripped on me as i was standing right on front of the stage . 
  i 've always tipped waiters in restaurants . 
  have i been rude or is tipping expected . 
  tipping correctly is a difficult topic for me when travelling . 
  i 've never heard the swedes complaining . 
  they do n't have many reasons to do so . 
  bock is a male goat . 
  we have bock bier which is a strong lager so i guess that was the inspiration for the name . 
  however , einen bock schie\u00dfen ( to shoot a bock ) also means to screw up in german . 
  and a super bock would mean to fuck up really hard ; like getting too drunk and do something you will regret later . 
  so it 's a name of an animal with several meanings in german . 
  it was the first time ever that somebody offered me drugs in my life ( outside of amsterdam * g * ) so i was surprised . 
  i usually do n't take `` illegal '' drugs and would never buy them abroad so i just ignored the guy but was impressed how brave he was . 
  portugal is great , i do n't need any drugs there - apart from alcohol . 
  what is your native language ? 
  how do you memorise the genders ? 
  i tried to explain them to some foreigners trying to learn basic german but i just can not do it . 
  it is also difficult for me to remember gender in roman languages because they lack the neutral gender . 
  so how do you do it ? 
  out of interest : did you purchase his material and actually learned a language following his advice ? 
  if so , can you tell me about your experience ? 
  weird ? 
  considering their political situation i can imagine they 're more than just historically curious on how you did the reunification with east germany . 
  i suggest to everyone in this thread to strongly follow this advice . 
  the smell alone when they 're on the grill is mouthwatering . 
  unless you absolutely ** hate ** fish give it a try .
