  i doubt many austrians and germans will try to cross that borderfence . 
  styria , i do n't want to get more specific . 
  could you please give us the phrases in french as well please ? 
  thanks !, 
  rings true , since many of you already live in the schengen area . 
  romanians are the biggest group of migrants in my area in austria . 
  it is the law . 
  i guess we can agree on that . 
  we have got laws . 
  if we can not enforce them then it 's the end of europe as we know it . 
  not the refugees are causing this severe crisis , the hypocrisy of the governments ( austria , hungary , germany , ... ) is the bigger crisis here imo . 
  fine so we can agree that this is a very difficult situation since police can only act if they catch them at the border . 
  just to be clear , i am absolute against these kinds of transports . 
  apart from being illegal at the border it imposes high risks . 
  we really should not let thousands of immigrants roam freely . 
  nobody in their right mind can support this . 
  we can argue about the treatment in various countries , how they deal with it , but this anarchy has to stop . 
  right now there are reports of refugees in austria that spent the last night in serbia . 
  so they crossed hungary in less than a day . 
  this is not possible without help . 
  over 8000 arrived today and the day is n't even over yet . 
  how should any smaller country deal with this situation ? 
  let 's hope the germans keep the border open . 
  if they close it , we are fucked . 
  then hungary is fucked too . 
  last i checked we did n't have a schnegen border anymore . 
  btw , it 's not a single train . 
  hungary is overcrowding their trains multiple times a day . 
  austrian safety regulations do not allow overcrowded trains , therefore for each hungarian train \u00d6bb need to send at least two to transport people according to the railway code . 
  hungary is offered help and receivers money . 
  i am not the government nor do i agree with their viewpoint . 
  i am just asking hungary to take treaties and laws seriously . 
  hungarian forces do not need my advice . 
  they know all too well how to deal with riots . 
  this knowledge is unfortunately only applied against eurpoeans/hungarians . 
  i can only imagine the outcry if austria shut its borders for real . 
  not only would you have to deal with thousands coming every day , you also have to deal with even more hungarians not able to get to their job in austria . 
  do you want this to happen ? 
  it will as soon as the far right fp\u00d6 takes the lead in the next election . 
  brace yourselves . 
  which , technically , is not illegal at all . 
  i 'm not saying it 's ok , but it is not possible to arrest people who have not done anything against the law . 
  i just researched a bit on this issue . 
  while it is illegal in hungary to even prepare such a transport it is n't in austria . 
  the transport itself is . 
  the foreign ministry of austria has warned people via the press of the consequences of up to 5 years in prison . 
  the problem is that you must catch them at the border , because elsewhere the traffickers could claim they 're just helping hitch hikers . 
  hitchhiking is not illegal in austria . 
  sources on demand , since they 're in german only . 
  ok , so til you can get away with everything in hungary unless you are european , then you 're fucked . 
  hardly the fault of austria . 
  i am not aware that this particular paper is owned by an austria company , or is it ? 
  if hungary sent the refugees to serbia like dublin regulates austria would not have this problem . 
  nobody called hungary nazis . 
  stop spreading this bullshit . 
  nobody called hungary nazis . 
  stop spreading this bullshit . 
  ok , i get it . 
  hungary rather tolerates criminals than critics . 
  so i can go to hungary , break the law and call the cop a nazi and i am free to go , right ? 
  on the serious side , countries that arrest traffickers are appraised , not criticised . 
  yes , that 's true , but it seems they are exaggerating . 
  of course you get bad press if you let refugees sleep on the street in the middle of your capital and the police acting like they 're not responsible . 
  but this self-stigmatisation is just whining in my ears . 
  i guess their press is playing it in a way that hungary is the victim of the west - all while orban and merkel are in the same party on eu level . 
  it seems like a bad comedy sometimes . 
  edit : typo fixed . 
  they never were away . 
  they just split up into several parties and are now joining together again . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  you will be the first to feel the effects . 
  get ready for some traffic jams and a lot more refugees that are returned to you as austria closes down schengen borders and builds their own fence . 
  both are major demands by the fp\u00d6 . 
  fp\u00d6 is strongly against south-eastern europeans . 
  keep in mind , fp\u00d6 is more like jobbik , fidesz is \u00d6vp in austria . 
  nobody called you nazis except [ this guy ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2015/09/08/438473559/in-todays-migrant-crisis-echoes-of-hungarys-troubled-past ) , a hungarian . 
  stop spreading this bullshit around . 
  if the police should start arresting people for posting stupid shit on facebook they might need some help by syrian volunteers , lol . 
  saying you might commit a crime is not a crime by itself , unless you threaten murder or something . 
  this is not political correctness , this is international law . 
  we 're not in north korea here . 
  sure , that 's why i wrote `` travelling alone '' . 
  they leave austria in an empty car , without any immigrants . 
  how should our police stop them ? 
  only yours can . 
  again , closing the motorway border is not an option . 
  it has been made clear that this is a serious offence by austrian authorities ( trafficking ) both in hungary and austria . 
  stop them and arrest them , before they cross the border and get the job done . 
  go ahead , tell your policemen to do so . 
  travelling to hungary alone is not a crime in austria . 
  oh , i would applaud if hungary made some serious attempts to protect their borders . 
  this is ridiculous !!!, 
  literally thousands cross your borders completely uncontrolled every day . 
  you used to be so good in building border fences back in the day . 
  what happened ? 
   in some ways but the culture lacks a lot compared to places like italy and spain i 've been on vacation in the uk seven times at least and have n't been to all places i 'd like to go . 
  british culture is on par with other european nations in terms of cultural heritage . 
  and british popular culture is among the most popular in the world . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  judging from what i see on tv hungarian police either have no riot gear ( i doubt that ) or are not very keen in containing the migrants .
