  get your facts straight . 
  the border to hungary is open . 
  i passed over it in both directions last week . 
  lorries , vans etc. 
  are being checked for human trafficking since a truck carrying over 70 dead refugees from hungary was found close to the border . 
  this is unrelated to the schengen treaty . 
   all of the eu is being misinformed by the media . 
  unlike hungary , where freedom of the press is not endangered at all . 
   they are coming through greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , austria , germany route . 
  they enter schengen via hungary first . 
  greece has no border with hungary . 
  schengen applies to greece only for air transport . 
   entering hungary they try to stay low to avoid registration like those thousands camping in budapest ? 
  yeah , they were really underground , in a underground passage . 
  no one could spot them . 
   forcing them into the camps is forbidden to the police maybe you should change your laws then ? 
   when they are walking on the freeway or roads , the police are forced to try to get some buses to them to avoid the danger they are in on the freeway . 
  which is a good thing given the danger for everyone involved . 
  but it should * never * happen in the first place . 
   this can not be done without violence . 
  in that case , hungary should consider leaving schengen if violence is the only answer they have . 
  you can not pick the raisins out of an eu membership and once a crisis emerges put your head into the sand , decline outside help , join forces with other countries to make things even worse ( orban meeting with sk , cz , pl ) and then point the fingers at others . 
  if the eu sucks so bad , leave . 
  there are always the same answers from hungary . 
  they 're getting old by now . 
  hungary failed to prepare for a situation they knew it was coming for weeks or months , failed to do their job properly ( both as schenengen and un member ) and is now acting like a three year old . 
  the austrian border was and is not closed since hungary joined the schengen area . 
  do n't tell or believe lies here . 
  hungary should not look further than italy or malta . 
  there are no complains there , they have a comparable amount of refugees . 
  orban just wants the best and biggest part of the eu cake ( free borders , yay !, 
  subsidies , hooray ! ), 
  and he was even offered help , but no , he put his head into the sand and let the situation escalate on purpose . 
  because newspapers photos are just a small snapshot of reality . 
  you are being accused of not being able to control your borders and the measures orban has chosen are both ineffective and immoral . 
  the hu defence minister has just resigned because of this . 
  just correcting your b. austria requires visas from turkish citizens , germany does n't . 
  ianal , but it seems totally possible to drop visa requirements for syrians . 
  or , do n't stop !, 
  just lower the oil price . 
  win-win . 
  he is referring to this remarkable incident : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%bcnter_schabowski, 
  austrian extremists threaten or demand border checks in hungary , even before the current crisis . 
  i never heard about cz . 
  we only criticise you because of temelin . 
  unlike south-easterners cz seems to be out buddy . 
  this is a fence across the border to egypt . 
  i doubt that syrian refugees take such a detour , let alone afghans . 
  when they came from greece they had to leave schengen again . 
  so it 's still hungary 's job to secure their border and register immigrants , unless you can prove they were in greece before . 
  going from italy to hungary to travel to germany sounds highly unlikely to me . 
  they could easily cross through austria over the brenner route . 
  so far , nothing is going on there . 
  to get to hu they also need to pass through slovenia ( and croatia and serbia as well , since most immigrants enter hungary via serbia ) . 
  no reports confirm this theory and it would be really dumb for the immigrants to do so . 
   they have closed it once before , then opened it , then now they close it again . 
  not at all . 
  i passed the border in both directions during that time . 
  no checks at all , not even lorries . 
  obviously * one * checkpoint in hegyeshalom/nickelsdorf was heavily controlled causing major traffic jams but all other borders were open . 
  business as usual . 
  first of all i completely agree that there is a lot of hypocracy going on these days and i understand that hungarians feel treated unfairly . 
  however , some points you raise need some correction . 
   what happened afterwards was that austria did not only receive these people but they kept the border open for days . 
  austria kept its border to hungary open for years . 
  because schengen , you know ? 
  the border was `` closed '' to check lorries , trucks etc. 
  for trafficking to avoid another desaster like the one we just had . 
  \u00d6bb ( austrian federal railways ) had to stop trains at the border because hungarian railways handed them over completey crowded . 
  i have passed freely by car from austria to hungary and back last week . 
  there were no closed borders at all . 
   and by the way , austria takes no refugees , they let 99.9 % of them simply pass . 
  this is definetly not true and sources are widely available to proof you wrong . 
   austria even said it : they did n't want to make them register in austria to avoid them getting defensive and panicking that they wo n't get to merkelland . 
  registration is the job of the country where the refugees first enter schengen territory . 
  austria has no non-schengen border anymore and no resources to do the job that hungary should have done in the first place . 
  i understand that hungary is overwhelmed at the moment , but austria is too , due to the fact that relevant authorities do not even exist anymore . 
   many people prefer the * british * countryside ftfy, 
  may i ask where the majority is from . 
  belgium does n't seem overly attractive to migrants so i suspect your colonial heritage as part of the reason . 
  or are there any laws that i am not aware of that cause many migrants to chose belgium over other countries ? 
  unfortunately i do not have enough up votes . 
  cool site , did n't know that one . 
  thanks . 
  also , [ this ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/compare_cities.jsp?country1=latvia&amp;country2=austria&amp;city1=riga&amp;city2=vienna ) . 
  i know about romanian prices , not so much about spanish ones . 
  you can get a lot of goods and services for much less than in austria , especially those you need on a daily basis ( food , housing , energy , etc. ) . 
  the cost of living is way lower than here . 
  this is why so many romanians work in austria while their family still lives back home . 
  i know a couple of guys who work here mon-fri and go home over the weekend . 
  it 's `` just '' a seven hour drive after all . 
  if this graph includes only base salary then i believe the graph should include all bonuses for either a year or a multi-year average thereof . 
  $ 17.000 ( divided by 14 as the good old austria custom ) means 1214,29 per month before taxes . 
  you are working part-time or paid below minimum wage , because that results in about $ 6 , -- before taxes per hour . 
  i work in hr but do not know all kollektivvertr\u00e4ge ( union tariffs ) , so please let me know what industry you 're in where such low wages are legal . 
  i do n't know where you are from ( that nickname & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232  but in austria politicians do not get a retirement pension . 
  i 'm completely fine with that . 
  as long as that keeps politicians from being corrupt . 
  did n't seem to help much in the past unfortunately . 
  but i can not imagine to make a decent living off $ 25000 a year , even in latvia ( assuming these figures are before taxes ) .
