  why make a big fuzz if they do n't want to stay in hungary anyway , merkel will take them all . 
  i guess these are orban 's thoughts , and i could n't blame him if he had not signed treaties which he is now ignoring . 
   `` why do n't they sink their boats ? '', 
  wtf ? 
  killing hundres if not thousands of unarmed people ? 
  there would be mass desertations among european armies if soldiers were given that order . 
  they 're doing it as we speak . 
  it 's a `` manover '' officially but starting next week hungary will have new laws that allow them to put trespassers into prisons . 
  i hope their prisons have better fences than their border , though . 
  and that they have ** a lot of them ** . 
  however , an id ( personalausweis in german ) would be sufficient for travel within the eu for eu citizens ( and some other countries like switzerland or iceland as well ) . 
  if anyone , the racist sticker was put on hungary by hungary itself . 
  no one called hungarians barbarians , nazis , etc. 
  at least not in the media . 
  the only thing i could find was an interview * with * an hungarian that referenced nazi and hungary in one article ( source : google news research ) and a nyt article comparing the current crisis with the holocaust ( complete bullshit imo ) . 
   this is a very danish way of doing things  and a very good way of doing things . 
  using ( non-violent ) force would only increase the tensions , the damages and the situation could get out of control . 
  the calmer , the better . 
  and still following the law all the way . 
  i like what i see in dk . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  hungary : do n't cross our border . 
  refugee : yolo , i 'm doing it anyways . 
  this whole attitude is now spreading further and further in to europe . 
  wtf is going on at the moment . 
  i do n't want to repeat your last sentence . 
  these are two seperate things to consider . 
  haha , funny how you only seem to read headlines of articles and miss the point entirely . 
  denmark is doing exactly what i miss from hungary . 
  the took the refugees out of the train , registered them and send them back to germany . 
  oh , i so wish austria closed its border and sent everyone back to hungary according to the law . 
  orban would shit his pants . 
  last i looked austria did n't have a schengen border . 
  and last i heard of him , orban complained when we started border checks because his hungarian economic migrants working in austria were caught in traffic jams . 
  little whining orban boy got some beef from his own people . 
  ok , that seems entirely reasonable to me . 
  otoh , i would never want to stay in a country for more than a vacation without at least some local language skills . 
  this might not apply to everyone . 
   which part of `` they do n't want to register in hungary '' do you not understand ? 
  you do n't want them to register . 
  what would happen i you or i go speeding in hungary , get caught by the police and we say we do n't want to pay the fine ? 
  could we get away with it ? 
  does the law not apply to migrants any more ? 
  i think so , because it 's now easy to let them just wander freely off to western europe . 
  they 're someone elses problem . 
  keep in mind , 10.000 and more refugees entered austria illegally via hungary before merkel said something about dublin . 
  we have record migration numbers for at least a year now . 
  hungary is not doing enough to protect its schengen border . 
  but they 're blaming austria for not registering the refugees , which is not our job at all . 
  who are my buddies ??? 
  the syrians which i would like to see properly kept out of schengen ? 
  keep on trolling elsewhere . 
  or join you trololo police and give them a hand . 
  they apparently are not capable of keeping your country safe . 
  the danes catched most of the refugees and sent them back . 
  hungary should do the same but fail miserably so . 
  no , only part of the population is . 
  many people argue , it was a long time ago , it was germany in the first place . 
  the fp\u00d6 is historically a party where former nazis could openly join in the 50s , however , many former nazis also joined the \u00d6vp and of course the sp\u00d6 . 
  nowadays the fp\u00d6 is campaigning against the verbotsgesetz which outlaws nazi symbols outside of science and education . 
  the so-called left-wing parties ( sp\u00d6 , greens - imo they 're both center-right at least economically ) usually point fingers at the fp\u00d6 , which only leads to more votes since the fp\u00d6 is the victim and being censored from telling the truth . 
  wait , we 've got some from yu in the 90s too !, 
  danish is difficult to learn even for german speakers i have heard and fluency in the language is a legal requirement to stay there . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
   are you specifically a xenophobe because these people are muslims or because you hate immigrants no matter where they come from ? 
  in austria the by far biggest migrants are german . 
  nobody has a problem with them . 
  people have a slight problem with immigrants from the former eastern block and a major problem with muslims . 
  the leader of the far right party fp\u00d6 , heinz-christian strache , is even embracing serbs in his campaigns because the were christian buddies fighting against islam centuries ago . 
  this is paradox because in more recent history austria was not on friendly terms with serbia at all ( wwi ) . 
  it bothers me because i see all kinds of organised religion as a thread to a modern society , not just a single specific one . 
  we still got the hungarian refugees from the 50s . 
  that 's what i call a detour . 
  hungary has no border with greece . 
  otherwise you could easily send them back according to the dublin agreement . 
  is n't that what 's happening in the eastern european countries for decades ? 
  there are many skilled workers in austria that immigrated from these countries . 
  where i live , romanians are the biggest immigrant group . 
  this is the only solution i can think of that might even be a win-win situation for the eu and the refugees . 
  good job by the french police . 
  very calm and professional . 
  they even gave their policemen riot gear whereas the hungarians send their guys off armed with a face mask and a funny hat . 
  from the video title :  french riot police clear migrants off motorway in calais what would the uk do if they just shoved them into eurostars and sent the trains off to london ? 
  that 's what hungary is doing at the moment . 
  that 's what the hungarians are doing at the moment . 
  austrian federal railroads have to clear the overcrowded trains first to meet basic safety requirements . 
  in hungarian language that equals to \u201e closing the border `` . 
  their foreign minister complained that austria did not register the refugees . 
  that 's great . 
  accusing somebody else of not doing what was your job in the first place . 
   they do riot as such they just refuse to cooperate maybe call putin for assistance ? 
  shitty western europe is obviously not the right partner in this crisis . 
  the russians helped hungary with crowd control in 1956 , maybe they do them the same favour again ? 
   the french do it every week . 
  the french have illegal immigrants walking on their motorways ? 
  bring on the proof . 
  our media is obviously hiding important facts from the people . 
  hungarian media to the rescue !, 
  from the article :  we have found the majority of them and they are in the process of getting registered so that there will be an overview this is the difference between eastern and * northern * europe . 
  you do n't even make an effort .
