  there are already people who are doing this professionally without success . 
  there are some jokes around about the netherlands being empty in summertime . 
  i do n't remember any of them but they 're all based on the impression that you seem to have a love for the south and for caravans . 
  based on my experience when i 've already been to the highlands i guess that location is a bit too remote for my taste . 
  but you 've got lovely sandy beaches there and some lovely whiskey too . 
  what a great combination . 
  and then they ignore it and leave it all to the competition from the colonies . 
  what about a whiskey ad with girls in bikinis ? 
  bewildering to you maybe , but not the population of most other eu countries . 
  as a matter of fact , restaurants and pubs are already obliged to make the main room of the establishment smoke free in order to protect the barkeeping staff from second hand smoke . 
  however , this is being ignored since there are virtually no consequences . 
  a typical austrian solution . 
  the problem is `` solved '' on paper but in reality , nothing changes . 
  i have nothing against smoker 's areas in pubs at all . 
  because i know exactly 0 bars where they really exist . 
  maybe there are a few in big cities like vienna . 
  but i have yet to see any bar in my area that implements such a solution . 
  a landlord told me it would cost him such a big amount that he 'll easily pay any fine 10 times and still save money . 
  i 'm actually planning this . 
  considering the vast amount of dutch tourists in the south i 'm a little bit afraid the country migth be temporarily shut down . 
  i need to do some research on this . 
  i adore the english seaside experience . 
  i 'm not too fond of swimming or tanning so being able to take a walk along the seaside and not being surrounded by masses of foreign tourists is a welcome change . 
  you ca n't do that in northern italy or croatia without being in a mass of dutch , german and austrian tourists . 
  this , and proper anti-smoking laws like in the rest of the western world . 
  come on , it 's not that all the pubs in ireland and the uk had to close after smoking was banned there . 
  we can do it !, 
  the spelling is simple , try pronouncing it correctly !, 
  well , 95 % i know has been posted already so i 'll concentrate on the rest . 
  it is the most beautiful , strange and exciting country i 've ever been to . 
  and i do get around a little bit . 
   it has about as much inhabitants as my home town . 
  i feel that the un should pass a law where every citizen of our planet is obliged to visit it once , but if that happened all the magic would be lost , so it 's in vain . 
  watch heima by sigur ros , a documentary of a tour through iceland . 
  it brings tears to my eyes every time i watch it . 
  the music and the landscape go so well together . 
  have i mentioned that this is the most beautiful country on earth ? 
  that , of course , is pathetic . 
  i feared that because -- at least in austria -- giving the names of living persons to locations is very much frowned upon after the arnold schwarzenegger stadium in graz [ had to be renamed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/upc-arena ) . 
   within the last months , numerous corruption affairs involving the fp\u00d6 became public . 
  but this was before strache ran the party , do n't you understand ? 
  he has got nothing to do with it . 
  after all , he was just the leader of the parliament club back in the day . 
  he barely knows the people who have to appear in court today . 
  it all happened * ages * ago . 
  he is not to blame at all . 
  it all happened in a completely different party . 
  the fp\u00d6 was not involved !, 
  as much as i disagree with alexis tsirpas politically , this short clip is not embarrassing at all . 
  he has a noticeable greek accent , but i find it rather surprising for a greek politician to be able to speak german at all . 
  putin 's accent [ is much worse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2frvopgwxf0 ) . 
  i can barely understand some of the words he used in his speech . 
  you know quite a lot about the mariahilfer stra\u00dfe issue , down to the local slang name for it , for someone who lives half a world away from it . 
  in my opinion the whole topic is currently exaggerated due to the upcoming elections . 
  the conservative \u00d6vp posted billboards across the country warning the people about the red-green chaos ( social democrats are red and the greens are , well , green ) , although it 's impossible for such a coalition to form based on current opinion polls . 
  \u00d6vp is also warning people of an allegedly tax-the-rich scheme proposed by social democrats taxing people with more then $ 150.000 , -- worth of property . 
  i do not know anyone who owns this much of property and those who do are probably house owners deep in debt so it 's not exactly * their * property . 
  i can not even imagine piling up this much of cash in my lifetime and i work in the software industry where i 'm being paid rather well . 
  i mention this because that is a fine example how elections work in my country . 
  imposing vague fears of change just wins a lot of votes . 
  for all non-xenophobic people in this country this works with new taxes , no matter how sensible they are in the first place . 
  every party is guilty of this . 
  social democrats always use the pensions since most of their voters are rather old . 
  the greens use climate change and other environmental issues . 
  the right-wing fp\u00d6 used foreigners in the 90s , now it 's just plain racism against muslims . 
  if you know some german ( or google translate does a good job for a change ) you can [ read about a badly drawn cartoon ] ( http://derstandard.at/1379291627919/fpoe-zwangstaufe-als-gelungene-integration ) sent to young people ( even those who are too young to vote ) where an ancient legend about a turk in the 17th cent . 
  who came to austria was baptised and started to drink red wine and was therefore accepted as a role model how integration should work nowadays . 
  it 's disgusting , but it 's even more disgusting that despite such questionable campaigns this party still wins around 20 % of the vote . 
  i have spent a good part of my life trying to understand why this is the case . 
  my conclusions are rather sad since they made me believe that one out of five people around me are so-called keller-nazis whose long-term memory was removed from their brain at birth or something like that . 
  it 's depressing , dreadful and makes me ashamed to be austrian . 
  edit : the orf has posted an [ interactive map ] ( http://orf.at/wahl13/daten/#analyse-ab-1994 ) that shows majority votes by district for the last nineteen years . 
  it is pretty self-explanatory . 
  red = social democrats sp\u00d6 , black = christian-convervative people 's party \u00d6vp , blue = right-wing freedom party fp\u00d6 , orange = alliance for the future of austria , a fp\u00d6 spin-off launched by j\u00f6rg haider some years before his drunk-driving fatal car accident , green = obvious . 
  a darker hue indicates a vote  50 % . 
  basically , those formerly sp\u00d6 dominated areas are the industrial centres of the country ( upper styria , linz , parts of vienna where lots of workers live ) , those who are black are rural areas and those who are blue/orange are the parts we have lots of jokes about the population . 
  please excuse my english , it 's late and i had a long night yesterday . 
  ... when in fact there are many austrians and germans [ still in romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans_of_romania ) . 
  * i can read some romanian after learning french and italian . 
  * many romanians live in my area * many of them are baptists * i watched ceau\u0219escu 's trial live on tv back then . 
  * many german speakers still there speak a weird german . 
  * you need to buy a toll sticker for almost all roads , not just motorways . 
  * the scenes of borat that are set in kasachstan were filmed there . 
  * part of moldova would like to join them . 
  * most brothels are filled with prostitues from romania in my area . 
  not that i visit them , but a former prostitute from romania was my neighbour once and told me about it . 
  not 100 % sure if it 's true . 
  * a friend of mine visited an orphanage there shortly after the fall of ceau\u0219escu . 
  some other team member made pictures that caused an outrage in austria back then . 
  he told me horrible stories . 
  i hope these orphanages are a thing of the past . 
  * the money , just like in australia , is made out of plastic . 
  * bribery and corruption is very common in the police . 
  however , this is just a stereotype and i can not confirm that it 's true . 
  how come ? 
  definetly helps a lot and seems to be expected . 
  do n't take a selfie with your phone though . 
  put on a suit and go to a professional photographer . 
  i think this applies only for more prestigous jobs but i 'm not an expert in this field . 
  i 'm in my current job for quite a while now .
