  ( see my posting history ) . 
  hungary , like austria too , is just a placebo . 
  if orban stopped acting like the savior that he clearly is n't , i 'd be much more tempted to take him serious . 
  so what ? 
  hungary does exactly the same by making them register at hegyeshalom and szengotthard . 
  please see my link . 
  it mentions a spokesperson of the hungarian government that said the fence is finished . 
  the person also mentions that the river drava is enough protection for the most part of the border , which i highly doubt as most refugees have crossed far more dangerous waters in rubber rafts before getting to europe . 
  i just get from the media that thousands are still entering austria via hungary and only a few hundred via slovenia . 
  appearantly hu is easier to cross than slovenia , which makes me wonder why . 
  slovenia does n't even have a fence . 
  various media outlets [ report ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/hungary-finishes-barbed-wire-fence-croatia-refugee-row-grows-116742092 ) that the fence is finished . 
  nevertheless , the new laws and the fence do n't seem to have the effect orban has hoped for , do they ? 
  btw , those registration offices are conveniently placed very close to the austrian border . 
  how can so many still arrive in hu when the fence to serbia and croatia is up ? 
  thousands are arriving in austria today again . 
  how did they enter hungary legally ? 
  in the mindset of austria , former * eastern block * equals east . 
  but still , i doubt the borders to cz and slovenia will be closed first . 
  hungary and slovakia first i guess . 
  i do n't know exactly but my feeling would be that from all our eastern neighbours cz are probably the people 's favorites , as are the slovenes . 
  the stereotypical criminals come from slovakia and hungary , if only they just travel through these countries ( i.e. 
  romanians ) . 
  again , it 's not my opinion , it 's what many people are led to believe by some politicians and media . 
  what about jerusalem ? 
  is that the official english anthem ? 
  i think this would be met by a big round of applause here in austria . 
  our right wing politicians blame eastern europe for the `` rampant '' crime and demand that our eastern borders are closed . 
  so i can see a win-win situation here . 
  so technically they entered via slovakia ? 
  from which country did they come from . 
  i guess not austria , but i 'd like to know . 
  not too much , but unlike other austrians i think we handle the situation ok given the scale of all of this . 
  however this crisis can not be handled by any single country alone . 
  i have problem with the unlawful behavior that is widely tolerated these days , not with refugees ( not economic migrants ) . 
  edit : i forgot to mention that there are upcoming local elections in vienna and upper austria which the government parties will very likely lose . 
  this might collapse the current federal government . 
  is there a significant number of refugees in cz ? 
  i did n't hear about that in the news . 
  they all seem to go to germany . 
  how much is a pack of marlboro in iceland ? 
  i do n't smoke i am just curious . 
  you are right but the government can collapse anytime in this crisis . 
  not very likely , but nonetheless possible . 
  the president does not execute much of his power . 
  he can dismiss laws or even the government and he is also the commander of the army . 
  corrections/additions by others welcome , i am not an expert on the constitution . 
  all i know i know from day to day political reality . 
  no , i do n't think austria registers anyone as that is the job of a schengen border country . 
  austria does not have a schengen border and * assume * hungary did their job . 
  correct me if i am wrong . 
  remember : pointing a finger at someone means 3 fingers are pointing back at you . 
  police and the army are at the border already , not many crossings yet ~ 350 . 
  i doubt that by now any country or fence can stop them from coming . 
  unless deadly force is used and that is something i do n't want to see happening in europe . 
  then austria and germany are breaking this law since refugees are at camps here in austria . 
  see traiskirchen which is overflowing for months now since so many arrivals from hungary knock on our doors . 
  i just had a business idea . 
  get a truckload of wire cutters and rubber rafts . 
  brb , ordering my supplies in a minute . 
  that 's our luck at the moment . 
  if they apply for asylum they will be our problem . 
  i should have said a new record since the fence was completed . 
  thanks . 
  let 's just hope they do n't attempt crossing the drava . 
  crossing border rivers was sometimes tried during the cold war , so that 's entirely possible . 
  refugees have some boating skills from the sea too . 
  austria does not have a schengen border to protect . 
  since refugees are not teleported here they have entered another schengen country before arriving . 
  hungary ca n't keep them out either . 
  10.000 refugees entered austria via hungary today , setting up a new record . 
  meanwhile in slovenia police kept around 400 refugees from crossing into austria and detained them . 
  might be only a couple of days before their police collapses too . 
  we 're fucked . 
  serious question : media reports that the fence is almost complete . 
  you have a far longer border to croatia than serbia , and the fence to serbia took months to build . 
  or is it just along a section of the border . 
  when will the fence construction to romania , ukraine and slovenia start , as i suspect these countries will be the next ones refugees cross into hungary ? 
  all your questions should be directed at the hungarian government . 
  it is not exactly news that refugees enter europe via hungary . 
  this has been going on for months . 
  hungary is the first schengen country of entry , as long as hungary can prove they entered greece first . 
  then hungary can send them back there . 
  hungary does not do that and sends them to austria . 
  thanks , orban ( a ) . 
  got any source for this ? 
  it is suspended for syrian refugees in germany , so hungary does not need to take them back , that 's all . 
  10.000 refugees are coming from hungary to austria today , escorted by the hungarian police . 
  how is their border protection working at all ? 
  hungarian police are busy escorting the refugees to austria . 
  see pictures in this newsticker . 
  scroll down to the headline `` hegyeshalom '' . 
  i guess he would be excited to see so many good looking young men entering the country . 
  they learned well from the hungarians . 
  they just bus the refugees on to austria anyway . 
  just wait until austria elects the fp\u00d6 ( highly likely ) and we build our own fence . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  there is a little language barrier here . 
  with tabloid , i meant \u201e boulevardpresse `` in german . 
  that does not only concern celeb news but also sensationalism , bad journalism , etc.
