  if you made a poll in austria most people would close all eastern borders the sooner the better . 
   multiculturalism is good , left is the best wing . 
  i would not call the austrian or german government left wing if that 's what you mean . 
  in fact , the biggest political parties in polls right now , the fp\u00d6 , is campaigning to de-facto exit schengen and to build a fence . 
  their political agenda is also to block access to austria to former eastern block countries like romania , slovakia , hungaria , ... all the people from these countries are just economic migrants or at least criminals that want to rob austrians according to right wing parties . 
  be careful what you wish for !, 
  you will be the first to feel the chilling effects of a right wing majority in large parts of western europe . 
   well , you are most likely talking about romas to be honest , i do n't know . 
  they have slovakian passports . 
  i have no problem with them , i just walk on and ignore them . 
  nope . 
  sales tax is a complete mess . 
  it depends what city you buy something , whether you order it online , ... 
  compare that to the three different vat percenteges allowed per eu member . 
  it 's an entirely different system . 
  i am not saying it 's better or worse economically , but as a software dev i can say us sales tax is a fucking nightmare to implement . 
  there are [ dedicated software companies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxware ) working only in the sales tax calculation business . 
  is this satire ? 
  i am really sorry but without a tl ; dr i stopped when you called merkel a leftie . 
   we must help poor migrants with upper mid range phones as seen in video . 
  you are not poor if you can afford thousands of dollars to migrate to europe . 
  you are desperate . 
  did you know there are slovakian people begging in the streets in austria with similar if not better phones , their employers driving mercecdes and wearing fur coats ? 
   i am thankful to the hungarian police , they did nothing , but at least they tried . 
  me too . 
  but all they do is to push the refugees into the west as good and fast as they can . 
  as i write this overcrowded trains are handed over to austria at the border once again . 
  thanks , orban . 
   the us mostly has the same laws concerning trade . 
  [ orly ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sales_taxes_in_the_united_states ), 
  so true . 
  for years we austrians laughed about a regulation concerning the curvature of gherkins . 
  turns out the eu just adopted an austrian law that was in place since the 1960s . 
  but the eu bureaucrats are all to blame !, 
  [ if you speak german you can read about it on wikipedia . 
   it 's so easy from within the us for example , shipping is dirt cheap and availability is high looks like this only applies to iceland . 
  shipping to mainland europe for various goods i wanted to order over the last months were extremely expensive ( like usd 20 + for a t-shirt that cost usd 15-ish ) . 
  if the goods are only slightly more expensive the incoming tax and customs add another 20-30 % of the goods . 
  i stopped ordering stuff from the us because of this because as a rule of thumb goods from the states tend to cost 2 x as much . 
   bombing the oktoberfest ? 
  [ history repeating ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oktoberfest_terror_attack ) . 
  yup , maybe [ germans ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article122518828/philip-b-aus-dinslaken-in-den-dschihad.html ) . 
  i can not translate the whole article , it 's about a ethnic german who converted to islam and joined the jihad . 
  oh , if only they would do that !, 
  hungary fails to register the refugees and just rushes them on . 
  if hungary dislikes the eu , schengen and proper border controls with non-schengen area , why not leave schengen ? 
  because their government is full of shit . 
  this is not news . 
  this has been going on for years . 
  many austrians would love to close the border to hungary , but this would be illegal . 
  just to make sure everyone gets is : austria has not closed its borders in the past years unlike many redditors here seem to believe . 
  vehicle checks for human trafficking does not mean closed borders . 
  denying access to massively overcrowded regular trains does not mean a closed border . 
   why do n't they want to register in austria ? 
  there are over 18.000 refugees registered in austria . 
  our government are grateful that the germans are helping us out by taking the current wave of migrants . 
  btw , of these 18.000 the large minority came via hungary which fails to protect its borders for months now . 
  hungary has taken 3000 acc . 
  to mr. orban himself . 
  compare those numbers before pointing your finger to austria . 
   do you realize most of the facts you mention are baseless ? 
  do you realize your government censored press might be lying or hiding the truth from you ? 
  you can not censor [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) though . 
   who says italy is handling it well ? 
  who is critizizing italy in a way that hungary is being critizised now , not only by austria and germany but also by unhcr . 
   who says there were no shelters ? 
  hungary has shelter for 2500 people , and has already taken 3000 . 
  these numbers are ridiculous . 
  wikipedia cites hungary has taken `` hundreds '' . 
  the truth might be somewhere inbetween . 
   do you realize that if they register in hungary they have also a guaranteed income as well because of international treaties ? 
  so hungary signed treaties , refuses to comply , gets critizised and blames others . 
  cancel those treaties if you are unwilling to fulfill them . 
  do not forget you might lose the benefits of these treaties as well , however . 
  austria has taken more refugees than hungary . 
  austria never closed its borders . 
   did austria keep them instead of hurrying to close the borders after 12000 showed up in 2 days ? 
  nope . 
  austria currently provides shelter for at least 18.000 people . 
  most of them were rushed to austria via hungary . 
  hungary fails to protect its borders for months now , or do you think those people are refugees from switzerland ? 
  accept the help offered by the eu . 
  show a more welcoming , less hostile attitude . 
  do not build anti-immigration alliances with other eastern european eu members . 
  build shelters and infrastructure in advance instead of a ridiculous fence that is not deterring people at all . 
  stop considering countries like serbia as safe for refugees when even the unhcr considers them unsafe . 
  not changing policies multiple times a day . 
  not lying to people to trick them to board a train . 
  and if all of this fails ask italy how they manage to sustain a similar situation without any larger crisis for years . 
  as a hungarian i would be more than worried what your country is able to do in case of a real emergency like e.g. 
  a major environmental disaster . 
  right now orban has cancelled dublin iii . 
  hungary does not accept any returns of refugees according to the dublin treaty . 
  enough with these shenanigans . 
  leave schengen and the eu if you have a problem sticking to treaties you agreed to . 
   and what is your suggestion to make them register and fingerprint in hungary without force if they do not want to do it voluntarily ? 
  i do n't know . 
  there are some countries you could ask , like italy , malta , austria etc. 
   austria is closing their border after one weekend of getting the same refugee storm as hungary for months now this is not true .
