  you do not have country flair . 
   and if syrians want this then they need to fight for that right in their country . 
  which , appearantly , nobody is doing since it 's all peaceful and quiet there . 
   they wo n't achieve that by running away . 
  why do you not do as the good americans in wwii and help them ? 
   none of you who support mass immigration realize that you 're not helping syria in the long term . 
  are you accusing me of supporting mass immigration ? 
  you are barking up the wrong tree . 
  i just said that the majority of countries currently opening up for mass immigration are definetly not under a left wing government . 
  if you can not accept this fact then that 's fine . 
  just do n't accuse me of political statements i have never made !, 
  austria is strongly against nuclear energy , especially when there are safety concerns and the reactors are near our borders . 
  it 's part of our [ history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwentendorf_nuclear_power_plant ) . 
   italy is n't managing they just let them through . 
  got any source for that ? 
  i [ do ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48e996.html ) . 
  italy has the 3rd most asylum seekers in 2014 , which means that they were registered because otherwise they could not have seeked asylum . 
  how is that `` just letting them through '' ? 
   you are saying lots of things to they should n't do but offering no solution . 
  what hungary should do is written in the schengen trety and in the geneva convention . 
  how they implement a solution is up to their experts ( which i am not ) . 
  how a country can even tolerate thousands of migrants roaming free whereever they chose to go is beyond my imagination . 
  since i do n't believe that they do n't know how to operate a police force ( [ they 've shown they know how to deal with rioting masses of their own people in the past ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary ) ) so i have more than enough reasons to believe hungary is waving refugees through without registration on purpose . 
  they have been doing this for months now and got away with it . 
  how do you think most of the ~ 25.000 asylum seekers in austria could have entered the country ? 
  tl ; dr : hungarian government should stop playing dumb and act according to international law . 
  lowering wages and feeding the industry is a classical right wing agenda . 
   yet the leftists are all in favour of flooding the eu with non-eu citizens like syrians for example . 
  you must thank god they are not in power then ? 
  since they 're not . 
  eu and germany are ruled by right-wing majority governments . 
  the most pro-immigration parties in austria are the right wing ones . 
  they are just very skilled to hide that fact from the general public . 
  cheap labour force from foreign countries ? 
  conservatives are all in favour of that . 
  it was the traditionally left trade union who was against eu membership of eastern europeans in the first place . 
   at least you are honest . 
  it 's not my opinion , i just try so summarize what a relative majority in austria is thinking . 
  i have some friends ( we got many foreigners in it where i work ) from these countries and to call all of them economic migrants or even criminals would be an insult to them . 
  i do not blame anyone who lives in romania and makes let 's say $ 300 / month and speaks ok german and good english if he moves to austria where he can make over $ 2000 for the same it job . 
  i would do the same if i were them . 
  to be a bit cynical , i am happy if cheap labor in romania moves to austria so that saves our jobs as well if no skilled work force exists in romania - just kidding . 
    many germans thinks the same , but you are a bit more honest . 
  for fun , how does they view syrians ? 
  even right wing parties agree that victims of war should receive shelter and help , at least that 's what they say in public . 
   without our nurses , your hospitals would most likely be nonfuctional . 
  i also know that you got a lot of doctors from `` eastern block '' . 
  you are right , of course . 
  i am not at all against people working in other countries , if they are willing to . 
  most of the people who are complaining that eastern europeans are taking our jobs away seem to forget that are not enough people here who are qualified or willing to do these jobs . 
  your examples are spot on . 
   all would help hungary , so serbia would be in deep shit , but i think , if none got to germany , there wouldnt be new everyday in greece and italy . 
  i am not quite sure , you might be right , but keep in mind many lies are circulated by traffickers in the middle east as well . 
  a friend of mine talked to refugees as part of his job and told them what they can expect ( not much ) . 
  they were very disappointed because they were led to believe that they will lead a eu lifestyle from day one without any effort . 
  that - of course - is impossible , unless they are very skilled and willing to work in a job that is high in demand . 
   at least you are honest . 
  it 's not my opinion , i just try so summarize what a relative majority in austria is thinking . 
  i have some friends ( we got many foreigners in it where i work ) from these countries and to call all of them economic migrants or even criminals would be an insult to them . 
  i do not blame anyone who lives in romania and makes let 's say $ 300 / month and speaks ok german and good english if he moves to austria where he can make over $ 2000 for the same it job . 
  i would do the same if i were them . 
  to be a bit cynical , i am happy if cheap labor in romania moves to austria so that saves our jobs as well if no skilled work force exists in romania - just kidding . 
    many germans thinks the same , but you are a bit more honest . 
  for fun , how does they view syrians ? 
  even right wing parties agree that victims of war should receive shelter and help , at least that 's what they say in public . 
   without our nurses , your hospitals would most likely be nonfuctional . 
  i also know that you got a lot of doctors from `` eastern block '' . 
  you are right , of course . 
  i am not at all against people working in other countries , if they are willing to . 
  most of the people who are complaining that eastern europeans are taking our jobs away seem to forget that are not enough people here who are qualified or willing to do these jobs . 
  your examples are spot on . 
   all would help hungary , so serbia would be in deep shit , but i think , if none got to germany , there wouldnt be new everyday in greece and italy . 
  i am not quite sure , you might be right , but keep in mind many lies are circulated by traffickers in the middle east as well . 
  a friend of mine talked to refugees as part of his job and told them what they can expect ( not much ) . 
  they were very disappointed because they were led to believe that they will lead a eu lifestyle from day one without any effort . 
  that - of course - is impossible , unless they are very skilled and willing to work in a job that is high in demand . 
   are you saying that italy and austria are forcing them to register ( i do not know much about malta and immigrants going throught there , so i do not mention them ) ? 
  italy is doing it . 
  austria does not have any institutions for it because registration is the job of the first schengen country refugees enter . 
  austria is surrounded by schengen countries at the moment . 
  i know and i do not blame op or you for the clickbait headline the independent has chosen . 
  however the first sentence of the article says :  the austrian chancellor has indicated that the country could begin closing its borders again many people itt misinterpret the headline in a way that the borders are closed . 
  they 're not . 
  thousands of refugees enter austria at the moment in overcrowded trains once again . 
   so why everyone is against hungary when they want to close their outer schengen border to catch all migrants coming through illegally on the green border ? 
  oh , i am in total favour of that !, 
  as long as hungary complies to eu and international law ( geneva convention , un stuff , ... ) doing so . 
  they should catch immigrants at the border , register them and pressure the eu to distribute them in a fair way across all member states . 
   it will still not work without proper border patrol and there still will be a problem that they do not want to register before reaching germany though . 
  it 's not a matter of what somebody wants . 
  it 's about the law . 
  if hungary can not uphold the law in their country then they 're in big trouble . 
  however , i doubt that they ca n't , i suspect they do n't want to . 
  this is my personal impression . 
  i do n't speak hungarian so i can not read in-depth opinions of the hungarian media on that matter . 
  but in all honesty i believe the hungarian government are happy to pass the refugees and migrants on as quickly and easily as possible . 
  [ relevant link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nimby ) . 
   please remember , that it was yours politicians who prohibited doing anything . 
  austria and germany basically saved hungary 's ass by taking all the refugees and keeping our borders open . 
  hungary would be in ** a lot ** of trouble if we closed them as we have many hungarian work commuters .
