those were indeed great devices . 
  i almost bought one but i did n't have the money back then . 
  i only knew opera mini back in the day and you ca n't compare it to safari . 
  and my communicator did n't have a touchscreen . 
  i am not singing the web app gospel here . 
  i despise web apps . 
   a series40 with j2me was as smart as the first iphone . 
  maybe , but not when it comes to web browsing , which was a big deal in the pre appstore era . 
  remember web apps being advertise as the way to develop on the iphone ? 
  i am not saying apple invented the smartphone but touch controls plus full fledged web browsing took the whole industry to a new level with nokia delivering too little too late . 
  edit : fixed post by replacing the word iphone with smartphone . 
  me too . 
  safari was the first time i can remember seeing a full blown web site on any mobile device . 
  there might have been some others with full html support , but the useability was very very bad compared to touch control . 
  it will over the next few years . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.hauptbahnhof-wien.at/de/__teaser/__downloads/passangerinfo_okt_2014.pdf ) some detailed information in english ( pdf ) . 
  we had some minor floodings too . 
  nothing too bad so i guess god is just slightly mad . 
  i should have made it clearer that i was not talking about nature . 
  i was talking about culture . 
  weird and proud of it . 
  i really like that i drive for a couple of hours and end up in a country with a vastly different culture . 
  i 've never been to canada but in the us every place looks exactly the same . 
  come visit us . 
  you might enjoy it . 
  no wonder these guys like to hang out with austria 's fp\u00d6 . 
  these guys also like rhyming slogans , most of them are quite infamous like `` daham ( daheim in viennese dialect ) statt islam '' ( at home instead of islam - sounds even more stupid in english ) . 
  i can not understand the article bit good thing they did . 
  how stupid can one be to even think about publishing such bullshit ? 
  hehe , i see what you did here and i like you !, 
  unless it is austria , where the fp\u00d6 scored 27 % in 2000 and their spin-offs counted together did in 2013 . 
  i refuse to apologise for the fp\u00d6 and you do n't need to apologise for your mad party . 
  it 's not your personal fault , it 's not my personal fault . 
  it just makes me ashamed for some of my fellow citizens . 
  protip : it helps identifying yourself with fellow minded people all over the world instead with your nation . 
  i am more proud of conchita than the fact that she is by pure coincident austrian like me . 
  and by proud i mean that i have deep respect for her bravery . 
  same here . 
  i think that 's a normal thing in central europe . 
  i am no expert on gaga , i chose her as an example since i have the impression her act goes beyond a stage name and is some kind of character . 
  maybe i should have chosen the gorillaz as an example . 
  i was not offended at all , just trying to spread knowledge . 
  i 'm cool . 
  ahem ... this one here ? 
  do you call stefani joanne angelina germanotta lady gaga or her real name ? 
  conchita is a drag-queen , not transsexual . 
  she is biologically a man who is gay . 
  probably , yes . 
  i personally would never do it before asking conchita 's management though . 
  wow , if this was real you 'd probably make a shitload of money selling this in austria right now . 
  we used to have stermann & grissemann , two comedians ( one of them a german ) , commenting on a national radio station many years ago . 
  they gained a cult following and made a comeback in baku . 
  they even tried to compete once but did not make the national finals . 
  i do n't get why you 're being downvoted . 
  austrian 's leading opposition party ( fp\u00d6 ) , a catholic bishop and the biggest newspaper along with their readers were openly against conchita . 
  the paper ( krone.at - the newspaper with the highest relative marketshare in the world ! ), 
  posted a poll were over 70 % of the respondents were against conchita . 
  so in your face , haters . 
  trying to be cool , i guess . 
  but usually they end up sounding rather stupid . 
  check out this sign and some of the examples [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denglisch ) . 
  the yoda one makes me cringe so hard . 
  i have nothing to prove the story but if you honestly doubt that children are begging on the streets of europe because they have no other means of economic survival it 's up to you . 
  let 's be clear here . 
  i have nothing against foreigners or beggars at all . 
  i have something against preventing children from getting adequate education . 
  they already do . 
  i 've personally witnessed a kid begging in front of a supermarket that some minutes later was picked up by its parents ( ? ), 
  in a good-as-new bmw 5 series and the lady wore a ( fake ? ), 
  fur coat . 
  not exactly the kind of people who seem to be starving as a family . 
  do not give anything to begging children , you 'll only make their situation worse . 
  you 're welcome . 
  this can not be shared enough . 
  bulgarian voices . 
  a country with women singing this beautiful has a special place in my heart forever . 
  check out [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ank-bbbynuy ) . 
  it makes me want to marry that lead singer . 
  incredible music . 
  i should have called it efficient instead of amazing . 
  i just wish all petrol stations worked that way . 
  i hate queuing behind somebody who has to enter the shop to pay and pick up some snacks and other stuff for a couple of minutes . 
  i was at berchem . 
  amazing !, 
  * austrian empress maria theresia fortified the city but most of the forts are gone by now . 
  * founding member of the eu . 
  * tax haven . 
  many online businesses have their headquarter set up there for this reason ( paypal , apple 's itunes store , ... ) * fuel , booze and cigarrettes are cheap there . 
  the rest is quite expensive . 
  * huge amount of commuters from the surrounding countries . 
  * in my experience , when a luxemburgian ( ? ), 
  says , he speaks just a little german he 's usually perfectly fluent in it . 
  on the motorway close to the capital they have a petrol station that - according to some website i once read - has the highest turnover in the world . 
  you drive up to the pump over a huge queueing area , fill up and then continue along your lane to a cashier booth right next to the lane similar to a toll station . 
  i 've never seen such a huge and efficient petrol station before . 
  i 'm going to have to split my vote between the uk ( esp . 
  england ) and italy . 
  i love both countries and go there as often as possible , each has their own unique qualities . 
  i 'd rank the five nordic countries ex aeqo in the 3rd place . 
  you are right , but that still does not help me understand .
