  i do n't see them going out and causing mayhem when drunk though . 
  on the other hand there are guys/girls who wear ( sometimes fake ) fashion brands , go to solariums and drive ridiculously pimped up vw/audi/bmw where the audio system as more kilowatts than the engine . 
  the former style is also worn by many immigrants but is by far not exclusive to them , the majority of these guys/girls is austrian . 
  maybe those two kinds of chavs are the same people and are just wearing different outfits during the week . 
  i do n't even want to know exactly , i avoid these people at all costs . 
  i do n't know of a specific term for those two groups though . 
  if you want some videos of these people , google for the show * saturday night fever * on atv . 
  it 's one of the most horrible reality shows i 've ever seen . 
  you mean they act just like christian religions ? 
  it was transcribed . 
  i do not know hebrew . 
  there are also some hebrew/yiddish words in austrian dialect such as `` massel '' ( = luck ) from `` mazel tov '' which - i think - means `` good luck '' in hebrew . 
  holy shit !, 
  i 've listened to this divine music at least 20 in a row after buying it on itunes after one go . 
  this is beyond awesome !, 
  can you tell me when this song was written and by whom ( ordinary folk vs. trained composer ) ? 
  i am curious whether this is a recent work or an old folk song . 
  the harmonies in this piece put several classical composers to shame . 
  i just got europerolled . 
  one of the [ best moments in football ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdzqpyx9enk ) ever . 
  irish fans are the best . 
  bulgarian female choir music is fascinating and very complex . 
  i ca n't get enough of it !, 
  this is just so awesome because our folk music is usually quite simple and full of musical stereotypes . 
  bulgarian voices rock !!, 
  i 'd like to add the [ blue danube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dleypmhbve8 ) to your list . 
  [ updated version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ospqj3v0s2e ) of one of my favourite working class anthems . 
  exactly , and that 's what 's so funny about it . 
  also : frank stronach 's german . 
  thank you for your explanation but unfortunately i do n't think i 'll ever learn to discern english accents in a way that you can . 
  i can pull this off with austrian accents though . 
   my problem is , when i am in the uk , i try to imitate the accent spoken to me which is probably the most ridiculous thing to do . 
  at least that 's my impression with foreigners trying to speak austrian german . 
  i 'm trying really hard to pick up rp but then last year in london i was asked whether i was irish or german . 
  prepare for the same problem in scandinavia . 
  almost everyone is fluent in english and many in german as well . 
  i never had a chance to use more than a couple of swedish phrases i knew . 
  everyone spoke english so well it made me envious . 
  this is a very interesting thread , because the quesiton is so difficult . 
  for utility i like english best . 
  i get to use it every day and besides i really love everything related to the uk , starting with music and ending with hp sauce and ales . 
  i love italian because it sounds like music and there are many elegant ways of expressing beautiful things in it , but i barely speak it . 
  i dislike french because i had to learn it in school and never had any use for it . 
  it 's unnecessarily complicated in writing and i have a hard time understanding native speakers if they come from the wrong corner of the country . 
  sorry , guys . 
  hungarian and finnish both sound very melancholic and i keep hearing all the time that hungarian ( maybe finnish too ? ), 
  is a very unique and logical language . 
  therefore i 'd love to learn the basics but it 's hard to find a place teaching it where i live . 
  swedish has some really cute words in it ( \u201e bil `` for automobile ) and the grammar - like the article as a suffix of the noun - is interesting . 
  i can read quite a bit of swedish although i can not speak or understand a word because the pronounciation is very different to german even though the words are not . 
  yiddish is very cool , funny and almost like a german \u201e mundart `` ( dialect ) . 
  unless they write it in hebrew . 
  icelandic seems to be very \u201e pure `` - free from foreign words and almost the same like it was 1000 years ago . 
  the pronounciation is beyond crazy though . 
  so many languages to learn , so little time . 
  upvote for yiddish . 
  it 's a very `` funny '' way of talking `` german '' . 
  i tried to read it when i was in jewish museums in prague and krakow and was surprised that i understood most of it , and the grammar was quite similar to the austrian dialect of the german language . 
  everything changes when they start using the hebrew letters , though . 
  still it seems to be the closest relative to german there is . 
  and a funny one too . 
  who does not love words like schtetl ? 
  he 's hungarian . 
  every language is irregulars compared to hungarian - at least i was told so by hungarians . 
  want to learn it one day but it is difficult to find places teaching it where i live . 
  if the way jarvis cocker talks is the way people speak in sheffield i 'd have no issues at all . 
  this : http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=us9xi1boske, 
  cyrillic is n't not too difficult . 
  i spent some days in serbia and bih driving around and picked up most of the letters by just looking at traffic signs . 
  give it a try . 
  there are many words in those languages that you will easily recognise like theatre or photo . 
  i think that scottish accents are rough , but still loveable . 
  geordie and scouse are really difficult . 
  i can not understand most of it and i consider myself quite fluent in english . 
  france seems to be a bit snobbish with their language because you have quotas in media and so in , but i think any language does a good job when it is not picking up too many foreign words . 
  i dont think most of the anglicisms in german are nice but what really bugs me are false anglicisms like `` public viewing '' ( events like football matches shown on big screensin public spaces ) or `` sinn machen '' ( to make sense , correct german would be `` sinn haben '' = to have sense literally ) . 
  i even heard someone say `` ich mache einen punkt '' ( to have a point ) which sounds like a complete moron englishman tries to translate english into german literally . 
  as a native german speaker from austria , i disagree . 
  hochdeutsch ( standard german ) sounds very arrogant in my austrian ears - although it most certainly is n't meant to sound this way . 
  ( no offence please , german friends ! ), 
  but - our local dialect sounds a lot like english , though . 
  that enabled arnold schwarzenegger to be fluent in english although he basically is still speaking the styrian variant of german . 
  it does n't matter what you dial , 112 , 911 and 999 all should work . 
  instead we austrians get all the english words with their meanings fucked up . 
  you know , handy ( cellphone ) , public viewing ( watching soccer on giant screens in public ) or \u201e sinn machen `` ( a literal translation of \u201e to make sense `` ) instead of \u201e sinn haben `` ( literally to have sense ) . 
  you managed to switch to right hand driving which even back then was an enormous change . 
  you can also sack your monarchy . 
  i can guarantee you it will be cheaper than dagen-h . 
  austrian here too . 
  for employees these 17 % also cover retirement and unemployment . 
  sick days are unlimited and always paid , for a certain period by the employer and after that by the social security . 
  i do n't want to nitpick but an american guy asked me the same question and found the amount of taxes and insurance too high until i mentioned the above facts . 
  edit : spelling . 
  what croatia is doing to hungary is like what hungary has been doing to austria for moths . 
  except croatia is not a schengen member . 
  that fence is worth nothing . 
  orban declared he will arrest illegal trespassers . 
  two weeks ago . 
  he even passed special laws . 
  my reaction a couple of weeks ago was `` how many prison cells does hungary have ? '',
