  ... unless your driveway is equipped with the required drainage system that separates the soap and oil . 
  that building has been demolished for many years now , iirc . 
  edit : i was wrong , it 's still standing . 
  we do this only when drinking j\u00e4germeister , with the reason for it being that a hunter ( german j\u00e4ger ) always has to be ready to shoot with his/her dominant hand . 
  ... which probably is n't a good thing either . 
  i really like that way of looking at it . 
  with that mindset gravity was a big easter egg for physics-competent . 
  that pdf is 80 kb , it takes less than a second to download and open . 
  what is your problem ? 
  i 'm on a nexus 5 running stock android 4.4.2 with art runtime . 
  i 'm using the current version of the paid app . 
  i 'm really tempted to buy one of those kits for my dt 990 pros . 
  on mobile i click the post and it instantly opens the pdf in my pdf viewing app . 
  if pdf is an outdated format to you , which format would you propose for transferring documents ? 
  word doc files and pdf are for very different purposes . 
  pdf is for delivering finalized documents which are meant for reading or print production , not for editing . 
  the advantages of pdf over word is perfect reproduction on any platform by embedding all information necessary for it . 
  no matter on what device you open a pdf , it always looks the same . 
  it 's also an open standard which can be created and viewed using free and open-source software , whereas in order to use word files you are required to purchase microsoft word . 
  a pdf is in any case smaller and therefore faster to load then images or word files , since it stores the information as vectors , not pixel information . 
  this also guarantees perfect high-resolution displaying . 
  pdf is in no way outdated and is the de-facto standard for documents in any professional environment . 
  i recently made the switch to laser since i print a lot for university . 
  i got myself a brother hl 2250-dn black/white laser printer and i could n't be happier with it . 
  i just ordered new supplies ( toner , paper ) and it comes down to 0,038 $ per page ( oem toner , brand paper ) , and that factors in the drum unit . 
  it does not , however , include electricity , since that comes for free with my student dorm . 
  the initial cost of the printer is slightly higher than some very cheap ink jets , but having a reliable , hassle-free , always available network printer does make life easier . 
  i especially like the no-bullshit drivers , the duplex unit , and the fact that it can fit nearly an entire pack of copy paper in it 's tray . 
  so far i 've printed about 600 pages on it and never had a paper jam or any other error . 
  why is it always the bobsledders ? 
  / r/shittyhdr and / r/roomporn would both have been a solid choice for this post . 
  [ town hall of aalen , a small german city . 
  the blond chick banged into the throttle levers , they are all bent afterwards . 
  next step : vhdl synthesis tool for minecraft . 
  programm your logic , synthesize it in redstone !, 
  turn on bluetooth when it loses connection to my home wifi . 
  leave it on if finds my car 's bluetooth hands-free within 5 minutes , otherwise turn it back off . 
  generally , this topic is more suited to / r/tasker , though . 
  this does n't exist , yet . 
  it would be the logical next step after inventing redstone fpgas . 
  geraffes are so dumb . 
  stupid long horses . 
  i always liked `` downfags die pls '', 
  your dog looks like a toad ... 
  a toddler could trip over a keyboard only containing special characters and it would still be valid perl ... 
  shure , etymotic research , akg , beyerdynamic , klipsch , hifiman , denon , there are many . 
  not all . 
  those are just some examples of reputable headphone manufacturers . 
  there are a lot of manufacturers that i would n't buy or recommend , like bose , b & o , skullcandy , koss , wesc , urbanears , philips , panasonic , breainwavz etc. . . 
  head over to the audio-elitist circlejerk that is / r/headphones and you 'll find out that there is an endless list of them ... actually , that subreddit is n't really that bad , just take it with a grain of salt . 
  hijacking this : what 's the best way to get bigger headphone jacks to fit with this case on ? 
  i just ordered a pair of shure se215 , and they have a massive plug ... 
  same here :, 
  a few days ago i got an email that my password was successfully changed . 
  i then went on the website and tried to log in , but my password was actually changed . 
  i then clicked `` forgot password '' and got the confirmation link per email and changed it to a new , secure password . 
  my security question in in russian now , i 'll probably have to contact support about this , but i 'll need to find my old bf3 serial first . 
  also , i got another mail from origin saying someone requested a password change on my account today . 
  my guess was he 's comparing different cameras in the same situation , but your explanation might also be plausible . 
  that one had been released , too :(, 
  i get that classic trains are cool , but this just looks like it would produce more harm to the environment than all cars on a whole motorway combined ... 
  we need a glyph trainer app that teaches you the meaning of the glyphs . 
  beginner mode : glyph and meaning is shown , you have to draw it as fast as possible, 
  hard mode : only meaning is shown , you have to draw the corresponding glyph, 
  i use emacs as my main editor and nano when i ssh into things that do n't have emacs , i 'm pretty happy with it . 
  emacs quit is actually c-x c-c , which is fairly straight forward . 
  also : meta is bound to alt . 
  bind your caps-lock to control -  works like a charm . 
  ( you should do that anyway , who uses caps lock ... ) . 
  vim and emacs are probably still the most used editors of professional programmers . 
  here in germany ( where dhl comes from ) they are really fast and reliable . 
  when i order stuff off of amazon before about 16:00 it usually arrives the next day . 
  and that has been the case even before i had prime . 
  the question : red or green ? 
  this problem is using xemacs . 
  also , if you use emacs and you touch your mouse then you have lost already . 
  before you all get it wrong : it is n't pronounced like the english word mate , the name comes from the [ mate fruit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yerba_mate ) . 
  some people at work go through cases of this stuff every week ... 
  full translation of the logo :, 
  club - mate, 
  contains elevated level of caffeine ( 20 mg/100ml ), 
  mate-based caffeine containing refreshment drink, 
  mate is a jungle plant , which has been used in south amerika for hundreds for years , that contains caffeine as well as tannins . 
  this unique combination of valuable active ingredients makes club-mate a unique beverage ; active and stimulating , refreshing and revitalizing . 
  wait , so the official google drive app is not able to do that ? 
  that is pretty poor . 
  i could just use tasker + sftp for that , since i have a nas server here , but i wanted to use google cloud since i assumed it would be easy and stright forward , seeing as it is a cloud storage and synchronization service made by google themselves . 
  the functionally is available on pcs , but not on android , and i ca n't understand why not ... 
  i was talking about red or green sriracha . 
  the most common here is the '' [ flying goose brand ] ( http://imgur.com/j3uw7nr ) '' , it 's a import from thailand . 
  they come in really hot ( red ) and milder but still hot ( green ) . 
  i 've just looked up the ingredients an its exactly the same , probably just a different branding for the same import sauce . 
  i love this stuff , especially on delivery pizza or take away asian food . 
  i prefer the reddit updates , keep it that way . 
  my problem with the spigen ultra hybrid is that the diameter of the hole for the jack is too small for the plug of my shure se215 in-ears . 
  i 'll drill it bigger next time i have access to a drill . 
  trailer hitch . 
  i would recommend dice player . 
  you can do that in ftl . 
  oh yes it does .
