  got my first one in early 2012 , so the trend was barely starting . 
  why does it look so far up ? 
  it needs to be lowered asap , it just beyond strange ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there is nothing more glorious than more fps . 
  op is persuing the true spirit of the masterrace : total superiority . 
  brandhost is literally around the corner from the museums / u/claymuh has just mentioned ... 
  i hope that guy paid for all of this . 
  i like that pre lci front so much more than the lci one . 
  problem with ducky is not that it 's abs , the probem is it 's translucent abs with black color on it except where the letters are . 
  that black paint wears off really fast . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  also they feel kind of nice . 
  my das has abs , my kbt pure has pbt keycaps . 
  if you go to a bmw dealership , have them disable any key other than the one you have . 
  someone could still have the other key that originally came with your car . 
  if you are into heavily modified cars , head over to / r/stance , it 's a great subreddit !, 
  i read that as [ marduk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marduk_ ( band ) ) and was confused by the anime style cover ... 
  / r/greendawn disagrees . 
  over . 
  not an adjective ... 
  the german equivalent is g\u00f6nnen, 
  that does not bother me at all . 
  i also used to nibble at my sleeves when i was little . 
  what about the cotton rolls they sometime put in your mouth to absorb blood , like when i had my wisdom teeth removed . 
  they are firmer than cotton balls , would they bother you as well ? 
  i used to bite on it when i was forming it into things and i wanted it more compact . 
  does n't bother me , but it 's supposed to be bad for your teeth . 
  only the us versions with the small pipe diameter . 
  but putting on clothes after doing your hair might ruin it , especially wool sweaters and the like ... 
  leg stretch is really uncomfortable for me . 
  i like the 4 figure though . 
  and lotus when i sit on the floor . 
  i use regular conditioner and wash it out . 
  then i usually blow-dry my hair so it stands up . 
  i usually put on my shirt and what ever other clothing that goes over my head afterwards . 
  then i apply hair wax and style it . 
  when i have it the way i like it i usually let it settle for a bit and then hold it in place with a geneous blast of hair spray . 
  cooking utensils ? 
  let 's analyze . 
  a treadmill helps you stay in shape , so something that does the opposite either has something to do with producing more / better food ( cooking utensils ) or make you work out less , so it could also be something like a car on an electric bycicle . 
  i 'd say it 's something in the field of food . 
  so what 's food related but not a cooking utensil ? 
  a new stove ? 
  new kitchen ? 
  that 's how vac works . 
  donated . 
  have you ever * looked * at them ? 
  i see a lot of people wearing fake ralph lauren polos with popped collars . 
  mostly combined with fake mirrored ray bans . 
  stitching : fake ones usually have shoddy stitching . 
  some even have printed on logos , there is no print on genuine polos , only stitching . 
  also , it only says `` lauren '' on the buttons of genuine polos , never ralph lauren or what ever . 
  ee here , i work in a open lab full off awesome hardware . 
  both german universities i 've attended used moodle , which works pretty well imho . 
  where is this from ? 
  i actually like that . 
  i like the wing . 
  battery sensors are a saint . 
  are they adjusted correctly ? 
  is the glass tainted from age ? 
  it also depends on the bulbs you use . 
  i liked to use osram night breaker in my old car . 
  the german word for serviette is serviette . 
  however , in german it refers to both the cotton and the paper version . 
  now i want an estimation of how much change there is lying on the ground , in the top 50 metopolitan areas , combined . 
  nope . 
  animals interacting with my car in any way have thereby signed a death contract . 
  i like cute things as long as they do n't interact with my car 's perfectly polished paint job . 
  it 's the composers lastname ... 
  i 'd go to a real art auction . 
  blowing them out is dangerous , too , because you might spill it . 
  but they are in the wrong order . 
  it 's black , red and gold . 
  what kind of headlights are those ? 
  they are n't oem , are they ? 
  looks like xenon hid ( because of the projectors ) , but you do n't have the headlight washers , so it 's probably not oem xenon . 
  be sure to also install automatic range adjustment so you do n't blind anyone . 
  it 's required by law in certain states and countries . 
  that exists to some degree , it 's called altis life , it 's an arma 3 mod . 
  you forgot the increment the course number when you pasted it the 2nd time . 
  lahmacun topped with kebab is probably what you are talking about , right ? 
  you can also get that at every d\u00f6ner place in germany . 
  ah , that 's a regular italian style pizza topped with kebab and the typical d\u00f6ner ingredients , you can also get that at pretty much any d\u00f6ner shop . 
  lahmacun does n't use a pizza for the base layer , it 's more of a flatbread topped with a tomato and ground beef sauce . 
  that is then topped with kebab , lettuce , tomatos , garlic sauce etc. 
  and then rolled up like a d\u00fcr\u00fcm . 
  what 's the default value ? 
  but the brand new one is only primed , not painted , iirc . 
  it will freeze and cause trouble . 
  just checked out of curiosity :, 
  51118041132 is primed , $ 540.30 ^ *, 
  51110033539 is fully painted , $ 1077.41 ^ *, 
  these codes are e90 m front , for cars with pdc and headlight washers . 
  you can see all the other part numbers here :, 
  ^ ( * prices from http://www.leebmann24.de ), 
  that subreddit is n't going to happen , sorry :d, 
  i for one welcome our new axa shields , heckler & koch burster , mc donalds power cubes and cooler master heatsinks . 
  does n't your university offer eduroam ? 
  those are actually frowned upon , as they penetrate through the cork .
