  did he forget his blade at home ? 
  seeded on my 10 gbps box :  . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  does n't matter if he patents it first . 
  that 's a perfectly valid fraction , idk what your problem is . 
  we called those short + fat blunts turbines . 
  on point . 
  also more actuators for faster solving . 
  i 've also posted this before , so have many others . 
  not the solution to your main problem , but i 'd recommend using [ pocket casts ] ( http://www.shiftyjelly.com/pocketcasts ) for podcasts . 
  they have a web interface which you can also use to subscribe to new podcasts that you will then see on your phone . 
  be aware that the app is paid and the web interface is another feature you have to pay for on top ( one time payment i think ) . 
  the atrocity of the program folder being named in local language still existed in windows xp . 
  gew\u00fcrztraminer is named after the region tramin in southen tyrol ( italy ) . 
  i had some very good from [ this ] ( http://www.cantinatramin.it/en/1/8/winery.htm ) winery . 
  port tongs are nothing new and haven been used since forever . 
  thumbnail looks like underwear . 
  hes so much better than wagamama , who annoys the shit out of me . 
  feralhosting now offers plex on their ssd slots and soon ( 1-2 weeks ) they 'll roll it out to their regular slots . 
  my new pi 2 is in the mail right now . 
  plan is installing arch arm + kodi and the kodi plex client plugin . 
  those seats need some love . 
  buy oem . 
  incredibly tacky . 
  i feel people can do what they want to their bmw , but defacing the logo is disrespectful . 
  also yes , any carbon fiber looking things that are not actually carbon fiber are poor taste in my opinion . 
  if you do stuff to your car that is by many considered bad taste , like altered roundels , fake / / / m badges or colored angel eyes then you deserve to be called out on it . 
  bmw also makes bikes , so it 's fair game . 
  i thought about dogs , but taking on multiple cats at once could be kinda too much for one dog . 
  so i thought about which animal could and would kill the most cats . 
  and i arrived at bear . 
  i listened to come clarity by in flames for hours and hours while playing guildwars . 
  still whenever i hear a song from that album i see guildwars in my head . 
  it 's probably the album i 've listed to the most times . 
  also , billy talent ii while playing wow . 
  yes , up until the whipping part . 
  maybe clean them beforehand . 
  i prefer to use my [ microplane zester/grater ] ( http://us.microplane.com/microplaneclassicserieszestergrater.aspx ) . 
  it 's so much sharper than any other grater i 've ever used . 
  it also works nicely for grating parmiggiano , it then produces very fine strands that melt fast [ example ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p8c17f6.jpg ) . 
  of course they should . 
  that 's how you achieve market penetration . 
  you can drive there , but if you have a nicer car you should get a hotel with a locked and guarded parking garage . 
  you can probably switch it in the settings . 
  my modern bmw tells me a ton of diagnostics in the idrive . 
  i can check fluid levels and errors in there . 
  yes , and that is so much more user friendly that a dynamic dns ... 
  i personally really like the [ pibow coup\u00e9 ] ( http://shop.pimoroni.com/products/pibow-coupe ) cases by pimoroni . 
  oh did n't realize the article was about 3d printed cases . 
  no it 's not , it seems like it 's cut from acrylic . 
  wow , looks like an official promo shot . 
  good job !, 
  now do [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xpvwjgd.jpg ) . 
  i actually liked staying in the car sometimes , i would get in the driver seat and pretend to drive around . 
  then again , we live in germany and i never did that when it was hot like that . 
  drift charm, 
  bahn has a lot of translations , it means lane , way , road . 
  it 's used in a lot of composite words where it also means direction . 
  examples are bowlingbahn for bowling alley , flugbahn for trajectory , startbahn for runway , umlaufbahn for orbit , eisenbahn for railway etc. 
  there is always that one guy that does n't collaborate . 
  sputnik burned up in the atmosphere in 1958 . 
  maybe your key was added to github after the data set was created . 
  in the instrument cluster , the labeling on the right ( giri x10 al minuto ) looks like it can change . 
  can the right side of the cluster show different measures ? 
  i also like that it starts at 3k revs . 
  how ? 
  after reading them the spines are all cracked on mine since i fold the book flat or even fold the left side around the back . 
  the noise is mostly the large thing rotating around you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cwpzkuy-ne, 
  i have since switched to kindle , the biggest advantage for me is how much more comfortable it is to hold one handed . 
  also , if i want to display books i can always buy them again , those paperbacks are cheap . 
  i bought the books in 2011 , right when book 5 came out . 
  i bought a discounted box-set of books 1-4 for $ 15 and later bought book 5 for something like $ 9 . 
  i 'm german , but i read the english versions . 
  the german versions are expensive af , each english book is split into 2 german books , each of them costs about $ 15 now , about $ 25 when they came out , so the complete set is about $ 150 . 
  no car i 've ever seen has revs per second . 
  that would be a x60 multiplier and really werid :d . maybe it can show something entirely different like fuel level or oil pressure or something . 
  i ca n't read on monitors or tablets etc , but the kindle works for me . 
  i personally really enjoy stuff that 's not symetric on bikes or cars . 
  i hope more manufacturers are brave enough to do stuff like that . 
  i 'd really love an asymetric car front from a company that knows how to design stuff . 
  so full torque at about 9k ? 
  wow , how high does that thing rev ? 
  edit : nvm , found it . 
  peak torque at 9750 rpm is 112 nm . 
  it redlines at 14200 rpm . 
  holy shit . 
  so goood . 
  probably my most listened track on hospital : we are 18 . 
  my neighbor has 4 hives right in his backyard , right next to our garden . 
  in my whole childhood there i 've been stung maybe 2 or 3 times , each of those when i stepped on a bee or if it got stuck in my clothing . 
  bees do n't attack humans . 
  my beekeeping neighbor never wore any kind of suit when interacting with the hives either . 
  why not use [ androids built in flashlight ? 
  shhhh , do n't tell anyone . 
  i was talking about buying books to put on a shelf , for decoration . 
  hi , comming back to d3 , getting back into the game to prepare for next season . 
  i started running a carnevil build although i have neither dagger nor kurki . 
  now the question , what should i reroll on my carnevil ? 
  resistance to socket ? 
  profile :,
