  just had a look again , amazon was showing me used prices for the vrii , as they did n't have a new one . 
  a new vrii is about 2k $ here . 
  the tamron 1.4k-1 .5 k. 
  nah , as soon as i can see through the sole of them they 're out . 
  g lenses can now also be af-p ( which is newer than af-s ) . 
  please wait ... hat auch was . 
  wheat beer is unfilrered , this is yeast . 
  it 's perfectly normal and desirable in wheat beer such as german wei\u00dfbier , when pouring it you would pour until about 2 inches of beer remain in the bottle , then shake it in a circle to get the yeast to dissolve back into the beer , then pour the rest . 
  that is one of the main reasons why wei\u00dfbier is pretty much never drunk staright from the bottle here . 
  google `` how to pour weissbier '' for more information . 
  hohl dir pocket casts . 
   in podcast addict . 
  there is an even easier method . 
  just have the camera record audio as well . 
  then you can either line up the waveforms visually , or have tools automatically do it for you . 
  netflix dreht gerade altered carbon . 
  du armer ... 
  netherlands have huge swaths of land that are below sea level , with dams in place and pumps running . 
  they have had that for hundrets of years , they used to use winmill power pumps etc. . . see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polder, 
  ever . 
  can the d500 turn off vr on af-p ? 
  if it can then i see no reason not to buy them . 
  walking around , camera haging around their neck in the middle of their belly , popup flash extended , lenscap on . 
  eat later , not earlier . 
  at -20 it 's ice , not dew . 
  make sure the camera is dry and full of dry air , maybe take off the lens when taking it outside so the air inside is swapped immediately for cold , dry air . 
  on the lens you can turn focus and zoom back and forth to `` pump '' cold dry air in . 
  once it 's all nice and cold you wo n't have to worry about dew anymore . 
  be careful though , once the camera is thoroughly cold , taking it back inside to warm moist air will produce considerable ammounts of moisture . 
  better to warm it up inside a car that was thoroughly cold , as the heated air wo n't have any extra moisture . 
  depends on what i 'm doing . 
  if i 'm not going to walk far i 'll just keep it in my hand , no strap . 
  if i will walk some distance between taking shots i will use a strap . 
  i 'm using a [ peak design slide ] ( https://www.peakdesign.com/slide ) and i like it . 
  the camera will hang on your side or at your back , depending on how you set it up . 
  it 's a lot more comfortable than having it at my chest . 
  10/10 , would awkwardly try to start conversation with in the lift . 
  easy to eat ? 
  also , there is curerntly some development effort going on looking to bring native line numbers into meacs , for performance reasons . 
  this might be in emacs soon . 
  why is the sky grainy on a bright day , it looks like lowered contrast and boosted saturation . 
  if you like this style , go for it of course . 
  i would have edited it less, 
  damn , missed it ... 
  xvf or cvf . 
  never needed anything else ... 
  i actually am german ... 
  i am so glad my workplace is finally officially moving to git . 
  as a heavy emacs user magit will become more important than ever to me . 
  pledged !, 
  i think i have [ the same kind of plant ] ( http://i.imgur.com/26olzh8.jpg ) . 
  yes, 
  youngnuo has some really cheap but fairly nice quality led video lights with adjustable colour balance . 
  look for the yn300 air or the yn600 air . 
  aliexpress sells loads for figures . 
  why would it be ? 
  the urinal is blocking the view . 
  i 've had mine for like a year now and have n't had to trim it so far ... 
  sourdough , no sugar needed ... 
  if the name on the package is not on any doorbell / mailbox there , then the package should be returned to sender as underliverable . 
  happened to me once when i had a package from amazon deliverd to an old saved address of mine where i no longer lived . 
  i think it 's time for 256 / 512 / 1tb . 
  the first terrabyte phone would be something nice , and they could do it if they want ... 
  oo , i would have assumed that i was going to have to play like 2000 $ for the edition phone , at least ... 
  i do n't really need it now , but i might use that phone for quite a while . 
  also , backing up photos on it from my camera while on holiday , and stuff like that . 
  dyslexic studio has nothing to do with being dyslexic . 
  look at their sheets , they are amazing !, 
  oh no , it 's prefectly legal to jam police radio . 
  you could also use a distro that has up to date packages ... 
  i use arch . 
  printers definitely do n't work out of the box , you 'd have to find the driver fist . 
  but a lot of drivers are in the excellent arch user repositories . 
  that said , arch is what got me a somewhat deeper understanding of what is actually going on inside a distro and i love it for that . 
  does n't work for me in the msys2 version of emacs , opened an issue . 
  i think my emacs has everything that is necessary ... 
  yep , that 's mine , found the problem . 
  there is actually a widely used protocol for measurement automation called scpi which is pronounced skippy . 
  i actually really like that default subtle `` ding '' text sound . 
  dish washers need cold water for the drying cycle , where they heat up the inside of the dishwasher to evaporate the water , while cooling one or more of the walls from behind with cold water to get all the moisture to condense there . 
  if you connect the dishwaser to hot water your dishes will not come out dry . 
  both dish washers and washing machines heat the water on their own . 
  washing machines usually have a 95 \u00b0 c setting , which would not be possible using the hot water line only , which is usually below 60 \u00b0 c. 
   40 degrees for coloured items , 60 for white . 
  that seems kind of old fashioned , 30 \u00b0 c for pretty much everything is fairly common nowadays . 
  that also depends on the system the washer uses , there are a few different types . 
  i set the copyright info in the menu of the camera , so every photo i take has my name in the exif info . 
  you are literally in r/productporn ... 
  i think the [ billingham hadley pro ] ( https://www.billingham.co.uk/hadley-pro.html ) or their large pro would tick all the boxes except for the price . 
  do n't look at the price first , then get drunk and buy it . 
  you 'll love it , i love mine . 
  same thing happened to me . 
  when i saw those bags on digitalrevtv i instantly loved them . 
  when i found out how expensive they were i hesitated for a while and looked for alternatives , but here is nothing that even comes close to a billingham bag . 
  however , i love this bag so much i do n't regret a cent i paid for it . 
  dies !, 
  nice !, 
  have fun with that beast !, 
  should have used her camera for this pic ... 
  yes , but it 's a shit picture of it .
