  that car is boss . 
  vip . 
  yes , just a white bmw lettering , no roundel . 
  that would look cool . 
  high quality meats can be eaten raw , no problem . 
  i always taste my raw minced meat patties to see if i need to add more spices . 
  there are at least 2 sensors that are glued to the windscreen in your e90 . 
  one is for the automatic wiper and the other checks if your windshield is fogging up . 
  both need to be glued to the new windshield , and the wiper sensor needs to be calibrated . 
  if you notice that your ac behaves strangely , like always directring air to the windshield or heating more that you set it to do , then the other sensor is also not installed correctly . 
  a friend of mine also had his done recently , he bought a used e90 and his wiper sensor did n't really work , he had it callibrated at the dealership , was like 50 $ iirc :, 
  why is his logo an [ audeze headphone grill ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tzi4f9z.jpg ) ? 
  are they actually popular with producers ? 
  i had that exact same printer for a long time , was n't even that bad of a printer , but made a ton of noise , especially when cleaning the head . 
  german here , they are never called das boot here . 
  german name for them is stiefel . 
  also , 2l is kinda small , i 've never seen one smaller than 3l . 
  could you imagine how weird that would be ? 
  plants that constantly emit warmth ? 
  i 'd like to see him try that under my car . 
  nope , in the e90 for example there is a button which when you press it switches the dsc into dtc mode . 
  to turn off everything you have to hold it for like 10 seconds . 
  see http://bmw.com/com/en/insights/technology/technology_guide/articles/dynamic_traction_control.html, 
  transfering from hubble to the iss using your jetpack ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  it 's kinda sad when a proposed internet law for india makes someone in the us jealous . 
  are you sure it 's from the forklift ? 
  that wreck could still have an engine . 
  redneck detected . 
  you should have made a small cut in the center somewhere . 
  this hood could not open because it 's fused with the front bumper . 
  however , it does look a lot better . 
  problem is that those odd spaced kidneys allow you to see better inside the engine compartment . 
  german here , my klappspaten is always in the trunk of my bmw . 
  yes , my thoughts as well . 
  it 's an insanely beautiful plot of land . 
  when you start to get frustrated just switch to extremal view . 
  the coolness of the gimbaling guns will hype you right back up . 
  [ i 'd rather cry in a bmw ] ( [ wikipedia ] i would rather cry in a bmw - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/i_would_rather_cry_in_a_bmw ), 
  yes , that 's the original quote . 
  however most of the time i see the variant `` money ca n't buy happiness , but i 'd rather cry in a bmw . '', 
  also , i do n't get the money ca n't buy happiness part . 
  i 'm a happy and upbeat person , but nice things bring me joy , for example my bmw . 
  all bmws also have that . 
  just hold down the open trunk button on the remote . 
  ee here , i have n't used degrees in idk how many years . 
  i really want to see him get beaten to pulp ip man style in some kind of illegal cage match where he ca n't run away . 
  he makes me so irrationally mad . 
  i get that he 's mentally ill , but the hatred is irrational , i ca n't help it , i just want to see his bones broken . 
  dt 990 pro + mx blue user checking in . 
  anyone got any questions ? 
  someone read got . 
  the reference is only in the books so far , idk if they will add it into the series . 
  sadly not so far , i tried 2 shops at hauptbahnhof , but they did n't have any . 
  that 's the professional way to do it . 
  especially if you make something that takes let 's say 20 eggs . 
  you do n't want to ruin the last 15 eggs you poured in just because one is defective . 
  also you can fish out any pice shell much easier from the little bowl or cup . 
  its sad but you ca n't look away . 
  nexus 5 also has magnet cover sensors . 
  they were released in 2010 , but they are not very common in the us , as they are a small pickup and only come with 2l 4 cylinder engines . 
  they were intended as a low-cost platform for the south-american and asian market . 
  do n't downvote him , he 's right . 
  that post is non-content , discouraged as per posting rule # 3 . 
  depends , here in germany he 'd be legally allowed to purchase and consume that . 
  even in public . 
  what 's the deal with stanced cars and roof racks ? 
  it looks somewhat cool , but is there a reason ? 
  yep , she 's cute . 
  that 's actually really expensive . 
  both wrong . 
  why would i need a smelly messy animal in my home ? 
  what am i , some kind of farmer ? 
  virtual memory is bad for the ssd longevity since it creates a lot of writes . 
  of course . 
  do n't you have street cleaning vehicles in the us ? 
  why not ? 
  snakes got ta eat , too . 
  kittens are an abundant resource . 
  virtual clone drive is where it 's at now . 
  could n't i use the title_sort destination field , so the normal title is n't changed ? 
  edit : just tried it , did n't work . 
  i just got my new paperwhite and i do n't have those special offers , i only get the screensaver . 
  is it because i 'm amazon prime member ? 
  did you find it ? 
  german here , i 'm pretty sure i 've seen a lot of cups with this design on . 
  and i 've probably owned at least one article of clothing featuring that as well . 
  does n't look like it unfortunately . 
  you can also right-click on the desktop -  view and then deactivate desktop symbols . 
  that way it 'll all be in the same order as it was before you praked them . 
  if you own a kindle you can buy audible/kindle bundles . 
  the progress gets synced , you can read a part of the book , then listen while you commute and your e-reader will know up to where you 've listened so you can continue reading where you stopped listening . 
  you need to be his/her legal guardians ( parents or the like ) . 
  if you are not , then the legal guardians of the 17yo can sign a parenting commision for you , making you legally responsible for the 17yo for that evening ( according to \u00a7 1 abs . 
  if you have that then he can stay after 24:00 , as long as he/she is with you . 
  the german word is `` erziehungsauftrag '' , you can find forms for that all over the internet , for example [ here ] ( http://partyzettel.de/partyzettel.pdf ) or [ here ] ( http://www.hannovernights.com/files/downloads/erziehungsauftrag.pdf ) . 
  you should all carry ids if you chose to do that . 
  also , be advised that some clubs do not care about that and make use of their right to bounce everyone under 18 at 24:00 , regardless if you were granted permission or not . 
  also be sure to carry at least one copy of the form , as the club will want their own copy , so they 've got their asses covered if something happens to him . 
  i really like [ robimack ] ( http://robimack.de/ ) .
