   good notes, 
  have you tried pdf expert ? 
  i 'm trying to decide wich app to use for pdf anotation . 
  what apps do you use for diagrams ? 
  we 're thinking about implementing them at work , as a replacement for the very clunky visio . 
  for complex diagrams i think omnigraffle would be the right solution . 
  agreed . 
  for notes i use nebo right now and i love it . 
  have you tried goodnotes ? 
  i 'm interested how pdf expert and goodnotes compare for anotating pdfs . 
  trying that just tells me `` direct ip access not allowed '' via cloudflare ... 
  i have [ these bordeaux glasses ] ( http://www.villeroy-boch.co.uk/shop/allegorie-premium-bordeaux-goblet-278mm.html ) and i tested one which came to about 23 oz . 
  inb4 resort closed to protect lynx habitat . 
  oh , looks interesting , thanks !, 
  which one ? 
  protube apparently still has it . 
  right , but now it only matches the battery life of the old 1080p model . 
  basically they had to make it thicker to match the old battery life with the new screen . 
  nothing to see here folks . 
  then we read house of leaves . 
  hmm , the parking page changed , from the namecheap one to a different one . 
  where on reddit ? 
  never seen that and i 've been here a while ... 
  always be weary of the tuba player that randomly plays a note while waiting for something . 
  more than likely he 's masking something ... 
  something somewhat similar , but incredibly smoothly handled happened during the first lecture on economics at university . 
  prof stood on the little stage thing in the huge 1500 ppl . 
  auditorium . 
  all went well , but after like half the class there is a large popup on his presentation , some kind of apple play or bluetooth pairing thingy , that says :, 
   bombshell69 wants to connect, 
  many people start laughing . 
  prof looks bewildered for a second , hits decline , disables something in the settings , then looks up , smiles , and says `` maybe we should connect * after * the lecture ... '', 
  brief academic applause from the whole room follows . 
  i 'm fairly new to ios , is there a comprehensive list of all the typical gestures anywhere ? 
  academic applause , as in , people knocking on their tables , as is customary at german universities . 
  this is a common thing to do during lectures , also for example after a somewhat spectacular demonstration of something in a physics / chemistry class etc. 
  same problem on my ipad . 
  however , for some websites it seems to remember it . 
  dhl ist hier normal gut , hermes ist absoluter cancer hier . 
  top . 
  told it before . 
  you do have sufficient antifreeze in the fluid , and have sprayed enough since filling it in so that it 's in every hose ? 
  driver is very likely a girl , you can see her in the picture ... 
  did you just say men ca n't be thoughtful ? 
  the munich subway system is incredibly clean compared to most other subways i 've been to so far . 
  imho the g600 ist superior to the naga in any way . 
  fight me :d, 
  ftfy, 
  what app is that ? 
  looks like ios with that back arrow in the top left . 
  he was n't far off then :p / s, 
  if there is any opening , try to get something at the [ european patent office in munich ] ( http://www.epo.org/about-us/jobs/vacancies/internships.html ) . 
  with some expertise in law and knowledge of a few languages that might be a good option . 
  and working for the eu pay very well . 
  gutenberg is not exactly obscure though ... 
  hessen also has a strong dialect ... 
  if you go to any big city really you will rarely find dialect . 
  here in munich very few people speak bavarian . 
  [ protube ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/protube-for-youtube/id931201696?mt=8 ) apparently shows youtube without ads . 
  not b\u00fcdingen , frankfurt . 
  i 'm not usually in smaller town here , appart from rosenheim , and there it 's also not that common . 
  that is great :d, 
  yes , a bad example . 
  it 's like saying `` alcoholic drinks , for example milk '' . 
  you should definitely check if someone has created a user and / or added a key to your pi while it was vulnerable . 
  you need to be a member to use it though . 
  reading that right now . 
  wow , that apple emoji is incredibly high resolution . 
  oh it 's big allright . 
  heh , and here i thought having my 9 chests on a tiny natural island in a lake that is just barely within logistics robot range from the mainland was clever :d . 
  our base has one 14/10 block of boilers / steam engines that is fed by requester chests that request wood and coal . 
  this is solely for getting rid of that excess wood after clearing forest for new solar arrays :d . 
  that book costs more than an entire semester 's worth of tuition at the university i studied at here in germany . 
  in the mean time i have actually contacted anker , and they said that that charger can not fast-charge the ipad pro . 
  they said they 're working on it . 
  kinda same for me . 
  i needed a replacement for my very old and heavy laptop , and also did n't have a tablet yet . 
  decided on one getting a tablet with a keyboard , and ended up pretty much set on the surface book , but then i discovered the ipad pro , and i like it better . 
  i especially do n't like windows 10 on a tablet , and the lacking battery performance of the surface book in tablet mode . 
  since that is about 90 % of my usage , i wanted more of a tablet that can be sort of a laptop , instead of a laptop that can be a tablet . 
  i bought mine the week before christmas , but i did n't order online , i just went to the store . 
  this device also made me change my mind about phones , my next phone will probably be a iphone 7 + instead of a pixel xl . 
  camel case is so ugly imho ... 
  i have the official smart keyboard , and i used it extensively when i visited my parents of the holidays . 
  there are still a few things that i need to figure out , but i 'm confident that the ipad pro will do everything i did with my laptop lately just fine . 
  i use the built-in alarm clock with the bedtime feature . 
  that bedtime reminder is a useful feature for me . 
  you can add widgets there ... 
  why 3rd party and not apple ? 
  i like the smart keyboard . 
  pro 12.9 , get a pencil , use it to take notes e.g. 
  with goodnotes . 
  it 's heaven . 
  [ goodnotes ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/goodnotes-4-notes-pdf/id778658393?mt=8 ) is also a solid option , you can turn on shape detection , which will make it `` correct '' your drawings . 
   i do n't feel like returning the ipad will achieve anything to be honest . 
  wtf . 
  you 're just selfish and want to keep it , but luckily you ca n't , scum . 
  grow a pair and return it / give it to police . 
  what 's the extra r ? 
  also , i live in germany , so that sale sadly wo n't work for me  .
