nevar add facebook features to reddit plx !, 
  antigravity !, 
  nom nom nom, 
  nom nom nom, 
  you loose one internets for repost-copypasta . 
  i just love the simple and clean design of reddit . 
  also , it has lolcat speech option !, 
  -  awesomeness, 
  in germany every new mcdonalds has them, 
  nom nom nom, 
  downvote for using chrome, 
  yes , who says there are no rich handicapped ppl . 
  out there ? 
  thinking ferarri -  ca n't be handicapped is a pretty preoccupied pov ... 
  how is it fixed ? 
  does it stick ? 
  i think it rather ist pretty sexy ... 
  disrupted my studying ... writing electrotechnics test the day after tomorrow ... anyways , thanks !, 
  this looks shopped to me ( middle picture , look at that `` border '' and the street markings ... http://www.picrandom.com/images/d30e0b529d.jpg, 
  edit : sry , just looks shopped even if proven right , 
  gggrrrr to all out there ... we here in germany have asynchron dsl , means , if i have 25mbit/s downstream i only have 2,5 mbit/s upstream , what makes uplading a pain ... all isps here do this ... 
  but atleast i get the speed i pay for , and i could upgreat to 100mbit/s downstream 10mbit/s upstream here ... 
  i lol 'd, 
  woah 2nd time i misspelled losing on reddit , damn need to fix that ... 
  and that missing space is a bad habit since i 'm german , here in germany we can put as many nouns together as we want to create a new word ... 
  that was my first submit to reddit so far , and according to that guy and that comments karma i maybe should doublecheck any further submissions, 
  fixed my habit ^ ^, 
  could create another epic int0rnet war, 
  yes , but i did not want to give the punchline away in the title, 
  that 's how i like my goats ... hanging, 
  i bet the servers they run 4chan on are beasts, 
  yes , but it does n't work proper either ... 
  4chan is back online again, 
  hmm i did n't translate any jokes before this one , might need some moar practice, 
  thank you sir , have an upboat, 
  here in germany noone leaves a package at the door . 
  every package that does n't fit in the mailbox ( called gro\u00dfbrief = `` big letter '' ) requires a signature . 
  they sometimes give them to neighbours , i can than see where it is in the online tracking . 
  i do n't use ups much , but the other german services like dhl/hermes/gls do this . 
  why would you check a package 's status when you already have it ? 
  you should always , always carry a small amount of caesium in your mouth in a glass vial . 
  also , you should always carry a open flame out there , to show him your defiance, 
  ok i 'm gon na sell my tent and my petromax to afford one, 
  woah epic , i could even use it to build a house ... 
  why run away ... 
  that site is outdated ... you need a gtx 460 man , 
  wow we have realy qualified lawyery tv show experts here , amazing !, 
  at op , listen to this man , he knows, 
  how ? 
  i do n't have the beta ... 
  ^ ^ this thread is done , cya on bnet after 27th  ... maybe i use a och instead of torrent though ... 
  hmm i thought about maybe watching a sc1 story tl ; dr on yt , just to know what sc2 is all about , can you recommend one ? 
  my theory ( or maybe irrational hope ) is , that the region lock only exists to prevent mass floods on a server when the other servers are down during the first month ( s ) of the release , since the serverload will drastically increase when sc2 goes live ... 
  maybe it prevents the pizza from touching the cardboard ( i have never seen such a thing here in germany ), 
  good air conditioning imho do n't produce smells ( at least the ones in my cars ) , you should think of replacing your filters ... 
  we need a coupler here !, 
  like a boss, 
  wtf poor idra , with saying `` lets not talk about imbalance '' the interviewer took the whole point off the interview ... idra 4 champion, 
  yes , seen some on the webpage we do n't talk about ( rule 1 & 2 ), 
  i would take that, 
  woah i just thought about going to bed , but now i consider grabbing a beer as an option ... 
  i confirm that, 
  yes nice one ... oo top post on r/sc, 
  do n't know how to start a vote ... 
  we answer `` hello good sir ! '', 
  after identifying one , 
  hello good narwhal , i will transform you into bacon at midnight, 
  seen this on kotaku quite a while ago , but it 's a gem never the less, 
  when all urinals are occupied in a public place it 's not uncommon to just go into a stall , leave the door open and pee in the toilet whilst standing , lifting the toilet seat first of course ... ( german here , i 'm not a sitzpinkler , 
  enter `` smells like '' in google and feel ashamed of the internet ... 
  here in germany nobody uses checks anymore ... 
  i think you got me wrong , i 'm sorry . 
  i was talking about the suggested search terms , google suggests `` smells like ** team ** spirit '' ... 
  so maybe only the german version of google is corrupted ... 
  upgoat, 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  i 've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can . 
  can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that ? 
  my guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want , it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  [ one of san francisco which was posted here before ] ( http://www.abload.de/img/san_francisco_in_ruin_niui.jpg ) i used my standart hoster , idk if imgur can handle the resolution . 
  that big spark was probably produced when you went on to the heating cycle , since the heating process takes a whole lot of power ... 
  i have seen one around with chinese or japan letters just saying `` foreigner '' . 
  the guy got it in china and was told it means something awesome ^ ^, 
  we here in germany call this double-damage ( at least where i usually go for a drink ... or two ) . 
  til my watch has iiii instad of iv :, 
  disregard american beer , acquire hacker-pschorr !, 
  nice job , but would it not be possible to take the input form the button just the same way you took the input form the pressure plates , just on level higher ( leaving out the block underneath the button ) ? 
  also i just built a red stone lab since i study electronics and information technology and want to practice ^ ^ . 
  sadly there is no way to build all those things smaller ( i 'm used to using a hell load of d-flipflops ) . 
  notch should allow you to craft all the standart logic gates from redstone into a 1 block size , like or nor xor and not and all sorts of flip flops ... 
  i 'm thinking about building a 7 segment display based calculator and a 4 digit security lock system for doors : , 
  also , do you use [ mcredstonesim ] ( http://www.minecraftforum.net/viewtopic.php?f=25&amp;t=17924 ) ? 
  i 's a pretty decent help in designing circuits ... 
  read tl ; dr , upvote for being happy with minecraft . 
  yea but i do n't know how he would include that in the current input system , i think he would have to use a additional menu for that . 
  also , straight up connections would rock ^ ^, 
  wtf here in germany nearly no isps have a cap , you really have a full flatrate here , except the upload speed issue here ( youu usually only have 1/10 of your dl in upload ) . 
  first thing i did after installing minecraft and starting to play was to setup a backup job for my . minecraft folder on my qnap nas . 
  daily .
