  someone in my resistance has 7 . 
  they are n't rare , just go to any farming event of your faction . 
  i case you , like me , did n't know what he meant by jdm hood prop , it 's [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xw5d0kx.jpg ) . 
  and i agree , you definitely need this . 
  i think it 's just a longer bolt on the back hinges with washers for the distance , so it 's always a bit open . 
  i assume opening would work as usual . 
  some say it actually helps with engine temperature , [ this article ] ( http://www.importtuner.com/tech/impp_0909_jdm_hood_prop/ ) claims 13 \u00b0 f cooler engine . 
  that is exactly why he needs that on his car . 
  put on a second exhaust on the other side , but make sure you have 2 completely different exhausts on the car . 
  also do n't connect the 2nd one to anything . 
  still get the wheel covers , zip-tie them to the alloys . 
  i like it , added to . bashrc, 
  i want to retrofit bluetooth handsfree on my bmw , but my dealer tells me i ca n't because i already have the usb audio interface . 
  i think he 's wrong , though . 
  i love your tracks and the fact that you are active on reddit . 
  amen . 
  but i live in germany , it 's not that bad here because they are a lot more common here . 
  why is `` pairs '' in quotes ? 
  idk how loud that hole is , but i could see myself not hearing it because of music . 
  if the guy behind me would n't honk then i would probably also not notice the hole ( if it is n't louder than my music ) . 
  european here , can not confirm . 
  why not the foam ear canal ones ? 
  i find they work better . 
  how many slices do you cut yours in ? 
  that seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  i actually like that cut . 
  there is nothing funny about this . 
  you literally just installed it and searched `` the cloud '' on google ... 
  what 's the best way to defend against a dog that is attacking you ? 
  kick it in the head ? 
  you 're probably liable for a lawsuit if someone slips on that . 
  you are right , he should do that , that should fix it . 
  we should have a flair for this here . 
  audio quality enthusiasts all over the world shudder in disgust . 
  that 's more expensive the pretty much any sports car or limousine . 
  it 's also got bigger rims . 
  you order 1 appetizer for 2 ppl ? 
  edit : i did n't know appetizers were usually pretty huge in the us . 
  i assumed they were like hors d'\u0153uvre . 
  that 's probably an american thing then , sorry . 
  i understood appetizers as a small dish which you eat before the main course , like some beef carpaccio or quail breasts . 
  i hate unplugged shows . 
  yes , that 's probably the case . 
  we do n't have the american kind of appetizers for several people here . 
  i did n't know that , i just assumed appetizers were like hors d'\u0153uvre . 
  oh i assumed it would be more expensive than that . 
  how do i change my security question without knowing the answer ? 
  the muscles are in your forearm and work the fingers using tendrons . 
  you can still strengthen the muscles that work your fingers . 
  seriously . 
  i learned it like 2 threads back , but it still blew my mind . 
  craft 2 pieces of aughild , usually bracer + shoulder . 
  that is more like what i would have expected a combine to cost . 
  thanks . 
  yes , they are the best small car you can get . 
  proper build quality , nice engines , and fucking rear-wheel drive !, 
  can you take a driving test in a car with automatic transmission where you live ? 
  that sub is satire . 
  it 's satire , lighten up . 
  actually siri gets the data from there . 
  i can also recommend vogler . 
  i prefer the newer mvg app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.swm.mvgfahrinfo.muenchen, 
  you can even buy tickets in the app and use your phone as a ticket . 
  i just added myself , i 'll very likely be there . 
  yeah , you wo n't get into a club wearing a softshell jacket here . 
  it 's usually dress related . 
  did you wear outdoor stuff like soft-shell jackets / typical north-face stuff ? 
  or sports shoes ? 
  you wo n't get in like that . 
  i can recommend sound isolating in-ears . 
  i use them on public transport all the time : [ shure se-215 ] ( http://www.shure.com/americas/products/earphones-headphones/se-earphones/se215-sound-isolating-earphones ) . 
  you can just put them in and use them as ear plugs , or put some music on them . 
  it 's very relaxing to have quiet music and no other sounds around you . 
  i recommend chill stuff like deep house or some trip hop . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  you now have to dispose of it . 
  items that have entered the tainted waters once can never be cleansed . 
  does n't your radio have a tp/ta feature ? 
  you can usually turn the radio off or listen to music from other sources , but when the traffic anouncements are on it switches to radio . 
  i usually listen to music from a usb stick , but i still get all the traffic info . 
  even the radio in my first car had that feature , and that was a wv polo mk3 with a tape deck . 
  in europe the carts are [ chained to each other ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gu0aodj.jpg ) , if you want one you have to insert 50ct / 1 $ which you get back when you return the cart . 
  yes !, 
  i have a das keyboard ( do n't hate , also i actually like the shiny black ) at home and i like it so much i got myself another mechanical for work . 
  your dorms do n't have kitchens ? 
  what do you eat then ? 
  do you eat at university every day ? 
  in mine every room has a small 2 burner stove , a sink next to it and a refrigerator . 
  also , why is his name abreviated on the door bell ? 
  i 've seen someone who used these things to all label his cds whith his name , thereby ultimately destroying his cd drive due to the uncentered weight . 
  germany . 
  but where / what do you eat then ? 
  do you only buy ready to eat stuff ? 
  same goes for handing in my bachelor 's thesis . 
  knowing that i then had about a month of really free time until i started my master 's at a different university . 
  for me right now it 's using my new car . 
  getting , in smelling the leather , sitting down in the sports seats and then pressing that ` start engine ' button . 
  that 's a case of [ ras syndrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ras_syndrome ) . 
  dat data density . 
  you could probably read the data with a compass .
