  wtf , how can a hyundai be an upgrade , did she reserve a hoverboard ? 
  i had that happen as well . 
  i was stapling a lecture script i just printed and the stapler just refused . 
  i threw i away and ordered [ leitz 5549 ] ( http://www.leitz.com/en-nu/products/plier-leitz-5549--40-sheets-back-loader_55490081/ ) stapling pliers . 
  they are indestructible and sooo nice to use . 
  i 'll never go back to a desk stapler . 
  i do n't watch sports usually . 
  some friends asked if i wanted to come watch it in a big beerhall here in munich . 
  i watched it , and the total devastation was glorious . 
  we used volleyballs . 
  have a look at [ pathfinder society ] ( http://paizo.com/pathfindersociety ) . 
  very interested in this myself . 
  if anyone know of a place that sells it , ping me as well . 
  i know , this is insulting to hyundai . 
  arma helicopter gunning . 
  you 're probably right , it even has an arrow on the housing pointing the other direction . 
  uuuh , the butthurt of the pin wearers is strong . 
  but you can tell a contractor where you want a building , does n't matter if you cat is currently in that spot or not . 
  someone will surely shoo it away before pouring the foundation ... 
  no , i liked you post , i was referencing the people downvoting you . 
  being german , about 90 % of what i drink is carbonated mineral water . 
  this is just the normal thing to do here . 
  i do n't have any problems with it , ama . 
  some more info : here we buy the water in standardized cases of standardized , reusable glass bottles . 
  a case of water looks like [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/l5vph8e.jpg ) and contains 12 bottles , 0.7 l each . 
  the bottles look like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/normflasche-1.jpg ) ( if you remove the labes ) and are made from thick glass . 
  each bottle is reused about 50 times before it 's worn out . 
  there is a standard deposit on both the bottles and the cases , and ( pretty much ) every supermarket takes these bottles and cases back . 
  i do n't know , but i do n't have any problems , so fine i guess ? 
  i had some while over there , was kinda hard to find at the supermarket , and it tasted kinda sour , as if they added some lemon . 
  i personally find tap water or other still waters like volvic or evian to taste plain ( duh ) , carbonated mineral water is a lot more refreshing imho . 
  the weird thing is , i only like highly carbonated water , if it has gone flat or if it 's a medium water it can fuck right off . 
  i prefer still water to kinda flat carbonated water any day . 
  i had carbonated water in the us once , and it tasted totally different from carbonated water here . 
  my go-to brand is [ adelholzner ] ( https://www.adelholzener.de/ ) , i typically have 2-3 cases of 0.7 l glass bottles at home . 
  an internationally sold carbonated water that tastes ok is san pellegrino . 
  stay strong and keep enjoying superior beverages . 
  you think so ? 
  even some generic brands here taste about the same as sp . 
  i find the bottle makes a big difference , i typically only buy glass bottle water . 
  only for water i will take with me will i get plastic bottles . 
  i really dislike those . 
  they seem to go flat so quickly , and they feel so wobbly . 
  are they really cheaper per litre ? 
  1 glas ? 
  also the only nation to call a white rocket with a red tip the `` black arrow '' . 
  if it had mad hydraulics it would be perfectly level ... 
  edit :, 
  also , their offtopic podcast . 
  esdf master race . 
  keeps your fingers aligned for touch typing , also gives you more reachable buttons around your movement keys to bind stuff to . 
  why would they arrest people at a planned and announced demonstration and charge them ? 
  this is really weird . 
  here in germany you do n't have to pay if you attend a scheduled demonstration ... 
  also , what else do they need in the cloud space ? 
  the cloud is always going to run on hardware . 
  there is no cloud , there is just somebody else 's pc . 
  the cloud is a market for server cpus , which intel makes . 
  i do n't see them entering in the cloud software market . 
  how would this be a felony exactly ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  the sound and performance are extraordinary , but the front to me just looks as if the car has a few too many chromosomes . 
  photoshop ? 
  it 's kind of weird that the fortress is at the foot of a hill . 
  usually they are on top of hills , for visibility and additional defendability . 
  like this attackers could set up camp on the hill and bombard inside the fortress easily . 
  ofc . 
  when i park at university and i overestimated the time it takes me to do stuff there i always take my ticket and put it on the ticket machine before i drive off . 
  if you can get it , get thomas henry tonic . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  deutsche spacecargo ? 
  are they serious ? 
  why mix german and english in the name ... 
  deutsche is as far as i know only used in deutsche bank , where it makes sense , since that 's also their name in german , as bank is a german word as well . 
  also , deutsche lufthansa makes sense , as it 's a german brand name . 
  star alliance is a different entitiy , which lufthansa is part of , it 's not their own name . 
  if you want the equivalent to american you 'd use german in that case . 
  hnnnng, 
  should probably extract all the content from it and save it as a file . 
  i bet it 's some kind of media file . 
  it should be about 1.6 mb of binary data . 
  it 's not about that , it 's that to me as a german that name sounds riddiculously bad . 
  swiss army knife ? 
  those keys are n't spring loaded , which is pretty much the key feature of a swiss army knife compared to other folding knifes ... 
  it 's not that i 'm upset about it , i just find that name silly and probably would n't join that squad . 
  germany here . 
  beer and wine are legal at 14 if you are with your parents , 16 on your own . 
  at 18 you get access to liquour . 
  it 's working out fine here . 
  nah , my eyes are the exact same color wise ... 
  i mean , the different tools are held closed or open by springs . 
  of course there are springs in victorinox knifes . 
  just because they are not coiled does n't mean they are not springs . 
  the `` backside '' of the knife that presses against the tools and makes them snap is spring steel . 
  of course there are springs in victorinox knifes . 
  just because they are not coiled does n't mean they are not springs . 
  the `` backside '' of the knife that presses against the tools and makes them snap is spring steel . 
  i 'm german as well . 
  by your reaction it seems like i hit a sore spot . 
  i bet the sillyness of it is bothering you as well , you just do n't want to admit it .
