  precasting havoc for fixed timing spawns is also an idea that had n't occured to me , thanks for the suggestion !, 
  since it lasts for 15 seconds and has a 20 sec cooldown that could really provide quite a nice boost . 
  i have mouseover macros for both shadowburn and havoc , both with the option to cast on current target if no mouseover target is found . 
  i did want to make shadowburn a stopcast macro , but i somehow seem to have forgotten to do that , thanks for the reminder . 
  as for teleport , i try to copy the locations our more experienced wl places his portals at , and i 'm still in the process for forcing myself to use it more . 
  one more question , once an add like the fire orb spawns , to you apply immolate to it as well ? 
  all i see is `` cryanair '' . 
  really ? 
  they were fairly easy on my paladin . 
  hardest was dps on warlock . 
  dps was a lot easier on frost mage . 
  easiest i did was heal on shaman , though . 
  the reason for that 670 req could be that the raid leader is on a twink or something that only has 670 . 
  people with experience will often build groups to carry their twinks , and imho there is nothing inherently wrong with it , it 's your responsibility to see if you want to raid with that guy or not . 
  you should always check the group leader on wowprogress / armory . 
  but reading third party guides that tell you where to find stuff in that fantasy world does n't feel like cheating to you ? 
  that 's a pretty hypocritical standpoint you have there . 
  tanaan objectives until you have everything exalted , predator title , and the corrupted dreadwing . 
  that is the thing to do . 
  just get the class trinket , that takes care of that . 
  except for the pit mission from the garisson . 
  he should be on the lookout for that one . 
  nice so see . 
  that was really overdue . 
  i grew to hate that mission when i had everything else done and was just waiting for it to finally come around . 
  took 2 weeks iirc . 
  i do n't think serious raiding on cellular network is really an option ... 
  i know , but they might still be good . 
  for example , for destruction warlocks the goren soul repository from brf mythic is still a bis item in some fights even in mythic hfc . 
  it 's usually not about the bandwidth , i 'd be more concered with the stability . 
  depending where you are you might experience a fair bit of packet loss which wow is pretty bad at handling . 
  soooo sad that is gone . 
  wow , super artikel , danke !, 
  ~ ~ the addon does n't care about group names . 
  it just searches for groups with auto accept on different realms . ~ ~, 
  see / u/woopza 's post . 
  apparently you can get the addon to ignore your group by including one of the blacklisted terms . 
  i 've always really liked the aesthetics of shadowfang keep . 
  it also brings back memories . 
  me leveling my first character , undead warrior , stumbling upon that place , not even knowing about the concept of instances . 
  does it only check the title or does it check the description as well ? 
  that game was really good , but baldurs gate is the archetypical party rpg . 
  where in germany do you live ? 
  i 've never heard someone say limone . 
  found the d & d player . 
  i was under the impression that it 's a fairly archaic word only used in medieval or fantasy settings . 
  then again english is n't my first language . 
  looks so much better without a rail . 
  would be even nice if there was no support on the right side , the stairs only mounted to the wall , [ like this . 
  wow , someone is really butthurt about their low ilvl . 
  this really is n't the point of this subreddit . 
  it also violates the subreddit rules . 
  ** s a f e s p a c e **, 
  yes , but is the word widely known ? 
  could i expect the average american to know what a shillelagh is ? 
  are there any alternatives for people that do n't use kde ? 
  i personally prefer i3 / dwm or gnome . 
  do n't forget to revoke the google account access permissions . 
  you can do that [ here ] ( https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions?pli=1 ) . 
  that is an emision tag . 
  in europe many cities have low-emision areas which you are only allowed to enter in vehicles that meet certain emission regulations . 
  vechicles are categorized red / orange / green . 
  some more info on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/low-emission_zone#europe ) . 
  basically any car in germany has one of these , in either red , orange or green . 
  yep . 
  as long as you still have the license plates that are specified on the tag . 
  otherwise you would need to get a new sticker along with your new plates . 
  i meant if you ever wanted to drive in a low emision zone in germany . 
  tbh , i ca n't recommend joining a guild enough . 
  and by that i do n't mean one of those guilds that just invite everyone , because there is usually no real social life in there . 
  join a `` real '' guild that has guild activities , voice chat etc. 
  inside these guilds the community is usually tighly knit and very friendly . 
  you should really post your region and faction , maybe some guild will carry you . 
  eredar eu is basically completely horde . 
  two of my characters each need two more tomes to get their legendary rings ... 
  yes , that 's that sticker . 
  yes , mythic raids use the old lockout id system . 
  i do n't know if that is still the case , but afaik there was a loophole where they ca n't fine you if your car is parked in a green zone , only if they see you driving it . 
  move wasd over one letter to the right to esdf , so much more room for activites . 
  2 . bind s and f to strafe instead of turn , nobody needs turn keys . 
  now bind your frequently used abilites on aq12345tgwr . 
  bind stuff to your mouse , i recommend a logitech g600 as it has a lot of buttons and they are shaped in a way that makes using them very intuitive . 
  nice , have n't really kept up with any of this stuff , used to watch him back when he started playing minecraft . 
  why would you censor the names on the chat , but not on the `` sober up '' message ? 
  ah , the elusive * clusterfuck ui * . 
  please remove that redbull macro , it 's just beyond tacky . 
  i 'm doing cm with a few ppl from my guild . 
  we 've finished bloodmaul slag mines and auchindoun so far . 
  on saturday we 'll try everbloom again , out best try so far was about 10 sec too slow for gold . 
  for getting started you could look into challenge mode gear for your class and spec , especially trinkets can make a big difference . 
  i 'm still trying to find a copeland 's clarity ... 
  there is only one type of trader available each day . 
  today on eu that is the herb trader . 
  you can check that on wowhead in the `` today on draenor '' sidebar . 
  also , to find those traders if you do n't have them in your garrison just open the custom group finder , there are usually several groups named after the trader in which you can find them . 
  be sure to maybe drop the host a few gold as a thank you . 
  lfr rewards valor , not honor . 
  does that work in challenge mode ? 
  that 's a very nice ` something broke ' screen :d . 
  after doing hfc hc with my guild yesterday nearly the whole group singed up for archi lfr .
