  for more than a semester he had an entire rear axle assembly including suspension in the trunk / folded rear seat . 
  every time we rode in his car we would make jokes about being prepared for the worst kind of breakdown . 
  conflict ( content ) : merge conflict in dick_driver . audi, 
  automatic merge failed ; fix conflicts and then commit the result . 
  yes , a huge suv swerved into my lane before making a turn yesterday , had to slam the brakes and honk . 
  the lady looked at me like i 'm the asshole for honking at her . 
  here in germany it 's legal to signal your desire to overtake by flashing your headlights or even honking , as long as you still keep the proper safety distance and are outside of city limits . 
  i prefer to flash my headlights rather than driving closer , but it seems most people see that as aggressive . 
  come to germany , i 'd say blinkers are used in 80-90 % of the situations they are required in . 
  living in a rural area i did n't use it much , but i 've become a pro at it since moving to munich . 
  i 've been in the situation multiple times where people give up trying to get into a spot with their compact car and i fit my wagon in no problem . 
  how to mount and use snow chains . 
  here in southern germany we usually get quite a bit of snow in winter and snow chains have been very helpful several times . 
  if you drive over to austria there are even roads that require you to carry them . 
  our driver 's ed is very good in most things , but that is one point that is n't really talked about at all . 
  the suction from the air passing outside probably helped there . 
  why is he downvoted for clearly stating a bad habit ? 
  itt people posting legitimate bad habits and get downvoted because it 's unsafe . 
  a lot of driving topics going on in askreddit right now . 
  bmw driver here . 
  everyone immediately assumes you are an asshole driver . 
  they are only partially right . 
  there 's probably quite a bit of confirmation bias in there . 
  like , a dude in a honda honks at you for no reason ? 
  that guy is an asshole . 
  a bmw cuts you off ? 
  bmw drivers are assholes . 
  as someone living in giesing , i can highly recommend that brewery . 
  i have n't had a tour there yet , but i 've had my fair share of their beer and i have eaten there a few times . 
  pah !, 
  exploring ? 
  there really are n't any ` electronics ' in between the layers ^ 1 , just routing to different points . 
  the gpu itself for example is connected to the circuit board using something called a bga or ball grid array . 
  that means it more than a thousand soldered connections to the board on the underside of the chip . 
  each of those connections needs to go somewhere , which is why they are fanned out on different layers . 
  in case of a 980 it 's 12 layers of pcb i think . 
  [ 1 ] * in a few rare cases there are simple elements like resistors in there , but not in typical consumer products . 
  try blind or burried vias , that 's when the fun starts ... 
  i prefer altium designer or , if not available , kicad . 
  maybe he is on a paid plan . 
  it 's for when someone is in the lane in front of you and could move to the right to let you overtake . 
  ideally they would move to the right lane on their own , but sometimes they need a little reminder . 
  post in your student dorm 's facebook page that you 'd like to go to ikea . 
  there is always someone that also needs stuff , and someone usually has a car . 
  i got the official [ bmw mobility kit ] ( http://www.shopbmwusa.com/product/342/bmw-mobility-kit ) . 
  it was a lot cheaper here ( i think i paid $ 54 for it or something ) . 
  i like the nice bmw bag it comes in , and it also has different nozzles for stuff like inflating balls or bike tires . 
  during the merge ? 
  i think that wo n't help . 
  there must have been some kind of mixup in the some room assignment thing . 
  for a whole semester , during our fields and wave propagation class in my ee master 's , there would always be a few girls from the architecture department that would come in , usually with models or rolls of construction paper in their hands , walk in , look somewhat bewildered at endless chalkboards full of equations , turn around and leave . 
  most staggering to me is that some of them did n't notice for an extended period of time . 
  one girl sat in the first row and was surfing on her smartphone for about 20 minutes before looking up , realizing that this was not , in fact , an architecture class , and getting up to leave . 
  how old are you ? 
  that is kind of fucked up imho . 
  18 and locked in at home ? 
  that is really weird . 
  are they just worried ? 
  how about letting you drive around ? 
  you can play ingress in a car just fine . 
  for college , do try to move out . 
  it will very likely be a radical change for you , but you 'll love it . 
  that is breathtaking . 
  a very good tip i heard on the roosterteeth podcast from someone who flies several times a week :, 
  if you 're at a layover and your flight gets cancelled , go straight to your airline 's admiral/vip/whatever club and pay the entry free . 
  it 's usually $ 50 - $ 100 . 
  in there there are attendants that will get you the best alternative flight available , and that quickly , without having to wait in line at the now usually overused regular terminals . 
  also , chances are you are staying at that airport for at least a couple of hours , so you can use that place to relax . 
  they typically have great wifi as well . 
  when i started university i bought a brother hl2250 dn black and white laser , probably one of the best decisions i made . 
  it was n't that expensive , it 's a network printer , it has a duplexer unit and a refill toner for 5300 pages is $ 15 . 
  the driver is small , comes without any bloatware and just works . 
  i also love that the paper tray holds about a full 500 pack of paper , so you do n't have to constantly refill it . 
  i think that model is n't available anymore , but i 'm sure they have a followup model . 
  edit : looks like the current itteration of that printer is called [ hl-l2300d ] ( http://www.amazon.com/brother-hl-l2300d-monochrome-printer-printing/dp/b00nq1clti/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1457710001&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=brother+laser+black ) for the wired model , and [ hl-l22340dw ] ( http://www.amazon.com/brother-hl-l2340dw-monochrome-wireless-printing/dp/b00lzs5eei/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1457710097&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=brother+laser+black+hl+l2340 ) for the wireless version . 
  or get a home black and white laser and print for like $ 0.005 per page . 
  as most have suggested he should be looking into laser printers anyway . 
  the consensus is that brother are the most economical home laser printers , and all their models come with automated duplexer units . 
  i love them . 
  the only gripe i have with them is that on the 100 % black sheets the black is not 100 % black , which causes my black/white laser printer to slightly dither them ... 
  lovely . 
  wow , just wow . 
  we never called ourselves engineers until we had our degree . 
  love it , but the swords definitely need to be reachable while driving . 
  how are you going to do drive-by decapitations like that ? 
  the way to go is to use a trustworthy tech press outlet as a middle man . 
  never mind that , the holder looks like it was stolen from a 70 's bar restroom . 
  also , that caulk is fucked . 
  manufacturing tolerances mostly . 
  some also incorporate additional safety features . 
  there is a m somewhere if it 's muted iirc . 
  you can just stay on the regular brake . 
  as i 've stated in the post , i do have swap and it was n't full . 
  the problem was / tmp was too small , as it 's on tmpfs and defaults to 50 % ram size which is 500mb . 
  i have then had a brainfart and instead of disabling tmpfs for / tmp i increased it 's size to 2gb , which is larger than the ram on the pi , so it now wo n't boot . 
  i 'll have to edit fstab when i get home so it can boot again . 
  cp - p, 
  preserves permissions . 
  native zfs . 
  yes , that 's what i do right now , but then i 'll have to kill that and start yaourt again .
