  i love when it snows those really fat flakes . 
  i feel like it also makes it even more quite outside . 
  the loose snow and flakes in the air probably dampen sound . 
  i 'm lucky since i can get to work by underground train without ever leaving the tunnels . 
  it takes a little longer than the other public transport routes available , but it 's completely independent of any weather influence . 
   minimal `` production pressure '', 
  except from dodge marketing apparently ... 
  that is a fake novelty plate , not a real registration . 
  you must be new to eggs . 
  this is actually quite common . 
  chinese fake bmw you mean . 
  i usually get them when i buy l or xl eggs . 
  i had an xl egg carton in which 4 of 6 had double yolks . 
  i 'm german and i had a nice leather wallet with a swiss cross on it . 
  quite a few people commented on it and i always said i got it from my bank . 
  the libraries at tum were always perfectly quiet . 
  idk , libraray = quiet seems to be really ingrained here . 
  you get deathstares if you phone is on vibrate and makes that vibrate noise ... 
  that would most definitely get you thrown out immediately here . 
  i seems you have not known the pain that is ibm sametime . 
  it 's perfect imho . 
  no , not at all . 
  also , public transport city buses here in europe are very different from what i 've seen in the states . 
  it 's different here in munich . 
  sounded pretty good that thing . 
  ask [ caliban ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpilbuwdhak ) , they probably know . 
  `` why is my food too salty ?! '', 
  - `` you 're holding it wront ! '', 
  renzi is a bavarian cow name . 
  heh , that was my modus operandi as well . 
  somehow it all worked out in the end . 
  still not sure how i did that ... 
  station name code . 
   fixed it by changing network adapter in vm settings . 
  what do you mean by that , how do i change that ? 
  i want the vm to be on that network adapter . 
  this fixed it , thank you !, 
  i changed it directly in the gui , however , same thing . 
  was ?!, 
  that feel when ryzen will be slower than skylake cpus . 
  sports bet shops . 
  hopefully, 
  what ? 
  have you ever been hit in the balls ? 
  opposite perspective is , when i 'm on public transport i 'm reading and i often do n't register my environment at all , to the point where i sometimes miss stops . 
  it is very possible that i have missed people whom i would normally offer a seat simply because i do not pay attention to who gets on / off . 
  do you add anything special apart from egg , cream , spices , garlic and cheese ? 
  also , resolution is by far not everything . 
  bitrate is where it 's at . 
  is that a gigantic indoor grill in picture 5 ? 
  we do n't have cubicles at work . 
  we have large open rooms with tables in u shapes , typically 4 engineers per u. 
  still using it , but will probably replace it with an iphone 7 plus in early 2017 , since the price of the flagship google phones has now reached iphone prices and apple 's hardware is just unquestionably nicer . 
  if you want a really cool rtc like experience on pcs , give `` parkitect '' a try . 
  i prefer it over planet coaster . 
  of course , but parkitect is imho the best modern game that really manages to capture the rtc spirit . 
  i have used this app for years on android and windows ( pro account allows you to stream in any browser anywhere ) , and have now also installed it on my new ipad . 
  this app is one of the best pieces of software i 've ever used . 
  even with the usb c anker that is designed to fast charge the mac book ? 
  because this model says specifically it will charge the 2015 + mac book models at 29w over usb c power delivery , so this seems to me as if they integrated the apple 29w charger tech . 
  what kinda irks me about plex is that for the features i really want ( download stuff for offline viewing ) i would need plex pass , which is nearly as expensive as netflix . 
  r&d at a german company that does pretty much everything hf . 
  i personally am 50/50 fpga developer and system integrator . 
  that 's the subway military . 
  buy [ parkitect ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/453090/ ) if you 've ever played roller coaster tycoon you will love it . 
  ok that kinda sucks . 
  problem with using a different messenger is that i would need to get everyone else to switch , too . 
  does it turn on while connected to a charger ? 
  yes , but do n't you understand , everything apple is literally made by the devil . 
  oh let me just make everything black , that 'll be awesome and original ... / s, 
  the iphone says no sim , wifi ? 
  oh , right . 
  i bet that 's easy to clean ... 
  that is what i thought as well when i saw it . 
  without a hard shell , how is it any better than a bag ? 
  r&s cmw270 does everything you need and more . 
   i must not fear . 
   fear is the mind-killer . 
   fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration . 
   i will face my fear . 
   i will permit it to pass over me and through me . 
   and when it has gone past i will turn the inner eye to see its path . 
   where the fear has gone there will be nothing . 
   only i will remain . 
  meh , if you ca n't feel the bass you 're at the wrong party anyways . 
  and i judge you for likely being a technologically challenged shut-in . 
  also love the more relaxed stuff for driving . 
  etherwood or lots of stuff my london elektricity . 
  also great for work imho . 
  at work or at home , all right . 
  but ask your desktop which is the best subway to take home right now , at the bar , at 4 am . 
  smartphones excel when you are out and about , like on holiday , or evenings . 
  i 've personally never met anyone that bought a smartphone and then after using it for a while said `` this is dumb , let me just use my old phone again '' . 
   there is absolutely 0 reason i would be anywhere at 4am thats not work or home . 
  live a little, 
   and if im on holiday i dont want to be disturbed by all this clickbaity app crap . 
  it 's entirely your call what you install on the smartphone . 
  if you want to use it soleley as a tool you can do that no problem . 
  it 's from frank herbert 's * dune * . 
  great book .
