  other than that :, 
  i like [ oliva ] ( http://www.meinoliva.de/ ) , it 's a small chain in munich , there 's on in schellingstra\u00dfe near the univeristy subway stop , and another on in the m\u00fcnchner freiheit stop . 
  [ augusten imbiss ] ( http://www.yelp.de/biz/augusten-imbiss-m%c3%bcnchen ) near the tum is also a good one . 
  i 'd be in for a d\u00f6ner tasting . 
  yes , there a quite a few . 
  i really like them because they make fresh bread and have really fresh salad , including carrots and arugula . 
  do you know any place in munich that sells beef d\u00f6ner ? 
  all i 've found so far only sell chicken . 
  haxnd\u00f6ner ? 
  haxnbauer is good , but more expensive than equally good places . 
  ok , fuck , i need to go there again . 
  munich is germany 's biggest village . 
  some of those are new to me , got ta try them . 
  only correction is that hans in gl\u00fcck burgers are pretty meh , try [ hamburgerei ] ( http://www.hamburgerei.de/ ) , which is not far away , but better by orders of magnitude . 
  also you forgot probably the best italian restaurant in munich , [ bobby 's pizza ] ( http://www.bobbys-muenchen.de/ ) , they reopen this monday after some minor renovation . 
  oops you 're right , but you have to admit , for burgers it 's superior , 
  maybe it 's german , then you could leave it like that . 
  * tries to eat, 
  e90 on h&r s , engage internet fist bump . 
  that is one gorgeous machine . 
  what ever you do , take some pictures and post them here . 
  i 'd recommend going with a brother laser , cheaper toner and device , same quality printing . 
  i have brother hl-2250dn , which features ethernet and built-in duplex printing . 
  it came with a 700 page toner installed , i printed a little over 1000 pages with , just replaced it yesterday . 
  never had a single problem so far . 
  nice , i personally prefer the pre-lci grills with the chrome trim over the new one , might upgrade to those lights at some point as well . 
  why did n't you upgrade to xenon hid lights while you were at it ? 
  i know , you need the leveling , which is built-in to the headlights iirc and the washing system . 
  but when you are already dissembling the front i personally would have gone for that . 
  on a different note , what did you pay for the leds ? 
  i 've looked at getting those , but they were quite pricey and also not street legal here . 
  they have made themselves a reputation as a no-bullshit printer brand . 
  their drivers are another great example , they do n't bundle any application with it , you just install it and your printer works , without any bloat . 
  tegernseer is alwas the right decision . 
  yep , that 's the one i would recommend as well . 
  oh yes , wanted to buy some yesterday , was sold out . 
  that 's the downside of a traditional brewery . 
  i currently substitute it with schneider weisse . 
  i also love zwickl during the summer heat , hacker pschorr is pretty good . 
  we usually have a petromax 500hk with us when we go camping , the glass becomes so hot many insects die when touching it . 
  we usually put it on a table a few meters away from where we sit . 
  next morning there 's usually a circle of death around it . 
  i guess that 's what halt and catch fire is going for . 
  except they want to use an lcd screen in the series . 
  if you 're at a festival you usually start drinking when you get up and keep on steadily going throughout the day , so 20 cans of 0.5 l is definitely doable . 
  ruin leather seats . 
  who has speakers in the office ? 
  that would seriously annoy the coworkers . 
  i 'm in . 
  are you a university student ? 
  the eduroam wifi is available in the whole inner city now . 
  eduroam has been expanded and now covers the whole inner city between stachus , isartor and sendlinger tor . 
  did the same thing when i got my bmw . 
  my mom thought it was strange , my dad got in the passenger seat and played with the gps to see if it 's better than on his merc . 
  yes , that 's what it means . 
  yes . 
  do n't all cars roll down the windows when you hold down the unlock button on the remote ? 
  that 's pretty weak , even my old '95 merc did that out of the box . 
  also , they named it vag-com ? 
  really ? 
  well i have a e91 with the big ccc professional gps , he has a w204 , but only with the small gps , so the nav display on mine is far better , however the merc one is easier to use in some cases , for example when you want to navigate to a point of interest like a restaurant . 
  there is a top gear episode on that . 
  also tire squaring drifts , nobody has traction control or anti-lock breaks . 
  that place does not look like `` nice dinner '' to me . 
  oh , i missed that one . 
  carry on then . 
  it 's too long and stiff i suppose . 
  would get stuck and damaged all the time in hilly terrain . 
  are there any photos of the inside of this truck , or similar trucks with the split cabins ? 
  those tires are trying to insulate , but this is probably over the break-through voltage , so they only act as a resistor . 
  and resistors become hot . 
  worth it : wmf cutlery and pots . 
  i have n't progressed this idea further yet . 
  i do n't get the hate on too sexy characters . 
  imho this new version is quite tomboyish . 
  my favorite kind of weather . 
  oh yes , a holiday residence we stayed at had these , now i want an apartment with central vac . 
  you can probably also just use sugar and water , should dilute easier . 
  i honestly have never thought about any of those things . 
  then again i live in a very safe neighborhood in germany ... 
  sugar in the fridge ? 
  i use voss to cool my laptop , i even use it in my cars radiator . 
  well , i live in a student dorm , but you can see my pc and monitors and tv from the outside . 
  however , to get into my apartment you would have to either climb 2 stories on the outside wall or get through several locked doors to even get on my floor , then break the security door on my apartment . 
  i also drive around with somewhat loud music , but i park in the dorm 's underground carpark and my bmw is n't the most expensive car there by far . 
  what would you ever use speakers for at work ? 
  at least where i work nobody would tolerate someone using speaker to listen to music etc. 
  you mean like an extension cord so you do n't have to crawl under the desk ? 
  that kinds makes sense i suppose . 
  i personally use my phone + headphones for music at work , as i do n't want to copy music onto the work pcs . 
  edit : woosh, 
  i prefer fisherman 's friend original extra strong ( white pack ) . 
  we have chevrolets everywhere , tons of chevrolet dealers here in germany , do n't know what you 're getting at with that . 
  also notice the small 'm ' , which stands for milli , big 'm ' is mega . 
  ^ ( images compyright swm / mvg / n+p industrial design ), 
  [ usb logo ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fd/usb_icon.svg/1000px-usb_icon.svg.png ) , the proportions and lines of the side arms are kind of wonky on yours , also the middle line is n't straight . 
  what 's the significance to you ? 
  did you work on it 's development ? 
  it 's the logo of some interface standard which will become obsolete at some point . 
  it looks like you can probably just lift the door up and out of the hinges .
