  i like the chrome . 
  i think in the us chrome has come to be associated with cheap tricked out ricer cars and that 's why so many people dislike it ... 
  it 's an older meme but it checks out . 
  should have had it in the wall ... 
  `` m.sc . 
  keep it out of the sun !, 
  i really dislike fans if they are not absolutely necessary . 
  passive cooling should be more than enough . 
  fire extinguishers are not mandatory here in germany . 
  porsche panamera i think . 
  he did n't show the process of it actually printing ... 
  i am somewhat disappointed ... 
   it 's so underwhelming that i was going to have a dramatic fanfare play as it completed . 
  see , that is what i wanted to see . 
  videos of underwhelming objects and processes is that your channel excels at . 
  also , i 'm very honored by your reply to my comment . 
  adding that title to your name in your cv really does feel good , 
   health content, 
  nice , my zuni + helltooth wd is currentl at 62 . 
  my survivability seems adequate , but i seem to be lacking damage . 
  in the nice neighborhoods those cars are in the underground car parks ... 
  here in germany it 's 2 weeks by law , and you do n't have to provide the landlord with keys to your house / apartment and you are free to change the locks at any time . 
  i think that depends very much on where you look . 
  in big cities i 'd expect it to be much lower than outside rural centers . 
  in the small city / village where my parents live most people own their own homes . 
  here in munich i 'd say most do n't . 
  renting is definitely better than in other countries from what i 've heard , though i have never rented an apartment outside of germany so i do n't have direct comparison . 
  if there is an emergency that is severe enough to warrant breaking down the door , then the cost of the door would not my first concern . 
  also that would be costs the landlord has to pay , if the renter is not directly at fault for the emergency . 
  landlord would probably reinstall the old locks in that case . 
  also , if you do n't install your own locks you 're never 100 % safe from that , previous tenant might have duplicated a key . 
  the landlord is by law required to hand over all keys to the tenant , and can not force the tenant to give him a key . 
  the tenant can , if he wants to , provide an emergency key for the landlord . 
  even if he has a key , the landlord is only allowed to enter the apartment with the tenants approval or in strict emergencies . 
  the great thing is , you can just sign anyway as a tenant . 
  those clauses can not be enforced legally . 
  and once you are in the place and do n't break the law , it 's incredibly hard for the landlord to get rid of you . 
  if you are serious about that , the [ ausw\u00e4rtiges amt ] ( https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/infoservice/faq/staatsangehoerigkeit/uebersicht.html?nn=479790 ) is the institution that regulates that and has all the information on their website . 
   la cuchina, 
  see , in my understanding as long as they pay the rent it 's the property of the tenant , and the landlord should only get access to fix things . 
  i think there is a big cultural gap on how renting is perceived in europe vs the us . 
  right i worded that wrong . 
  wiith a valid reason he can request entry to the property with 2 weeks notice . 
  for example to do maintenance . 
  that ca n't be denied by the tenant . 
  they download your mail to their servers first , where they can analyze it etc. 
  you basically hand your credentials over to them . 
  banken . 
  i think we earn less due to high income taxes , however we do have a lot more holiday typically . 
  i started with 30 days of paid vacation right from university . 
  also internet speeds are often abysmal and mobile data is expensive and very limited . 
  no government censorship or anything , but the speeds are nowhere close to what you get in northern countries etc. 
  i currenly have 16mb/s downstream , 2mb/s upstream , which sometimes is n't enough to reliably stream full hd . 
  there are regions where you wo n't get even 1mb/s , mostly small rural cities . 
  i would expect an advanced industrial nation such as germany to offer gigabit everywhere ... 
  germany here , at the university i was at you get 2 tries on each exam . 
  if you fail the 2nd time you can apply for a third try , but that is only granted if you are generally good in the other subjects and do n't have other failed exams . 
  if you fail again or get denied that 3rd try on a mandatory course you get exmatriculated and ca n't study that major ever again in germany , at any university . 
  and sony took it and made fun of them for it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwsifh8icaa, 
  probably a lot better to repair than john deere ... 
  you would translate it with `` jobs '' . 
  he 's saying that they will be allowed to export because it secures more jobs . 
  holy shit i love this . 
  would live there instantly if it was anywhere near close enough to a major city . 
  does look lovely there , but 200k pop i 'd hardly call `` major '' , even though i know that nordic countries have few true metropolis . 
  i 'm currently living in munich , which is on a whole different scale that that . 
  that last shot is especially nice imho . 
  ooh , that sounds cool , i just googled it and they have a store here , i should check them out . 
   because pinterest, 
  you took pinterest pics behind your dryer ? 
  fixed . 
  using a plotter probably . 
  i7 6700k, 
  32 gb dd4-3200, 
  gainward gtx 1080 phoenix glh, 
  dell s2716dg 27 '' 1440p 144hz gsync monitor, 
  lol . 
  i have that printed out at my work desk and refer to it when people struggle using my 60 % with some remappings . 
  can you tell us in which jump point magazine ( s ) the rework is discussed / featured ? 
  you mean black . 
  you day just got worse . 
   download als xls , png und pdf, 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop here . 
  if i wanted to get a bmm lti now , how would i go about that ? 
  i 'm a veteran backer and have a pirate pack lti and arbiter lti packs . 
  we also have an official apple store here in munich , if you do n't mind the price and want no hassle . 
  as for apartment , also have a look at the [ wiki article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/munich/wiki/apartment ) about finding a place to live in munich . 
  as for tum , i got a master 's degree there in electrical engineering and found a job i like afterwards , so i can definitely recommend it . 
  the courses are your standard university courses , professor at the front , big lecture hall of students listening . 
  for many courses there is also a tutorium where exercise questions and sometimes even previous exams are discussed , if possible he should attend that . 
  other than that there are a lot of interesting practical courses which are typically held in much smaller groups and which usually fill up fast , so be quick with registering for those . 
  if you have any specific questions about tum feel free to ask . 
  what does ccu stand for ? 
  also , to get those free ccus i need to own the ship that is up-gradable right ? 
  also , i could right now get a kore by buying a 315 and upgrading it ? 
  edit : ok i found this page : https://robertsspaceindustries.com/pledge/extras?product_id=51, 
  and i realized you meant the 315 to kore upgrade is only there when it 's on sale . 
  still broken in my desktop chrome ... 
  spacetrails !, 
  clarified butter for $ 12 ?
