  sommer ? 
  biergarten . 
  my hairdryer alone pulls 2200 w. 
  not even for treatment etc. 
  i just want them to legalaize them for recreational use . 
  no need for any therapy reasoning or whatever . 
  why are they not just flat out legal ? 
  do n't worry about liquidity with 100 btc . 
  the exchanges are big enough that 100 btc wo n't move them . 
  kraken for example will have no problem changing that . 
  why not just use propane ? 
   the only thing it winds up are rolex owners ' egos . 
  if you think that a rolex wearer would even think about your casio for even a second you could n't be more wrong . 
  saitek x52 pro throttle to be exact . 
  it 's not garbage per-se , it 's just that saitek has horrible qc . 
  my x52 pro is perfectly fine and it 's a joy to use . 
  my buddies is nothing but trouble . 
  your cheese rules are really werid though . 
  no cheese from unpasturized milk , what ? 
  swiss cheeses like emmental are required to be made purely from unprasturized milk , or they ca n't be called that . 
  that 's why i want to get a coravin . 
  enjoy the wine i want , by the glass . 
  just imagine hitler had dropped those nukes . 
  it would be regarded as one of the worst crimes in history and nobody would even try to justify it . 
  no , by far the best is the thrustmaster warthog . 
  the only question is if it 's worth that price tag to you . 
  love it !, 
  those wheels look similar to my vmr v710 , but not exactly the same . 
  what are they ? 
  they are very nice . 
  your fitment is on point . 
  greetings from munich . 
   in the event of me finding a beautiful fraulein ( entirely possible because i am quite a catch ) and moving there full time , can anyone recommend a place to live ? 
  i 'd like to live around the oktoberfest so i am prepared for next year . 
  2 bedrooms if possible and not a share flat . 
  my budget is around 650 euro a month . 
  pm me your apartment offers . 
  2 bedrooms , 650 $ ? 
  you 're trolling right ? 
  in that area you will pay about twice that for a 2 room appartment , if you want 2 bedrooms you will have to look somewhere near 2k/mo . 
  yup , have fun with that . 
  best of luck !, 
  there is great information on finding a place to live in munich in our superb [ wiki ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/munich/wiki/apartment ) . 
  that is actually the front ... 
  i personally use one [ with 4 little roller cutters ] ( https://www.amazon.com/black-boomerang-corkscrew-cutter-homeandwine-com/dp/b001aryjng ) at home , but those are not traditional , i know . 
  if the blade is not too big for your taste , peugot has a very attractive looking one : https://www.amazon.com/peugeot-200404-ixon-blade-knife/dp/b004z4pdcm/ref=sr_1_28?s=kitchen&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1466781164&amp;sr=1-28&amp;keywords=wine+knife, 
  are you talking about the roller ones , or the peugot one ? 
  i can very easily use the roller thing one handed . 
  sorry , i do n't really know that much about consoles , what is this in response to ? 
  we already have it , it 's just not called marriage . 
  two friends of mine are professional chefs , one of them learned in italy . 
  you salt the water and boil the pasta . 
  then you drain it , season it to taste with a little pepper and add a splash of olive oil . 
  oil in the water is a waste of oil and does n't really do anything . 
  people who have problems with the sauce not sticking well enough either have a shitty sauce or the wrong type of pasta do the sauce , like spaghetti with a meat sauce . 
  it would have been very satisfying to see complete control 's seemingly much more powerfull flamethrower go to town on that plastic bot . 
  that hammer seems to be the only one that could potentially do some real damage . 
  however , imho it should have a longer sharp point at one end , so it can really penetrate deep into the other bot . 
  the kursk disaster is an example . 
  also , the water the kursk sank in was less deep than it 's length ... 
  awesome car !, 
  i really like that it does n't have that hood line that the 3 series has . 
  however , i think the grille is slightly too big on these . 
  also , remove that reflector . 
  personally i like the chrome grilles , but from what i see in this subreddit most americans do n't . 
  maybe it 's because chrome has gotten a bad reputation in the us with all the hip hop car culture involving tons of it . 
  perfekt !, 
  at least in germany only the police can determine the owner of a car by it 's license plate . 
  maybe they were staff at that potluck , not guests . 
  finding a place to live can be a challenge . 
  the munich subreddit has a very nice [ wiki article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/munich/wiki/apartment ) with tips and tricks , which also applies to all other cities in germany . 
  in addition , someone without a stable income and with a young child is pretty bad tennant , as they pretty much ca n't evict you as long as you have a small child . 
  that means if you for some reason stopped paying rent there was n't all that much tey could do about it . 
   spacks, 
  see , your alternative is worse on all accounts . 
  insulting american vehicles is one of the cornerstones of good titles . 
  that is actually very much enforced , especially here in munich . 
  however , as an ai from switzerland you should have enough money regardless , 
  c u r r e n t y e a r, 
  uniform user experience . 
  no chance of some mouthbreather installing something important on the sd , then removing it then asking google why app x does n't work anymore . 
  you will need to create a rule for each of these :, 
  tcp : 4549, 
  for each of these ports , you enter the port in remote port range and local port , in the local host field you enter the local ip of your pc , and you leave the remote host field blank . 
   \u00e0 la, 
  mfg, 
  super [ wiki artikel ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/munich/wiki/apartment ) aus dem / r/munich subreddit . 
  the bikers were doing twice the speed limit , they deserve to die in a hilarious accident . 
  i 'm just pointing out that both sides were in the wrong here , and nobody deserved anything there . 
  the bikes should have adhered to the speed limit , then the rednick would n't have taken his idiotic actions . 
  why would a child of a rich family live in a dorm ? 
  edit : apparently being forced to live in dorms is a thing in the us . 
  edit2 : apparently ubc is in canada , not in the us . 
  i did . 
  also that question got a lot of karma for some reason ... 
  is that the stock stance ? 
  it 's pretty much perfect . 
  i 'm from germany , i read a three letter university acronym i did n't know , and i just assumed it 's from the us , like 99 % of the content here . 
  do n't worry , it 's kinda hard to actually offend me . 
  no hard feelings :d,
