  you can get soda water in the us at most places with soda fountains , but it 's pretty rare to find it in gas stations ( unless it 's flavored ) . 
  i know some non-americans where the only water they drink is carbonated . 
  as a german , that was one of the worst things about visiting the us . 
  i want sparkling mineral water , like i drink liters of every day at home ... 
  every restaurant i 've ever been to has plain water on their menu . 
  you were at some very weird restaurants then imho . 
  also tap water is very good quality here , idk why the water you got served was n't . 
  also , i said every restaurant ** i 've been to ** , not every restaurant . 
  and yes , i 've been to restaurants in the early 2000s as well . 
  hmm , you 're right , i do n't know why i 'm getting defensive of some shitty restaurant :d . 
  the best overview imho is the [ wikipedia list of nikon cameras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_nikon_dslr_cameras ) . 
  just sort it by release date by clicking on it . 
  somewhat similarly , i was also deciding between the two , and also went with the 7200 . 
  the improvements the 7500 offers are not worth the increased price to me . 
  those $ 500 difference get me a 35mm dx prime and a nice billingham bag  . 
  do you have both the af swtich on the lens and the one on the camera set to a ? 
  i tried to set it up on my d7200 today , but i did n't get it to work . 
  both the firmware and the app are up to date . 
  idk if the d7200 is new enough to be able to use it though . 
  the german equivalent of hidden camera once put a kiosk on top of the matterhorn and took the piss of alpinists . 
  they arrived there early in the morning , and the kiosk was already open , stocked with that days newspapers , snacks and drinks . 
  the 18-55 is a zoom , not a prime . 
  nikon sells a 35mm f/1 .8 prime for a very reasonable price , that might increase you chances of getting better quality . 
  there are good looking short options though ... 
  worst thing are his socks though . 
  the ip 7 + has 28mm and 56mm equivalent lenses . 
  that 's probably the closest you 're going to get to a portrait lens on a smartphone . 
  it 's in the quick settings dock on my ipad , called nightshift . 
  it automatically changes based on time of day . 
  was kauft man da so ? 
  vodka . 
  most classes at the uni i was at had one , 100 % exam at the end of them . 
  no grades during the semester . 
  i had very few classes where the final exam was n't 100 % of your final grade . 
  there sometimes was mandatory stuff during the semester , but doing that was usually necessary to qualify for taking the exam . 
  screenshotting is faster than taking a pic with your phone though ... just hit printscreen , and paste it right into imgur . 
  no , i was just curious why you would think it 's faster this way . 
  i usually have reddit open on my pc if i 'm using it , so to me getting out my phone , taking a picture , uploaing it etc. 
  would be a lot of extra steps . 
  however , i can see where you 're comming from . 
  that piece is very likely inside your camera now . 
  please try and remove it , it could do bad things to it . 
  maybe you can salvage the same mount ring from a broken f-mount lens from ebay or something . 
  ftfy . 
  did you attach the plate to the tamron then ? 
  i 'm new to this hobby , which company is that ? 
  have you had a look at billingham ? 
  i find their bags a lot nicer than the usual , kinda `` high tech '' looking camera bags . 
  how low have they sunk ... 
  i thought for a moment it was maybe peak design , and was a little worried since i just ordered one of their straps . 
  18mm lens on a full frame body produces pictures equivalent to a 18mm/1 .5 = 12mm lens on a dx body . 
  google `` crop factor '' for explanations . 
  lol . 
  nspire cx cas, 
  dx and fx both use the same nikon f-mount ... 
  that 's not how you spell `` gitzo '' ... 
  you should come to germany then ... 
  `` what do you mean , i can walk around on the street and drink beer all i want ? '', 
  `` what do you mean , i can order gin , tonic and ice off of amazon and it 'll arrive within an hour ? '', 
  and beer / wine at 14 if your parents are present and order it for you , 16 all by your self !, 
  nice picture !, 
  from where , which camera / lens setup ? 
  i heard if you have the cam record audio as well , lining them up is fairly trivial and can even be done automagically . 
  oh right , i forgot about the tv tower :d . i was wondering which place was that tall . 
  i should definitely go up there as well . 
  do you know how what focal length you actually used for that shot ? 
  i do n't have that large of a zoom yet ... 
  nice . 
  i do n't know yet when i plan on going there , but i 'll drop you a pm . 
  might be a few weeks though . 
  i 'm fairly new to this hobby but i enjoy it a lot so far . 
  nikon d7200 , currenly `` only '' with a 18-140 kit lens . 
  you could also set up back button focus , and then keep the camera in af-c mode all the time . 
  i have mine set up that way and i like it so far . 
  right , my next purchase will probably be the highly regarded and superbly cheap 35mm f/1 .8 g dx . 
  and then at some point maybe the new tamron 70-200 f/2 .8  . 
  i do n't have the exact same camera , but on mine you go into the control settings and rebind the ae-l/af-l button to af-on . 
  then you disable the half press af , i think that is in the shooting menu . 
  i have a d7200 , but i think it 's similar on all nikon dslrs . 
  i think if you google you camera model and `` back button focus '' you will probably find a guide for your exact model . 
  update pls !, 
  ofc . 
  your driver does n't even wear a suit ... 
  i 'd probably use a mode , but keep auto iso on . 
  the camera should choose a fast shutter speed by itself if it 's bright . 
  camera setup ? 
   almost solely through the screen of a device, 
  see , that is why i like my dslr , i 'm seeing the light right through the lens , it 's basically just like my glasses . 
  what kind of computer do you use ( mac / windows ) ? 
  what kind of camera is it ? 
  for example on nikon , you can format the memory card by pressing the buttons with the red format logos next to them simultaneously . 
  if you formated your card , the data is still there , the computer just does n't know how to read it . 
  there are tools that can still read the data just fine , most famous of them is [ photorec ] ( http://www.cgsecurity.org/wiki/photorec ) . 
  to avoid any further damage , like an operating system thinking the card is empty and writing stuff to it , please lock the write lock thingy on that card before you proceed with any recovery action . 
  edit : if this all over your head and you want experts to recover the data for you , [ kroll ontrack ] ( https://www.krollontrack.co.uk/services/data-recovery/ ) are the specialists in this field . 
  be warned however , it will cost a pretty penny . 
  fuji is a very good choice for more stylish looking cameras . 
  if budget is of secondary concern , leica cameras also look good . 
  to go with your fuji / leica , definitely get a billingham bag . 
  this is why some competition in the form of the ipad pro is a good thing .
