  also , i want a shredder now . 
  during school chemistry we would get a bunch of the cheap one-time-use reagent tubes , hold them over the burner until they were glowing white hot , and then blow them up into balloon shapes . 
  mine started drooping to a side so i reached for it to correct it . 
  i did n't have a fingerprint on that finger for about a year . 
  a guy i know had his rolex stolen and reported it . 
  about 5 years later , out of the blue , rolex contacts him . 
  some guy apparently bought it from some other dude for $ 5000 . 
  then he went to a rolex dealer to have it cleaned . 
  rolex checked the serial and discovered it was stolen . 
  they had the cops arrest the guy when he came to pick it up and he got his watch back , fully refurbished . 
  omg , that is beyond ugly . 
  ok , so now the thing to do is write a very simple script that iterates over all vins and turns the heater to maximum , every 15 minutes . 
  then run that on some russian vps . 
  someone pls do it . 
  not only is it not angus , it 's probably not even beef . 
  just sell them via some sketchy website . 
  quite a bit of that stuff is older than pc . 
  meh , i 'd hazard a guess that that supply is better noise wise than a run-of-the-mill chinese power adapter . 
  i understood that to be the complete price , not just the shipping ... 
  the gm screen has nice tables on the inside with often used stuff like difficulty for commonly used skill checks like climbing and other stuff like armor class modifiers . 
  in general , if you want to see any of those books before you buy them just google the book name and filetype : pdf . 
  you 'll find them all online . 
  i ca n't imagine it would be hard to watermark blank pdfs yourself using adobe acrobat professional ... 
  i 'd say that page 2 of [ these character sheets ] ( http://charactersheets.minotaur.cc/ ) is exactly what you are describing ... 
  see [ this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ce/heringen_-_monte_kali.jpg ) . 
  see [ this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ce/heringen_-_monte_kali.jpg ) for a better sense of scale . 
  it 's 150 million tons . 
  it 's also still growing , by 800 tons per hour . 
  i recently swapped the battery , it 's like new . 
  make sure you get a real one . 
  best way is to order one directly though lg 's replacement part distribution network . 
  that will only work if you know someone who works at a lg certified repair facility , though . 
  you can make spell cards using [ this website ] ( http://www.thegm.org/perramsspellbook.php ) . 
  select the ones that interest you , print them and cut them out . 
  that helps a lot . 
  there is also [ a newer vesion of the website ] ( http://www.thegm.org/alpha/ ) but the cards there are graphically more sophisticated and therefore use more ink . 
  in addition , i recommend everyone to use the [ character sheets by minotaur ] ( http://charactersheets.minotaur.cc/ ) they are so much better than the default ones . 
  try using [ these character sheets ] ( http://charactersheets.minotaur.cc/ ) , they spread the stuff out over several pages and are imho much nicer to use . 
  they are nicely structured , for example all the combat stuff is one one page . 
  germany here . 
  pretty much every taxi is a fairly new mercedes e class . 
  someone i know works at a place that repairs lg electronics , he ordered one for me . 
  got delivered to their shop the same day . 
  sorry buddy , first of all , i 'm in germany and shipping + taxes would probably render this unlucrative . 
  also , they are n't really supposed to to that , as they do n't officially repair phones at that facility , they do televisions , audio and househould equipement . 
  ordring too many unrelated replacement parts might make someone suspicious . 
  if i 'm in the lane that merges in i 'll stay in that lane until the very end . 
  that 's the most efficient method and is taught in driving lessons . 
  people do n't like to let you in there if they merged in earlier . 
  but then you ca n't advertize it as `` no tools required '' . 
  [ your time ] ( https://youtu.be/2vczbqcklem ) . 
  also keep in mind that they are usually not located in germany , registered anonymously and paid usually in bitcoin . 
  what engine is that ? 
  edit :, 
  that 's actually a negative point for me . 
  i use hifi headphones which are very likely better than whatever the occulus has integrated . 
  you mean se215 , right ? 
  for gaming i 'd probably put on my full sized headphones ( beyerdynamic dt990 pro ) . 
  who says op is in the us ? 
  no i do n't own a dk2 . 
  we 'll see how good those are . 
  if headphones truly are annoying with vr headsets i also have a quality set of iems . 
  now get this to work in gta v. 
  lightning tracking ? 
  did n't find that in the article . 
  i have come to terms with it . 
  i have written a lot of exams and on the last few i had to write i did n't even learn while waiting for the doors to open . 
  i sat there reading on my kindle . 
  i once messed up the date on an oral exam . 
  the students would take the test individually with an examiner , over the course of a week . 
  i thought that process started the next week , so i went on the course website and looked up when my timeslot was going to be . 
  i 'll probably never forget that sinking feeling in my stomach as i read that my time slot was 2 hours ago . 
  the prof was a really nice dude so i wrote him an apology email for wasting his time , i did n't even mention rescheduling . 
  he replied a few hours later that i could have a slot in 3 days instead . 
  my workplace permanently has a doctor and a nurse on site . 
  looking at the promo images i highly doubt that the integrated headphones are anywhere near as good as m50x or ad700s . 
  also they are on-ear , which i really dislike . 
  i personally use beyerdynamic dt 990 pro headphones for gaming . 
  weird , i opened the article and searched for `` lightning '' but it did n't find any mention of that . 
  no , engineering company , about 4500 employees on site . 
  i find over-ear to be a lot more comfortable . 
  on ear usually press on my ear , which is uncomfortable for me , especially so when i 'm wearing glasses . 
  for example , i tried the sennheiser pc333d but i found i could n't wear them longer than about 10 minutes . 
  ah thank you !, 
  i was interested in how that worked , but lightning did n't bring any results . 
  i guess that wo n't work for players underground ? 
  a few years ago a buddy and i played on a pvp survival server and we built a completely self-sustained underground base with no visible exit . 
  that actually does sound plausible , but we 'll have to see for ourselves . 
  right now i 'm more inclined towards the htc vive anyways . 
  but both of them are not currently within reach , as i need to get a new pc first . 
  it 's more like an area with many buildings . 
  schau [ das video hier ] ( https://youtu.be/kv7na02lfqs ) . 
  i tried that once , had a friend place her ear on mine , she did n't hear a thing . 
  she could do it too and i did n't hear it either . 
  i can and have often slept 8-10 hours without waking up . 
  very well done . 
  i can snap really loud with my right hand , but not with my left . 
  i think he means `` whore 's shoe '' . 
  that should be pretty close to horseshoe . 
  do you read ?
