  do n't start unnecessary circlejerks, 
  visit / r/mechanicalkeyboards / for further information . 
  comment of the day . 
  before deciding on a keyboard i 'd recommend you first decide which switch type you want to get . 
  that being said , i like the look of the k70 , and if you do n't use them , then the ruber dome macro keys are a non issue ( imho ) . 
  i personally really like blue and brown switches , so that keyboard would be a no-go for me , switch wise . 
  i 'd recomment you also look at the cm strom trigger keyboards , which are nice slightly gimicky gaming keyboards aswell ( which i think is what you want ) . 
  edit : sorry confused it with the k60 , if it has all mechanical keys it looks like a good keyboard , if you like the switches . 
  probably the wireless model . 
  you know that sol and terra are just the latin words , and that `` the sun '' and `` the earth '' is astronomically 100 % correct ? 
  if your quality control and purchasing departments are bad enough to decide you should buy these things , then you deserve to be ripped off . 
  that might also be a possibility . 
  military equipment is usually rigorously tested before it is put into service . 
  either that testing hast failed or the ones that ordered that equipment have been bribed . 
  munich here , banks and atms everywhere . 
  also every burgerking accepts cards , to my knowledge . 
  where did you buy the custom frame ? 
  i have a unlit kbt pure with pbt keycaps , but i want a lowrise frame for it ( does not necessarily have to be aluminium ) . 
  sure , i can get you some pictures over the weekend . 
  but i probably wo n't remove all the filco/wire style stabilizers since i do n't have any tools here to hook them back in ( especially the iso enter key , ca n't really reach under that thing ) . 
  also , there is a getdigital logo/sticker on the cable , getdigital is the german distributor of daskeyboard . 
  which field are you in ? 
  i know some people who are doing an internship at the europ\u00e4isches patentamt . 
  some of them do n't speak german at all . 
  in winamp you need to activate media key support in the keyboard options . 
  i use my daskeyboard with foobar 2000 and they worked out-of-the-box . 
   launch winamp, 
   select options -  preferences ... 
   select global hotkeys and place a check in the box labeled enabled, 
   click the close button . 
  via logitech helppage : , 
  normal mediakeys are defined in the usb keyboard interface , you do n't need any drivers for that . 
  daskeyboard only ships with blues or browns . 
  kbt pure is a 60 % that is available with backlight and many switch options . 
  they are in stock at plenty of suppliers , got mine of amazon . 
  if you want a `` normal '' tlk then ducky shine tkl is probably your best bet . 
  i took all the keycaps off because i installed o-rings . 
  the ones installed are wasd blue rings , i originally ordered red ones , but they accidentally sent me blues . 
  the reds will arrive in about 2 weeks i guess , then i can compare them . 
  also there is a slight mishap on the silkscreen ( the white print on the pcb ) . 
  it says `` win_r '' on the right alt key and `` apps '' on the right win key  . 
  the board itself is really nice . 
  i use it at work , that 's why i want it to be as quiet as can be . 
  i usually use german layout , but i specifically wanted us ansi for programming , and i love it . 
  got used to it really fast , but i can still use german keyboards without problems . 
  the compact layout is nice , and since i use [ emacs ] ( http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/ ) style keybindings in a lot of programs ( emacs itself , matlab , eclipse , visual studio , firefox ) i really do n't need anything apart from the main key field . 
  as far as the special layout options go i use capslock to control and left win to fn . 
  i have also switched z and y , since that is the only part of ansi layout which i can not wrap my head around . 
  looks like some kind of super absorber, 
  then we would have tiny letters and horrible compressed layout ... 
  my keyboard has a ctrl + alt + del key and a ctrl + shift + esc key , 
  a website called `` cult of android '' is probably a really unbiased source for that  . 
  having said that , i kind of like the idea of android laptops . 
  do blind children start wakling on their own or do you have to train them to ? 
  is n't that a quite complex thing to inherently do without observing others walking ? 
  add a space after the a. . . 
  also , it 's voyager , not voyger ^ ^, 
  fight club much ? 
  you should watch jmemantzel 's youtube channel . 
  he bascially did that , and he builds a big robot in some shed in the forest :d, 
  correction , in north-eastern germany . 
  drugs . 
  in europe you know at least your country 's native language and english to some degree . 
  anyone with a higher education also has at least some knowledge in a third language of their choice ( at least in germany ) . 
  i for example speak german , english and french . 
  we did something simmilar , except the person was sitting on a office chair and held onto the back of the motorcycle . 
  the chair 's plastic wheels got ground to shreds on the asphalt , but it still worked and no one got hurt . 
  i once asked our principal if and when we would get sunny days off , he told me `` at 22 \u00b0 c and above ... measured in the freezer in my office . 
  this is exactly what i was thinking . 
  that government buys such a large quantity of bomb detectors that obviously do n't work because of corruption , and then , when the media gets a hint of it , they blame that guy . 
  if that government buys those things without extensive tests , then it 's their fault alone . 
  i currently do an internship at a government contractor , and we have extensive specifications to fullfill and the devices are tested rigorously . 
  the only way something like this could ever happen is corruption . 
  sennheiser pc360 , only about $ 200 for a solid headset with above average sound quality . 
  fixed , but i find it kind of strange , you do n't say `` dollar 200 '' , you say `` 200 dollars '' ... 
  they are more likely to pay the armed guards they have on board nowadays ... 
  maybe it 's inflatable, 
  that 's about appropriate ... 
  by the way , if you have a european passport and are under 25 , then you can just bypass the lines and use that as a ticket . 
  same thing at the mus\u00e9e d'orsay . 
  how is it still a indie title if it has a publisher ? 
  correct , but it was still pretty impressive to ~ 12 year old me . 
  you really need to check out starcitizen . 
  ist the new space mmo by chris roberts . 
  a glass of laphroaig . 
  magic the gathering , d&d and lan partys ... 
  wow , x-rebirth went totally over my head , i have n't even heard of that project before . 
  amazing !, 
  cockpits are a absolut must for immersion . 
  i installed x3 ap yesterday and the first thing i did was install a cockpit mod . 
  i ca n't play x games without cockpits . 
  so you suggest buying a new trading ship and setting the old mercury up for automated trading ? 
  i think i want to buy a split drake for myself then , but i 'll need about 2.5 millions for that in order to still have capital . 
  easiest way to get then to fully truse you i found is to buy cargo bay upgrades at their stock exchange . 
  got me in really cheap . 
  it depends on the font you use . 
  it 's only the apple logo in apple fonts , might be a tux logo in some open font on a unix-like operating system . 
  edit : corrected some terminology , 
  i 'm aware , but it is colloquially often referred to as linux , although that is merely the name of the kernel . 
  when differentiating from microsoft or apple systems i feel like using the term `` unix-like '' would be most fitting in this context , though .
