  no level requirement , each of your characters can fly there once you get the achievement . 
  i 've always loved that message , as it usually scares newbies that use the university * nix systems for the first time . 
  imho it 's ok in that case , as long as you do n't put a big m back where the model bading is . 
  personally , if i 'd buy a car with m sport package , i 'd take off all the ms on the outside of the car . 
  i feel like people dropping a big engine in a car like this would deliberatly stick with the 316i bading . 
  awww, 
  it acutally is , see for example [ this wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sleep_in_space ) . 
  all of the sleeping areas need to be specially ventilated so the astronauts do n't suffocate . 
  lol , that high quality of a dac , but no power supply filtering caps ? 
  might want to tell us your plz ( postleitzahl aka area code ) , maybe someone lives nearby and can recommend something . 
  if you 're anywhere near giesing , i can recommend cafe centro , it 's a small pizza place at silberhornstra\u00dfe , which also delivers . 
  it has real tasty pizza for a pretty ok price . 
  had the same experience with a spanish guy here in german in a student dorm . 
  he asked if he could come along for grocery shopping since i had a car i told him sure , we 'll leave at 11:00 on saturday . 
  at 11:10 i was just about to leave when he shows up . 
  he did n't even acnowledge that he was late and was kinda shocked when i told him i had already started the engine to leave without him . 
  afaik it 's law here in germany that if your glass is branded you need to actually serve the beer/soft drink that is advertised on the glass . 
  bmw driver here . 
  move your slow cheap and crappy compact car out of my left lane . 
  you want to drive on the left ? 
  buy a faster car . 
  you do n't have a table ? 
  was the same for me when i was still living in a student dorm . 
  only had one desk , which was mostly occupied by my pc . 
  had to move stuff aside so i had room to eat or study . 
  i think you can only really value a couch with a big table in front of it after having studied on a cramped desk for many many exams . 
  i 've recently come across the exception : i bought a brother network laser printer . 
  the driver for it is incredibly small , comes with no additional bulk software crap and integrates into the normal windows printer interface . 
  it 's a thing of beauty . 
  that seems to be a real problem in the us . 
  here in germany the last power failure i remember was when i was a child . 
  i 've been living in my current appartment for close to two years now and my home nas server has been running this whole time , no unplanned reboot , no power failure . 
  the best appartment feature i know of is at the appartment of a buddy of mine . 
  it 's a converted industrial building and it still has cargo elevators and a truck loading dock around the back . 
  the movers could hardly believe it when they arrived , saying that was the easiest move into the 5th floor they ever encountered . 
  shelf toilets are only present anymore in old ( 25 + yrs . ), 
  bathrooms . 
  my current appartment has one since the bathroom is old , but i encounter them very seldomly otherwise . 
  very good book indeed . 
  well , none of the appartments of my friends have them , my parent 's dont have any , the university does n't have them and my workplace also does n't . 
  no restaurant i 've been to here in munich had one . 
  see , you immediately fucked up the `` i 'm '' . 
  case in point . 
  i 'd pronunce that as `` legume '' just to spite the parents . 
  lucius is kinda cool though . 
  aliz\u00e9 or aliz\u00e9e are kind of common french names , much older than the company . 
  no graphics card ? 
  no master race . 
  i was just trying to create a somewhat descriptive title . 
  i really like [ sorhaquestlog ] ( http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/sorhaquestlog ) , but it does n't show progress for tanaan objectives , anyone know a way to fix that ? 
  incredibly dishonest for not telling her . 
  did you at least make it free ? 
  are those [ vmr v703 ] ( http://www.velocitymotoring.com/wheels/v703/ ) wheels ? 
  we actually had fish 'n chips like that in san francisco . 
  happens to me way too often on my mage twink . 
  i also regularly teleport myself there when i actually wanted to go to dalaran . 
  yes , because it scales to about 1 % bonus damage , which is negligible . 
  you can see that by going to the [ wowhead page of the ring ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/item=124635/nithramus-the-all-seer&amp;bonus=0 ) and ticking the `` timewalking bc '' box below it . 
  the [ ilvl 715 version ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/item=118306/spellbound-runic-band-of-the-all-seeing-eye ) however still gives you +15 % intellect on proc . 
  oh , i did n't even think of using multiple older set boni in combination . 
  do you know of any older sets that use other slots , so i could maybe use my 4p t18 and 2 pieces of an older tier set ? 
  t17 2pc is the one that sometimes triggers metamorphosis , iirc . 
  i do n't have a demo spec , and i do n't really want to change one of my specs just for timewalking . 
  as far as i 've seen , none of the set boni get squished , so my 4pc t18 works nicely as well . 
  wow , mind telling me which bank that is so i never do business with them , as they apparently disclose the financial status of their customers to strangers ? 
  yes , but i 'm currently sceptical if 2 2pc is better than the 4pc i currently have . 
  sorry , but that is funny as shit . 
  kicking for gear reasons in tw is kind of stupid , as all the gear becomes scaled down to the same ilevel . 
  ah yes , beast mode tanks . 
  i also sometimes get compliments on my paladin tank in the daily heroic i do . 
  with the current gear i do n't actually need a healer in heroics , and i mass pull and dps the trashmobs easily , a lot of times i 'm # 1 in dps and hps at the same time . 
  drummers are the butt of many jokes in orchestras :d . 
  our conductor once told use the following :, 
   if you start learning an instrument , and the teacher realizes that it just does n't work out , the 'll hand you two sticks and put you on the drum set . 
  if , after a fair bit of trying , you manage to still fuck that part up , the 'll take away one of your sticks and put you in front of the orchestra . 
  what is your goal there after you 've gathered heroic gear for all your slots ? 
  that will not take more than a month or maybe two . 
  after that you do what ? 
  clear it again and again and disenchant the loot ? 
  the best course of action is posting in the next firepower friday thread , which is a designed for exactly this sort of dps analysis . 
  in order to get any useful information you will need to provide logs of raid bossfights using [ warcraftlogs ] ( https://www.warcraftlogs.com/ ) . 
  also you should provide a link to your character 's armory page so we can see your gear , talent and glyph setup . 
  the thing is , from my point of view the logical thing to do after you have all of the hc gear you want is to move on the mythic for a new challenge and ever nicer gear . 
  running a raid from which you ca n't get any better loot is just unappealing . 
  i do n't see how having 25 players in a guild is a bad thing , our guild is a fun group to be in . 
  i would n't call it hard core , you can do mythic and still be casual and have fun doing so . 
  i can see mythic being this intimidating thing , but after you 've done hc and got the gear for it , mythic is just like starting out on hc before you had hc gear . 
  and all of this is further alleviated by the new 10 ilvl upgrades which you can get for valor . 
  i do n't want to discourage you from trying to find a hc only guild , i just wanted to point out why i think most people will want to keep progressing , and why i do n't see a point in not trying to do so . 
  see , so you 're looking for a guild that plans to stop existing after 2 months or so . 
  i just do n't see such a guild as all that viable . 
  of course there is a difference , but mythic is just the next progression . 
  wanting to do heroic after normal and wanting to do mythic after heroic is just the logical progression . 
  they signed the waiver ? 
  wtf kind of excuse is that . 
  you should have immediately told her and talked to her how you could try to remedy the situation . 
  so you 're looking more for some kind of multi gaming group . 
  i can see that , i 'm also still in contact with a lot of people i met in wow that i play some other games with from time to time . 
  wait , so there are restaurants where only singles may go ? 
  dope .
