  now the only trinket missing from my repository is a gsr , but i 'll just hope the brf mythic chests will grant me one someday ... 
  also , you have hc fotds but not t18 ? 
  i got t18 4pc in my 2nd nhc run . 
  need those shoulders , but i only want it for transmog :( . 
  same think with wotlk not including pit of saron ... 
  best way to do everbloom imho is to go to the right at the start , clear that house , go up the wall behind it ( a lot easier than the spot straight ahead when you enter the instance ) and then move to witherbark from there . 
  after witherbark you can hop up on that cliff again and walk to the other bosses . 
  tbc heroic required you to usually cc at least one out of every trash pack , and interrupt certain spells like fears / one-shots . 
  people are not used to that from wod content and tackle them like wod heroics , which are child 's play . 
  i personally use keepass as a means of managing my passwords etc. 
  i have added the recovery code and serial number of the authenticator as a comment on my battle.net password in keepass . 
  oh wow , i need this . 
  i currently have a normal dsi , normal fotds , normal unblinking gaze of sethe and normal chipped sould prism . 
  that is imho pretty ok , i mostly switch between fotds and sethe , keeping the dsi in place . 
  i did n't even know kazzak could drop warforged stuff . 
  i use sethe on destro fights where there are a lot of adds that do n't live long , so fotds does n't have time to stack up . 
  also fights with lots of movements / target switching , basically any fight that fotds stacks ca n't be maintained . 
  on some of those fights a gsr would perform better , but i do n't have one , so i 'll stick to sethe . 
  have n't seen pof being recommended in the guides i watched so far . 
  manoroth is apparently the only fight where demo is sometimes used by progression guild warlocks . 
  for the other fights destro or aff prevail . 
  i personally have n't dabbled in demo at all this content , i 'm content with aff and destro . 
  i was linked [ this guide ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/furtyirl/v/20898123 ) a while ago and found it nice . 
  it 's mostly about destro , but also covers which trinkets and which spec to use on which fights in hfc . 
  destro was my problem spec as well , i made [ a post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/3ozdj3/firepower_fridays_your_weekly_dps_thread/cw2ikb2 ) in the firepower friday thread last week and got that video linked to me . 
  i 've since swapped some gear around , changed some weak auras and mainly practiced using destro , and it 's gotten a lot better imho . 
  problem ist there is always someone that can use them for some spec ... 
  he 's probably the kind of guy that calls it m2 . 
  yes , he says that part 20 minutes later when nobody hears him . 
  oh yes , and integrate a headphone amp while they 're at it . 
  i remeber dimly there beeing a phone that had a 1/4 inch audio jack . 
  maybe it was just a concept though . 
  absolutely love them and their build quality . 
  they are designed and manufactured in germany , not far from where i 'm from . 
  i also love that you can buy any part of them individually through their spare parts website . 
  i 've had mine for roughly 3 years now and i 'll probably replace the ear pads soon . 
  according to wikipedia , peanuts are 48 % fat by weight . 
  fun fact , peanuts are technically not nuts , they 're legumes . 
  that has to be the work of ignatius j. rilly . 
  yep , the big band i played in usually tuned to 442 or 443 . 
  i loved settlers 2 . 
  played so many hours back then . 
  i recently found out there is now an open-source implementation called [ return to the roots ] ( http://www.siedler25.org/ ) which is the old game , modified to run on modern pcs , with modern and stable netcode for multiplayer . 
  you do need some asset files from the original game to run it , though . 
  yep . 
  my bmw diesel has automatic shutters behind the grille that close as long as the engine is cold . 
  you can see it in [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fivejox.jpg ) picture i took after i removed the bumper . 
  eggs hitting the paint can chip it easily . 
  also body panels are soft and can very much be dented by an egg . 
  idk , those hills surrounding it are higher than the castle itself , ample positions for sige engines ... 
  just google egging damage and you 'll see plenty of dented cars . 
  i still do n't really like calling people . 
  getting called is no problem , but calling is somehow weird . 
  i loved thar car wash . 
  the one in our hometown was the type where you park your car in it and get out . 
  but the first time i was in one where the car gets pulled though and you stay inside i was amazed and from that point on i always insisted on staying in the car even in the one in our hometown . 
  looks good , but i personally like the utility of a swiss army knive . 
  having those small scissors , bottle opener and corkscrew is a lot more usefull to me . 
  i had that for about a month . 
  i was required to move to a new room in the dorm i lived in , so they gave me the key to the new one about one month before i had to be out of the old one . 
  was pretty fun to confuse people with and made for a very relaxed move . 
  that one should really be told on some story telling podcast like story corps or this americal life or something . 
  i swear by feather baldes . 
  they are so sharp you do n't even feel them cutting your beard . 
  the devices were actually made by htc afaik . 
  i know , beeing german i 've been opening glass beer bottles since i was about 15 . 
  still , it 's nice to just have an opener and not have to bother with other stuff . 
  you have to escape characters that are used in formating by prefixing them with a ' \\ \\ ' . 
  see :, 
  astra ( superior platinum ) are very good , but i remember them being not quite as good as feather ( new hi-stainless , platinum coated ) . 
  still , astra and feather are my top 2 . 
  i did not directly comapre them and i was using a different soap back when i tried astra . 
  [ neosignal ] ( http://neosignal.de/ ) , the label of phace and misanthrop . 
  [ invisible recordings ] ( https://soundcloud.com/invisiblerecordings ) ( do they still count as small ? ), 
  are the guys beind the awesome invisible eps , on which tracks like [ crystaline ] ( / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cfge-9v84w ) by noisia and hybris were released . 
  it also should be miles , not square miles ... 
  from my limited understanding of us law , fucking with mail is very bad there . 
  nice review !, 
  all in all laphroaig is my favorite scotch i regularly drink . 
  it 's excellent and realtively cheap . 
  i usually go for the qc . 
  they still do n't support pgp/mime afaik , making it kinda useless in that regard ... 
  afaik there is no android mail client that does . 
  point is , all the pgp communication i have is alwys pgp/mime , making k9 useless for that . 
  that said , i still use k9 since i like the app all in all , i just wish pgp/mime would be implemented . 
  they are , but they do n't produce as many records as vision do and they are less well-known . 
  oh , nice topic . 
  i need to look into finding somewhere to play as well . 
  however , i 'll probably postpone that until after my master 's thesis . 
  any recommendations on big bands ? 
  i assume you do n't have the package that includes the cup holders ? 
  phones with lcd screens are . 
  what model bmw ? 
  i drive an e91 and am about to buy prescription ray-bans with polarization filter . 
  losing power is a 3rd world problem . 
  i honestly ca n't remeber that last time the power was out here . 
  i 'm certain it has never happened in the 3 years i lived in this appartment , because it would cause my nas to reboot and that would end the tmux session . 
  last time i remember it happening i was still living with my parents . 
  it was in the evening and we wanted to light some candles , but the power came back before we found a lighter . 
  your do mean the idrive with nav etc.
