  but a week or so ago a buddy of mine told me that amazon had it on sale for about 15 $ , so we bought it and had such a blast that we bought reaper of souls a few days later . 
  it was glorious . 
  yea , like i 'm going to listen to music on youtube , what am i , some kind of audio peasant ? 
  i have not yet ascended to that level . 
  i wonder if they would have still done this if it was n't a bmw but some cheap shitty car instead . 
  people tend to automatically hate on bmw owners and instantly assume they are douchebags . 
  looks like it would have been easier to plug in to the right and go around the back of the bmw , but i guess they just had to destroy it ... 
  no it is n't . 
  name one . 
  there are way more complete archives of music out there than soundcloud or spotify . 
  also big glasses expose more wine surface to the air , so it can breath , this is especially important with rich red wines such as most bordeaux . 
  i was checked about 3 times in 1,5 years . 
  yes , that 's what i wonder as well , they ca n't restrain you , and if you 're not from here they wo n't find you again even if they have camera evidence . 
  they are not police , so they ca n't legally hold you there . 
  i was on summerbreeze ( german metal festival ) and a group of people rolled in with 4 of those ( or similar ) off road rvs . 
  they looked awesome , did n't see the inside , though . 
  no , the next one needs to start with l. 
  usually there are even more huts and rooms in the yard , but made from wood . 
  you think so ? 
  imho it looks like it 's secured at the top , but when you press the button that small hook will slide out of that plate , and the bar frees the trap . 
  imho nitrogen would be the way to go if i was ever in a situation where i had to kill myself . 
  you do n't feel any suffocation , you just fall asleep and never wake up . 
  it 's also fairly easy to come by . 
  who goes to a festival without bringing a generator ? 
  fellow mechanical penciel enthusiast here , have you ever tried a [ uni kuru toga ] ( http://www.jetpens.com/uni-kuru-toga-roulette-model-auto-lead-rotation-mechanical-pencil-0.5-mm-gun-metallic-body/pd/6547 ) pencil ? 
  they rotate the lead every time you set them onto the paper , so they always have a sharp edge . 
  i have tried a lot of pencils by many big brands ( rotring , pentel , pilot , lamy etc. ), 
  but none compares to my kuru toga roulette . 
  you can get them off ebay pretty cheap . 
  also i find the leads themselves can make a big difference , my farorites so far are [ uni nano-dia hb ] ( http://www.jetpens.com/uni-nanodia-low-wear-pencil-lead-0.5-mm-hb/pd/3742 ) . 
  they are slightly harder than usual hbs , which in combination with the rotation gives you very fine and precise writing , expecially perfect if you do a lot of math in pencil . 
  dragonforce also really overdoes these , they are kind of power metal satire , though . 
  technically it got her famous ... 
  why is this guy getting downvoted ? 
  mb/8 is mb . 
  same here , got a brother hl-2250 dn black/white laser because i print a lot for university . 
  it 's a network printer with duplexer unit . 
  it comes with a 700 page toner , i 've so far printed about 900 pages with it and it just now starts being slightly less black . 
  also it has a paper tray which can just about hold a pack of 500 pages a4 , not like my old ink jet where you would have to refill paper 3 times if you wanted to print 60 pages . 
  it 's also very fast , compared to my old ink jet . 
  a typical print job of about 10 pages is completely done in the time it takes my ink jet to start up and play the song of it 's people . 
  my favorite part is the no-bullshit driver software . 
  if you 've ever installed drivers for a hp printer you know what i mean , many printer companies ship a butt-load of bloatware with their driver . 
  not really , because since i discovered the kuru toga pencils i 've pretty much stopped looking . 
  i first bought the [ old plastic version ] ( http://officesupplygeek.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/kuru-toga-in-hand.jpg ) in 2010 i think , and recently upgraded to the roulette model . 
  i think i could never again be happy with any pencil that did n't rotate the lead . 
  if you plan on buying one do get the roulette which has a high quality , very grippy aluminum grip . 
  the plastic one is n't very grippy and the black color is just paint on transparent plastic , and after about a year it started to come off . 
  how do you feel about homes with cameras ( ir lights etc. ) ? 
  what 's the best kind of safe in your opinion ? 
  have you ever considered hitting student dorms ? 
  the one i live in has been robbed previously . 
  did you ever steal cars ? 
  i would imagine they are pretty hard to sell . 
  replace the locks of the house , now . 
  do n't even ask the landlord , just go to any home depot kind of place and buy a new lock , it 's really easy , all you need is one screwdriver ( if you ask the people there they will sell you the right kind ) . 
  edit : just realized this was in nov. 2013 . 
  what happened afterwards ? 
  i do n't get it , what 's the advantage of that ? 
  why do they even have the keys , should n't they only have the public key ? 
  this is a fantasic opportunity for an pun thread . 
  yes . 
  a kind of similar thing happened to me , i had missed a biology test and the teacher made me take it during the next lesson . 
  subject were blood vessels , and i had to write it in the biology storage room ... right next to a giant poster with all the major blood vessel names on it , similar to [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/circulatory_system_en.svg ) . 
  aced it . 
  i still stick to my business calendar pro , even though it 's one of the ugliest apps i have . 
  real programmers just pipe their input through zcat . 
  also these are not enforceable by law , you can just park there anyway and nobody can or will do anything about it . 
  also , it 's gigabit ethernet , not gigabit ** s ** ethernet . 
  russia is not a european nation ... 
  asking for votes is prohibited by [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette ) . 
  yes , he took a macro photograph , how hard would it be to wipe the surface with your hand first ? 
  there is all matter of dirt in that picture of an area about 15x15cm ... 
  also , c'est la vie is often bastardized to selawie or something . 
  as a non-native speaker , why is it called ` bee ' , i 've never seen that word used like that . 
  are other competitions also called ` bee ' ? 
  should n't his insurance cover that ? 
  i 'm talking about the liability insurance of the guy who broke it . 
  itt : percussive maintenance, 
  outstanding . 
  that gt200 article is pure comedy gold , thanks for that !, 
  the 6th one was not written by douglas adams , though . 
  why not both ? 
  yep , send them to k2 and watch them die . 
  i recommend [ shure se215 ] ( http://www.shure.com/americas/products/earphones-headphones/se-earphones/se215-sound-isolating-earphones ) , your ears will thank me . 
  have a look at rtorrent . 
  especially if you have a lot of torrents . 
  how does something like this even happen ? 
  there is no money under any of my seats , maybe 1 pen somewhere . 
  do n't these people ever clean their car 's inside ? 
   boobies come in all shapes and sizes !, 
  do n't be afraid to experiment with a range !, 
  except if they are firm and very perky , you ca n't have those , they are for porn stars . 
  * swords , not sticks . 
  probably just be on reddit all day , never noticing my powers . 
  also feathers , where do those feathers come from ? 
  the university i attend offers a online schedule of the classes i registered for which i can add to google calendar . 
  the best part is it gets updated when there are changes like different rooms or when a class is cancelled . 
  that is the single most useful thing i use my smartphone for on campus . 
  i have 2 myself and i have n't played a lot .
