  1 . go to www.g2play.net, 
  2 . buy ros key for about 20 $, 
  3 . play it . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's amazing here . 
  i can comfortably live in a big city and study at univeristy for free , all financed form my well paying student job . 
  so you 're a man probably , right ? 
  you use a mixture of gas and diesel , the gas produces the heat to ignite the diesel which will burn longer . 
  also douse the rag in diesel , not gas , that way it will burn longer and more controlled . 
  the rag has to be wrapped around the ( closed ) bottle , otherwise you 'll blow yourself up . 
  happy rioting . 
  yes , 1 gigabit per second gives you about a gigabyte of download in 10 seconds . 
  he 's correct . 
  that looks like the logo of a supermarket brand line of paint accessories . 
  are they fucking serious ? 
  you would provably be charged with the cost of having it professionally cleaned . 
  the company is called porsche , notice the s. 
  sorry i meant no offense with that addition , i just ca n't make the s books in my phone so you can quickly see the difference . 
  oh yes . 
  beyerdynamic dt 990 pro at home , shure se 215 on the go . 
  we still hate you for it . 
  it does , if you have an aa battery containing 3000mah and a usb battery pack containing 3000mah then the battery pack does contain a lot more energy due to the higher voltage ( 1.5 v vs 5v ) :, 
  * ah * is not a unit of energy , it 's a unit of electrical charge . 
  they would probably have to convert the mah to the voltage printed on the battery pack or it would be false advertising . 
  the mural is located in berlin , specifically [ here ] ( https://maps.google.de/maps/ms?msid=205915560339695118764.000493aecfde13b6a0da3&amp;msa=0&amp;ll=52.519545,13.306374&amp;spn=0.000728,0.001206 ) , you can see it on street view . 
  see my comment here : http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/25xrbz/beautiful_mural_in_germany/chlzj09, 
  in germany you have to take your driving test on a manual , otherwise you get a restricted license which only permits you to drive automatic . 
  however i have n't seen a driving school that offers that limited license , they all have manual cars only . 
  we call that `` korea '' in german . 
  why do n't you suggest the real editors , vim and emacs ? 
  it looks like it 's in germany ( at least the black/white poles on the side of the road are exactly like the ones used here ) . 
  we have 3 lights on a lot of intersections . 
  i do n't get it . 
  also , it 's a photoshop . 
  i like how there 's honey all over the place in the last photo . 
  what 's the stuff in the the upper part ? 
  cashiers love it . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  they would have to be extremely strong to even possibly harm it . 
  many phones use strong magnets for positioning on wireless chargers . 
  they are called [ lahmacun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lahmacun ) . 
  if you look at it , those are n't prepared meals , it 's just freeze-dried ingredients . 
  recently made the switch , really like it . 
  bought a pack of feather blades which are very good . 
  here they usually have kebab meat in them . 
  yeah , those headlights would not fly here ... 
  quality master race checking in , beyerdynamic dt-990 pro + modmic . 
  would never go back to typical gaming headsets . 
  * drool , i love low cut bases . 
  i was wondering the same thing , because in the cars i 've owned these things slide all the way into the door . 
  when we had to get up really early to go on holiday my parents would just hook up the regular coffee maker to one of those timer outlets which we usually use for the christmas decorations . 
  button on the center console , or just pull the inner door handle . 
  it is spelled fledermaus in the chart , id do n't see the error . 
  cant you just put some species of large predator fish in there , large enough to eat ducklings , but small enough so it 's not dangerous for koi ? 
  is that not common where you live ? 
  here many bars and restaurants server it with a slice of lemon or orange . 
  at delta they each get a snickers , which they have to pay for . 
  they could carry it off . 
  that moth ca n't hurt you . 
  maybe it 's policy they each have to get a different , separately wrapped candy bar . 
  uhm , it 's either showing 18.5 v or 0.925 v on the picture , i would n't say that 's exactly anywhere near acurate ... 
  also , it looks like you connected the battery to a terminal labeled ampere . 
  i think in that analogy it would rather be a boob on paper in his hand , and we all know what happened to porn magazines . 
  i have the v3 , which was a prototype that did n't work with all sound cards , but it works fine with mine . 
  i really like it , audio quality is good and the noise cancelling is effective . 
  i usually ask them to clean my car or cook dinner for me ... 
  it 's all nice , except for defacing that badge . 
  if you want to use a \\ #hashtag on reddit you have to prefix it with a \\ \\ , like this :, 
  i actually like asymmetrical designs , but i refuse to believe this was necessary , and i do n't like that they put it there , it looks like someone desperately tried to make the car look cooler , thereby making it incredibly tacky . 
  edit : changed hip to cool . 
  similarly , the german ard and zdf are also publicly funded and are very respectable news outlets . 
  alternatively he could pour a little juice in their shoes . 
  munich , germany, 
  if you want clear water oceans , go to coratia . 
  they do n't have sand beaches there , so the water is incredibly clear . 
  it 's only dangerous for the charger , not the batteries . 
  it just signals the phone that it can use the fastest changing mode from this power source . 
  if you would like to know how much you walk during it you can always use moves . 
  linkme : moves, 
  there are night lines , english info page here : http://www.mvg-mobil.de/en/nightlines.html, 
  there is a reddit meetup this friday in munich . 
  yes , i can . 
  i read somewhere that it kinda works , but you are more distracted / less likely to remember the stuff you read then you would be if you read it the ` normal ' way . 
  transdroid is superior imho . 
  ah i forgot i wanted to put the link in there , but i was on mobile and could n't work out how to copy the link in reddit sync . 
  please assume the correct party escort position . 
  yeah that guy just likes to bash technology . 
  he could have put that key in a ziploc bag and carried it with him ... 
  even better !, 
  i 've seen quite a few people , mostly girls , who did that . 
  can you change the font on the stock samsung roms ? 
  i like to think he partied with them the night before and now they are just messing with , right ? 
  ok i 'll try the rhen ` ho variant , as quite a lot of my gear is already focused towards pet builds . 
  i currently buy 1h weapons from kadala , hoping for starmetal , would you say it 's more worthwhile to buy gloves in hopes of t&t , seeing that my magefist is a pretty decent roll and it increases my gargantum 's damage ? 
  anyone already here ? 
  back home , it was really cool , a lot more people showed up than i expected , we were like 20-30 . 
  that 's bavaria for you ;d, 
  viral marketing for the next godzilla movie got a bit out of hand ... 
  some people take longer to load than it would take me to farm the keys myself . 
  i will wait a reasonable amount of time , but not for too long , however i wo n't expect you to open if you miss it .
