  asphalt roofs are only used for small sheds here . 
  lol , germany here , 230v , 16a outlets are the normal ones here . 
  and it 's glorious . 
  i with you there . 
  we kill tons of cattle for food and i 'm fine with it . 
  why should n't one dog die for the advancement of science ? 
  i agree , except for the visa part . 
  in my experience most banks offer mastercard . 
  i personally use sparkasse . 
  for more international stuff i personally also have a tagesgeldkonto with cortal consors . 
  they also offer typical griokonots along with the usualy cards ( ec + credit ) . 
  ... but still worse than chrome . 
  at least op does n't have black wheels . 
  because it shows you are a massive idiot . 
  downvoat all you want , i stand by saying going to school with a duct tape crown makes him `` special '' . 
  this hole is apparently before the mass airflow sensor , so it will not influence the engine control system since still all air that goes into the engine is metered . 
  if this crack was between the airflow sensor and the engine or if the car was turbod i 'd say you are right . 
  daily driver : f11 535d ( 5 series wagon ) . 
  fun : f83 m4 ( convertible ) . 
  at those prices , how about buying it somewhere where bmws are a lot cheaper , like germany ? 
  with 40k you could easily get the 6 cyl and a nice trip to germany on top . 
  also manuals are a lot more common here . 
  oooh nice , / r/bmw irc . 
  i 'll connect once i get home from work . 
  personally do n't like them , have seen very few cars with black wheels that looked good . 
  works since the car is very bright . 
  the wheels on the car you linked . 
  i like them , they go nicely with the silvery bit in the headlights . 
  please do n't do carbon mirrors if you do n't have other carbon stuff on the car . 
  very nice , might steal it . 
  is your graphics card maybe kicking the bucket ? 
  tried any other games to verify that ? 
  have you tried lighting that fuel with a cigarette ? 
  i tried it a buch of times but it did n't work . 
  perfect . 
  you can see out , but not in . 
  i 'd rather have them activate the elevators at the construction site floors . 
  while you 're at tuner cars , we neeed a more tunable minivan , so we can build a [ boso box ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0ccwpvx.jpg ) . 
  also , that exhaust on other cars . 
  when i started my master 's degree i was annoyed with the paper i bought at a discounter here , it had a blue-ish hue , so i went and bought a box of hp copy paper , 5000 sheets . 
  i still have more than half of it left after 2 years . 
  speed metal best metal . 
  fun fact , they are not really seated in the skull and they can sometimes pop out . 
  that does not make it better in the slightest . 
  nice restaurants do n't do pickup though . 
  as long as none of them is claustrophobic . 
  actually the top one can be . 
  i thought you push them back in when you 're in them , apparently i 'm stupid . 
  however , if you spread them out for sleeping i would n't call them bunk beds . 
  holy shit . 
  that would make some texans pretty butthurt i guess . 
  love it . 
  nah , even the fancy $ 300 - $ 500 per menu restaurants do . 
  i like it . 
  i usually bring kindle and read while waiting and / or eating . 
  kennedy 's pub at sendlinger tor is great , but you 'd need to get a table reserved , it 's pretty much always full . 
  that 's the best kind of fail . 
  [ non shitty version built from lego ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0pfzg7j5ce ) . 
  they would just have to make it attack from higher up at an angle , so the recoil pushes it further up . 
  also probably add a precalulated maneuver to counteract the recoil right after firing . 
  i would mount the gun at a slight downward angle so the copter can stay safely above the target without drifting too much . 
  so does pretty much everybody else . 
  it is because of esatap which delivers power via a usb port integrated into the esata port . 
  specifically :, 
   4b3 ) specification for the scramble program : an official scramble sequence must produce a random state from those that require at least 2 moves to solve ( equal probability for each state ) . 
  so there is quite a bit of luck involved , but the world record is probably averaged over a number of solves from randomized cubes . 
  haggard garage is spreading !, 
  embrace the rice life !, 
  orion is at ucon , so is i think alex. 
  anyone know why the / r/haggard _ garage sub is private ? 
  name is mclaren btw . 
   they do have a soviet tank that has been retrofitted with a 20-foot-blade though , to chop down and crush the dead trees that refuse to decay currently littering the roadways . 
  needed a picture of that , [ so i found one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ibre8rf.jpg ) . 
  looks very different from what i 've imagined , sadly . 
  i regularly order pizza with extra cheese , the ammount of cheese really depends on the day . 
  i 've had anything from almost none to about a 1cm layer of cheese from the same place . 
  somehow it 's listed 3 times in pocket casts ... 
  you mean awesome . 
  screenshot function , use it . 
  it 's [ today calendar ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.underwood.calendar_beta&amp;hl=en ) . 
  title is top to bottom . 
  sauce is mayonese , tomato paste , sherry , rosemary , thyme and dijon . 
  thanks :d . only thing i missed is i forgot to toss the bun in the pan for a few seconds . 
  however , the bun was very fresh and it was nice regardless . 
  type of cheese . 
  edit : just realized it 's called [ cheshire cheese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheshire_cheese ) in english . 
  i think it 's called green leaf lettuce . 
  that 's from ' 98 . 
  rtorrent , everything else is for casuals . 
  played it on pc , do n't remember the controls . 
  as i 've said to kinkymoose5 , as far as i know it 's commonly called green leaf lettuce . 
  it looks nicer than the boring lettuce , but does n't taste much different . 
  if you want more taste try romaine lettuce , mizuna , arugula or pak-choi . 
  shreeded , blanched spinach or chard also work nicely . 
  replace corkscrews with this : https://youtu.be/ou3eevzwe20?t=77, 
  haggard garage . 
  imangine what would happen if tombstone 's and icewave 's blades collide full force . 
  that would probably break the arena glass . 
  as i 've said before , replace the screws with this : https://youtu.be/ou3eevzwe20?t=77, 
  what was the plan of the round spinner ?
