  i 'll show myself out . 
  nexus 5 owner here , mine does . 
  maybe it 's country specific . 
  my htc before that also had that , and i think even my sony cybershot phone before that did . 
  i live in germany . 
  never happened on mine . 
  500 $ is tight but doable . 
  definitely do have a look at the [ wiki article on that topic ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/munich/wiki/apartment ) . 
  in wiefern ? 
  last time i checked you needed 3 copper wire factories for 2 green circuit factories , is that not true anymore ? 
  meh , sometimes the atm spits out only 100s , and the first person i pay at has the pleasure of dealing with that fact . 
  not knowing what `` ivy tech '' was i first assumed your post was about studying a ~ ~ mint ~ ~ stem course at an ivy league university , and i thought that is kinda impressive ... 
  oh , sorry , i confused the acronyms , mint is the german equivalent of stem . 
  printed ? 
  we need pbt doubleshots . 
  arri has a 65mm sensor in the arri 65 , which is absolutely mad . 
  if you move into a big city then there is no problem at all . 
  it 's a lot more prominent in smaller towns . 
  still , if a german wants to be understood by another german there will be no problem , it 's only if they intentionally speak the heaviest accent they can that it might get hard to understand . 
  i 'm german . 
  when i lived in a student dorm i was one of the few with a car . 
  as such i often offered to take others to the supermarket with me for groceries . 
  this one spanish guy was 10 minutes late , just as i wanted to leave without him he entered the parking garage . 
  he did n't even mention being late , no apology , i asked him about it and he seemed surprised that i was upset ... 
  how did they get stolen ? 
  he never said anything about a festival , he actually said it happened at a house he stayed at . 
  the tent i use on festivals actually has a small area between the inner tent and the waterproof outer shell that i always put my shoes in , so they 'd have to open the outer shell first . 
  oh , ok . that is kinda tiny though ... 
  because if that is in game , then there is really no reason for gimbals not to aim perfectly on their own ... 
  yes , nvidia are the rulers , well said . 
  ah , the pickle cleanse . 
  yes , `` tohuwabohu '' is a ( kind of rarely used ) german word that directly stems from that , and describes chaos . 
  robowabohu is a pun created by mixing tohuwabohu and robot . 
  i love that movie , and it 's similar to one of my other favorites , the raid ( : redemption ) . 
  some holiday apartments try to pull that shit . 
  my dad would bring several 100w bulbs with us on holiday , because darkness is not an option . 
  meh , shorting him on change is not an option in my opinion . 
  if you ca n't break a reasonable bill you have to come back for your money . 
  that actually happened to me once . 
  i only had 50 $ bills , the order was like 25 , i actually wrote in the info thingy that we only have 50s , but the driver had like no change . 
  so he left the pizza with us and said he 'd be back later for his money with more change . 
  he came back like an hour later and we paid + tipped him . 
  of course , but generally i as a customer can expect the delivery driver to have a reasonable amount of change on him , so that i 'm not forced pay more than than i want to . 
  it 's ok with $ 1 , but what if i ordered for $ 10 and only had a $ 20 bill , or like in my case , 25 $ order , 50 $ bill . 
  holiday apartments are fully furnished apartments , with kitchen , living room etc. 
  we usually rent those when we go skiing for a week or more since on bad weather days you can stay at `` home '' for a day and cook or something . 
  usually we go with 2-3 families and rent a whole house , so we can do stuff like communal cooking in the evening . 
  you can get holiday apartments pretty much everywhere in europe . 
  i generally prefer those for longer vacations as you have more space and more options than in a hotel . 
  holiday apartments are fully furnished apartments , with kitchen , living room etc. 
  we usually rent those when we go skiing for a week or more since on bad weather days you can stay at `` home '' for a day and cook or something . 
  usually we go with 2-3 families and rent a whole house , so we can do stuff like communal cooking in the evening . 
  you can get holiday apartments pretty much everywhere in europe . 
  i generally prefer those for longer vacations as you have more space and more options than in a hotel . 
  if i require more then like $ 20 in change i will write it in the delivery instructions and it has so far worked for me every time . 
  however , i recently started paying online only and handing the driver a cash tip . 
  fully furnished condo type thing . 
  my dad is adamant on having enough light if he wants it . 
  my parents ' living room has flourescent lamps indirect lighting all the way around the room , if you turn those on it 's bright as day . 
  they do have other , dimmable , lights in the room as well though and the flourescent lamps are usually only turned on when a lot of light is needed . 
  but having that option is nice . 
  i kind of do that as well , the light in my living room is really bright if you do n't dim it down . 
  if i decide at 3 am that i want to fix stuff in my pc right now , np . 
  something like that probably got me my slot . 
  i transfered to one of the top universities here in germany , and had to do an interview . 
  they also asked me if i already knew a course that interests me there . 
  i had printed a list of all courses and marked the ones that i thought were interesting beforehand , and luckily had that list in my bag . 
  i like to imagine that gave me some bonus points . 
  that is incredibly weird to me . 
  i 'm pretty sure asking anyone about their race / background or god forbid , religion , would be a big nono here . 
  if you have citizenship and the required exams , you qualify . 
  no exceptions . 
  here the lowest bill is 5 $ , that would be a lot of tip sometimes ... 
  colemak . 
  beyerdynamic cable ? 
  reinstalling . 
  do they have proper support for the x52 pro hotas now ? 
  it had problems with the throttle axis being split into 2 axis ... 
  i tried it now , and it works on my x52 pro . 
  i can go from 0 to 100 no problem . 
  # l \u00dc g e n k a r t e !!, 
  i pass through one of those basically every day when i enter / leave work . 
  having an umbrella with you while it 's raining is also a challenge with those . 
  imho it 's way too massive and imposing for that arrangement . 
  the room looks like it 's not really high enough for that and the furniture looks crammed in front of it . 
  ebook readers did that for a long time . 
  right , but then putting something that massive there looks out of place for my taste . 
  a more minimalist fireplace would look much better . 
  he 's from the erdogan family . 
   absolutely try putting yaw on the x axis of the stick and roll on twist ( this will probably fix most of your problems with aiming alone ) . 
  it makes aiming a lot more natural and more closely resembles fps aiming on a controller . 
  as i 'm playing other flight sims and even space sims a lot , the setup of roll on left/right is completely ingrained . 
  that ca n't be changed . 
  yes , i found you have to map both axis parts to the analogue throttle . 
  then the throttle does 0-100 % on full range . 
  i mapped airbrake to a button . 
  the analogue brake is from wheel brakes i think , you can map that to the pedals . 
  my only remaining question is : is that a post-it or is it american cheese ? 
  i have an apple pencil , it 's from california as well . 
  can i use that as a pipe somehow ?
