  can confirm increased happiness even before it arrived . 
  i bet the inside is lovely , with the light streaming in between those pillars . 
  nope . 
  all my important data is backed up on my nas already . 
  i only wanted to do the clone so that i could keep the old pc running in case something goes south with the new one . 
  however , i 'm currently inclined to just say fuck it , wipe the ssd and put it in the new machine . 
  the ssd is by crucial , the drive is a used 2tb hitachi ultrastar which a friend of mine bought in bulk . 
  to my knowledge i cloned the entire drive , at least that 's what i told the software to do . 
  i have done this before , but then i used a live linux and cloned using dd . 
  this time i thought i 'd give that tool a try , since i would n't have to boot into linux for it . 
  same . 
  i know it wo n't be noticable , but i just ca n't justify buying an older model . 
  the only question is 512gb or 1tb :d . 
  i do n't really want water in my pc . 
  this thing is supposed to be completely maintenance free and reliable . 
  the performance of that cpu is fine for now , i 'll start ocing when i want more power ( or buy kaby lake ) :d . 
  does watch dogs 2 come with every samsung ssd ? 
  i will buy a samsung 960 pro nvme ssd as soon as it hits the market here . 
  my old 24 '' 1080p 60hz samsung . 
  however , my plan is buying a 27 '' 1440p 144hz g-sync . 
  not completely decided which one yet though . 
  problem is , i really dislike the `` gamer '' aesthetic many of those have , so all of those asus rog abominations are pretty much out of the question ... 
   it 's also only open to u.s. residents . 
  i live in germany , no watch dogs 2 for me ... 
  i 'm using studio headphones ( beyerdynamic dt990 pro ) which have a fairly high impedance of 250 ohms . 
  onboard sound and regular sound cards will have trouble driving them , and the sound quality degrades when you turn them up . 
  the one i 'm using has an integrated headphone amplifier which can drive headphones with up to 600 ohms of impedance . 
  beyond that it also has a very high quality dac ( digital to analog converter ) which produces clearer sound than onboard soundcards can typically produce . 
  that one looks decent , thanks . 
  i do n't know yet what type of panel i want , new monitor is not top priority right now . 
  that one does n't look too bad apart from the stand ... 
  it 's glorious ... 
  right where the case window is ... 
  i 'm now a believer as well :d, 
  garage herrenrasse . 
  oh yes . 
  did n't have much time to try it out yesterday , but i 've played a few rounds of overwatch and it 's like a different game once it actually runs smoothly . 
  now i 'm thinking about which games i need to play next . 
  i think i 'll go with arma 3 for today . 
  fur mar does not change the voltage . 
  it 's just a very stressfull test , but every card has to be able to withstand it . 
  it 's november , the beergardens are closed , and therefore they do n't serve grilled chicken . 
  elektrik . 
  now the real questions , do project reality and forgotten hope 2 work with that ? 
  oh nice , might have to give it a try at some point . 
  however , right now i 'm kinda caught up in arma 3 :d . 
  it 's not that much of a thing in restaurants , it is however very much a thing in beergardens in bavaria . 
  in many beergardens in munich you ca n't even get beer in smaller glasses . 
  nice !, 
  me and a bunch of friends enjoyed fh2 a lot . 
  i especially liked the artillery system . 
  the mod always felt incredibly polished to us , with the big pool of detailed maps and very cool vehicles . 
   as for throttle/air brake , i know there used to be a bug that if more than one joystick axis was bound to it , the game would only register maximum 50 % throttle . 
  so only bind a single joystick axis . 
  oh , that might be my problem . 
  i had trouble getting a wipeout in the air yesterday , but i remember it being really easy last time i played about a year ago . 
  i 'll have to look into this . 
  can we somehow get a debug output as to where the throttle is at ? 
  also , planes used to have a boost / `` afterburner '' thing , do you know which binding that is ? 
  sprint or vehicle turbo ? 
  is there a comprehensive guide to the new vtol aircrafts ? 
  i playing around with them in simulator , and there are a few weird things about them . 
  edit : already found the answers i was looking for , nvm . 
  are you absolutely sure ? 
  i am very sure they did . 
  it made you go faster than normal max speed of the plane . 
  did n't have mods installed , used the wipeout most of the time . 
  yes , that 's what i mean . 
  i was asking which of the key bind options that is on planes , there is sprint , fast forward and vehicle turbo . 
  i know both of them are bound to shift , i was wondering which one of them i have to bind my hotas button to on which i want that function . 
  hhowever , to be sure i 'll probably bind it to all of them . 
  i assume every household will now just get one in the mail ? 
  i bought my cpus without cooler ... 
  would you recommend playing it with a controller over mouse + kb ? 
  i finally have a fast pc and i 'm currently planing with games i want to play that i can actually run current games . 
  nah , i 'll find my own keybinds , i 'm a bit peculiar in that regard ( esdf masterrace ) . 
  i actually just saw , that witcher 3 goty is on 40 % off sale on gog , snatched it right up . 
  i think you can select if you want with or without cooler for every cpu here . 
  might be eu law or something . 
  meh , daily full system backup using borg . 
  if it shits the bed i can have it back up and running in minutes ... 
  this has happened to me so many time , also with things in wrappers , unwrap something , put content in trash , put wrapper in food / mouth etc. 
  i was a student employee at the company i now work for for several years . 
  i now work in a different lab , however , i often find myself walking to my old desk , then staring blankly at a confused new intern for a few seconds . 
  yes . 
  it 's glorious . 
  i 'm also about to jump in , anything i should know for my first time playing it ? 
  i did play witcher 2 for a while , but my old pc was quite slow even for that . 
  now i got a new machine and bought witcher 3 goty on gog yesterday . 
  i has been downloading while i 'm at work , and i 'll start out today once i get off work . 
  i do n't know if there are actual physical stores that sell current gen components for reasonable prices . 
  i think i know nobody that does n't order components online ... 
  right , it 's one of * those * companies , that reddit loves to death an will excuse any fuckups . 
  like evga and tesla . 
  ha , right . 
  did this as a summer job once . 
  the survivor of hathsin . 
  does n't that one have the fire issues ? 
  i love my gainward card , so silent and cool even under full load . 
  would recommend .
