  more than that is just esoterics , and you are probably never going to find music encoded that high . 
  i second that notion . 
  also they are easily one of the most comfortable things you can wear . 
  if he wants them for home use , then i 'd recommend the 990 . 
  they have less clamping force , i 've been told ( have not tried the 770 yet ) . 
  wow . 
  what breed is that ? 
  if i 'm ever going to get a cat i want one like that ^ ^, 
  that 's patented , i hear it 's pretty expensive . 
  wow mun landing without the map ? 
  nice !, 
  nice !, 
  i 'm currently planing my first mun mission , but i want to get back aswell . 
  probably a lander stage with a atomic thruster and a small fuel supply , aswell as a interplanetary stage that stays in mun orbit . 
  but first i need to learning how to dock in lko , i 've established a small space station there just for docking practice . 
  i do n't see any solar panels , how does it recharge ? 
  also , where is the xenon tank ? 
  well , since it does not seem to have a return engine , it might as well tip over . 
  what are those engines ? 
  next thing i plan is building a fuel delevery vehicle that can deliver 2 full orange tanks to my lko station . 
  probably going to use asperagus staging for this . 
  then i 'll get a similar station into mun 's orbit . 
  it takes me ages . 
  i usually get my 2 ships or stations or whatever into the same orbit , but then they are on the opposite sides of the planet and they never meet . 
  i 've not come much farther since . 
  but then again i only started yesterday . 
  are those the small hexagonal segments stacked up ? 
  just crash some habitat containers into mun , that 'll do . 
  how do i know where to put the node and by how much i need to widen my orbit for it to sync up , eg . 
  if the thing i want to dock is ahead of my space station i would increase the orbit 's ap so that i rendenzvous at pe , but how do i time it ? 
  edit : i think i got it , i just need to increase the new orbit 's orbital period by the time it would take my space station to `` catch up '' , if that makes sense . 
  i 've had one , but it was planned maintenance and announced two weeks prior . 
  it only lasted about 45 minutes . 
  also they do n't have any weight or drag , yet . 
  expanding on that , if i ` end flight ' then the craft i currently command disappears ? 
  but it looks cool and probably has a nice low center of mass . 
  germany :, 
  beer and wine , as much as you want , also in public at 16 + , if you are with your parents and they consent even as early as 15 . 
  `` harder '' alcohol like liqours and mixed stuff at 18 + . 
  i just got my first tiny little probe in mun 's orbit and it was kind of hard . 
  getting that first burn of the hohmann transfer right and not messing up my course was really hard , i reloaded a bunch of times . 
  but now i have this tiny ion engine probe orbiting mun and it feels like a greater achievement than finishing most fps games i 've played . 
  what 's that white ballon thing ? 
  which of his engines is not stock ? 
  why use a process when you are not using any clocks . 
  this just makes things more complicated imho . 
  i 'm talking about this specific example in the article . 
  for teaching basic logic connection they should imho , just use consecutive statements without processes . 
  even with the 80 ohms you should probably get an amp . 
  i second kw rocketry . 
  it also adds a set of interesting engines and an even langer diameter size of fuel tanks and engines that facilitate heavy lifting without having too many parts . 
  define `` high quality sound chard '' . 
  depending on that we can recomennd you something different . 
  ok , so if i want to have maximum maneuverability then i should use the 4 ways . 
  the way i 'm doing it right now : i add 4 four-way thrusters around each end of the vessel . 
  as stated in the other thread , the magni is a nice choice , but i 'd go with the garage starlight . 
  however , since you have an amazon giftcard the magni is probably the best choice for you . 
  clocks are fine , but setting them forward is just bad practice . 
  learn to be punctual without that bullshit . 
  i always have a backup of toilet paper and water bottle crates . 
  as soon as i empty one and open the backup i buy the next backup , so i essentially never have less than 1 full pack of toilet paper or water bottles . 
  why would you throw out the sponge each time ? 
  there was this 4chan copypasta about growing crystals using pennies and household chemicals that would actually produce mustard gas . 
  it popped up in pretty much every info thread . 
  ah , so you only recommend that if the dishes have been rotting for an extended period of time , i see . 
  noone enters while people are still getting off , be as old as you want to be . 
  that sounds a tad bit harsh , even to me ... 
  main problem is , most of my clocks are radio clocks , so offsetting them by a few minutes is just not an option . 
  not true for the carbonated mineral water i drink . 
  saving, 
  look at mr. fancypants with his 8-track playing golf  . 
  you should submit that to / r/firstworldproblems, 
  wow , you really hate your ears . 
  beyerdynamic all the way . 
  in germany every student has to write in fountain pen until i think grade 5 , many keep writing in foutain since it 's just so nice . 
  the reason is that the nib forces you to corretly position the pen and control the force you apply . 
  also you need to handle it with care to not spill ink . 
  many consider sneakers not real shoes , but i really like my fred perrys . 
  i have fairly long hair and had that problem rather frequently with my pc360 . 
  did n't happen to my dt990s yet , since the foam seems thicker / denser . 
  they are reasonably flat and really comfortable . 
  if you wear them for extended periods that would be one of the biggest concerns for me . 
  other than that , i hear the audeze lcd 2 ist probably one of the most transparent pairs of headphones . 
   we fire the whole bullet , that 's 65 % more bullet , per bullet . 
  from one of the trailers . 
  the last sentence is genius , i started using that sometimes . 
   war is coming . 
  with all its glory , and all its horror . 
  mengsk , star craft ii : wings of liberty, 
  yeah , right ... 
  it 's not a real word in german , it 's what some small chrildren call it . 
  one sentence . 
  now that would be a religion i could get behind ... 
  you are right , i meant to say that it 's more something children say , not that nobody uses it . 
  it does however really astound me that it 's in the duden . 
  glass water bottle . 
  i always have at least one next to my bed . 
  they are really sturdy since they get reused . 
  [ german standard 0,7 liter water bottle . 
  even if it did n't , it probably would afterwards ...
