  i was confused there for a second , since both celery anc celeriac are called `` sellerie '' in german . 
  it 's a mandantory ingreadient in every broth and it adds amazing flavor to pasta sauces . 
  [ maultaschen ] ( https://i.imgur.com/1sezixc.jpg ) are a german variety of dumplings . 
  they are typically filled with a mixture of minced pork or veal mixed with spices , onions , bread crumbs and spinach . 
  sp\u00e4tzle are the food of gods . 
  they are the perfect side dish for anything savory that has a gravy , like game or any form of roast . 
  i 'm swabian and i need them at least once a week  . 
  do n't be sad . 
  i 've heard american sauerkraut is overly acidic and just tasted bad . 
  here it 's usually a lot milder . 
  probably my most favorite way of consuming it is a czech dish called '' [ szegediner gulasch ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cdofpa5.jpg ) '' , which is basically a spicy meat stew with sauerkraut . 
  [ chanterelles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chanterelle ) are the food of the gods . 
  there is a serving girl in the tavern in cyseal that has about 6k gold on her . 
  this gets refreshed every time you level up . 
  uhm , pretty sure that 's black . 
  yoletta or swaglet . 
  the moto360 is bigger than the other 2 smart watches , volume wise . 
  you do n't really need a notification led on a device with an always-on screen ... 
  yes , but it 's still an eyesore . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'll be jumping at that thing as soon as it hits the shelves , but it would be a lot nicer if they figured out a way to make that round display without that black portion . 
  it probably sits in that cradle like that because metal wrist bands usually do n't open fully , so they would have to go under the charger . 
  sony can pretty much always be trusted with quality and design . 
  did i miss something ? 
  we are talking about [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3jyowr2.jpg ) car , right ? 
  i was assuming that based on the photo where it sits next to a g watch . 
  sorry , i go that wrong then . 
  i assumed you were in the wrong thread or something . 
  nice , on my bmw i ` ts only on the right , and if i put that switch the other way the feature is disabled . 
  i know what car it is , that 's why i took a picture of it :d . you ca n't see it from this angle , but it 's plugged into a charging station . 
  the bmw behind it is also fully electric . 
  the electric bmw behind it is from a car sharing called drivenow , i acutally got a membership ( free from my university ) just so i could try those some time . 
  but the tesla is probably a whole lot cooler to drive than that . 
  biker related question for you : when i 'm on the highway ( autobahn ) motorbike riders often drive in my slipstream ( they stay behind me very closely , following me as i change lanes ) , probably because i drive a wagon and i 'm usually going pretty fast . 
  however that makes me kind of uncomfortable . 
  i usually get rid of them by very gently slowing down , is there a better way to tell them to get off of my tail ? 
  c-x c-s, 
  probably so kids do n't take the blades out and use them for non-intended purposes . 
  they can pass , they follow me when i overtake someone and follow me back to the right lane . 
  i think they just want to ride my slipstream as i usually cruise at 180 - 200 when it 's unrestricted . 
  ca n't find the option , probably do n't have the new version yet . 
  ah i thought you could enable it so it always show that option when on lockscreen , but that makes a lot more sense . 
  do n't stack plates . 
  you will get weird looks and the servers will think you 're some kind of peasant . 
  when you 're done eating , pick up your napkin from you lap , dab your mouth , fold your used napkin and put it to the left of the plate on the table . 
  if you want to be especially correct put fold to the left and the open side towards the plate . 
  then put your utensils on the plate with the handles facing in between 4 and 5 o'clock direction . 
  this will let the waiting staff know you 're done eating and they will pick it up for you . 
  they can also stack the plates a lot nicer on their arms that way instead of carrying a stack of plates . 
  the situation where you stack the whole table 's plates should never really arise , since people usually do n't finish eating at the same time , and by the time the last one finishes most of the plates should have already been cleared away . 
  when you 're done fixing the ring , put some form boards around the outside and fill it with polymer resin . 
  oh yes , the no-skip walk , totally forgot about that . 
  could i get a tow truck if 2 people parked so close to me that i could n't get out ? 
  1 . acquire powerfull rear wheel drive car, 
  drive to a safe place with little traffic, 
  3 . disable all electronic stability programs, 
  4 . head into a sharp turn, 
  5 . floor it, 
  the merc next to him is on the handicapped spot , look closely . 
  `` australian installs the game doom on the pc inside a decommissioned atm in his backyard . '', 
  would be a more apropriate title , stop posting clickbait . 
  also , you could directly link to his [ youtube channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/aussie50 ) . 
  do that with a quran and you 'll get death threats . 
  we had one like where i grew up . 
  best part was you were allowed to bring your own food drinks , so we always went in with a case of beer and a couple of pizzas . 
  it 's in rome , our guide called it `` the typewriter '' , and it 's very controversial . 
  many see it as an eyesore that blocks the view to or from some plaza designed by michelangelo , i think it was campidoglio . 
  it 's also not old , it does n't follow roman building styles at all , and it was built as a demonstration of grandeur by some political leader . 
  why would you buy that watch from your carrier ? 
  it has no sim card , you can buy it from anywhere you like , e.g. 
  amazon . 
  it 's a title , not a name , and it 's from the tv/book series game of thrones / a song of ice and fire . 
  irrelevant stickers on car :, 
  + pirelli, 
  + every thing / / / m, 
  imho it 's the tackiest thing to plastering a car with stickers from manufacturers not present on the car . 
  do n't forget the sports suspension and seats , imho the most important parts . 
  mine also has the sports package ( seats , suspension , steering wheel , interior aluminum trim , exterior shadowline trim ) , but not the body kits . 
  * boost conveter, 
  buck converters lower voltages . 
  we have 2 fiskars axes like that , they are amazing at splitting firewood . 
  i think the one op posted is a knock-off , since i 've never seen a fiskars axe with that `` do it '' branding . 
  [ website ] ( http://www2.fiskars.com/gardening-and-yard-care/products/axes-and-striking-tools ), 
  that 's a splitting axe for firewood . 
  both his parents were murdered . 
   on march 16 , 1988 , thompson and his wife trudy were killed by two gunmen at their home in bradbury , california in the foothills of the san gabriel mountains . 
  his dad : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mickey_thompson, 
  however terrible that is , it was 20 years later , still does n't explain why his dad did n't try again a year later . 
  she had nothing to do with it , if it was n't her picture it would be some different one . 
  that picture is however the definite standard , we used many times it during all the image compression / recognition classes i had at university . 
  maybe he 's a cook and he 's talking about actual [ lardon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lardon ) . 
  the whole jungle revolution album is a masterpiece . 
  now if only that was possible on 4.4.4 . 
  i just tried it and the app did n't work . 
  highest recorded tempreature in january : -16.6 \u00b0 c, 
  wait , so it 's illegal for the people in the back to drink alcohol in the us ? 
  what are you driving ? 
  maybe your car does n't please them . 
  any extra loud exhausts ? 
  usually on a built-in sd card . 
  i got mine around 2000 ( the old model ) and i still use it a lot .
