  blockchain airplane maintenance , good idea !, 
  add in smart contracts that prevent the plane from taking off if maintenance is not correct . 
  plane wifi is a bit slow for that , do n't you think ? 
  it 's an older meme but it checks out . 
  had an order at 585 :d, 
  nice , did you close at the dip ? 
  siehe https://www.reddit.com/r/munich/wiki/apartment . 
  riding a bike is inherently less safe than driving a car . 
  if you ca n't accept that fact and want to increase your safety on the cost of others by having an annoyingly loud machine then fuck you . 
  if you want to be safe , get a car . 
  it 's really funny when they slip when jumping , thereby not jumping far enough . 
  you can see the terror in their eyes mid air . 
  that is actually implicitly allowed in the rules iirc . 
  wow . 
  pizza place : large visible woodfired oven . 
  cocktailbar : barkeeper asks you what gin you want your martini made with . 
  also , i 've often found the sentence `` the shittier the hotel , the better the wifi '' to be true , so look for shitty expensive wifi i guess ? 
  are they ? 
  every bike i ever had you could just have it roll or paddle backwards while it 's rolling foraward ... 
  to be fair , my first car was a polo 6n , and i loved it . 
  but by now i 'd say it 's fair to call it shitty . 
  try that on any remotely modern car and you 'll get alarms left and right . 
  i 'd say 90 % of car owners do n't know how to disable the tilt/acceleration sensors of their car alarms . 
  hint for bmw owners : press the lock button again within like 5 seconds of locking the car . 
  this disables the tilt and acceleration sensors as well as the interior motion detectors . 
  handy if you want to tow it or lock the car with a person or pet inside . 
  door and glass shatter sensors will remain on . 
  he 's right , it looks like a child is eating . 
  chinos and a button down shirt ? 
  you missed some from of grill for the saussages . 
  i have winter air in my winter tires and summer air in my summer tires . 
  no , since it 's by ubisoft . 
  do n't really like that sub too much . 
  i usually just read gq and let that inspire me . 
  i will always love the nicely flared out front fenders on e9x cars . 
  they are doing it wrong . 
  you dont even the stone firepit , just put it upside-down over a fire and grill on it . 
  if you want to cook this yourself , the sort of tomatos you use is very important . 
  the kind you want to use are [ san marzano plum tomatos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/san_marzano_tomato ) , which is what he 's using as well from the looks of it . 
  they taste so incredibly good in all kinds of italian sauces . 
  so good in fact that they are the only tomato variety that 's allowed to be used in true neapolitan pizza . 
  it 's on the menu on most cocktail bars here , too . 
  as seen on game of * crowns * ? 
  i think every cocktail bar in germany that i 've ever been to really . 
  * duck, 
  solved !, 
  wisconsin swiss ... 
  that is imho a perversion of the term . 
  call you cheese wisconsin , not swiss , and build your own reputation ... 
  ftw !, 
  every year ? 
  if your system is not broken then you should never have to replace it . 
  american power installations are bad and you should feel bad . 
  i first truly realized the difference when i talked to someone from the us about home nas . 
  he insited you absolutely need a ups to go with it , or it will crash `` on every little power outage '' . 
  i then told him that i 've been running my nas for nearly 3 years straight here and it has not once been rebooted by a power outage . 
  the last time i remember we lost power was when i was like 8 . 
  that was unbelievable to him . 
  also , the regular outlets in german homes are powered with 230v , 16a , which yields about 3600w * per outlet * . 
  multiphase outlets for stuff like stoves are a lot more powerfull still . 
  your puny 110v system is funny . 
  my 12/2007 3 series has never had a climate service done as far as i know , and the ac still puts out freezingly cold air . 
  wovon redest du ? 
  could n't this dns filtering also be implemented locally by posing as some sort of dns cache or device local dns server ? 
  i , too , would love it if the user could select the ad blocking lists himself and could maybe in addition even choose which dns servers the devices uses after the filtering . 
  shoutout to [ block this ] ( https://block-this.com/ ) , open source ad block for android , does not require root . 
  blocks ads from within apps as well . 
  is there any other pizza cheese ? 
  how do you make your pizza tomato sauce ? 
  looks great by the way . 
  also , why do you own a pizza oven , i 'm jealous as fuck . 
  right !, 
  i personally love fettuccine with it . 
  it 's lacking some redness in my eyes . 
  did you not use any tomatos ? 
  right , so you use tomato passata . 
  i can get that here , too , i 'm from germany . 
  up until recently i 've used oro di parma premade pizza sauce , but i do n't really like it all that much to be honest . 
  i 've since switched to using peeled , canned and boiled san marzano tomatos and ginving the a few zaps in the blender . 
  that works out wonderfully . 
  oh , another question : do you use the fresh mozzarella that comes in brine ? 
  i sometimes have problems with that making my pizza sort of watery . 
  i 've resorted to slicing the fresh mozzarella , folding it in a towel and pressing it , that seems to help . 
  i usually get the whole peeled mutti san marzano tomatos and make my sauce from them . 
  i love their taste , and i also use that for my bolognese . 
  same thing in germany . 
  if you see tipico or bet2win then you know it 's a harsh area . 
  that is a very american thing . 
  here in europa it 's 1 pizza per person . 
  that 's the way it is in italy as well . 
  everybody orders their own idividual pizza with the topings they want . 
  how i want to make an ad engine that detects jittery mouse movements and , if detected , displays scam ads . 
  to expand on what the other people have said here : i currently live in munich and when big festivals are held traditional clothing is very widely worn here . 
  not just to those festivals , but even business officials in the company i work at will ditch their suits and wear lederhosen to work . 
  same goes for women in dirndl . 
  this is completely acceptable here in munich . 
  i have 2 different routes to work by public transport that both take about 30 minutes total . 
  one route is using two bus lines , wich stop pretty much right outside my home and work . 
  the other route invloves walking about 15 minutes and taking a tram and a subway . 
  if the weather is n't terrible i 'll always choose the route that includes more walking .
