  we got like 3 random dds in the group , the rest was our hc group . 
  after whe brutalized lfr archi one of the random dds was like :, 
   '' :o , 1st try kill , never happened to me before '' . 
  straight after doing hfc hc with our guild we queued for archi lfr . 
  we were a few people short for lfr so like 3 randoms got to join . 
  during the run everyone shouted the usual stuff our raid lead usually says during the archi encounter . 
  one dps tried intentionally dieing in the green sludge after the first bloodlust so he would get br 'd and could get bl again , but the healers refused to let him die . 
  during the nether phase both tanks went into the nether phasing for fun , so the melees tanked no problem . 
  healers told us to stand in the fire so they could push more hps . 
  archi died quite fast , after the try one of the 3 randoms that got to join in said :, 
   :o , 1st try kill , never happened to me before . 
  he was clearly somewhat impressed :d . 
  sadly our logs from yesterday seem to be broken , when uploading them they show up as empty somehow ... 
  as a destro still trying to get a mythic gsr i could n't agree more ... 
  one of the other wls in my guild got one from a mission chest ... in mythic warforged . 
  flex does n't exsit anymore . 
  normal , heroic and mythic do not grant any valor . 
  bop on pull and swapblasting ppl into void zones is what we live for when we do normal hfc with twinks :d . 
  a bit high for my taste , but it 's certainly more practical that way . 
  oh , you made it worse . 
  i do n't get the obsession you americans seem to have with removing chrome . 
  imho should have instead buffed your headlights , that really makes one hell of a difference . 
  do this weeks timewalk event , accept the quest for it in your garison . 
  it will yield 500 valor and a hfc nh item . 
  also , the first timewalk dungeon gives you a quest item that grants a ton of timewalking tokens , which can be exchanged for ilvl 675 gear . 
  other than that :, 
  tanaan daylies for apexis , use apexis for baleful upgrade tokens . 
  do one daily heroic for valor , lfr for valor , get 3 crafted items in slots that will not conflict with t18 or other bis gear . 
  once you hit around 675 you might be able to find your first mythic dungeon groups . 
  two . 
  that ui is that ? 
  get the [ weakauras2 ] ( http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/weakauras-2 ) addon , then install the auras from http://strongauras.com/ . 
  you could also use affdots , but i vastly prefer the strongauras , as they display all the relevant information like trinket procs , spell availability and resources in a compact frame . 
  in addition to the above , i 'd generall recommend getting a ui package like elvui that improves many other aspects of the regular ui . 
  ah , i 'm using elvui right now , might have to give tukui a try though . 
  i heard it 's less cpu intense , which might be a good thing considering my general fps in raids . 
  there are other signs . 
  class halls are a form of social segregation that helps combat inter-class bullying . 
  player races are already segretated at the start of the game , only beeing allowed to mingle later on . 
  soon all damage meters will stop displaying data and they will just be windows saying `` you are a strong , beautiful damage dealer '' . 
  it would be so cool if we did n't go through some gate , but instead we all gather in dalaran and the city starts floating to the broken isles , like the zeppelins . 
  is that lod about my post or about the emote being removed ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm more of a circlejerk kind of guy ... 
  because being offended by the / rude emote is ridiculous beyond belief . 
  i also ca n't really believe they would remove the / rude emote because it offends someone , in that case they 'd surely also remove the / spit emote . 
  there are likely other reasons . 
  1 . open weakauras in game by typing / wa in the chat, 
  2 . click new, 
  3 . select import, 
  4 . paste the code for one of the auras in there, 
  5 . repeat for the other auras you wish to import, 
  it may cause your game to freeze for a while , just wait until it 's finished . 
  in that case , see my original post . 
  * nothing but kindness in here ~ *, 
  dank memes do n't post themselves . 
  the easier thing to do would be to just tunnel his data through a vpn , no need to keep a home pc running . 
  in that case i would still rather set up a vpn to my home pc than surfing the web through teamviewer . 
  yes , but when i first saw this thread i thought the safe space comment just had to be made . 
  wow, 
  freeze the rest . 
  get some vmr v710 19 '' wheels . 
  join any heroic raiding guild . 
  should be no problem if you have some decent logs . 
  or get one crafted and upgrade it to ilvl 715 using valor . 
  i have it macro 'd , but with a party condition . 
  on my wl the ring is macro 'd to dark soul , but only if i 'm not in a party . 
  on my tank it 's marco 'd to holy avenger , but only if i 'm not in a raid . 
  also , if i 'm designated to use it i can hit the macro button with a ctrl modifier , which will override the party condition . 
  the macros :, 
  paladin tank :, 
  #showtooltip holy avenger, 
  / use [ nogroup : raid ] [ mod : ctrl ] sanctus sigil of the unbroken, 
  / cast holy avenger, 
  #showtooltip dark soul, 
  / use [ nogroup ] [ mod : ctrl ] nithramus the all-seer, 
  / cast dark soul, 
  these macros use the ring when casting the 2 min cd cooldown either if i 'm alone or if i hit the button with the ctrl modifier . 
  stormspire is still the coolest settlement in the game though . 
  go full mastery / crit , as the others have said this is ideal for destro . 
  as an added bonus , that combo is n't all that bad for affliction either , especially once you have the archimonde trinket , since that provides a huge flat haste bonus for affliction . 
  disc is currently very good and every progression oriented raid group will have one . 
  the thing is , they will have exactly one , as more than one disc priest provides nearly no additional heal . 
  if you take a look at some high end logs on warcraftlogs you will see that not many holy priests appear in the top rankings , because other healers are currently just better ( logs are not that important for healers and can be padded fairly easily , but this is still somewhat of a valid metric ) . 
  most guilds will have one disc priest and 4 or 5 non-priest healers . 
  now the advantage you have as a holy is that you can still join raids that already have a disc , but most guilds will prefer to have other healers in their composition . 
  [ got them on my wagon , everyone seems to love them ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ndxaggb.jpg ) . 
  crafted weapons only go up to 705 , armor goes to 715 ( without valor ) . 
  well , the roof is over twice the hight of the castle , and all rooms in the would have basically no windows . 
  complaining wo n't help , tickets are only valid if stamped . 
  yes . 
  the tank one will still work in 5 man parties , as you are the only tank there ( usually ) . 
  get the silver ones . 
  i do n't really like black wheels on black cars . 
  i literally have n't seen a single destro warlock in hfc hc or higher that does not have it . 
  at this point i think i might have to turn it off for more individuality :d . 
  ohh !, 
  amazon.de is selling the digital code for 14.99 $ , see http://www.amazon.de/world-warcraft-warlords-draenor-add/dp/b00jea86b2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1448373804&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=draenor . 
  your countries amazon might have a similar deal , or you could just buy it from the german one . 
  edit : just read you are looking for the us version .
