  or , maybe , her grandfahter was not american . 
  the word * pepperoni * is a corrupted translation that comes from the italian * pepperone * , which is bell pepper , which grows on small trees . 
  nobody calls salami saussage * pepperoni * except amercians , in pretty much all other languages a variation of the word * pepperoni * means bell pepper or chili . 
  well , she 's going to register her own mail address sometime when she 's 14 , and she 's going to be pissed when she discovers her name is taken . 
  get pocket casts . 
  they have a ( premium , $ 9 one-time only payment ) desktop feature where you [ listen to your podcasts on their website ] ( https://play.pocketcasts.com/ ) . 
  it 's fully synced with the app on your phone . 
  just plug your headphones in your work pc and listen away . 
  i love raisins . 
  i always had a metal ruler throught school . 
  it was not a flat one , it was pressed with some kind of profile that made it super rigid , somewhat like [ this ] ( http://www.printfinishingsuperstore.co.uk/ekmps/shops/elmstok/images/ion-metal-ruler-for-cs90-cutter-systems-2823-p.jpg ) . 
  when we had occasional ruler swordfights it always came out on top . 
  it has destroyed hundrets of plastic rulers and deeply notched several other metal rulers . 
  oh , that 's kind of shitty . 
  i know a few people that work for a company where cameras are not allowed inside . 
  several of them have old smartphones for work where they smashed the camera so they could still use it there . 
  oh i love ironic failures like that . 
  i took an extracurricular business class . 
  one part of it was held by the chair for strategy and organization . 
  that part started out with several lecturers accidentally beeing there at the same time , confused , and without their presentation . 
  munich , everybody does that here . 
  apparently that mechanism was invented so that soda manufacturers could claim one can is actually several servings in the nutrition information . 
  most energy drinks using big cans have them here , like relentless . 
  was about to say that . 
  the malbecs i had so far were deep purple or very dark red . 
  my current every-day favorite wine is [ andeluna 1300 mablec ] ( http://www.andeluna.com.ar/en/andeluna-1300-malbec/ ) . 
  right , the andeluna malbec totaly does that . 
  it 's a part of vine culture that is not that often talked about :d . 
  they do look nice and are very remniscient of the gti 5 hole wheels . 
  do you know how much they weigh ? 
  they are forged right ? 
  what kind of cryptography are you employing ? 
  or does this solely rely on security by obscurity ? 
  that is actually usefull . 
  and i would have thought it was smaller than that . 
  s.s. 19, 
  yes , ideally the web server and the rf transmission should use some kind of cryptography . 
  well , you could make you own if you really wanted . 
  the msp430 microcontroller for example comes with an rf stack and hardware acceleration for aes . 
  that is very basic math , i do n't see the problem ? 
  especially so if you have flying unlocked . 
  it 's just a bunch of angles for calculating that cone . 
  you learn that in grade 9 . 
  it 's basic trigonometry , which here ( germany ) is taught in primary education . 
  depending on the type of school you go to you will reach even differential calculus before you leave school and go to university . 
  he 's right . 
  android has had a built-in flashlight in the quick settings since 4 . whatever . 
  it 's manufacturers custom stuff that sometimes removes that . 
  no need to apologize , that guy tweeting it also kind of overhyped it :d . 
  perfect position imho is in a chair / recliner with a legrest so i can lean back quite far , place my feet up on the legrest and put the book in my lap if that description makes sense . 
  also my car seats are imho the most comfortable seats i own , i 'd love to have them as a pc chair . 
  i love reading in the car while i wait for someone . 
  that plastic shuts out air so the grass ferments into silage , which is long-term storable winter food . 
  i always love people playing dnb songs for real , for example [ this kid playing shellshock by noisia ft. foreign beggars ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1aoufjawti ) . 
  that is a lot of eggs . 
  i usually make 3 when i do scrambled eggs and that is still quite a lot for a breakfast . 
  do you have a ricer cooker ? 
  do you eat left over rice from the day before ? 
  i 'd be way too lazy to cook rice in the morning . 
  luckily the alarm volume is entirely separate on android . 
  also i have set up my phone to be completely silent while on the qi charger on my nightstand , except for alarms . 
  i really hate putting songs i love as my alarm , because i will inadvertently start to hate them . 
  ** your arrogance will be your undoing !, 
  does class trinket even work in ashran ? 
  it does n't work in arena ... 
  just go full gw2 mode and allow everything to be cast while moving . 
  you are litterally running a copy of the world blizzard spent a ton of money to build and let people access it for free . 
  copy right strikes against private servers are imho fully justified . 
  i think blizzard does not go after these servers as they probably get more ppl interested in playing on blizz servers , though . 
  are n't the talent trees going to be massively changed with legion , again ? 
  ah sublime text , for when you for some reason are afraid of vim / emacs . 
  i used to use that too , but then i went with x-chat and now i use weechat , which is running on my raspberry pi . 
  that way i do n't need an irc bouncer to stay online and i can connect to it from any machine i want . 
  it even has a nice android app . 
  yep , demonology warlock it is . 
  are there any comments on how soul shards will work ? 
  back to a bag full of shards ? 
  or are they implemented separately , with a limit on how many you can have ? 
  you are dovahkiin , dragonborn . 
  yes , but only in the affliction spec . 
  this looks like they might go back to the old system ? 
  wait , the pvp gear does scale up in there , does n't it ? 
  fire and brimstone is arguably the best aoe dps in the game , or am i missing the point of your comment ? 
  ca n't really confirm that . 
  4 + mobs and f&b works fine , alternating between chaos bolt and incinerate . 
  no , rosenpaprika is not as hot as cayenne . 
  it 's somewhere in between . 
  another kitchen cofusion between us and germany is champignons / button mushrooms / portobello . 
  they are all the same mushroom ( agaricus bisporus ) , and in german they are simply called champignons . 
  more like `` sporty utility vehicle '' , amrite ? 
  another pet peeve of mine is taking german loanwords and just leaving the diaereses off the umlauts . 
  we actually have a way to write an umlaut withaut diaeresis , it 's done by adding an * e * after it . 
  so * \u00c4 / \u00e4 * would become * ae/ae * , the same applies to \u00dc\u00fc / \u00d6\u00f6 . 
  so you would either write * \u00dcber * or * ueber * . 
  the stig is n't wearing a leather jacket , he wears a white alpinestars racing onesie made of some fire retardant cloth . 
  please stop that blogspam and just like to the source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzq7ysyc-qy, 
  in germany you will reach the porsche headquarters of you dial 911 . 
  my german bmw does it from the fob . 
  you can order those , they are dirt cheap . 
  i heard many bmws sold in the us have that feature deactivated .
