  it seems like wacom have become complacent with their position in the market . 
  that is a properly insane way to counter fog . 
  i love it . 
  the apple pencil already worked really nicely on the last gen ipad pro , with the new improvements this generation has i think wacom are done for in terms of pen performance ... 
  i have a 12.9 '' ipad pro , but the old gen. bought it around christmas . 
  i love this thing . 
  oh , it 's not in the us ? 
  here in germany it is very much a protected title . 
  oh , we have a version of that in german , too . 
  here it 's a protected job description . 
  you get it when you get a master 's or sometimes a bachelor 's title in a relevant field . 
  the diploma says something along the lines of '' ... is granted the academic title master of science and may now use the job description `` engineer '' '' . 
  people without a degree use titles like `` technician '' , but those must be earned also . 
  oh , we do n't do that dipl . 
  thing anymore . 
  we switched to bachelor / master system now . 
  however , people with the old titles still use them . 
  i have a master 's degree in electrical engineering , and am an engineer by law , but my official title is `` yourfate , m.sc . 
  '' , no dipl . 
  before my name . 
  i can legally call myself engineer , but that title in front of your name is n't awarded anymore . 
  ca n't call yourself that here if you do n't have a degree in an engineering science . 
  right , i started studying in 2009 , back then the whole bachelor / master thing was pretty new there and i think we were the 2nd year of bachelor / master students there . 
  however , some universities were still offering dipl . 
  back then . 
  as far as i know that has now stopped . 
  most classes during my master 's at tum were in english and we had a lot of international students . 
  so festivalt man . 
  but is n't 50mm on crop kinda narrow ? 
  what would you use that for ? 
  i have a d7200 , so i can use even very old lenses . 
  which primes should i keep an eye on ? 
  i do n't care about loud or kinda slow af , as long as the image quality is good . 
  i saw 50mm af f/1 .8 lenses for about 60 $ on ebay , but idk if 50mm is that usable on aps-c , i think i 'd rather have 35 . 
  but for that price i think i ca n't let that pass ... 
  iglu offers salmon fish fingers here , which is somewhat similar i guess . 
  have n't tried those yet and do n't plan to ... 
  tell us what lens it is . 
  also , are you maybe confusing zoom and focus ? 
  i 'd only use filters for long shutter time landscape shots , and for that i 'd use a filter holder and square filters . 
  mounting filters for protection is not necessary imho , camera lenses are tough . 
  for carrying it i 'd get a small camera bag , the billingham hadley digital is very nice and would be good for that camera i think . 
  that is imho enough protection . 
  i 'm thinking of picking one up just for fun . 
  at that kind of price i think it would be weird not to ... 
   d7x00, 
  afaik the 7500 needs g lenses , as it has no ai-s tab . 
  it can focus , but it ca n't do light metering with older ai-s lenses when using the aperture ring . 
  you can change the focus screens on a lot of nikons , for example my d7200 , but there are no alternative screens for sale afaik . 
  i holding out for the ip8 . 
  i love my n5 , but no current android phone really interests me an i love my ipad pro so far , so i 'll go with ios all the way . 
  here ( germany ) most classes have one exam each semester , which usually counts for 100 % of that course . 
  if you fail that you can retry once . 
  if you fail again you have to formally request a 3rd try , which is usually granted if it 's the first time you need a 3rd try . 
  if you fail again , you are exmatriculated and ca n't study that major again anywhere in germany . 
  i always heard it as `` true , the early bird gets the worm , but the 2nd mouse gets to eat the cheese . '', 
  that lens uses a built-in af motor , so be sure that both the lever on the camera and the lens are set to af . 
  if your camera does n't have a switch for af , check the menu , you can enable / disable autofocus in there , too . 
  remove the lens and reattach it , if it 's not fully attached it wo n't focus either . 
  if that still does n't work go to a nikon dealer and have it looked at / try your camera with a different lens / try that lens on a different camera . 
   mainly cause i do n't have enough zoom to capture exactly what i am seeing, 
  that depends . 
  50mm of fx is roughly equivalent to your normal field of view , which is about 35mm on your dx camera , so within the range of your lens . 
  that said , i do understand what you mean . 
  zoom lenses , especially when they have somewhat large apertures , are expensive . 
  the cheaper ones thend to struggle a bit when it starts to become dark . 
  if you mainly go sightseeing in daylight , then those cheaper zooms you listed are ok . 
  the important thing at those longer focal lengths when shooting hand held is image stabilization . 
  it 's known as vr ( vibration reduction ) on nikkor lenses , tamron calls it vc . 
  the 55-200 you listed does n't have vr so i would not recommend that . 
  one widely used and fairly reasonably priced zoom that does have image stabilization is the tamron af sp 70-300mm 4-5 .6 di vc usd . 
  the other option is to get a 70-200 f/2 .8 . 
  those are a lot brighter , but also a lot more expensive and heavier . 
  tamron makes a great one , the tamron sp 70-200mm f/2 .8 di vc usd g2 . 
  there are older versions of this lens which are cheaper , but be careful , some of them do n't have built-in af motors , and since your camera does n't have one those older lenses would only work in manual focus . 
  look at the pictures in the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tilt%e2%80%93shift_photography#perspective_control_lenses ) , those cleared it up for me how they fix the perspective . 
  if you use an older lens that actually uses that af motor in the camera that could damage it . 
  with newer lenses ( af-s or af-p ) you 're fine . 
  af-s or newer , so af-p also works . 
  i 'd buy a 70-200 f/2 .8 tamron . 
  the older models are within your price range . 
  make sure to get one with image stabilization and a built-in focus motor . 
  i think it 's more of the active field of view , like the stuff you actively observe , the horizontal human visual field is 200-something degrees , which is a lot more than even 24mm offers . 
  how are the dlcs ? 
  should i get the season pass ? 
  a lot of wildlife overpasses have been built here in germany in the last 10 years . 
  congratulations on your new tilt-shift lomo lens . 
  i heard from someone who was on active duty in afghanistan , that you can easily spot how long a soldier has been in the field by how much of his gear has been upgraded with stuff from 5.11 . 
  my nikon has it disabled by default . 
  * hack anbraten, 
  is n't walmart liable if the product does not function correctly ? 
  should n't they have taken it back ? 
  i mean , now after 2 years probably not anymore , but if he went to them right when he bought it ? 
  i do n't know how the warranty system works in the us though . 
  right . 
  here the seller has to respect a warranty claim , regardless if the manufacturer grants a warranty or not . 
  so if i got that grey market camera here , it would not have been any problem . 
  i would have returned it to the seller . 
  if it 's on the underside of the focus screen a dust blower might get it off ... 
  gut , dietrich .
