  right ? 
  my radio does n't have a display . 
  also , the rear window ? 
  does it have a polarization filter as well ? 
  yes , the ones that come out of the dash . 
  what 's the problem there ? 
  each of those summoned demon hunters is played by a demon hunter player . 
  if you really want to annoy them you 'll set them to passive so all their spells are locked . 
  for gearing up i would suggest you do the tanaan apexis daylies every day , since the baleful gear is probably the best way to gear up currently . 
  additionally you should look into getting your 3 crafted items . 
  i would recommend getting crafted items for slots for which hfc does not provide good gear for your class / spec . 
  personally i use crafted cloak and ring , and i 'm about to craft shoes . 
  to determine what to craft / buy i 'd first look at all 5 t18 pieces and decide which 4 of those you want to equipe . 
  also try to focus on the legendary ring quest . 
  buy the stones / tablets in tanaan each week to maximize your progress in that regard . 
  love the hood prop . 
  wow , is that modded in any way ? 
  this looks amazing and might just get me to touch this game again . 
  underrated comment of the day . 
  he 's right , it 's `` breathed '' . 
  does n't matter , still awesome . 
  nope . 
  not an m3 means no stripes for you . 
  and you should really take that tow hook of , it 's just tacky no matter how much you track your car . 
  other than that the angel eyes look good , at least they are white and not some weird colours . 
  also , i 've seen worse fake german plates . 
  rightfully so !, 
  that is because every store in germany has been doing that since forever , and aldi is from germany . 
  saving this for my mage . 
  and i thought our 1 % archimonde hc wipe as frustrating . 
  on the flip side , i always delist my kazzak group when we pull , and i disband it after the kill . 
  i 've joined kazzak groups so many times only to realize they already killed it and were just about to leave . 
  simmilar thing here . 
  on xul i thought i would be a good idea do put my demonc circle right at the edge where the fel surge drop-off mark was . 
  well , i was out of range for demonic circle so i ran towards it , spamming my port button . 
  at some point i did teleport , but i was also still holding my run key ... 
  on the flip side , our main tank made fun of me before the next pull and while jumping around at the fel surge mark he , too fell off the platform . 
  kind of simmilar , a bunch of times when i wanted to run dragon soul for transmog gear i 've flown to that tower in northrend instead of the caverns of time ... 
  i was in a similar raid as well . 
  there was also a rogue constantly talking about how we need to join ts for lfr . 
  i finally decided to join and turns out he was quite a fun dude . 
  i have recently created a weak aura that reminds me to put on my archimonde trinket when i switch to affliction from destro . 
  there will always be some kind of gearscore/ilvl system . 
  and tbh , there are good reasons for it . 
  if i want to do something quickly and efficiently i 'll ask for high ilvl and find likeminded , overequiped people . 
  if you want a group with low gear just start one . 
  aaah , sorha quest log . 
  i was looking for that addon for a while and could n't find it . 
  change to details !, 
  already , skada is so last patch ... 
  is there any need for that on top of dbm ? 
  got one of those , works great . 
  ikea also started to sell some nice qi chargers and furniture whith built-in qi chargers . 
  i like how they flame that thing in about every 2nd podcast . 
  yes , in about 10 years you can send it to ashens to have it torn appart and probably burnt on that iconic brown couch of his . 
  garage 1217 project horizon iii headphone amplifier diy kit . 
  might treat myself to that although i have a perfectly fine headphone amp ... 
  buying pizza by the slice is a strange concept here in europe . 
  we usually go to an italian restaurant and you order one pie each . 
  well , the official symbol is \u00b0 f , but the clearly was some mistake during typesetting . 
  do n't dead , open inside . 
  afaik that is only for them to sense while sweeping their stick thing in front of them . 
  they would notice that before walking into that pole . 
  i have since switched to placing the circle where i want to stand and use it to port back after dropping off the nasty stuff . 
  that also helps when you need to get away from an add or something . 
  i do n't get it ... 
  just started reading * the name of the wind * . 
  like it so far , but after reading * a confederacy of dunces * ( great book btw ) before it the language seems overly simplistic to me . 
  same . 
  do you also point the front face of the card to the page you were reading ? 
  like , if i stopped somewhere in the right hand page i 'd face the front of the card to the right . 
  which features where those ? 
  can you recommend some high fantasy with a more poetic writing style ? 
  this is kind of the obvious answer , but have you looked into getting a kindle paperwhite ? 
  it 's backlit and you can dim that light . 
  it 's perfect in your setting because the level of light that is comfortable for reading in a dark room is really low and wo n't bother your wife at all . 
  you can then gift your old kindle to someone else . 
  i honestly ca n't recommend the paperwhite enough . 
  i always have the backlight enabled and the battery still usually lasts longer than it takes me to read a book . 
  i like the very customizable interface and it seems to be similarly easy on resources as skada is . 
  wow , those look interesting , thanks for the recommendation !, 
  instant kramer voice . 
  that editing was so obnoxious i had to turn off the video . 
  technically every pc is fluid filled since air is a fluid as well . 
  welcome to the touring life !, 
  the prison mentioned the most , santa fu in hamburg , was built in 1879 . 
  it 's kind of nice looking , see the pictures [ here ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/justizvollzugsanstalt_fuhlsb%c3%bcttel ) . 
  hnnng , release this already !, 
  meh , that green is a bit aggressive imho . 
  i also considered that car ( the subaru version , europe here ) , but i ultimately decided i needed something more practical and went with a used bmw 3 series wagon . 
  it 's a polo , it 's in between the lupo and golf . 
  german plates do n't have a dash and that hexagonal blue sticker is not present on the front plate . 
  i do n't know what i would like to see instead , but the other colors are very muted compared to it . 
  in general i like low contrast color schemes , like solarized light / dark or zenburn . 
  those are easy on the eyes for extended periods , which is really key if you look at code for 6 hours a day . 
  most lecture halls at the university i 'm at have that . 
  [ klein ] ( http://www.511tactical.com/rush-delivery-mike.html ) , [ mittel ] ( http://www.511tactical.com/rush-delivery-lima.html ) und [ gro\u00df ] ( http://www.511tactical.com/rush-delivery-xray.html ) . 
  you nearly nalied the * et voil\u00e0 * , accent and everything , but the o comes before the i. . . 
  eclipse ... 
  switching from something like eclipse to emacs / vim is kind of simmilar to switching from rubber dome to mech .
