  ofc , but comparing an m4 to that chav mobile is like comparing yves saint laurent to primark . 
  i agree that the st might be faster than my bmw , but i still dislike it . 
  i 'd personally take a gti over it any day . 
  however , if i had to buy a small inexpensive car i 'd go with a subaru brz/toyota 86 , small rwd car with a 2.0 l boxer engine . 
  i like the 1 series , they are compact , but they are still proper cars , quality interior , proper suspension and rwd , however bmw is kinda moving in the opposite direction , the new 1 series will be front-wheel-drive . 
  i really hope that movie has the reddit logo in the opening . 
  not the current one , the one that will be introduced 2017/18 will be . 
  is that possible in the us ? 
  here in germany there are laws that say your family will get a certain percentage of your belongings , regardless of what 's in your will . 
  kosher salt is an american term for plain , ground salt which does not contain anything like flouride or iodine . 
  it has nothing to do with religious traditions . 
  it confused the fuck out of me when i first read it , too . 
  i typically find it relaxing . 
  then again , i have very good teeth and it usually boils down to them inspecting them and then giving me a cleaning . 
  i did n't enjoy having my wisdom teeth removed all that much , but it was n't too bad . 
  also i only had 2 , the lower ones did n't exist on me . 
  german here , i payed all my star citizen stuff with my master card . 
  they told him not to do it . 
  i think the only reason we even think about liking it is because it 's on an m car . 
  if i saw a clio in that colour on the street i would n't even consider that colour to be nice for a second . 
  i think there was a wager at bmw headquaters , like, 
   `` this design is so baller , we can make it vomit green and people are still going to buy it . '', 
  `` no way ! '', 
  `` bet you . 
   however , should you do it anyway , plese send us some video . 
  they are saying that if he still does it he should post the video , they do n't tell him to do it . 
  what i really hate about cyclists is when i 'm the first one at a red light and they pass me left and right , while there is nearly no space so i 'm worrying if they might scratch my paint . 
  then when it turns green i have to be careful not to run them over . 
  just stay behind me , i 'm faster than you and by going in front of me you just inconvenience both of us ... 
  [ non mobile link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wednesday ) . 
  you can start playing ingress , while you 're at it . 
  in germany you can put a `` keine werbung '' ( no junk mail ) sticker on your post box . 
  then the mail man is not allowed you put anything in there that was not specifically addressed to you . 
  oh yes , i hate screaming babies in the subway . 
  that makes a sound ? 
  you suffer from [ misophonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/misophonia ) . 
  i 'm not american , so i ca n't provide any insight on that . 
  i just read a recipie that called for kosher salt so i found out what that was . 
  it 's not horrible for me , source : i just bit my wool sweater . 
  the biting left no marks on it , so i did n't deem it necessary to take a picture of mine . 
  why do you want to see it ? 
  not that i 'm aware , but please elaborate , what phrases or chants make you angry ? 
  well , thank you !, 
  have fun . 
  since i got my bmw i actually enjoy driving from my hometown to where i study . 
  dnb means drum and bass , it 's a form of electronic music , see / r/dnb , eps are extended play vinyls , a form of album . 
  the one-stop-shop answer to all things plastidip on cars : no . 
  i think i also have this on my e91 . 
  the ac still works fine , but it 's making a squeaking noise when in idle . 
  that one is pretty classy , nice font . 
  have n't you heard , we do n't like plastidip here anymore :d, 
  ulm is a very nice city . 
  really ? 
  when i changed it to english ( uk ) it said the any screen thing was not available for this language . 
  works pretty nicely in german . 
  you would have to stop the engine for that , though . 
  see [ integrated watch for ingress ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trigonesoft.itw&amp;hl=en ) . 
  i 'm carrying a concealed [ swiss wallet ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q2rirkz.jpg ) , is that the international suicide-by-cop sign ? 
  nitrogen is even called `` stickstoff '' in german , which literally means `` suffocation substance '' . 
  just buy some nitrogen , a piece of tube and a bag . 
  you wo n't even feel it , you 'll just fall asleep while breathing naturally . 
  your body wo n't be able to tell the difference since air is about 80 % nitrogen anyway . 
  just buy some nitrogen , a piece of tube and a bag . 
  you wo n't even feel it , you 'll just fall asleep while breathing naturally . 
  your body wo n't be able to tell the difference since air is about 80 % nitrogen anyway . 
  just buy some nitrogen , a piece of tube and a bag . 
  you wo n't even feel it , you 'll just fall asleep while breathing naturally . 
  your body wo n't be able to tell the difference since air is about 80 % nitrogen anyway . 
  put some ointment on you nose . 
  honestly , if he 's in a public place he should use headphones or turn the volume all the way off . 
  i do n't think a diamond dick statue would traumatize anyone . 
  if you add a donation button , just make it $ 1 , none of that $ .99 crap . 
  only in the free version . 
  you can go pro and have as many as you want . 
  get mirrors that dim when there 's a bright light behind you . 
  in germany there are strict laws about this . 
  if you have hids you need to have automatic leveling , and you also need to have head light washers . 
  the mirror has 2 different angles at which is reflects the light , the normal angle reflects like idk 70 % , and 30 % at the other . 
  that knob switches to the other angle , so you only get the 30 % version and the rest of the light is reflected into the roof of the car . 
  see [ here ] ( http://justinketterer.com/2010/04/29/rear-view-mirror-dimmer/ ) for details . 
  even better are electrochromatic mirrors , which automatically dim when there 's a bright light blinding you . 
  it works nicely for me . 
  i live in munich , and i usually use public transport to get to work and university . 
  public transport with google maps / google now is very nicely integrated here , the recommendations are pretty much spot on . 
  however , saturdays i usually use my car to go shopping , and i think google has worked that out . 
  every saturday morning it tells me the time to get to the shopping center , iirc it tells me the time it takes to go there by car , but i 'm not 100 % , i 'll check tomorrow . 
  i mainly use it for weather and to know when the next bus will arrive , if i 'm at a bus stop that does not have a digital sign . 
  took me a while until i had time to try , but i works nicely , so i bought it . 
  nice improvements would be controllable volume , maybe even tied to the selected media volume and support for google 's high-quality text-to-speech voices for nicer sound . 
  i 'm talking about electrochomatic mirrors that do that autmatically when someone is blinding you . 
  they dim the outside mirrors as well . 
  you ca n't just overtake cars on the right , even if they do n't use their blinkers . 
  apart from that , even if you take off early , i will still have to overtake you on the way to the next stoplight , and then the whole ordeal starts anew . 
  i like how it says `` copy ** w ** right '' in the end credits . 
  you would need diff lock as well . 
  i was really astounded when i read that the porsche cayenne has diff locks and low-range gears . 
  that thing is a decent off-roader . 
  because many people do tacky things with it , like colloring brake callipers or blackening emblems . 
  spiders are not insects . 
  it 's only in the sports seats , at least on the e90 .
