  disregard my advice then !, 
  in your case i 'd buy it from g2a . 
  that 's where i usually buy my gametime from . 
  i personally like them . 
  someone mixed up the words ` auchindoun ' and ` archimonde ' in some piece of code somewhere . 
  now let 's find out how we can get auchindoun to drop mythic archimonde loot . 
  lol change.org has never changed anything . 
  i assume it 's suited for writing texts only ? 
  or does it have like 300 layers that enable the use of all the missing keys ? 
  meh , on the rpi 1 the interface got really sluggish while playing high bitrate 1080p . 
  pausing the movie sometimes took a while for the ui to react . 
  on the rpi2 it is a lot better . 
  might be , i tried it in the first few weeks that the first pi was out . 
  i actually ordered mine from farnell the second the order page went life , from my smartphone , while my car was getting fixed :d . 
  i love it except for the m on the engine . 
  it 's not an m engine . 
  idk , when wow first came out , my parents though i was playing too much pc games as-is . 
  asking for a game with a monthly subscription would not have turned out very well ... 
  when i first swapped from enhancement to elemental on my shaman at lvl 100 i kept looking through my spellbook to find out about the earth spikes that strike your targets , but i could never find it . 
  until someone told me it 's my mastery ... 
  afaik you need a character at 55 or above before you can create a death knight . 
  share it with a mage . 
  you also need to explain that queues are expected because of black friday . 
  magnets . 
  how old are the people you dissect ? 
  are younger people , that have n't lived in the cities before current emmission regulations , still affected ? 
  wow , the moral downvotes hit you hard . 
  it was about cooking burgers and involves bacon . 
  there is also the [ warlord 's deathwheel ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/item=116788/warlords-deathwheel ) . 
  i live next door to a car dealership . 
  abount once every two weeks it will ask me if i 've visited a bunch of stores , among them the car dealership . 
  i 've not been near any of the others , some of them do n't even exist . 
  on the other hand , i 've been to ikea a few times lately , and each time i got a survey 1 or 2 days after asking if i 've been there . 
  union or bust . 
  nah , just implement a one account per person rule . 
  wait until you discover the wonder that is beyerdynamic . 
  so true for my hometown of about 4500 ppl . 
  if you wanted to know the newest rumours you just had to go to one of the two bucher 's shops and you were set . 
  also , their fries are better and the big king xxl is so much more of a burger than the big mac could ever be . 
  sparkling water is actually the default choice here in germany , you have to specify it if you want it flat . 
  it 's also pretty much the only thing i drink all day . 
  my parents house has a conservatory attached to the living room . 
  it 's made of thick insulated glass , the rain pouring on it makes the perfect amount of noise imho . 
  also , the window of my old room is right above it , so i also had nice sound when it rained . 
  my new appartment is on the 2nd floor , so most of the rain just falls past and because of the noise insulated windows you can hardly hear it . 
  this is seriously making me sad when it rains . 
  putting a log in the oven . 
  it 's either that crunch of it seating in the embers and charred wood remiains , or if the are still somewhat intact logs in there you get that crisp clanking sound of perfectly dried beech logs hitting each other . 
  aka 0.5 gigagrams . 
  actually it 's t\u0283\u0268\u02c8po\u028atle\u026a , according to wikipedia . 
  that reminds me , i need a new windshield wiper for the rear window . 
  ah yes . 
  you know the incredibly cool looking light rings bmw cars have in the headlights ? 
  well , turns out in order to change that bulb you first have to buy a new one ( $ 35 here , because it comes with a special reflector thingy ) , then you have to remove the wheel and the arch lining . 
  there is a service flap in the wheel arch , but you can only reach the headlight , highbeams and indicators through there , the bulb for the rings is mounted lower ... 
  are there cars that do n't filter the cabin air ? 
  my uncle has one in their bathroom . 
  they have 3 boys , so there are a lot more men than women at that house . 
  their mom likes it , says it 's really easy to clean . 
  den of mortal delights . 
  try ikea then . 
  my grandma has had one of those for ages . 
  show me the texan taiga , or the texan rain forest . 
  nice try keeping people away . 
  yes , but you said known to man , not available in the us . 
  we used to tie them under the tongue . 
  they are often dropped in stacks near the mailboxes in big buildings . 
  somtimes they do get picked up , because several new pizza services included a voucher with the menu for a reduced price pizza on the first delivery . 
  idk , i read my first degree over and over because i really liked the sound of it :d . 
  how so ? 
  with ts3 we have our own server , nobody meddling with it , no need to register an account somewhere . 
  does discord to end-to-end encryption ? 
  does it support fast , unlimited file transfers / storage on the server ? 
  install the [ badpet ] ( http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/badpet ) addon which will automatically turn of your pet 's taunt in dungeons . 
  depends on your ilvl . 
  i usually set my groups to 710 + , this gets high geared players to join , making it really fast and smooth . 
  it also very much depends on the day , most people finish the dungeons with their mains sometime between wednesday and sunday , so after that it becomes harder and harder to form a good rush group . 
  wtf kind of account is that ? 
  weirdest promotion ever . 
  also , why am i still subscribed here , i sold my sensation like 2 years ago ... 
  is it deldo mode ? 
  ca n't look at it right now . 
  ashens reviewed a few of those on his channel . 
  people putting / / / m badges on their clearly non-m bmw cars . 
  [ like this guy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bmw/comments/3v8k9s/spotted_an_m3_316i_simply_beautiful/ ) . 
  doing it to non-bmw cars for comedic effect is funny imho . 
  what i do n't like is people who take the regular badging off and really pretend they have an m . the guy i linked to very likely did it as a joke as well , seeing as he 's driving a compact edition and he left the 316i bade on . 
  that guy very likely did it as a joke , as evident by the still present 316i badge . 
  spam account ... 
  does he just not want to add mods , or what is the problem there ? 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  yes , here in europe it is currently the 24 ^ th of july , year 365 after the death of ren\u00e9 descartes . 
  * his signature . 
  count lev nikolayevich tolstoy was not a woman . 
  i once called one out in the parking lot of the grocery store , by saying `` nice m you got there '' . 
  he got quite read headed and loudly told me to `` mind my own business '' , but his 2 mates bust out laughing . 
  wtf . 
  i need a new pc and like a week of freetime . 
  this is gorgeous op . 
  ah yes , the old `` everyone that 's better than me is a tryhard '' logic .
