  i like how it says `` institute for oriental studies '' but the logo says `` china restaurant '', 
  that car was heavily modified and lowered . 
  if you like stanced cars check out / r/stance . 
  that meteor crater is much much larger than the town . 
  the round form stems only from the citiy fortification walls beeing a circle . 
  nav destinations , quick dial etc. 
  they are just referencing a movie . 
  there is nothing wrong with merlot . 
  a guy at my dad 's workplace once brought a big bowl of christmas treats for everyone . 
  thing is , they were [ frolic ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ueyh94w.jpg ) ( popular dog food here in germany ) coated in chocolate . 
  i do n't mind merlot , but i usually prefer others as well . 
  my current day-to-day wine is malbec , which i discovered when i tried all the different grape varieties that make up bordeaux wines by themselves . 
  any idea what it really is ? 
  looks kinda interesting . 
  airiating is poking holes into it , power raking is grinding narrow but somewhat deep groves into it , thereby removing plants that have horizontal roots , but not damaging the grass that has vertical roots . 
  ariating is n't really all that necessary , but power raking really helps , especially if you use the chance to distribute a bunch of fresh seeds . 
  you wo n't find a good mech keyboard in brick-and-mortar stores , go to online retailers like amazon . 
  north korea is the comedy movie . 
  that is actually a good rumor to spread . 
  as morbid as it sounds , but the chances of them being cured are slim , and like that they at least do n't infect more people . 
  new idea : put a qr code on them , scanning that informs the responisble party that they are nearly empty . 
  bam first acually usuful employment of qr codes ever . 
  you should consider getting crucial mx100 ssds instead , they are better in terms of performance and longevity since they use mlc flash . 
  be hailed based storage . 
  you ca n't compare them , ssd storage is worth more than 10 times the storage on a hdd . 
  i like that one . 
  anti-joke with just enough horrible mixed in to make it hilarious . 
  do any of them sell filco or ducky though ? 
  i would die laughing if i was in that band . 
  conditioner . 
  also , hair mousse after combing . 
  source : i used to have long curly hair until 2 days ago . 
  in addition to all the other advantages , the pirate pack comes with the vgf asteroid hangar , which is in itself a $ 50 purchase . 
  having the asteroid hangar also unlocks all other hangars , so you have 2 hangars more than with the freelancer pack . 
  also , [ hngggg ] ( https://robertsspaceindustries.com/media/v4nvbozdskbbwr/source/drake_cutlass_beauty_visual.jpg ) . 
  did n't find a post about it when i searched . 
  deleted the post . 
  yes , pretty much any chain store will sell you the logitech and razer boards , maybe even the cmstorm and das keyboard ones , but brands like ducky , filco or vortex ( kbt ) are where it 's at imho . 
  i 've never seen a store that sells those here , and that 's kind of sad , because i 'd like to try more mechs myself . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have a das keyboard professional myself , which is more of a mainstream keyboard , but i also have a kbt pure , which i really like . 
  also , this is not my general metric of the quality of an electronics department , but op speciffically stated he want 's to buy a * mechanical * keyboard not just any gaming keyboard . 
  also / r/stance . 
  what ? 
  gtrs are amongst the fastest productions cars . 
  i 've got news for you , if it comes in a can and is already ground , then it 's not parmesan , it 's flavored sawdust . 
  edit : i 've just realized that the word `` parmesan '' is not protected in the us . 
  here in the eu it 's only called that if it 's acutally parmigiano-reggiano . 
  it 's considered to be a horsemeal of pasta . 
  clearly , the problem is that your grill is not [ jet engine powered ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxphjipb67g ) . 
  yes , that 's why reddit does n't like them as well . 
  we like lg , htc , nexus phones , sony and motorola . 
  nothing else . 
  nope , oneplus lost all respect with how they launched the phone . 
  also it 's kind of a hippie thing . 
  they are like store-brand cereal . 
  that picture is at least 6 years old . 
  spiders are no big deal for me , i actually like them , but earwigs make my skin crawl . 
  how do bags compare to sports suspension for performance oriented driving ? 
  got ta love mercs . 
  serious : i assume vip stands for `` variation in production '' as it does in dnb music , not for `` very important person '' right ? 
  i 'm currently on a bmw sports suspension , lowered with h & r springs . 
  i love the feel of it , but it 's somewhat impractical with steep driveways . 
  i 'll upgrade to 19 '' vmr v710 next summer . 
  you should see the mountains . 
  i 'm currently in southern tyrol . 
  [ you do n't have to ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7lykf9s.jpg ) . 
  the camping ground is in a valley so there 's mountains all arround . 
  thought so , tried anyway :d, 
  nope , sports suspension , lowered on h & r springs , but i agree it 's not that low and i need spacers . 
  so , all of / r/funny ? 
  ca n't open that before i drive on . 
  was n't bash 3.1 released around 2005 ? 
  the mobile network will die next weekend during the ingress helios anomaly in munich ... 
  wrong subreddit , please go back to / r/lowlypeasants . 
  it 's just that you are breaking character in this circlejerk subreddit . 
  if this was a post on a serious subreddit then it would be cool . 
  that 's also tied in with the lore of roshan . 
  shock diamonds are pretty . 
  i know that picture and is gorgeous . 
  stusta has internet for all students , i lived in a dorm which was connected to the same connection , and i downlaoded steam games at 8-9mb / s. 
  the rooms feature 80-100 mbit/s symetrical internet connection , which is very nice . 
  you just need to know how to hook it up , you should have gotten that information when you moved in . 
  what 's with the capitalization of oktober ? 
  also , oktoberfest is one word . 
  ice3 is the ultimate comedic relief of the dota 2 scene . 
  him and pyrion . 
  no other mmo comes even close to gw2 's beauty . 
  most important light on the car . 
  the bulb in the left one on my car just broke , $ 35 for a bulb , i 'm currently considering replacing it with leds . 
  they are a lot brighter than the regular bulbs though . 
  also , do n't wear the handkerchief which you will be given with the sets . 
  no , but i just moved to giesing , so i will soon . 
  germany here , my credit card usually does n't require a pin , i just sign . 
  i only need a pin when i want to get money from an atm . 
  examples ? 
  i ca n't listen to that song . 
  the way she pronounces chandelier makes me mad . 
  i think there is a bigger shot , it 's actually a good looking woman . 
  use dried firewood . 
  no i mean really stacked and dried with a roof over it , for 2 years or so .
