  i 'm pretty sure fertilizer only applies to the first harvest on multi-harvest crops . 
  you scared me there for a second . 
  those `` pumps '' are just holes . 
  nice , but the trains are kind of unnecessary for those small distances imho . 
  also it 's `` vials '' not `` vial 's '' . 
  there is n't just one such track , there are servers that run only that kind of track . 
  passive mobs ? 
  you did n't show any defense systems . 
  you could have balanced the green electronics belt a lot easier and with a lot less wasted space , belts and inserters . 
  also , to me it looks like every third of your copper wire factories have no output , starting at the topmost one . 
  nano is also for normal people . 
  it 's like an emacs version with about 1 % of the features that starts faster for quick editing of config files . 
  i just googled the city and read their wikipedia article . 
  [ their kindergarten ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uyrcztk.jpg ) by architect gottfried b\u00f6hm is also brutalistic , but i find it rather ugly and uninspired . 
  meh , i 'm an emacs user , but when all i want to do is uncomment a line in a file or something and i do n't already have emacs running i 'll usually just run nano . 
  i do n't see how having a fairly easy to use command line editor that ships with many distros nowadays is a bad thing . 
  i do know my way around vi , but i prefer to use nano as the movement keys are the same as in emacs and zsh . 
  i know , but i think it does n't come preinstalled in any distro i regularly use . 
  i really appreciate that it comes with dired , imho the best way to move around the filesystem in any command line editor . 
  i use it on my own headless machines , but i do n't expect it to be on other systems i use , where nano usually is present . 
  i 'm playing with / u/the2faces . 
  if you have any hints on how to improve things feel free to share !, 
  more geography mindfucks :, 
  berlin is north of london . 
  when you go through the panama canal from the pacific ocean to the atlantic ocean you actually go east to west . 
  the walled power line to the right is actually an offensive structure , we built that and inched our way forward with laser turrets to destroy biter nests for artifacts . 
  tbh , i find those irritating . 
  when i want to tell my robots to place stuff i have in my inventory they will immediately take it from me and i ca n't easily tell them to place more . 
  like , i have one laser turret in my inventory and want the bots to place 5 from the storage network . 
  the second i tell the to place the first they will steal it from me and i ca n't tell them to place more : / . 
  nice , that seems like exactly what i want . 
  hnnng , i want to stand on the balcony . 
  that is actually / u/the2faces . 
  i 'm in the copper field south-east of that , next to the tank :  . 
  we did that when we first got laser towers , and we only had one because of battery production woes . 
  we did n't want to lose anything or die . 
  as for evolution right now : sometimes they do overcome a tower , but we have production for those , so the robots replace them immediately . 
  that 's still kind of annoying though ... 
  oo my liebherr fridge was a lot more than that ... 
  i 'm not familiar with danby , but they seem to be fairly cheap from what i see on amazon . 
  they only came with a 5 speed steptronic automatic . 
  it 's important to note that alpina is not part of bmw , it 's an independent car manufacturer . 
  they have a contract with bmw that allows them to purchases chassis and engines , but the cars are not bmw cars , they are alpina cars . 
  that 's one one i read as a child . 
  [ cyberabwehr ] ( https://youtu.be/3iomgg_guxs ), 
  needs more touch-base and x-driven, 
  go weller or go home . 
  h&m all the way . 
  well , that body was designed by italian coach builder ghia , not vw . 
  i 'm german , too . 
  the full story is ghia designed the body , karmann built it , and the mechanics and internals are from a beetle . 
  i buy stamps online and print them directly on the envelope . 
  i do n't send a lot of mail , but i hate the process of going somewhere to buy stamps . 
  i funded my post account with 15 euros i think , that was 5 years ago or something . 
  i have n't had to recharge it so far . 
  that was kinda family guy-esque , the longer than comfortable , over drawn cutaway scenes . 
  the only original rct guy is chris sawyer , who programmed rct 1 and 2 all by himself in assembly and made all the art assets himself . 
  he is not affiliated with parkitect . 
  if you 're at all interested in technology and live near speyer , absolutely go there . 
  also , their sister museum in sinsheim is well worth a visit , too . 
  where did you get that ? 
  i based my comment on this sentence on the wiki :, 
   like the prequel , rollercoaster tycoon , rollercoaster tycoon 2 was developed single-handed by chris sawyer who did design , coding and artwork all himself . 
  chris sawyer developed rct2 on base [ 2 ] of the originally in 99 % assembly written engine of rct , [ 3 ] working on it since 1996 . 
  also , he prints ` tha ` value , not ` the ` value . 
  this is chive software !, 
  in that case you are in insert mode . 
  you need to get back to normal mode by pressing esc first . 
  learning basic vim or vi usage is actually nice , since vi is pretty much the only editor you are basically guaranteed to find on any * nix system . 
  nano is not preinstalled on a lot of systems . 
  if you are going to install a small editor anyways i perfer mg or emacs . 
  at least he has the same name , no confirmation of identity though , he has n't ever done an ama and this account is new . 
  there is something similar called [ the big mac index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_mac_index ) which is used to visualize the purchasing power parity between currencies . 
  this produces some hilarious reports like :, 
   the gap between its average annual rate of burger inflation ( 19 % ) and its official rate ( 10 % ) is far bigger than in any other country . 
  for everyday items i usually measure the price in delivery pizzas or d\u00f6ner kebap . 
  that is exactly how imperial system measurements feel to us europeans . 
  that is very regional . 
  here in the south it 's known as `` korea '' . 
   your cars antenna, 
  the 90s called , using a phone that also had an antenna . 
  technically cars also still do , but you know what i mean . 
  keep telling yourself that, 
  i meant the match rigging part , ofc the world cup awarding is nothing but corruption . 
  everything is a corrupt shit hole in fifa . 
  why would anyone believe the matches are not ? 
  full credit pls . 
  does n't matter . 
  my equation is true for x = 7 , as it is for any other value of x. 
  teacher never said it should only be true for x = 7 . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm proud of my abilites :d, 
  no shit , wenn man akzeptable alternativen anbietet . 
  why are the tow hook covers missing ? 
  private luftstreitkr\u00e4fte ? 
  uhm , is n't that an email ? 
  you play with knifes ? 
  [ or just shut down the service , redering the devices you bought useless . 
  ] ( https://medium.com/@arlogilbert/the-time-that-tony-fadell-sold-me-a-container-of-hummus-cb0941c762c1#.84r98phtu ), 
  a hyundai is an upgrade over what she reserved ?
