  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://www.mwelab.com/index.php/en/products ) . 
  is n't the taurus even cheaper than the standard model ? 
  ca n't check right now . 
  also , the plural is espressi . 
  7:45 in germany , usually until 12:45 . 
  sometimes afternoon from 14:00 - 15:35, 
  is there any reason behind it ? 
  does the name come from some language that does that ? 
  i 've actually seen links to websites that do this . 
  bevrage cans and plastic bottles and have $ 0.25 return price here in germany . 
  here if you leave a movie early and talk to the staff they will usually let you see a different movie for free . 
  how is a new car a pressured split-second decision ? 
  do n't you decide on what you want beforehand , after all you can order whatever you want . 
  or are you talking about used cars ? 
  but still , when i bought my car ( used ) i had a very clear idea what i wanted beforehand and looked for it online in several used car portals , then contacted the seller and made an appointment to have a look . 
  do you just go to a dealer with a wad of money and hope for the best ? 
  i usually only use one station , it 's a very reputable news-only station . 
  all they broadcast are news and intellectual discussions on current topics . 
  if i want music i listen to what i want , not what some radio dj plays . 
  i recently bought divinity : original sin , and it 's the best game i have played in a long while . 
  turn-based , d&d backed combat , nice and thorough story , beautifully designed world and 2 player coop . 
  you can add some clarified butter to get it started , though . 
  there has to be some serious problems with your installation if anything more than a few rooms that are on the same breaker lose power ... 
  i think the problem is that the video was uploaded in 1080p , and the 720p recode that was automatically created is somewhat shoddy . 
  yes , i never thought of that , but it 's genius . 
  having an app that enables both smb and nfs , but only in your home wifi would be great . 
  do you know if i can share the phone over smb ? 
  the only problem is that in some regions you ca n't install apps with in-app purchases , hongkong is an example iirc . 
  i have it in auto start , like a proper addict . 
  that game went totally over my head as well , but my buddy told me that it 's cool so we bought it and we 're paying it coop , lvl 16 right now . 
  it can tolerate more heat . 
  we just buy clarified butter , it 's a very common product in germany , best known brand is butaris . 
  it 's really practical , you do n't even need to refrigetate it . 
  wow , i need a humming bird feeder and some praying mantises . 
  then again , i live in germany , pretty much no hummingbirds here . 
  that is entirely way too blue . 
  looks like it doubles as a bottle opener . 
  the only thing that is kinda trowing me off the `` build quality '' bandwagon is that best buy says , quote :, 
   stainless-steel case and ** plastic case back **, 
  they ca n't use metal because of the charging , but imho they should have gone with something like glass or ceramic . 
  it 's the part of the watch that constantly touches your arm , high quality materials would be nice there . 
  yes , with watches it 's form   function . 
  i really want to play that , but my pc would just collapse i think . 
  i will wait with the upgrade until at least 2015 though . 
  lighning struck somewhere at our or our neighbors house once , that bang and shockwave was intense . 
  it fried our cable amplifier in the basement so internet was out after that . 
  sure , but i still think they should have gone with a more premium material . 
  then again , if it 's really just $ 250 , then who cares . 
  my current watch is a 6 year old casio ( [ this one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qeix6hg.jpg ) ) , the crystal watch face has only one scratch , but it got that scratch on about day 5 of me using it , and it still irks me every time i see it . 
  that would be pretty nice , or they could have used glass just for the texture and painted it black or silver on the inside . 
  was n't that bad actually . 
  it happened in the evening , and i immediately called my cable provider . 
  the very next day at 8:00 am a tech came and swapped the part , for free . 
  i really hate people calling pc games and software `` apps '' . 
  the word is expat , no need for a dash there . 
  that trench was caused by that plane . 
  it 's a four engined turboprop bomber . 
  that reminds me of freddy 's bbq joint in house of cards . 
  also , bone shack in planet terror . 
  personally i would find the ensuing `` what the shit ?! '', 
  from inside the shower to be very entertaining . 
  i 'm laughing just imagining this . 
  maybe debt is his business ? 
  maybe they are stopping in front of a red light ? 
  when buying pepper grinders , you do n't want cadillac , you want [ peugot ] ( http://www.amazon.com/peugeot-uselect-7-inch-pepper-lacquer/dp/b000radvmw/ref=sr_1_18?s=home-garden&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1408519636&amp;sr=1-18&amp;keywords=peugeot+paris ) . 
  it was a pun , but peugot grinders are actually regarded as the ultimate grinders . 
  peugot actually started out making coffee grinders before they made cars . 
  germany here , never heard of sweetest day . 
  his front tires would have a lot of fun with that ... 
  i personally really dislike messing with the bmw colors . 
  aww yis , pre-lci is best lci . 
  please do n't swap the chrome on the front for black or even worse carbon . 
  next step : lower it . 
  that 's a nice buy . 
  i payed $ 14k for my 11/2007 e91 320d , but it 's in very nice condition and is nearly fully loaded . 
  those are not ropes , those are wires . 
  that 's kind of a problem with most dnb eps , as most of the time each track is by a different combination of artists . 
  luckily they usually come with playlists . 
  my right ear is now deaf . 
  that 's not an e93 , it an e39 . 
  also , if he owed you $ 500 but gave you the car instead , then it was not free . 
  does the non-xenon version still have the coronas ? 
  yes , hid is one of the features i like most about mine . 
  also the fact that the hid lights just look so much better on a e90 , due to the coronas . 
  and you also need the headlight washer assembly and xenon bulbs , which cost about $ 100 each if you get decent ones . 
  you also need a new light controller device . 
  retrofitting xenon is very expensive . 
  however , $ 700 seems a bit steep , i can [ order them online for $ 400 ] ( http://www.leebmann24.de/catalogsearch/result/?q=%0963116942721 ) , single xenon without curve light that is . 
  bi-xenon is $ 785 , ahl is $ 917 . 
  $ 173 for a small vial of 3 drops , bmw oem code 63116942721 . 
  yep , got ta have the holy trinity . 
  however , use celeriac for german or italian recipes . 
  the german version also often contains leek . 
  except for the colour . 
  half digested spinach just is n't my hue . 
  or go to a big company that really does a lot of electrical engineering research and development . 
  i 'm a student employee at an ee company and i do only ee related things . 
  i got in when i did an internship and i 've been working for them pretty much ever since . 
  ( i 'm still a student , but i work there like 10-20hrs a week ) . 
  i know what you mean , it has a hint of something that could be nice , but in the end it still looks like metallic vomit .
