  no paper here . 
  i get my money on my bank account once a month . 
  i once kicked one full on across the [ piazza san marco ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piazza_san_marco ) in venice . 
  i was a kid and usually they got away when i tried to kick them . 
  but not that one , it got catapulted across half the plaza and hit one of the arcade pillars . 
  i 'm pretty sure it died . 
  for a tablet i think a wacom stylus is a key feature as it enables you to take notes on it . 
  of course not , but why would you buy your child a cell phone instead of a smart phone ? 
  smart phones are just so much better . 
  are you sure ? 
  i see a lot of students taking notes on samsung tables and surface pros during lectures . 
  they download the lecture slide pdf and anotate it during the lecture . 
  mine is also named skynet . 
  also , i set up the network at my parent 's house to use the same essid and key , so they can just use mine and i can use theirs when we visit each other . 
  yes it does work . 
  to me yokes look antiquated , and any plane that has one looks like dated technology to me . 
  ftfy, 
  people are paying attention to non-issues , while the politicians are stealing from them . 
  probably just shedding some kind of winter fur . 
  pre lci is best lci !, 
  please do n't black out the nice chrome accents . 
  maybe the camera makes audible sounds when it triggers . 
  my only concern would be if the top ladder were to somehow slide at the contact point so it presses the other ladder ro the right . 
  then this whole thing would collapse . 
  what 's the advantage of going over speedbumps sideways ? 
  if the bump is too high it will still scrape . 
  those are really nice , i want to own one . 
  does n't hurt or bother me . 
  i have on of them ( 256 gb ) , and i love it . 
  dota2 based :, 
  your mom is so fat she controlls both runes at the same time . 
  rekt, 
  your momma is so fat her memory foam became an alcoholic . 
  that 's not the dam , that 's just a bridge over the lake created by the sylvensteindamm . 
  the actual dam looks like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/sylvensteindamm-01.jpg ) . 
  clarkson is a magnificent bastard . 
  ca n't wait for that episode to air . 
  also , how can those people be mad that they tried to invade but failed ? 
  i 'd have to agree , squares signify fast food pizza to me . 
  where is that otherwise ? 
  you need a time eater . 
  have you ever tried kerbal space program ? 
  or dota2 ? 
  donkey hote hat me audibly laughing . 
  please go all the way and offer full hotas support ( throttle axis , fully remappable bindings ) . 
  i respect this person . 
  he makes money off of gullible idiots . 
  i might have to start a bullshit company selling solutions to my own fear mongering . 
  sorry , but that just seems like youtube click bait . 
  that video provides nothing and is a complete waste of time . 
  surely there are better ways to promote your youtube channel . 
  the old remote also has a panic function . 
  if you hold down the `` open trunk '' button the alarm will go off . 
  no , the car stores all that internally . 
  however , the car also copies that info on the key so you can essentially have you car diagnoes without it having to actually be there . 
  the vertical and horizontal alignment of you headlights needs to be within certain tolerances in germany . 
  it 's so you do n't blind oncoming traffic and so that you see stuff at night . 
  my headlights were set too low , probably because of the lowered suspension , so i brought it to the dealer for adjustment . 
  in october many german auto repair shops , including all bmw dealers , do these adjustments for free in preparation for the winter where it 's dark much longer . 
  ideally they should be adjusted to prodice a light pattern like [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/iw14umt.jpg ) . 
  have n't tried lyft since its not available here in germany , but uber black rocks . 
  get a good umbrella . 
  they changed the system . 
  when i started studying in 2009 you could get 1 license for each available language of a product . 
  so many windows 7 keys . 
  but now you can only get 1 key per product , sadly . 
  while you 're at it and you switch to arch , why not switch to dota2 as well ? 
  it runs native on linux and the learning curve is about the same as going from windows to arch :d . 
  i just thought while you 're at it switching to the better os you might as well upgrade to the better arts . 
  just joking , play what ever floats your boat . 
  what do u.s. bumper laws mandate that conflicts with this car ? 
  you 're living the beta life dude . 
  just state ahead and walk your line . 
  i drove 2,5 hours of autobahn yesterday , it was actually really pleasant . 
  video not available . 
  to expand on that , if he is in europe he also needs auto leveling and headlight washing systems to legally use xenon headlights . 
  asphyxiation with nitrogen is probably to most humane way to die . 
  you will not feel the need to gasp for air , you will merely become tired and fall asleep . 
  beyerdynamic is where it 's at . 
  that looks exactly as the word sounds like . 
  did your dog threaten him in any way ? 
  like running at him or something ? 
  nope , that trend has been ruined by too many people having their shitty cars painted matte black . 
  you are probably being down voted by people who also have phony m badges . 
  obviously every part on an m3 is faster than on a non m car . 
  told . 
  yes it 's on the bottom of the assembly . 
  i do n't even ask why the hell your bumper is sicaflexed ... 
  amusing rant , 10/10 would read audio blog . 
  eating a whole nutmeg will kill you . 
  tires for my bmw . 
  welp , guess i have a lowered off-roader with sports-suspension now ... 
  did you stumble into this sub by accident ? 
  then how could you not know what the difference between a mechanical and a regular keyboard is ... 
  oh yes , recently moved from student dorm bed to queen size bed with quality mattress . 
  pure bliss . 
  ask your mother . 
  do n't you have mandantory car safety inspections in the us ? 
  shitty car mods hates every thing that 's modified . 
  you could literally post anything from / r/stance over to / r/shitty _ car_mods and they 'd hate it all .
