  if it touches the table or the floor you loose . 
  what 's that thing on the hood there ? 
  is it a snapback , or is it part of the car ? 
  did they now ? 
  how about adding our reddit user names to our pgp keys and just using that ? 
  i 'd recommend using gnupg for that , rather than openssl . 
  that way you can use the existing pgp key infrastructure . 
  open back headphones are perfect for long gaming sessions . 
  i use beyerdynamic dt990 pro headphones with a modmic , and it 's by far the best `` headset '' i 've ever used . 
  sorry if i 'm missing something , i just started playing again recently and i 'm currently using a jade harvester build , but could n't you just put the moj in the cube and thereby get 100 % ? 
  your plug looks like it actually has thread on it where a screw-on adapter would go . 
  did you lose it ? 
  that 1/4 inch plug is mostly about rigidity . 
  for example , the heavy cord on my dt 990 pro headphones would certainly unplug a smaller connector . 
  nope , really dislike that body . 
  lowering it and putting wheels on it does n't make it one bit better . 
  i seem to have a lot more luck upgrading yellows using the cube . 
  already got an smk and t&t from there , each after only like 4 or 5 tries . 
  already got that one as well :  . 
  at that point surely signal is the way to go . 
  what i proposed would just be used for a few messages , anything more than that and you 'd be better of isntallling a ` real ' solution . 
  [ windows ] ( https://www.gpg4win.org/ ), 
  it 's called ` white trash marble ' . 
  good . 
  hospitality 2016 is so sick . 
  waiting for more of the tracks to be on yt so i can post them to the different subs :d . 
  my current favorites from hospitality 2016 are :, 
  krakota - lust thrust , metrik - terminus and logistics - your time . 
  none of these are on youtube yet . 
  weird , i did n't find them . 
  maybe it was because i searched from a german connection and they might be gema blocked here . 
  yeah , i usually use a tunnel for youtube . 
  mostly because it loads a lot faster as it circumvents my isps shitty cdn . 
  check your northern hemisphere privilege , shitlord . 
  oh , that was actually just me . 
  sorry about that . 
  also known as dollarydoo . 
  the os list on pc is weird . 
  for open back headphones i ca n't recommend the beyerdynamic dt990 pro headphones enough . 
  they are seriously amazing . 
  those extremely thin slices of processed beef are not really that appetizing . 
  siehe [ dieser 600 $ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/600euro/comments/43zsm3/armes_deutschland/ ) . 
  [ ** c y b e r ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy6kkrss26m ), 
  they would probably say it has too much going on . 
   * i must not fear . 
   fear is the mind-killer . 
   fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration . 
   i will face my fear . 
   i will permit it to pass over me and through me . 
   and when it has gone past i will turn the inner eye to see its path . 
   where the fear has gone there will be nothing . 
   only i will remain . 
  i personally prefer exfat for flash drives , as it works out of the box on windows and * nix . 
  the closed back version of the dt990 is called dt770 . 
  there is a pro version of each of those that is actually significantly cheaper . 
  you can get dt770 or 990 pros for less than $ 200 . 
  they have a completely utilitarian look , but they are indestructible , sound amazing and are on of the most comfortable headphones on the market . 
  the $ 400 price tag of your brother 's headphones makes me think they are probably beyerdynamic t series headphones . 
  i love that on their website , you can order each single part of them individually , to repair them . 
  for example [ all parts of the dt770 pro ] ( http://europe.beyerdynamic.com/shop/hah/spareparts.html?kopfhoerermodell=686 ) . 
  edit : just saw you ca n't order parts directly if you are not in germany . 
  what do you mean by `` everything else '' ? 
  i 've never put anything but epub / mobi / azw3 on my kindle . 
  you 're a treble person ... 
  what ? 
  did you have a stroke half way though that ? 
  it 's a mishimoto brand oil cooler . 
  holy shit , they schooled those v8s good . 
  i 've always had a vivid imagination and i daydream all the time , so that 's what happens pretty much always when i read . 
  if you have a car then i 'd say go to kitzb\u00fchel . 
  it 's only about 1.5 hours by car from munich and it 's one of the best skiing areas in the world . 
  ah , i see you get your inspiration from / r/fuckmyshitup . 
  the dorm i lived in had washing machines in the basement . 
  i usually used them at night , because then i could get 2 at the same time . 
  on the other hand , sometimes i prefer using one machine , first washing towels and sheets as hot as the machine allows ( 200f ) , to also clean the machine before i wash my other stuff . 
  and the diesel is more expensive than gas . 
  i was talking about the picture . 
  i live in germany , diesel is cheaper here . 
  i always carry my victorinox mountaineer pocket knife . 
  it 's just so damn useful . 
  where do you carry your sunglasses ? 
  neck of your shirt ? 
  which model ? 
  i love my mountaineer . 
  did you know that the bottle opener fits in a 1/4 '' wrench socket , and you can lock it at 90 \u00b0 angle so you can use the knife as a makeshift ratchet ? 
  so many secret features :d, 
  it 's just that i wear glasses normally , and wearing a pair of glasses and having a pair of sunglasses on my neck looks kind of weird imho . 
  but i 'd want to be able to switch when i go inside and i do n't want to carry a case in my pant pockets or something when i do n't have a bag with me :( . 
  i 'd just close the door . 
  our front door is a very heavy security door with dead bolts all around the frame . 
  it easily weights 200 pounds . 
  if she does n't remove her foot fast enough she wo n't be wearing heels for a while ... 
  however , most likely i 'd just tell her ` no thanks ' over the intercom without even opening the door . 
  335d has always been available in all body style in germany . 
  335d touring ( wagon ) is a really common sight here . 
  i want one so bad :d . 
  did your e90 have electric seats or manual ? 
  the electric seats do n't got down nearly as far as the manual seats do . 
  my buddy has an e90 with electric seats and tall people have trouble fitting in . 
  ok , i really like the starfarer , but what 's it 's intended role , if there are the hull-series freighters that can carry a lot more cargo than the starfarer can ?
