  generally it would be easier to give a recommendation if you stated in which part of town you live . 
  that edeka is very new and nice . 
  also , they have attendants at the registers that unload and load your cart for you . 
  they also have fresh meat , fish and cheese counters . 
  i do n't order joeys a lot anymore since they raised their prices . 
  my current favorite is [ cafe centro ] ( http://www.cafecentromuenchen.de/ ) , if you are within their delivery radius you should definitely give it a try . 
  we should make a kickstarter to buy that kickstarter reward . 
  best delivery . 
  best pizza in town is [ bobby 's pizza / bar / cafe ] ( http://www.bobbys-muenchen.de/ ) . 
  get hyped !, 
  gamma cleansing . 
  electromagnetic purification . 
  would that stop the potato from ever sprouting ? 
  strangely , i have a pw2 , but i did n't pay to remove the ads and i still have never gotten one . 
  maybe they do n't do the ad supported kindles in germany . 
  the university i go to owns the [ weihenstephan abbey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weihenstephan_abbey ) brewery , which is arguably the oldest in the world . 
  nice . 
  there is a small jungle / dnb group that hosts events called [ isar bass ] ( http://www.isarbass.de/ ) . 
  they also host the monthly dubrock pressure event at the milla club , which is a jungle / dnb event . 
  opinion on podcast addict vs pocket casts ? 
  a : parking light ( is always on when your low beams are on as well , also called angel eyes, 
  b : low beams ( xenon hid ), 
  c : high beams ( halogen ), 
  d : indicator, 
  have you turned on your high beams ? 
  ( push turning indicator lever forward ), 
  aww the bundle with the art book is sold out . 
  it 's actually nicely made , they cut all the sound while he 's making it , but add it on the flip . 
  nice !, 
  that 's kind of want i 'm going for as well , however in only tier 2 . 
  your profile sounds like it would fit maxim , they do some smart grid stuff iirc . 
  titanium dioxide and iron oxides are food coloring , aluminium foil is chemically stable enough to eat and should not cause problems . 
  those plasics are probably fine as well . 
  the paint might cause some stomach upset , but only if you eat that stuff by the ladle . 
  torque , torque makes that happen . 
  however , displayport is capable of far higher datarates that hdmi . 
  about a week after i got my first mech i had to buy another one for work , could n't bear typing on my work keyboard anymore . 
  germany , nobody i know carries one . 
  but i want to get one that 's mounted below the passenger seat . 
  my car has an umbrella holder in the boot . 
  my bmw does n't come with a spare . 
  it gets shipped with run flat tires . 
  i use a ti nspire cx cas , and i love it . 
  \\  back in my day, 
  \\  touch screen, 
   where the joysticks are not right next to each other, 
  that probably means not in a line . 
  on the xbox controllers there is always one in the bottom right , the other in the top left . 
  on the dual shock controllers they are next to each other . 
  this is a really common form of children 's food in germany . 
  we have a product called [ zwieback ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwieback ) which is basically toast that is baked again after beeing sliced . 
  it 's crispy and sweetened . 
  you put that in a bowl of warm milk and you 're good to go . 
  after i bought my das i could n't use membranes anymore . 
  immediately had to buy a second mech for work . 
  or dwm , if you like i3 but would like to customize it further . 
  \\ #rtorrentmasterrace, 
  yes , do n't go there . 
  it 's most likely spiced . 
  if it 's not then it does look gross . 
  what 's your opinion on mixing some commercial zoning into the residential areas ? 
  i know it will cause noise pollution , but i personally like the small corner shops etc. 
  that are mixed into the area i live . 
  do ppl in this game appreciate having a small grocery shop in the building more than what little noise it should create ? 
  those sirens are weird to me as an european as well . 
  what 's your opinion on mixing some commercial zoning into the residential areas ? 
  i know it will cause noise pollution , but i personally like the small corner shops etc. 
  that are mixed into the area i live . 
  do ppl in this game appreciate having a small grocery shop in the building more than what little noise it should create ? 
  it was quite a lot cheaper . 
  got it for about 20 $ . 
  looks like he somehow placed it the wrong way . 
  is n't cims a term from cities in motion ? 
  why not just use some form of online funds transfer , like every sane person ? 
  get a credit card , or a paypal account if you have to . 
  i bought it from gmg for about 20 $ . 
  [ mine so far . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/r10su ) its not the biggest but i have a working traffic concept , 
  i read that as barbies and thought , `` well , maybe they are forbidden in china for being to western '' . 
  i bet half the people who upvoted you did n't even get the reference :d, 
  that 's why i only use highway for roundabouts , no traffic lights there . 
  you need all the ramps you have , you need more than that to get from the lower highway to the upper one . 
  i solved it by building a new high-density residential area that only has elementary schools . 
  i connected 2-lane one way roads to the highway connection you get when you start . 
  i left space around them so i could later upgrade them to highways themselves . 
  you can see the result [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/yovif5h.jpg ) . 
  seems to work really well so far . 
  yes , only use highway for roundabouts , all other roads will get traffic lights and stop working . 
  yes , the splines not reticulating is really breaking map generation immersion . 
  which map is that ? 
  smoke detector distribution helps a lot . 
  looks nice , might give it a try later today . 
  thanks !, 
  now that i think about it , i should have just googled the commit hashes from the terminal in the screenshot . 
  they are exceptionally cheap ( i think it was about $ 4000 ) , so i got it as soon as i knew where i wanted to build next . 
  to buy them click on the globus button in the bottom left of your screen . 
  i did n't use it right away , i wanted to finish the first part of my city first . 
  when i decided to use it i first extended the highway t-intersection you get from start into a 4 way stacked exchange i got off of the workshop . 
  it 's the large highway cross in the middle . 
  it 's important to only connect the highways to other roads using interconnects that do n't slow the traffic on the highway .
