  but then they stand up , misirlou starts playing and the big ass pulp fiction splash screen is displayed . 
  i love that intro , 
  buy some beyerdynamic headphones is what i meant , 
  i 've only looked at beyerdynamic and akgs on their site , and they are reasonably priced . 
  also , i could have sworn i 've seen the mdr v6s there . 
  they used to be a expensive , reputable , high quality out - door brand , but they went down the soft-shell drain . 
  also : just before your rice is usually done drain it , put it back into the still warm pot , add a piece of butter and put it back on the still warm but turned off stove , let it sit for 1-2 minutes . 
  then stir it . 
  good , but you should use clarified butter in a hot pan , regular butter can not sustain that heat . 
  you can add normal butter after getting the steak out of the pan . 
  you say on ear but linked over the ear . 
  see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/headphones#types ) for definitions . 
  on-ear is supra-aural , over ear is circumaural . 
  in the german version , colonel sandurz is called colonel sandfurz , which translates to `` sandfart '' . 
  will german accents work ? 
  i 'd much rather have a lte nexus 10 . 
  euro conversion also sucks . 
  $ 399 is actually $ 300.61 , not $ 399 . 
  my soundcard ( xonar stx ) is pretty balanced , but i , too , like a bit more bass . 
  what i use is electri-q . 
  i have a low shelf starting at about 100hz , boosting 3 or 4 db . 
  i also dampened 8khz down about 4 db , since my dt990pros have a bit of a spike there . 
  then i shifed it all down with an allpass so that the highest peak of my equalization is at 0db . 
  that and the dt 990s already having a rather warm bass makes the sound pretty much perfect to me . 
  how flexible is that cable ? 
  the coiled cable of my dt 990s would probably unplug a 3,5 mm jack . 
  you called ? 
  i always liked :, 
  `` cuts like a new hammer handle '' it 's used when someone hands you a dull knive . 
  `` do n't look into the mouth of a horse you got for free '' - means do n't inspect a gift you got too closely or do n't say it 's not what you wanted , basically , be gratefull for gifts . 
  also my favorite outcry of frustration is `` bloody chickenheads '' , german : `` blutige hennenk\u00f6pfe . '' . 
  all of these are swabian and work best in swabian accent . 
  german version is `` einen elefanten aus einer fliege machen . '', 
  - `` turning a fly into an elefant . 
  read in jerry 's voice , of course . 
  as soon as they say the company they call from i tell them `` sorry to interrupt you , but i 'm really not interested . 
  have a nice day . '', 
  having machines automatically call people is illegal in many countries . 
  the 7.1 surround is simmulated by [ dolby headphone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dolby_headphone ) . 
  you would need a soundcard that supports that or a pair of headphones that has a usb interface that supports it . 
  the best headset that supports that is the sennheiser pc363d , which is basically a pc360 with a usb soundcard that generates the virtual 7.1 surround . 
  but that headset is probably above your budget . 
  [ dt770 pro ( blue ) vs beats ( red ) ] ( http://graphs.headphone.com/graphcompare.php?graphtype=0&amp;graphid[]=713&amp;graphid[]=1383&amp;scale=30 ) . 
  this graph only tells part of the story , though . 
  biggest problem with beats is that the bass is muddy and leaks into other frequencies . 
  that depends , there are fairly cheap soundcards that can do 7.1 surround . 
  they would be fine with all gaming type headphones/headets , which are made to be directly driven by a soundcard/laptop/mp3player . 
  if you want to connect higher end headphones to a soundcard you would need and amp though . 
  there is also a good soundcard by asus , the xonar essence stx ( the one i use ) , which has a good headphone amp on board and does virtual 7.1 , but that card alone is about $ 180-200 . 
  the budget alternative would be the xonar dg ( x ) , which has virtual surround ( 5.1 , but the difference is neglegible ) and features a headphone amp , at for about $ 30-40 it 's basically a steal . 
  you can then combine that card with a pair of hifi headphones , for example beyerdynamic dt990 pro . 
  that would sound better than the pc363d , and the dt990 pro are awesome . 
  if you then later decide you want to invest some more you can pair those up with a `` real '' dac/amp chain and really make them shine . 
  read the edit that i wrote to my post , the second paragraph . 
  also , headphones with more than 1 driver are mostly a gimmic , and do n't buy razer audio products , ever . 
  those small drivers ca n't produce any high quality audio , and the surround experience does not improve that much ( if at all ) . 
  yes dolby headphone can work with any stereo headphones . 
  i would recommend you buy the xonar dg ( x ) for now , together with the dt990pro . 
  you can then later upgrade the dg ( x ) to something better . 
  i have not personally heard the v-moda , but they get recommended a lot and would probably also be a good choice . 
  if you want to use them on the go aswell , then the dt990 pros are the wrong choice alltogether , since they are open and leak quite a lot of sound , also they are 250\u03a9 and therefore require some kind of amp . 
  in that case i 'd go for the v-moda , too . 
  basically i 'd recommend getting a sound card , like the xonar dg ( x ) for now and some kind of good headphones . 
  you can then later upgrade to a better soundcard , like the xonar stx , or a dedicated dac + amp like the schiit modi/magni stack . 
  firstly , the onboard sound on pretty much all motherboards is more or less crap , and not many support dolby headphone natively . 
  about the xonar cards : the dgx is about $ 120 cheaper than the stx . 
  they both have a headphone amp , but the stx is far superior . 
  if you motherboard features virtual 7.1 , then you could use that aswell , since the v-moda does not need an amp , but the quality would probably be worse than with a soundcard . 
  i think there is some way to do the dolby headphone without a soundcard that supports it , but i guess the quality of the surround would suffer and it would cost quite a bit of processing power . 
  those both look nice , the hirschgarten restaurant seems to have the bigger menu , though . 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  we use a private teamspeak , hosted a someones own server , with encryption enabled . 
  i hope that is secure enough for now  . 
  first , external audio dacs like the modi or the fiios usually do n't have any gaming features , like eax or dolby headphone . 
  if you want to have those , you would either keep your current card and add an amp behind it , or go for a soundcard that has an amp and has the basic gaming features . 
  i for example use the xonar essence stx , which has a high quality dac and amp , but also has the usual gaming features . 
  usually , if the sound card is not total crap , which yours is n't , you do n't need to wory about the dac . 
  i would just buy an amp and connect it to the soundcard . 
  examples would be the schiit magni or garage1217 's tube amplifiers like the project sunrise ii . 
  audio quality will definitely improve , since that soundcard you have ca n't really drive dt990 pros without an amp . 
  how much do you want to spend ? 
  from my experience you can ignore the dac for now . 
  in your situation i would probably buy a sunrise ii either pre-built or as a kit . 
  ( i personally would buy the kit , just because it 's fun and i 'm a pretty good solderer . ), 
  you can buy them fully built on [ their website ] ( http://garage1217.com/ ) . 
  oh , and i meant the starlight , the sunrise is more expensive . 
  nsa got him . 
  ... if they had food . 
  you forgot the post the link . 
  i would use mini xlr , as it locks in place . 
  v-moda crossfire m-100 maybe ? 
  nice try , viral marketing guy !, 
  i 'm using the amp that 's on my xonar essence stx . 
  i have neither heard the magni nor the starlight , but they both have been nicely reviewed . 
  i personally would prefer the starlight , because i like it 's diy character and the fact that it 's a tube amp . 
  that is even more astonishing for me . 
  i have not yet looked into dedicated dacs . 
  schiit makes a few in different price ranges . 
  there is also the so called `` dac destroyer '' that is supposed to be pretty good . 
  but i 'd say a soundcard is fine , as long is it can output 24 bit at 48khz or even 96khz .
