  for ( int idx_r = 0 ; idx_r < rows ; idx_r + + ) {, 
  for ( int idx_c = 0 ; idx_c < cols ; idx_c + + ) {, 
  } else {, 
  seats [ idx_r ] [ idx_c ] = null ;, 
  where do i pick up my diploma ? 
  i guess you have never seen a private tv series tracker . 
  you will probably find it if you remove the wheel arch lining . 
  i watch ashens unboxing of it every now and then and i ca n't believe how people waste money on that crap . 
  i should start a business that sends overstocked crap to people for a monthly suscription . 
  why would you pay for a random selection of fresh vegetables , when you can just go to the next market stall and buy the fresh vegetables you currently want ? 
  i just realized taylor swift was born in the same year i was . 
  i 'd guess it 's just one of the actuators that switches the air channels . 
  probably , but that 's the kind of repair that i 'd do myself . 
  that thing is insane ^ ^, 
  i have actually disassembled the dash in my bmw and fitted the bluetooth antenna and and additional wiring harness to the trunk and a point in the center console . 
  and no , i 'm not a mechanic . 
  took several hours and i did have someone to help , but yes , i could do it on my own now . 
  nope , no rattles now . 
  all the airbag stuff in there and in the a-pillar is kinda scary to work around , though . 
  the car did have the professional nav and audio system , complete with usb audio , but not bluetooth hands free . 
  so i installed the antenna , microphone and wiring harness and had it activated in the car 's modules . 
  woah , i need to get a new pc so i can play it on max . 
  same for me , i really like the look of the oracle , but for now i 've decided to use a different car . 
  i 've tuned a zion and a sentinal , as part of my plan to have all of the \u00dcbermacht cars . 
  just do n't shoot down the jets . 
  there 's always only one . 
  if you shoot that one down a new one will spawn . 
  an experienced pilot will just stay right behind the jet and never get hit . 
  only start killing the jets once the crew is in the plane . 
  same with me . 
  i would love to use my hotas for flying in gta v , but then the auto hover thing would need to go away first . 
  also , add rotor lib , then pretty much nobody in gta online would be able to use helicopters anymore :p, 
  that 's actually very nice . 
  i thought about using symlinks , but that is even easier . 
  my bmw has that , my parent 's new merc has it as well . 
  i have the same backpack . 
  was recommended to me by someone in the military , he said you can discern how long someone has been in deployment abroad by how much of their standard issue gear they have replaced with 5.11 stuff . 
  pretty much all they make is exceptional , quality wise . 
  v710 is also nice , i just ordered a set for my e91 wagon . 
  that 's why you use a marker to draw a diagonal line across the top of the stack of cards before you start to punch stuff in . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  same , just bought a koenigsegg , i think i 'd get by . 
  germany here , christmas is celebrated on christmas eve here . 
  you need to steal an xs , it will turn into the regular one . 
  yes . 
  it seems the owner does not believe in windows . 
  bmw wheels on that car is kind of a sacrilege . 
  it does look good , but i would swap the center caps . 
  chef 's choice / graef sharpeners are really nice . 
  my dad has one ( three stages ) and i always bring my zwilling knifes to him when they need sharpening . 
  he still does hone them on a leather strap afterwards , though . 
  old habits die hard i guess . 
  living in bavaria right now , my very old appartment has one of those , but i 've never seen a new toilet that was made like that . 
  that 's probably what i 'm going to do as well . 
  my current atmospheric plane can reach about 12 500 with the first engine , but the contract wants 19 400 . 
  elevons are control surfaces , flaps are , again , something different . 
  you typically extend flaps to lower the stall speed of your wings for landing and sometimes take-off . 
  also , while we 're at it , we also need leading-edge high-lift devices , like krueger flaps . 
  can you map that to an action group ? 
  can you actually do the sub points of the list ? 
  like the 3 separate satellite dishes ? 
  i switch between them all the time . 
  i use the controller for all driving , execpt when i want to shoot , then i switch to mouse + kb . 
  whine on foot i use mouse + kb exclusively . 
  i play a lot on teamspeak with some german friends , whenever someone crashes into one of those he yells `` stahlbusch '' into the mic , which is german for steel bush . 
  underrated comment of the day . 
  just go for it , tell her it 's a european thing . 
  wagons are really common here , and many people that drive them do n't have kids , myself included . 
  the slide-out thing ? 
  the original bmw one is nice , it comes with a net in it as well that enables you to load up to the roof without anyhting falling into the cabin . 
  you can even pull up that net all the way when you fold down your rear seats , so that you have a barrier just behind your front seats . 
  also , it has an umbrella holder clip . 
  so i can activate wizard wars , but only after i have gotten the full magicka 2 key ? 
  that sounds weird to me . 
  i have never seen one without it here , it comes standard . 
  he has a large fan base and gets sent a ton of items to review . 
  probably someone gifts him one every month . 
  that 's dr. stuart ashens to you . 
  3 bmws in a row are really easy , go for maserati . 
  i personally think that is abhorrently hideous . 
  denying global warming because it 's snowing right now is like denying the titanic is sinking just because the side you 're on is currently 200 ft up in the air . 
  does it have any actual visual mods ? 
  is this offer still valid ? 
  my social club is your.fate . 
  would be great if you could help me get one . 
  sorry , but you 're wrong . 
  every mission is a full contact race to the starting point . 
  at least that 's the way me and my friends play it . 
  people die during those races . 
  that does really break the lights ? 
  that is genius . 
  this art stlye and way of animating this is very remniscient of guildwars 2 . 
  we did the same thing . 
  i always left double spaces between lines so i could add stuff later when i realized i forgot something . 
  greybeards ? 
  line length is still something to look out for . 
  i personally do like to keep it somewhere in the 80 ballpark , because i like to have multiple editor buffers side by side while editing code . 
  there is a road like that in france . 
  you can only use it during low tide , if you miss that your experience is probably similar to your dream . 
  might be , do n't remember .
