  i have 32gb of the ripjaws v in black , but i do n't know what to tell you , those 3 types of ram are the same speed , get the one which you like the most visually . 
  a cute detail is that it says g.skill in white on the top edge of the ram , which looks good imho . 
  it 's my mother 's first name , and i think i 've never met another one ... 
  i always have the following in stock :, 
  * eggs, 
  * potatoes, 
  * onions, 
  * garlic, 
  * some pasta ( fettuccine and rigatoni typically ), 
  * rice, 
  * various types of flour, 
  * tonic, 
  wait , there was a 980 back then also , right ? 
  so the 970 was always mid range ? 
  it does n't matter if you cook or not , g&t is a necessity of surviving . 
   waiting until a ~ ~ steam sale ~ ~ goty edition . 
  [ sumatra pdf ] ( https://github.com/sumatrapdfreader/sumatrapdf ) is very light weight and displays epub and mobi files as well . 
  maybe have a look at that . 
  are you high right now ? 
  i really do n't like them . 
  the palit and gainward cards are pretty much the same right ? 
  did your grandparent not keep the invoice ? 
  i mean , you always hear those stories about people having a pen and trading it up until they have a car or a house . 
  somewhere somebody has to be making a lot of shitty trades for this to work ... 
  i mean , calling a printer wireless while it still clearly needs at least a power cable is kind of false advertising in my book ... 
  uhm , i also do n't really get what that means . 
  i guess midnight until 8:30 in the morning ? 
  is that a common format for some form of schedule ? 
  ok , but why would they not use colons ? 
  using 24h time is the normal thing to do here in germany , but we would always write it 23:59 etc. 
  idk how schedules look here , as i work flextime  . 
  wifi printer . 
  printer with wireless ethernet . 
  idk . 
  i know it 's common knowledge that `` wireless '' on a printer refers to the network only , but you have to agree that somebody not knowing anything about the subject should reasonably assume that a printer advertised as `` wireless '' does not need any wires to work . 
  i know . 
  that 's what i said . 
  we just write 24h time as 12:59 , and after that it 's 13:00 . 
  we always use the colon , and omit am/pm . 
  not really . 
  00:00 is when a day starts . 
  that easy . 
  love it . 
  liberty walk or rocket bunny kits on supercars are sexy as hell . 
  really appreciate you connecting with the community on reddit . 
  keep up the good work , love your music . 
  best wishes from munich . 
  du redest in jedem 2 . 
  \\  unikantine, 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  i am about to buy this as a christmas present for myself . 
  is it still worth getting a 144hz gsync even if you pc probably wo n't hit 144 fps most of the time ? 
   careful when transporting/receiving the monitor . 
  keep it upright and not flat . 
  elaborate on that pls . 
  why ? 
  i guess if i order directly from dell i 'll l get the newest one . 
  weekend , untracked late hours ? 
  i hope you get paid a lot . 
  that very much depends on the sector . 
  the company i work at usually has 35h contracts , full flextime , you can work anytime you want between 6 am and 7 pm . 
  overtime is tracked , you can take it off later or have it paid if you ca n't take it off . 
  on weekends the company is closed , only with special permissions can you work on weekends . 
  it just tastes like generic `` blue '' flavor . 
  i read you become somewhat dependent on melatonin though ? 
  like , if you take it every time you go to bed you will have trouble sleeping without it ? 
  had one , can confirm dopeness . 
  also hl2 . 
  until core2duo came out , and amd was lost the race , once and for all . 
  because it 's fun as hell ? 
  war an der tum . 
  you know what % means , right ? 
  europe : gainward , us : msi or asus . 
  already contacted their european distributor asking if i could buy new discs from them . 
  i was using a mild locktite variant that does n't completely seize the screws , but protects against vibration loosening . 
  i just read some more on the topic , apparently it 's fine if you coat the screws and let it fully dry before screwing them in . 
  the plastic is incredibly brittle and looks like it melted on the bottom . 
  i asked the eu distributor if i could buy replacements from them . 
  i bought these at least 3 years ago . 
  i 'm pretty certain it did n't come with a warning back then . 
  finde [ palatino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palatino ) hat sehr viel flair . 
  yesterday i was at a cocktail bar and the girls at the next table played with the candle . 
  they put in paper beer mats and tissue paper . 
  the beer mat seems to have acted as a large wick instead of burning and the candle turned into this massive torch that burned about half a foot high , they start to somewhat freak out . 
  waitress sees it , calmly snatches an empty jumbo cocktail glass of the bar and puts it over the candle , immediately extinguishing it . 
  she gave the girls a somewhat disappointed stare and went on with her business . 
  a buddy of mine set his grand parents up with ubuntu . 
  they do n't know it 's not windows and for browsing and email its fine . 
  if something goes awry he can remote in . 
  my 6700k is happy about not being obsolete quite that quickly :d, 
  you can of course . 
  i just meant that if the grandparents are confused by ubuntu / something breaks , you can fix it remotely . 
  agreed . 
  other possibility is of course apple , but that is a whole lot more expensive . 
  still , apple products are a good solution for older people . 
  it is very much associated here in germany . 
  nobody names their child that . 
  oh , the srt hellcat ad did n't show the hellcat losing badly ? 
  anyone surprised ? 
  because they say `` freeze '' ?
