  only the coiled cable is slightly irritating , since my pc is to my right and it goes around / acros my keyboard , might need to put my pc to my left or get an extension so i do n't have to strech it . 
  which windows clients support multisegment ? 
  the sennheiser pc 360 switches the mic off when it 's flipped up . 
  how do you deal with the sharp treble of the dt 770 pro ? 
  i just got my dt 990 pros , which sound roughly the same as the 770s , and now i need a good equalizer , because that ~ 8khz spike is slightly annoying ... 
  headphones : take a look at the beyerdynamic dt 990 pro . 
  just got them and i really like them . 
  as for the amp/dac , i 've heard good things about the focusrite scarlet series , the 2i2 is what you are looking for imho . 
  i definitely noticed sharp treble , to the point that i toned it down in an eq . 
  they have a noticable spike at around ~ 8khz . 
  also you are probably right about the scarlet , it 's more a recording device . 
  i just remembered it having multiple inputs and a usb dac . 
  best figure for swan sounds i have read to date . 
  the bananas i eat have no black parts . 
  [ ras syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ras_syndrome ) ( redundant acronym syndrome syndrome ), 
  250ohm pro is correct . 
  the dt 880 is a flat headphone , i rather have my bass . 
  if you want to make a \\ #hashtag on reddit you have to actually write \\ \\ #hashtag for it to work . 
  there is no wrong way to administer bacon . 
  is this somehow uncommon in europe ? 
  i grew up in a rural area and have never heard of such a practice . 
  also there is no german wikipedia article about the subject . 
  also it looks nice , 
  glad you like them , 
  if you want to use expensive / high-end headphones i would recomend not using them with the built-in dac and amp of a laptop or an ipod . 
  you should probably invest in a dac/amp combo . 
  this will also offer you a lot more choices , since most high-end headphones need an amp to function properly . 
  i liked mine and then passed it on to my mom . 
  she used and loved it until last week when it finally broke . 
  that little phone was relly tough , except for buying a new battery once it lasted well . 
  now we got her a nexus 4 . 
  exactly this . 
  when i get home from work/university i like to just sit there , headphones on , listening to some music or watch a few episodes of a tv show or a movie . 
  there is plenty of time to go do stuff , but i just like some hours of relaxing alone . 
  i have 3gb for 14 $ , and minutes / texts for 9 cent each . 
  uni kuru toga rotating self-sharpening mechanical pencil . 
  i have [ this one ] ( http://www.niteize.com/product/s-biner-ahhh.asp ) on my keyring , love it , although it 's not as versatile as yours . 
  wow , that looks like the worst product ever . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  headphones with vibration ? 
  appart from that , if they are new and out-of-the-box , return & refund them and get something better . 
  we have that method in germany for elementary school . 
  best is 1 , some teachers also give 1 + . 
  goes down to 6 or 6 - in some cases . 
  usually 5 or lower means you failed that class . 
  why is a refund out of question ? 
  amazon has amazing customer support , at least here . 
  they will happily refund even old stuff that for some reason stopped working . 
  i guess the reason they added that vibration thing is because they use several small speakers per earcup for surround , and they are most likely too small to produce any substancial bass . 
  `` real '' headphones do n't need vibration to convey powerfull explosions . 
  i do n't know about your location , but here they have to give at least a 1 year warranty and have to accept the item back within 14 days after delivery without reason ( exept you intentionally broke it of course ) . 
  mine has them in the back , electric in the front . 
  it 's like those little fish/frog things that started colonizing the earth from the water . 
  i can hold down the ` lock car ' button on my car key and it will shut the automatic windows . 
  cds are lossless 16-bit 44.1 khz pcm recordings . 
  to be fair , there is lossless music with better-than-cd quality . 
  cds offer `` only '' 16 bit 44,1 khz , there are for example 24 bit 96 khz flac files , produced from the record master data . 
  do they come with different tips ? 
  hdtracks offers above cd quality tracks . 
  the picture is real : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:german-dutch_rivalry.jpg, 
  you have the photoshopped version . 
  last month ? 
  it has been like this in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg since 2009 . 
  oo , i do n't know many people that smoke . 
  it 's for an android phone , will that still work ? 
  i have daily contact lenses that i use for sports and when i go to theme parks etc. 
  i used to wear monthly contatcs full time for several years , but now i 'm too lazy for it and just use daily lenses when glasses are inconveniet . 
  it really depends on the type of glasses . 
  my old wire-frame small glasses were no problem , but my new horn-rimmed glasses do n't sit quite as secure , also they are heavier because of the much bigger lenses . 
  they are slightly less conveniet , but the big field of view is nice , i hope small glasses never come back in style . 
  it said no for me until i allowed scripts , then it changed to nein . 
  you forgot imho , which stands for * im my humble opition * . 
  magic cards , dungeons & dragons , lego mindstorms, 
  you know , the time it takes the dial to go back is what encodes the number . 
  if you force it back faster you dial a different ( lower ) number . 
  both , double damage . 
  it 's a joke thats well executed and never breaks character . 
  wow . 
  it also really bad for some face muscles , and at some point you ca n't not puff your cheeks anymore , like it happened to dizzy . 
  swiftkey + swiftkey flow . 
  sell 'em , get some beyers going . 
  i can recommend shipping from thomann.de , if you do n't care about international shipping . 
  they ship free internationally above 199 $ and offer 3 year warranty for all products . 
  i own a sennheiser pc 360 , and i can tell you it has one of the best audio qualities you will get from a `` gaming '' headset . 
  also they are really comfortable . 
  that being said , they are starting to break after 3 and a half years ( crackling volume dial , sometimes the left driver failes when changing volue ) , but after nearly daily use for 3 and 1/2 years that is forgiven . 
  i think i might even be able to fix this on the cheap . 
  other options are the akg ghs 1 and the mmx 300 , i have not heard these yet , but the akg is on ear which i do n't like , and the beyers are too expensive for being a dt 770 32 ohm . 
  you should also state how much you are willing to spend and what type of headset you want ( on ear / over ear , closed / open etc. ) . 
  but i also have to say , do n't go that route !, 
  there is a reason everyone recommends getting `` real '' headphones and a mic !, 
  i now use a pair of beyerdynamic dt 990 pro and i love them . 
  i have not gotten a mic for them yet though , because i 'm still deciding which one to get and i 'm waiting for the modmic 4.0 . 
  i wear glasses with big arms and i have problems wearing leather padded headphones with high clamping force , or even worse , on ear headphones with strong force that push my ear onto the glasses . 
  my own headphones are both velours padded and i have no problem wearing them with glasses at all . 
  i do n't even feel they are there after some minutes ( beyerdynamic dt 990 pro , sennheiser pc 360 ) . 
  do you eq the dt 770/990 beyers or do you like the slightly sharp treble ? 
  for # 50 or less i would recommend going with in-ears , as they offer better sound for the buck in that price range . 
  the 880s are more natural , the 770 and 990 are more tailored to bassy music . 
  awesome , although i do n't like the all-black paint job .
