  you can slide it forward to better support your whole leg . 
  really ? 
  i have my seat angled back so my leg is sitting on the whole seat . 
  yes , but imho it 's not so much about the story as it 's about the cinematography . 
  you 're welcome . 
  most of the videos are about stanced cars and drifting . 
  $ 8000 per year is acutally very expensive for a dorm . 
  i currently pay $ 4800 ( $ 6333 ) for a 17m \u00b2 ( 183 sqft ) appartment in a dorm , but i have my own small kitchen ( 2x stove , fridge ) and a nice bathroom . 
  it also includes water/power/heat / internet and parking garage . 
  how can they force you to live on campus ? 
  what would they do if you just ignored them ? 
  such a thing is unhead of here ( germany ) . 
  i got a nicely paying student employee job after doing an internship . 
  this finances the rent and cost-of-living in this expensive city ( munich ) and i still have money to spare for gadgets etc. 
  do professors treat students like school children in the us ? 
  here the only requirement is that you do n't distract others or make a lot of noise . 
  beyond that they do n't give any fucks what you do in a lecture . 
  just do n't wear in an exam situation , is it that hard ? 
  you can also just put it in muted mode . 
  holy shit , those are awesome , and not even that expensive . 
  i think i just found my new wheels . 
  they even have a european shop and they offer the required certifications to use them in germany . 
  that 's euro style tint , here in europe we ca n't have the windscreen or the front side windows tinted beyond 20 % iirc . 
  wow that 's pretty harsh . 
  our university owns parts of the ( allegedly ) [ oldest brewery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weihenstephan_abbey ) in the world , alcohol is sold eveywhere on `` campus '' , at very reasonalbe prices . 
  i quoted campus since we do n't have a nominal campus , the [ university has sites and buildings all over the city ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technische_universit%c3%a4t_m%c3%bcnchen#campuses ) . 
  also you ca n't just get someone 's personal information just from having their plate number here , you can give it to the police , but that person would have to have committed an actual crime . 
  i really do n't like black wheels on most cars . 
  they are fine if they are very thin forged wheels on a lambo or something , but they just look wrong on most others . 
  m stripes on a car that does n't even have the m bodykit ... 
  no advertising please . 
  also those kind of lights are not allowed in many coutries . 
  germany for example mandates automatic headlight adjustemnt and headlight washers for all cars with hid lights . 
  please do n't install hid in your halogen headlights , it will blind traffic and it will look exceptionally tacky . 
  would n't the plaintiff in this case be the wife , seeing as she sued him ? 
  i usually have a second small pan where i cook the bacon . 
  i usually just toss the bun in there for a short while . 
  i was actually talking specifically about making burgers . 
  but now that i think about it , there is no reason not to have a second skillet full of bacon at all times . 
  you can improve most vegetarian meals by replacing them entirely with bacon . 
  i have done that when we were having a burger grilling party , as we required quite a lot of bacon , natrually . 
  sorry , what are we talking about ? 
  is that german plate an aa plate ? 
  did you live in aalen at some point ? 
  the real disadvantage of x drive is that the sports package does not come with sports suspension on them . 
  they are even higher than the standard cars , regardless of sports package or not . 
  other than that , i drive a 11/2007 e91 and i love it . 
  500 firepaper is not a muze plugin , it 's a standalone app . 
  it allows finer control over what you want to see by selecting categories of 500px pictures . 
  also you can switch to the next wallpaper by doing a three-finger-tap in that app , which is really cool . 
  edit : just realized that 500 firepaper already integrates with muzei , awesome !, 
  neither of those would work in germany . 
  i you were in stuttgart , 911 would get you the porsche headquarters . 
  in the eu you can use 112 pretty much everywhere . 
  the best thing about this review is , right at the end he says , the [ rear end ] ( https://i.imgur.com/sn1ntug.jpg ) looks like it 's trying to shit out a silver porsche 911 . 
  he 's so right , can not unsee !, 
  oh yes . 
  one night i was walking home from a party at about 3 am , a small road along a railroad track , near the forest . 
  at some point i just thought something was really off , but i kept going . 
  as i got closer to home , still walking along the tracks , i could suddenly hear a deep bass rumble every few seconds . 
  there were also bright lights somewhere ahead , but i could n't see them as there was a thick hedge between the path i was on and the tracks . 
  as i came closer the sounds grew louder and louder . 
  when i though i was right where the sound came from i made my way throug the hedge so i could see what 's going on on those tracks , i discovered it was a railraod maintenance crew with a massive train thing that pushed metal rods into the track bed and then vibrated them to compact the gravel . 
  did you just try it ? 
  congratulations on reaching a higher state of being . 
  bacon grease is also the most important ingredient in scrambled eggs . 
  i fry the bacon in the skillet , when it 's crispy i remove it and add the eggs , do n't pre-scramble them , no seasoning prior to putting them in the pan . 
  scramble them , adding a little salt an pepper while doing that . 
  when you think they need about 10 seconds more , remove them from the pan . 
  they will still cook on , also it 's a lot better when it 's still runny . 
  i like my eggs cooked so a seasoned vegetarian could probably still turn them into chicken . 
  i3s look like the ugly bastard child of an a-class and a fiat multipla . 
  in the german military it 's 80 cm distance . 
  79 is gay , 81 is desertion . 
  i would kill whoever did that to my car , regardless if they cleaned it or not . 
  that 's the catch phrase of the anime * shingeki no kyojin * aka attack on titan . 
  that does not mean lighting a cigarette , it means getting one for free . 
  that depends , if i 'm at a fast food place i 'll eat it with my hands , but at any restaurant or nice pub i 'll use cutlery . 
  german here . 
  many of our health care plans come with free international health care coverage . 
  i 'm a student employee at a german electrical engineering company and i 'm currently studying towards my master 's degree . 
  since university is pretty much free here i can study at a top university without any debt . 
  ask away . 
  i could understand it during exams , but during class ? 
  why do you treat university students like school children ? 
  damn , missed it . 
  i think he 's talking about the parking brake . 
  if you use the breakdown lane to get ahead i wo n't let you in . 
  ever . 
  it 's pretty good here , only a few people have n't gotten this yet . 
  it probably works this well because most people will shove you if you try to get in a train while people are still getting off . 
  it 's fair to say that some do n't like it , but to say most is very likely an overstatement . 
  i 'm german . 
  however , in big cities like frankfurt language should not cause a lot of problems . 
  all germans learn at least basic english in school . 
  at least at my university , nearly all of the master 's courses are in english . 
  the thing you should look into in advance is having a place to live . 
  there are usually a few student dorms but to get a room there you will usually have to apply about a year in advance . 
  if you choose to find your own accommodation you should still plan that well in advance . 
  as i 've mentioned above , university itself is pretty much free , i currently pay about $ 100 in administrative charges per semester , but rent can be expensive in the bigger cities , you will pay at least $ 300 - $ 400 a month for a small student apartment .
