  it 's a common household thing here in germany and is a lot cheaper , 500g usually sell for $ 3-4 as far as i know . 
  is n't olive oil a bit sensitive for the kind of head you 'd want on steak ? 
  i 'd use clarified butter or some pork fat . 
  better call saul spoilers :, 
  i just watched that episode yesterday , and that guy was weird and i did suspect he swiped something from that bag with his broom . 
  now i googled `` gustavo fring '' because i did n't continue watching breaking bad after like 2 seasons i think , and it 's him :d, 
  i do n't remember exactly what turned me off of it , but parts of it were just too annoying . 
  i think his wife was one of the biggest factors in that decision . 
  since then there has been enough other stuff that i wanted to watch more than bb , so i have n't come back to it yet . 
  i might give it a 2nd chance at some point , maybe . 
  it is used as all purpose fat for pretty much everything you throw in a pan here . 
  it 's nice and stable and you can keep it unrefrigerated , which butter wo n't tolerate . 
  it 's called `` butterschmalz '' in german . 
  tbh , for scrambled eggs i usually use straight up butter , since i do n't cook it too hot and butter will do that easily . 
  has even more flavor than clarified butter . 
  also what i like to do is put the eggs straight into the pan , no whisking beforehand . 
  then let the eggwhite start to solidify , as if you 'd be doing fried eggs , season with pepper and salt . 
  start to scramble when you see a layer of white , but the eggwhite is n't cooked all the way yet . 
  this gives you much nicer looking scrambled eggs , with white and yellow patches . 
  i 'm on a nexus 5 , but i 've seen the light and want to switch to apple , as i love my ipad pro 12.9 '' to death . 
  however , i 'm waiting for the ip8 as well . 
  i know your pain . 
  how can you check what your gsync module is doing ? 
  what artist was it ? 
  you have a lot more control than you can imagine right now . 
  best intro . 
  ah no , best intro is spacebattleship yamato 2199 , that music :d, 
  electrical engineering not listed . 
  gute aktion . 
  kindle paperwhite to the rescue . 
  wow nice . 
  i was on the fence of buying this right when i saw it in the hospital store , but did n't have time to listen to any of it . 
  you just sold me on it . 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( https://www.hospitalrecords.com/shop/release/keeno/medic68-music-for-orchestra-drums-bass ) . 
  how do i keep myself from spending $ 350 on a virtual spaceship if it 's that cool and limited time only ? 
  the fear of missing out is real ... 
  as stated above , the `` posters '' were likely greenscreens . 
  after half a year of grind or something ... 
  i have never thought about this , both my current car and the car before that had automatic windshield wiper sensors that worked really well . 
  why is everything in this post formated as a list , except for the list of menu items ? 
  $ 530 on ships , + some other stuff like a few skins , hoodie , etc , so probably around $ 600 . 
  aribter lti ( 325a + game etc ) , pirate pack lti ( cutlass black + goodies ) and banu merchantman . 
  i regret it slightly now that i read it , but the hype makes up for it . 
  also , bmm might carry a banu defender . 
  are turrets planned to keep your aim direction , regardless of ship movement , in the future ? 
  that would make using them so much better i think . 
  meh , exit bag and done . 
  nah , space whale looks boring and slow , the forward swept wings , and the forward `` spike '' on the bottom make this ship pretty unique imho . 
  : https://www.amazon.de/motorola-extreme-funkger%c3%a4t-wetterfest-reichweite/dp/b00ang0m18/ref=pd_cp_107_1?_encoding=utf8&amp;psc=1, 
  ooooh , that changes a lot . 
  thanks . 
  wait until the cutlass black is reworked ... 
  i live in germany , i always had my swiss army knife in my pocket , never though anything of it . 
  used it a couple of times with the teacher seeing that , nobody ever said a thing about it . 
  idk if it was fobidden or not , but nobody cared . 
  go weller or go home . 
  i 'd say with those credentials you can ask for that . 
  if you want classic bavarian , go to the augustiner br\u00e4ust\u00fcberl instead of donisl . 
  it 's also way less expensive . 
  seeing as you went to joon , you 're close to tum . 
  one of my absolute favorite places to eat in munich is [ bobby 's pizza ] ( http://www.bobbys-muenchen.de/ ) which is also relatively close by . 
  afaik that 50k euro fine is for your landlord , not you . 
  there are fines for the renters as well , but they are not nearly that severe . 
  moroccan lamb - indian food . 
  you wot ? 
  to be fair , people that subject themselves to that for money would probably just sell the masks and go on as they always have ... 
  one beer per hour ? 
  what is this , middle school ? 
  oh , that has been removed ? 
  when i bought it the cutlass was still advertised as having a `` cutting jig '' to cut a hole in other ships . 
  to be honest , i did n't buy the ship with the intention of becoming a pirate necessarily . 
  i bought it more as a multi role ship . 
  ned gschempft isch globt gnug . 
  what is going on cable wise on that house in the background ? 
  flite test makes plans for really cool cardboard / foam planes that you can make yourself or buy they precut kits , for example the [ plane from tale spin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enxndyxujvg ) . 
  yes please . 
  customizability is important . 
  did you own the bmm before this sale started ? 
  that 's why i decided to post it . 
  ah hey there :d . 
  the starfarer is supposed to be able to create fuel from gas giant , is n't it ? 
  as such , it would be predestined for that imho . 
  but i only have it as a loaner right now , until the bmm arrives . 
  very high , 2560x1440 . 
  idk what you mean . 
  however , i think the screenshots look kinda worse than it does ingame ? 
  the rear walkway of the starfarer . 
  he 's actually the person leaning on that railing and he piloted my ship to this spot . 
  no , i have n't really looked into orgs yet . 
  i joined reddfaction back when it was founded , but i have n't followed this game very closely over the years . 
  thank you for the offer , but i will probably wait with looking into orgs until beta / closer to release . 
  i wanted to take another one without chat , but in that moment the sniper rifle he 's actually holding popped back into view and it did n't look like he was leaning on the balcony anymore . 
  just because they have money does not mean they are stupid about money . 
  they probably very well know what 's up and just take the piss on op because he whines about money on social media ... 
  that would make me quite happy . 
  i find the 350r to be incredibly annoying to deal with for some reason . 
  she made fun of him . 
  clickbait thumbnail much ? 
  call it `` shhh \\ _ its \\ _ me 's sorted snacks '' , you know , like assorted snacks , but sorted . 
  get it ?
