  especially their time domain frequency analyzers and their network analyzers are the best in the market imho . 
  actually guilds are capped at 500 , 
  that sounds like a job for interface modifications , which imho should be a part of every game in existence . 
  you can get key on ebay from serious traders for about half that price . 
  for schematics and pcbs try kicad, 
  you should probably try joining a guild . 
  i will gladly help any dungeon noob from my guild , since i can communicate with them via mumble and teach them . 
  i will however not accept a non guild member that is n't 80 and has at least some gear going . 
  you can get it for free [ here ] ( http://www.dafont.com/kaiserzeit-gotisch.font ) . 
  just for a fun test i set it as my [ emacs font ] ( http://i2.minus.com/icllvm80sqoo3.png ) , probably wo n't be using that . 
  the numbers are awesome , look at the `` 1164 '' in line 26 . 
  you meant to say whisky , 
  if your toilet ca n't handle 1 piece of notebook paper it really sucks . 
  if that includes the lenses that is really cheap . 
  if it consoles you , i have money to spend but bought neither of those . 
  liberation mono, 
  solarized dark is my absolute favorite . 
  what is the recomended procedure to upgrade on windows ? 
  try solarized dark https://github.com/sellout/emacs-color-theme-solarized, 
  to say ' i told you so ' . 
  my private pcs run fedora , i 'm on windows at work ... 
  it 's not about they keypuller itself , it 's about that specific keychain / keypuller with the mx blue switch in the top  . 
  blank red keycaps wo n't cut it since , as stated above , they lack the ridge on the f key . 
  wasdkeyboards only has wasd , qwer and hjkl packs . 
  i would have to buy a wasd pack and a single red j/f . 
  is there a comparison how they compare form-wise to they keycaps on my daskeyboard ? 
  thanks , did n't look inside that pack since it only said wasd on the overview . 
  if it 's ghetto and it works is mc guyver, 
  why would they not let you do that ? 
  what do you mean by formula for a line ? 
  y = mx + c ? 
  if you want something real silent you should probably go for topre switches , but keyboards with those are expensive . 
  mechanical keyboards usually have full-travel switches , which have a significantly higher travel distance than your laptop keys . 
  most mechanical keyboards feature cylindrical shaped keycaps . 
  if you want any other shape you will have to buy them separately . 
  i have found retailers using the wiki . 
  also i now found the kbt pure on amazon . 
  i 'll buy a kbt pure with us layout for programming . 
  i 'm currently deciding if i want the backlit or the non backlit version . 
  i think i 'll buy the non baclit version , because they do n't wear as much ... 
  bought it directly fom kbtpure.com , europe retailer . 
  i got the version with non-backlit pbt keycaps , since i heard the backlit version wears fast . 
  switches will be mx-brown , since this is gon na be my keyboard at work . 
  [kbtpure.com ] ( http://kbtpure.com/kbtpure/kbc-poker.html ) sells pokers . 
  site is a bit slow sometimes . 
  she 's not a robot , she is an alien , and her name is snoo . 
  wow , that data transfer method is the most ghetto thing i 've seen in a while !, 
  good job . 
  stomvi all the way , 
  try uni kuru toga self-sharpening pencils , they will blow you mind . 
  for work get mx brown switches without steel plate mounting . 
  jumper cables , rope , entrenching tool , tie down straps , first aid box ( mandantory here ) , umbrella , toilet paper , snow chains ( winter only ) , leatherman . 
  depending on your editor you might be able to use other combos for the home / end functionallity . 
  i use the emacs c-a and c-e commands for that . 
  i like that more , because i do n't have to shift my hands over to that 6 key block on a full sized keyboard . 
  realizing that i pretty much only use the main keyblock keys i bought a kbt pure 60 % for work ( did n't arrive yet ) . 
  i do n't know about the noise level of the noppoo , if it is plate mounted it will be louder than most rubber domes . 
  i bought the pure for that reason aswell , pcb mounted mx browns with cherry stabs , ca n't go much quieter than that . 
  be careful with blues at work . 
  if you do n't have your own soundproof office you will get complaints . 
  plate mounted blues are imho too loud for work . 
  it 's about the stabilized keys ( the big ones ) , afaik o-rings do n't have too much effect on those . 
  that is a big problem . 
  if you do n't prebook a roaming contract for that time you pay like 1 $ / 100kb . 
  phones will however shut down mobile data when in roaming automatically , unless you explicitly force them to enable it ( my android at least does this ) . 
  i however only pay 15 $ / month for a 3gb fast data / unlimited edge data plan , but without unlimited text / calls . 
  well , what keys do you use aside the main keyset ? 
  as an emacs user i do n't need arrow keys , or the 6 keys ( home end etc. ) . 
  also i rarely ever use the f keys , and if i wanted to it 's just fn + the number , which is arguably better to reach than the f keys themselves . 
  even if i did n't use emacs i would probably find a way to rebind everything outside the main keyfield onto key combos on the main keyfield , just because i do n't like reaching for keys . 
  also , i have remapped my capslock to be an aditional ctrl key , since i use it often . 
  you would need to have a hole through all the chips for the screw thing to go though that pushes the little tray that pushes the chips ... 
  cheaper that 50ct a minute , i think more around 25ct/minute for me . 
  that 's not a point ... lenovo power adapters are also universal to lenovo laptops . 
  i do n't get your second point . 
  i 'm looking at the screen while typing , so i automatically check what i write ... 
  festival rule # 1 : bring your own tp . 
  or better , if you are on the campground , watch the cleaning trucks . 
  go take a dump after it finished the nearest shit station . 
  or go deluxe and go to the pay-per-shit loos which are usually really clean ( if available ) . 
  nice work , but i do n't understand how you did n't choose a mech if you were gon na put this much effort into it ... 
  you are supposed to use the lane until you can not use it any longer . 
  always merge as late as possible . 
   smart keyboard solutions is a 100 % woman owned small business that [ ... ], 
  oo is that a usual thing to post on a company website ? 
  i 've never seen `` 100 % woman owned '' mentioned anywhere . 
  maybe you can trade it , for example on geekhack . 
  just swap the number instead of the name . 
  thread will stay the same , new messages will come from you instead of the gf/bf . 
  esdf master race represent !, 
  you are meant to hold the fork in the [ left hand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/table_setting#place_setting ) , if you are right handed . 
  hmm i just tried it and the x is too far to the right for me to be comfortable . 
  nice !, 
  i just received my unlit kbt pure with printed pbt keycaps . 
  i 'll post some pictures once i get home ( tuesday ) . 
  i 'm using a similar `` home row only '' philosophy , except i use emacs style keybinds instead of vim . 
  i just picked up a kbt pure 60 % keyboard [ ( ripster review ) ] ( http://imgur.com/a/nqtka#0 ) . 
  i got the version without backlight and with pbt keycaps . 
  i really like it so far , but i have n't really used it that much yet . 
  i does not have built-in features to swap capslock and esc , but you can make caps lock an additional ctrl key ( that 's what i use ) .
