  do they state anywhere at what time the recording will take place ? 
  here pretty much everyone has already replaced their gas mower with an electric one . 
  i do n't know what gas mowers cost , but the electric one my parents bought was like 300-400 $ . 
  it 's made by sabo and as far as i can tell it 's really good . 
  they love that it 's hassle free , no trouble getting it working after the winter . 
  also my mom had trouble starting the old gas mower sometimes , she really likes the electric one . 
  yes , they are always connected to an outlet via a long cable . 
  imho that adds to the `` hassle free '' aspect , as you do n't have to deal with decaying/dead batteries . 
  you just plug it in and off you go . 
  european patent office is in munich . 
  try to get in there , you will make tons of money , basically tax free and incredible benefits . 
  definitely , as i 've said , the 1080p monitor is just for now . 
  in a month or 2 , depending on what other stuff i want to buy first ( just started working , suddenly disposable income  , i will upgrade it . 
  i currently use a 24 '' 1080p monitor , and my old 19 '' 4:3 as a side display . 
  i do plan on having multiple monitors in the future also , but idk what i will go with . 
  if i do go for more than one 1440p monitor i might get a 2nd 1080 card to power it . 
  interesting . 
  last thing i heard was that the msi gaming x had the best cooler , noise wise . 
  however , apparently the gainward is even quieter . 
  right , but the board i have planned has plenty of space between graphics cards , so even if i would decided to go with more than one , it would be no problem . 
  meh , 2 is kinda weird , i 'll always have a seam in the middle . 
  i saw a documentation about russian nuklear icebreakers . 
  the icebreakers often tow cargoships through the channels they create , because they have so much power and bascially no fuel costs , and it saves the cargo vessels a ton of money . 
   arktika consumes up to 200 grams of fuel a day when breaking ice . 
  there are 500 kg of uranium isotopes in each reactor , allowing for at least 13.7 years between changing reactor cores . 
  so not feeling this ... 
  was there ever a e46 rally car that had lights like those ? 
  the mansion was an airbnb apparently . 
  case in point . 
  that car does not have rally lights . 
  also , ops car is a wagon ... 
  heh , once it arrives i might install my gtx1080 in my old rig with an intel q6600 and 4gb of ram , just for the heck of it . 
  that is probably not ok under any sort of compliance rules , but if you just keep quiet about it it 's likely fine . 
  i was recommended that cooler as well , but i refused to buy it because of that horrendous name . 
  i just ca n't support that . 
  for fpga development i think a 128 gb sdd will soon be a bit small . 
  vendor toolchains from altera/xilinx often are 30-40gb alone . 
  then you will usually have a 3rd party simulation tool + maybe matlab . 
  if you then add the size of one or two fpga-filling projects with binaries and synthesis + simulation results , 128gb will sooner than later limit you . 
  my 256gb ssd at work is almost constantly full , will probably be upgraded to 1tb soon . 
  oh you can definitely see it in the dark . 
  they do exist here in germany , too . 
  garlic powder ? 
  i find it does n't like like much of anything . 
  i always have garlic around . 
  ... and you do n't have to be anywhere that day . 
  also , plugging in 1/4 inch jacks . 
  both the haptics and the sound . 
  i woke up after a drunk evening once , went to the bathroom and found the book i was reading at the time in the sink ... 
  i meant the sound the actual jack makes , not what you hear over the system . 
  ideally you would have that channel muted while plugging something in . 
  i think i have n't ever bought some on my own . 
  i have tasted the stuff my parents had ( it might have been old ) and decided to just skip that stuff and use fresh garlic instead . 
  yes , however they are talking about developers , for whom , if they have a degree , 30k $ is not much . 
  just curious , how did you stumble upon this 8 days old askreddit thread now ? 
  gainward is amazing if you are not in the us . 
  will be buying skylake i7 / gtx 1080 machine this week , can confirm that i will play stardew on it once the multiplayer is released . 
  automatic transmission repair + flush + new fluid . 
  finished university , got a good job , waiting for my first paycheck to arrive , so i can buy a killer new gaming pc . 
  finally . 
  ah , another de razor user i assume . 
  i like to add the eggs to a pan without stirring them first , and let them cook like fried eggs for a little while , then start scrambling them . 
  this makes them look much nicer imho , because the end product will have some variety of white and yellow bits in it , not look like a uniform yellow mass . 
  yes , it has been announced from the start , that stardew will get multiplayer at some point down the road . 
  i think i 've heard claims that it 's not planned until like 2nd half of 2017 though . 
  see the [ faq on their page ] ( http://stardewvalley.net/faq/ ) . 
  nice . 
  that very much depends on if she 's at the garching campus or at the campus in maxvorstadt . 
  i usually bang it on my cutting board or hit it with the spine of my 10 '' knife . 
  \\  not using keyfiles, 
  i actually prefer thomas henry tonic , but i think you can only get that here in germany . 
  their bitter lemon is awesome as well . 
  4k monitor at least . 
  mobile amd gpu , lol , you 're not playing anything recent on that . 
   pork , turkey or chicken, 
  traditionally veal , sometimes substituted by cheaper pork . 
  even rarer is it poultry . 
  veal , not chicken . 
  somtimes it 's pork , in rare cases it might be turkey . 
  no nvme ? 
  at this budget i 'd definitely go that route ... 
  nvme is a type of ssd which is connected directly to pci-e instead of sata . 
  they are becomming increasingly popular , as they are faster than traditional ssds . 
  an example woud be [ the new samsung 960 series ] ( http://www.samsung.com/semiconductor/minisite/ssd/product/consumer/ssd960.html ) . 
  however , they are still more expensive than `` traditional '' ssds , especially compared to a budget model like the one / u/techs181 suggested . 
  another advantage is , that they are directly connected to the mainboard without any wires etc. 
  for a bit more info you can look at [ this arstechnica article ] ( http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2015/10/950-pro-review-samsungs-first-pcie-m-2-nvme-ssd-is-an-absolute-monster/ ) about the older samsung 950 series of nvme drives . 
  at least the reason was positive . 
  buddy of mine kicked a concrete wall after sadly failing a maths exam . 
  broke something in this foot . 
  how did you get stuck ? 
  do n't worry , he will remind you . 
  right , a census on that island is going to produce very accurate results , i 'm sure . 
  street view , you keep using that word ... 
  omg, 
  you know this is a dune reference , right ? 
  i 'm in the market for a new computer chair , as my old ikea chair is starting to fail . 
  i 've been looking into herman miller , but i would like to try the chairs out before i spend several grand on a it . 
  started working after finally finishing uni last month . 
  ordered 2000 $ gaming machine last week , ca n't wait for it to arrive .
