  i have it in my university backpack and it has been helpful in so many situations . 
  getting my beyerdynamic dt990 pro was one of the best investments ever . 
  i use them daily for gaming and music . 
  i have a [ modmic ] ( http://www.modmic.com/ ) attached to them so i can use them for voip ( teamspeak/mumble ) while gaming . 
  oh yes . 
  about 2 months after i got my mech at home i got a second one for work . 
  that 's a reserved bmw to parking space , why else would the logo be white and blue ? 
  it also has extra space around so drivers of inferior cars do n't scratch you . 
  holy shit , that browser is a revelation . 
  french people often have diacritics on their names . 
  maybe he 's german , we also have declension , but the german word for it is `` deklination '' . 
  holy shit , get them pitch forks . 
  wait , you keep peoples towing hooks ? 
  that 's kind of mean . 
  i 'm sceptical as well , that kind of production depth is unheard of . 
  that 's a c-style prefix , which is common in many languages . 
  0 prefix signifies ocal , 0x hexadecimal and 0b binary . 
  no it needs a new 64 bit hardware platform . 
  nexus devices do n't necessarily need to be perfectly usable daily drivers , they are first and foremost hardware platforms for developers . 
  it would be nice if it has those features , but that 's entirely secondary . 
  so much . 
  just keep phones at 1080p , but give me a fucking desktop monitor with the same pixel density !!, 
  just have your seats low enough :d, 
  i hate bus drivers . 
  they drive like they own the road . 
  they disregard right-of-way , they do n't wait for oncomming traffic if their side of the road is blocked , they disregard turning lanes at intersections , they just over all drive like assholes . 
  i get that they need to meet a tight schedule , but that does not warrant a blatant disregard of rules . 
  edit : i seem to have upset some bus drivers , 
  i live in germany , munich to be exact and most bus drivers are just mental . 
  oh my god , i 've seen so many samung phones set to comic sans , it 's really sad . 
  i did that once . 
  when i was still going to school i used my car quite often . 
  there was a spot on one of the roads going to the school where one of the lanes was usually blocked by parking cars . 
  as i reach my side of the obstacle the bus moves to my lane and also tries to pass it . 
  we meet somewhere in the middle , the bus driver gesturing wildly and shouting . 
  i 'm calm , there were no cars behind the bus or me . 
  i just stopped and waited , after about 10 seconds of him gesturing i turned off my engine and just waited . 
  he eventually got in reverse and moved out of the way . 
  i guess they are on salary , but they probably get some shit from their bosses if they fall behind on schedule . 
  oh yes , he had the window rolled down and kind of leaned out , shouting as i went by , i was worried he might jump in though my open roof ( i drove a vw polo open air back then ) . 
  i guess whatever he must have said was probably very profane , but all i heard was my sound system . 
  i know that rule , but that only applies when they are pulling out of a bus stop , not on every intersection or obstacle that they encounter . 
  in germany you are not allowed to overtake a bus if it 's aproaching a bus stop and has it 's hazard lights on . 
  both traffic directions have to slow down to wakling pace when passing a bus stopped in a bus stop , and you have to let it merge out of a bus stop . 
  you 're good , you really make me want to argue with you , 
  wrong subreddit , post in / r/androidwear . 
  as stated above , i do know the special rules :, 
   in germany you are not allowed to overtake a bus if it 's aproaching a bus stop and has it 's hazard lights on . 
  both traffic directions have to slow down to wakling pace when passing a bus stopped in a bus stop , and you have to let it merge out of a bus stop . 
  but the lane switching i 'm talking about is like this , there is a t intersection , 1 lane is for right-turns , one for left turns . 
  the bus sometimes passes the left-turn lane to pass the people in the right-turn lane , then cuts them off at the end by going right itself . 
  i think they could look cute on the right girl . 
  maybe i 'm just exposed to it a lot since i use buses several times a day . 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  more pictures in [ this article ] ( http://www.nzz.ch/panorama/wagen-von-rhb-zug-20-meter-in-die-tiefe-gestuerzt-sieben-verletzte-1.18362165 ) , german . 
  it looks like you mixed copper and nickel or aluminum parts in your loop . 
  is unselfish really a word ? 
  would n't generous be better ? 
  nice !, 
  btw , is voil\u00e0 . 
  be careful with this , i heard that polishing your headlights will remove the hardened outer layer , making them much more susceptible to fogging up again much faster . 
  yea that 's just gon na give people justification for littering those cigarette buts , it 's still pollution , there are enough seeds in the forest ground . 
  idk , i like my cars to be refined and sporty , but to each their own . 
  that fluffy stuff on the steering wheel and front seat is arguably even worse . 
  same here , i wanted to mirror it , but i ca n't get to the picture . 
  edit : i managed to upload it to imgur by copying the link address and putting it into imgur , [ behold ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fxle8dd.jpg ) . 
  i wonder why nobody has stripped it for parts . 
  the wheels alone are bound to fetch a good price . 
  no screen ? 
  horse . 
  there is no monitor on this desk . 
  i did n't ask for this . 
  no , it 's not really bundling light , it 's just redirecting it . 
  pink camo is the epitome of trashy . 
  dat three point dome strut , hnnnng . 
  there are a bunch of podcasts you can listen to , that 's what i did . 
  [ this one ] ( http://tocshow.libsyn.com/web ) is a good start . 
  the zoos here pretty much all have a water pond in the tiger area , tiger love to swim . 
  how long was the exposure ? 
  did you use a tracking mount ? 
  it 's $ 249,99 if you do n't want to open the link . 
  instabuy . 
  bacon pain is manly pain , real men suffer for their food . 
  i hope you are making a pun . 
  new gaming pc , rotiform/forgestar wheels , all the nice kitchen stuff on my amazon wishlist . 
  cat / dev/mem, 
  yeah , what 's up with that , i 've never seen it capitalised like that . 
  if trucks pass you then you are doing something seriously wrong . 
  yes but that hat got anything to do with the editor called emacs . 
  you only need to code the battery if you have a battery current sensor , and then you only need to do it if you mount a battery with a different capacity than that one you are replacing . 
  how old is your bmw ? 
  have you had the fluid changed yet ? 
   stainless-steel case and ** plastic ** case back, 
  aww . 
  i was hoping for glass or ceramic . 
  they probably ca n't make it metal because of the charging , but come on . 
  they also have an audio podcast . 
  along with the wheels and brake calipers . 
  i actually like the chrome on my pre-lci e91 . 
  imho you should lower it , the x-drive models sit so damn high .
