  they 're coarse , rough and irritating and i see them everywhere . '', 
  facebook is a real scumbag company and zuckerberg always was , never trust them . 
   but supporting companies like google and facebook is everybodies own choice . 
  it 's not much of a choice when they get so big and powerful they become isps themselves , but luckily there 's competition in various fields . 
  in america it seems to be either google or verizon & comcast . 
  pretty terrible situation . 
  i still trust google way more than them , but for how long ? 
  all this data they store is comparable to the nsa and who knows what kind of private greed it will be mined for after sergey & larry is dead . 
  private companies do whatever they feel like , they as they are `` people '' . 
  companies do not have constitutions . 
  the 90s and early 2000s were really anonymous compared to now , but there 's also a ton more and powerful tools to encrypt , vpn and stuff to today . 
  if we simply avoid using facebook or spreading personally identifiable data around , such as your name it helps a lot , and using adblockers and tracking cookie blocking . 
  i had a random dream a few days ago where i met a male `` ww1 vet '' with a square-shaped head and bad teeth . 
  a bunch of people gathered to listen to him tell about the past , but i did not . 
  very strange coincidence for me ... and that dream scared me too . 
  the french seems to be much more willing to show their true colors , and not hiding it like in so many other places where they say they are `` social-democrat '' or `` labour '' instead of socialist , or `` moderate '' and `` liberal '' instead of conservative . 
  in denmark even , the conservative party is known as `` the left ( venstre ) while the left-wing is known as the `` socialist left '' . 
  if either socialism or conservatism is seen as worse depends from country to country , in the uk socialism is more shunned , while in sweden conservatism is more shunned . 
  same with le pen . 
  she 'd not be worse than trump , probably less but on the other hand france is a single state and no federalism making room for independent laws and governance like in the usa . 
  ... or she could be a lot worse we do n't know yet . 
  it may sound simple to just `` deport , deport ! '', 
  but people underestimate the huge amount of resources to just deport a single person . 
  not the least for a small country with a relatively small police force such as sweden . 
  there 's 12,000 people that were denied asylum to sweden who has since gone underground into hiding . 
  there has been severe lack of action to prevent it from happening , and two attacks so far has been someone denied asylum and later turning radical or plotting some sort of revenge : the first one i can recall is the ikea murders , where an eriteran man spontaneously knifed a mother and her son to death . 
  i do n't see how that attack is any less bad than the recent truck attack , which was also a random act of hatred , probably not thinking more `` white = a swede '' to punish the country . 
  but back when that happened , there was no giant articles of a `` sweden has been attacked in a terrorist attack !!, 
  in our beloved and all-important stockholm !! '', 
  it was just seen a sad thing , and no pictures of victims and perpetrator were displayed in the news . 
  only ones truly bothered were people on the internet and right-wing websites . 
  the man who attacked a bunch of teachers and kids at a immigrant-heavy school got a lot more publicity abroad and at home iirc , because of being a case of `` far-right hatred '' , but is n't any such attack , islamic or not also far-right hatred ? 
  even when they are not a part of any political or even religious group , it 's all equally racist attacks . 
  only difference is that attacks by truck or explosives are meant to kill hundreds or thousands if possible , but they rarely succeed . 
  knife attacks are harder to kill more than a few except in extremely crowded , confined areas . 
  [ a user in / r/sweden said it right ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/64d8t3/polischef_finns_just_nu_12_500_andra_avvikare/dg1gqts/ ) : ( pardon my poor google translate + cleaning up translation but ) : * first , the person is to be found , it may require an extensive investigation . 
  we likely have no surplus of police , and the ones we have are hardly unoccupied . 
  * the person is then to be picked up , which means a smaller or larger police operation ... * then the person must be put in a safe custody that he/she can not escape from , it ought to be in the style of high-risk prisons . 
  in other words , large resource-heavy facilities , and we hardly have a bunch of empty prisons today . 
  * then to actually get the person out of the country requires even more . 
  ecpessialy if the person does not want to . 
  it 's not like we can just book a ticket arlanda - astana with uzbekistan airlines . 
  probably some sort of police jet with a crew . 
  we have , incidentally , probably no larger fleet of such planes . 
  * in addition , all the problems to make it even be feasible depends on the country we are deporting to . 
  it has been understood that it 's not exactly problem-free . 
  nobody needs to go full vegetarian , or even vegetarian half of the time , we just do n't need to consume as much as we do . 
  if everyone skipped meat only * once * a week , it would do a great effect on reducing consumption . 
  it also keeps away vigilante animal rights activists , by making it all be seen in the clear . 
  media should actually try to ignore him and what he says , as he 's like an attention-seeking troll , but it 's hard to ignore presidents of the usa . 
   yes because the true horror of what happened is hidden . 
  you think that ? 
  you think people do n't post these images all over twitter , reddit etc already . 
  and always will be . 
  seeing stuff like this only makes people uncontrollably angry and emotional upset . 
  you think it * helps * people ? 
  strong emotion leads to irrationality , and that is why i 've been very critical of that image of the turkish migrant child , images will be remembered even if you learned later what the actual story of the picture was behind the sensationalist press , it changes our views often irreversibly as we simply ca n't not feel horrible that x did y , unless one has a strong , logical mind . 
  it all cements our feelings against something and towards other things . 
  yeah it sure is easy to just not able to click on images by mistake , often i see something listed `` nsfw '' and it 's brutal gore and not porn . 
  some use res to automatically open images too . 
  having an image when they were alive and say `` this person died in this brutal way '' is n't that enough for most people ? 
  one can only see enough brutality until one gets more and more numb , cynical and uncaring . 
  at least we do n't use the euro currency ... 
  but the swiss are outside the eu as well ? 
  in sweden we always use subtitles , except for children 's films and cartoons that are dubbed . 
  in france they tend to not just subtitle everything , they also dub over pretty much everything it seems . 
  including news . 
  a lot of irish/gaelic language in these notes , how many speaks it today really ? 
  i still do n't understand why the new bank notes have to be only about swedish 20th century culture and show-business , nothing else . 
  i 'd wish at least a few of the notes could have been voted on . 
  i like the original 100 kronor note . 
  while it surely might not be intentional to be about black or `` brown '' people , foreigners can still be seen as `` darker '' than white people . 
  but `` black sheep '' = `` scapegoat '' . 
  it may or may not be intended racially . 
  works fine to read inabritishaccent, 
  chicago used to have more ( or about as many ) swedish people in the second half of the 19th century than gothenburg , so it used to be the same there . 
  i have n't followed eurovision for many years . 
  it just became so full of suckage , and national tv spending so damn much money on it . 
  this year i might have missed it though . 
  so now the debt is so big it could basically be stretched from germany to china ? 
  is n't this more * scandinavian * style ? 
  i know both sweden and norway are pretty similar , but sweden tend to be quite a bit more strict and less laid back as norway , at least that 's how it used to be . 
  sweden - police guarding all political manifestations , norway - was less of concern . 
  i get it , sweden has had two political assassinations , but still . 
  we are simply more paranoid . 
  too bad the norwegian `` utopia '' was severely harmed last year ... 
  there 's a lot to love about my country ... 
  but i got not much pride in the law system , which i 'd really want to see some reform among different topics . 
  it would be the only way to make more people really respect the law and be good citizens , without being punished for things that should not be so important . 
  it does n't really matter what ideology they have , they always all hate the police the most . 
  which can be a problem . 
  this makes more sense than anything else surrounding the uk olympics so far ... 
  is that `` h\u00e4lge '' ? 
  i sense quite some hypocrisy on his part . 
  indeed , no matter how dictatorial people 's republic of china is we all have important business deals with them , while few have any important relations with ukraine . 
  on the other hand , when reinfeldt visited george w. bush in the white house in 2007 he did n't take up any important issue of criticism like the iraq or afghanistan wars , but during his visit to china he was more free to criticize them . 
  also , we can aim all our hate against iran 's regime while hardly mentioning anything about saudi arabia or the uae due to being important us allies ... mostly just human rights organizations do it . 
  how do i add it , then ? 
  says nothing in the flair settings . 
   8,000,000 including civilian casualties .
