  neither is a deadly sin , unlike leaving the religion or desecrating the prophet . 
  he probably knew he was a shit , and committing suicide by murdering dozens of people is the customary way to end your life . 
  compared to e.g japan or the west where you usually just end it . 
  ironically a ordinary suicide is a deathly sin , but if you make yourself a `` martyr '' in the name of the religion by blowing yourself up - it 's not !, 
  i truly do n't understand the mindset behind this , or how the german pilot who kill himself with hundreds of passengers without regret , was pretty much the same thing . 
  you are never not a muslim , you either are or you are not - actually , every single person in the world is seen with the same rules as islam as there is only one god and one final prophet . 
  that 's why you ca n't defile the religion as a westerner as it 's seen as the ultimate and `` most correct '' of abrahamic faith . 
  you committed a deadly sin and need to be punished . 
  the only other religious faith we can compare it to is evangelical christianity . 
  2005 was just a few years after 9/11 . 
  i bet things are a little different now , but with brexit i wonder if the security would not be worse instead of better . 
  not the first time he has done something like this i recall . 
  [ fethullah g\u00fclen is for a different kind of islamization and anti-secularism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fethullah_g%c3%bclen ) but it seems like it would be of the nicer variety ? 
  and more west-friendly . 
  all the dickpicks you can take . 
  and here i thought it was possibly supporters run by the former president . 
  edit : [ seems like he could be better than erdogan at the very least , but who knows ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fethullah_g%c3%bclen ), 
  it absolutely was a wasteland in the 90s . 
  it was the most destroyed city in the world at the time . 
  money from putin 's oil helped a lot . 
  at least plane crashes are most likely to be an accident than a deliberate mass murder . 
  that 's the worst part , how one can be so demoralized to do this . 
  well , right now ( a part of ) nice resembles a warzone to some extent . 
  the whole country ? 
  certainly not . 
  similar to how bread is called `` pain '' . 
  does n't mean it 's pronounced the same . 
  a decent gesture that any country should be capable of . 
  yay !, 
  now we have to resort to way shittier outlook or yahoo mail and search engines !, 
  and the shittiest video streaming services with almost nothing to find !, 
  far better alternatives to youtube ? 
  seriously ? 
  no welfare for jakucha . 
  i think a great way would use to have ex-muslims as `` spies '' of sort to enter these mosques and listen to people in there , while pretending to be a regular muslim adherent . 
  i know of one : [ mohamed omar , a known writer and poet in sweden ] ( https://detgodasamhallet.com/category/mohamed-omar/ ) who used to see himself as an shia-islamic extremist often visits local mosques and see how they think about things in it . 
  also why not invite known ex-muslims as well ? 
  they do n't deserve persecution for doing little else but leaving a shitty faith system . 
  somehow , putin 's russia feels less scary than trump . 
  at least he would have no interest building more damn golf courts ... 
  i also know a few russians and they have been okay under putin , hard for those living in cities hiding their sexuality or other interests that are looked down upon by the state . 
  the only thing immigration should be for , is to allow those who wish to go there to study and learn and integrate . 
  or a small amount that need urgent protection from warfare ... but the wast majority of them are neither urgent , or even deserving under the un refugee convention . 
   france should ban muslim immigration if it was anyone but the national front that could do it , i would be for it . 
  block all immigration before the nf takes over . 
  rather than trying to find who is militant and who is not , which is really hard it 's better to ban them all equally . 
   it would send a powerful message . 
  send a message ? 
  not to isil and other islamic terrorist groups . 
  the crazies that do this probably say they are part of isis to boast to them of what they are capable of . 
  and isis on their own of course take the `` responsibility '' as it works for their propaganda . 
  we could all have peaceful and progressive countries if we had a limit on immigration , just like it used to be . 
  defeating nazism was a big struggle , now we have nazi islamists . 
  right wingers like national front is more like populists for now , but no one knows what they may evolve into . 
  we used to fear either the soviet union or the united states and nuclear weapons . 
  now it 's radical islam , far-right politics and hardline capitalism . 
  this time it could be the england and france and eu-hostile states vs germany and eu-friendly states . 
  i do n't know , but i doubt it will be traditional warfare , more like hostility and intimidation . 
  the hardest thing is not to succumb to far-right politics and remain france , or to succumb to jihadism which is a fanatically religious far-right . 
  france is doing better cause they have experience with extremism for quite some time . 
  and isis is punishing them strategically ... 
  the only thing i can hope from this is that the other parties will finally improve and do something . 
  or a new party on the left that cares about national interests at the same time ... 
  without being national-socialists , as bad as it sounds where not about socialism in the end , just grabbing the working classes that used to vote left just like parties like national front is doing, 
  they are 100 % qur ` anic literalists . 
  the bible and the koran are both apocalyptic tales , where the `` end of times '' is seen as a great , positive thing where sinners will be judges and the righteous awarded . 
  [ link for anyone interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxljfi92fs4 ) . 
  same can be said about norway , a country that was known for its peacefulness had a sudden lone wolf attack ( breivik ) . 
  some of them i 'd certainly call extreme , like the national front . 
  swedish media call them `` right-wing extremist '' , while other parties are called `` right-wing populist '' . 
  i 'm personally against abusing the term `` extreme '' for anyone but those who want to actively murder and destroy . 
  and those exist both from the left to the right !, 
  and extreme anarchists . 
  i bet if we lived in an other decade , say the 80s a lot of us would probably think that is as `` freedom fighters '' fighting for independence from former colonial powers or corrupt government ( like syria 's al-assad ) if they did n't attack us directly . 
  besides how the united states actively sponsored the taliban to fight against the big bad of the time , the soviet union . 
  how times have changed . 
  sadly i feel the latter will end up being the case . 
  we humans tend to only do something radical when it 's too late to to anything else . 
  action on climate change , or on immigration . 
  from right to left . 
  too bad only the right-wing/populist parties steals the attention by being the only ones speaking out ... and they are not sincere . 
  does n't mean they should n't be allowed to be in government , but they are gaining more and more in many countries . 
  i wish the left and liberal politicians could be smarter again . 
  yet countries like iraq , iran ( persia ) and afghanistan had modern , progressive society in many ways during the early days of arab socialism , shah-ruled pro-western society or when afghanistan still had kings and later soviet supported government . 
  not just any islam , but the most extreme form : salafist sunni islam , which all about `` back to the roots to how muhammed would do it '' if only they could have some objective and rational criticism of this ever-so-sacred prophet they would not be worse than any other regular christian or jew . 
  but christianity with is more or less imaginary jesus figure is openly made fun of and most people do n't give a damn about the countless parodies , this is strictly contrasting to it is in most of the islamic world . 
  it is funny how some say isil are `` not real muslims '' or trying to scoff terrorist attacks off as `` nothing to do with islam '' when the root of the problems is islam , a lot worse than christianity in general if one ignores evangelical protestantism which is similar to salafism in some ways , except that most of the adherents do n't live in warzones so they usually do n't blow other people up . 
  most of europe has had state religions that has reformed over time as the political , social and cultural shifts has taken place , some slower and some faster than others . 
  i try to get most of my reliable info from ex-muslims and a few others . 
  i prefer people who do n't go with a set `` ideology '' . 
  i am vary of getting propaganda from right-wing sources , but equally from left-wing sources . 
  was n't it scotland 's dream of joining up with norway ? 
  also `` axis '' ... way to compare them to nazis . 
  this will only make the brits hate poles even more , 
  reddit is generally `` liberal ( american definiton ) '' or libertaritarian . 
  there 's a lot of conservative places but depends were you look . 
  polish immigrants are brown people , am i right . 
  well , look at the bright side ... at least they will be friends !, 
  and what are they supposed to use the nukes and the rest of the military for ? 
  china and iran is a russian ally .
