  denmark ( 5 million ) is 50 and finland ( 5 million ) is at rank 55 . 
  i had no idea poland was tilted this way . 
  the more you know . 
  and that tree makes it look like a swamp on some alien planet . 
  the tribe that the taliban is has a large amount of members in pakistan . 
   qatar worth noting that iran is an ally of qatar , iirc just the muslim brotherhood was . 
  mohamed morsi opened up relations with iran right after the assumed office , only to have a second revolution overthrowing him a year later . 
  too bad saudi arabia contains the two holiest shrines of islam itself , so it 's just as much a strategic as economic ally . 
  they are definitely not nice at all by supporting syria , qatar and terrorism against jewish/israeli targets . 
  but are they more dangerous than the sunnite extremists , not by a long shot . 
  more like it 's a lot easier to abuse poorer people from other countries , while people of your own country are often much more powerful against their native corporations , and people can make lawsuits . 
  in the same way socialism is n't about taking the rights of private ownership , free speech and commerce away from people , but it definitely can and is used for that reason . 
  i 'm sure the skyscrapers in houston are a few decades older than the ones in kazakhstan though . 
  free trade is generally good , but i 'm a bit worried we 'll get more japanese-like copyright maximalism and protectionism from this . 
  but then the usa is the same or worse . 
  what `` charisma '' does trump even have compared to obama ? 
  it 's '' #justhumanthings '' any nation with any people would be able to conquer and feel they are superior and have positive influence on lesser developed people that were seen as primitive and uncivilized . 
  japanese , spanish , french , russian , dutch , portuguese , english , turks , arabs , german , and various native tribal nations or empires in the americas that conquered other tribes and empires , such as the aztecs . 
  long before europeans reached america , africa and asia it was colonizing and warring with other europeans . 
  meanwhile the us will be the one to further increase its 700 $ billion dollar military budget , and cut on health care and education . 
  while europe at least keeps spending a lot on education and health generally , except the uk probably . 
  what the hell makes you think so . 
  simple consumers can be raided by police , all it takes is for someone reporting illegal activity . 
  recently they sent 3 police cars and a helicopter after 2 young men who smoked in public in gothenburg , and a man who used pot to threat his illness had to go to court . 
   do\u011fan media group renamed into erdo\u011fan media group, 
  reddit in a nutshell . 
  both the left and the right have weakened europe , and the far-right is trying to destroy as much as they can . 
  i wonder how mainstream parties can bring back trust into normal , resonable politics . 
  while belarus is to russia like north korea is to china in how it works and relationships , belarus seems a lot less dangerous than russia overall , except the death penalty thing . 
  but rotting in a cold russian prison while being tortured by guards definitely is n't better . 
  there 's actually a fairly large surplus of women in russia , which has lasted since ww2 with the war and later alcoholism killing more men . 
  while china has a excessive surplus of men after the one child-policy favored boys over girls . 
  420 $ embezzle it . 
  smoke bills of leu erryday . 
  the chadian-libyan conflict in the 80s is known as the [ toyota war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toyota_war ) due to the massive popularity and reliability/easy maintenance of older toyota pickup trucks . 
  seems coo *, 
  get out of her with your biased facts . 
  ... and now we need to unite more than ever to face various threats , either islamic fundamentalism , far-right ideology , russian neo-imperialism ( ? ), 
  and trump 's america . 
  all of them are a treat to a progressive/liberal society and scientific reason . 
  just because one is from x country does n't mean one is praising/shilling for them and ignoring your own nation 's faults ... 
  i agree , but the pararells is that during wwii the west had to ally with the soviet union as they had one common enemy . 
  in the future we may be forced to make a reluctant alliance with china if some sort of war happens . 
  xi jinping 's china today is hardly worse than stalin 's russia back then , but nothing to praise over apart from their scientific development . 
  the downside to that is that you get the_donald or similar as the first result every now and then . 
  and the most light polluted . 
  but that is n't relevant , as nobody lives to the north , almost all live in the lower southern half . 
  cut the country in half and it 's more accurate . 
  maltese is a weird arabic language . 
  who knows , maybe they are actually `` lucky '' numbers !, 
  deposing atomic waste deep in insulated canisters in salt mines/iron mines etc hundreds of meters underground . 
  so terrible !, 
  same thing happened outside my apartment , such smart and considerate new swedes we have . 
   there is pages upon pages of links to articles accusing the magazine of racism and bigotry . 
  the satirical cartoons are intended to be racist , insensitive and offensive , that 's the point . 
  and they still have a right of doing just that . 
  more like an army of kkk cultists . 
  like fireworks are safe and not dangerous to anybody ... 
  it 's just children 's toys !, 
  can i have some of his ? 
  any albanians ( or kosovans ) here to comment ? 
  in what way would a world war 3 , with nukes , increase profit i wonder . 
  ecpessialy for news firms that would be obliterated . 
  they simply do n't care about either privacy or security , everything is in the open for them . 
  discuss attacks on facebook and twitter , unencrypted sms and clearnet websites . 
  and politicians think we need more surveillance ... 
  my bad , i just glanced the local news report and it was mixed with the turkish event . 
  neither has germany , just as little . 
  now when it 's germany too and not just france , which has had many military interventions in muslim nations , sweden will be next not long form now . 
  and it will cause a support in sd to the point of maybe 40 % or even 50 in the next election . 
  i have not believed any major terrorist attack would be likely to happen here due to our extremely beneficial support for immigrants , and low amount of population . 
  now i 'm not so sure . 
  `` revenge for aleppo '' fucking idiots . 
  neither the germans or the french or belgians or others have * anything * to do what goes on there now . 
  besides , germany and sweden are extremely benevolent towards immigration from these countries . 
  they hate us for everything , even christmas and they * want * us to hate them . 
  likely this is desperate attempts by isis and others to start a war between the west and islamic world they prophesied will cause judgement day to happen on earth . 
  it 's also a lot easier to blow yourself up than to place a bag somewhere without causing suspicion . 
  few would actually blow themselves up . 
  there was some military personell that were beheaded in god 's name . 
  the bottom left one looks lovecraftian , while the right column seem all evil . 
  interseting tidbit about azerbaijan : there 's still a few [ kolkhozs { collective farms } ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kolkhoz#basic_statistics_for_the_ussr ) in existence there , relics from the soviet era . 
  a fellow polish french , just like tommy wiseau ... 
  this is an subreddit about / r/europe so why not `` smaller '' events such as here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lysenkoism wow . 
   lysenkoism ( russian : \u041b\u044b\u0441\u0435\u0301\u043d\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0449\u0438\u043d\u0430 , lysenkovshchina ) was a political campaign against genetics and science-based agriculture conducted by trofim lysenko , his followers and soviet authorities . 
  lysenko served as the director of the soviet union 's lenin all-union academy of agricultural sciences . 
  lysenkoism began in the late 1920s and formally ended in 1964 . 
  the term lysenkoism can also be used metaphorically to describe the manipulation or distortion of the scientific process as a way to reach a predetermined conclusion as dictated by an ideological bias , often related to social or political objectives . 
  [ 1 ] the pseudo-scientific ideas of lysenkoism built on lamarckian concepts of the heritability of acquired characteristics . 
  [ 2 ] lysenko 's theory rejected mendelian inheritance and the concept of the `` gene '' ; it departed from darwinian evolutionary theory by rejecting natural selection . 
  [ 3 ] proponents falsely claimed to have discovered , among many other things , that rye could transform into wheat and wheat into barley , that weeds could spontaneously transmute into food grains , and that `` natural cooperation '' was observed in nature as opposed to `` natural selection '' . 
  [ 3 ] lysenkoism promised extraordinary advances in breeding and in agriculture that never came about . 
   ** joseph stalin supported the campaign . 
  more than 3,000 mainstream biologists were sent to prison , fired , [ 4 ] or executed as a part of this campaign - instigated by lysenko to suppress his scientific opponents . 
  the president of the agriculture academy was sent to prison and died there , while scientific research in the field of genetics was effectively destroyed until the death of stalin in 1953 . 
  [ 3 ] research and teaching in the fields of neurophysiology , cell biology , and many other biological disciplines was also negatively affected or banned ** . 
  and in europe we let go off privacy instead as soon as a terrorist attack happens : we 'll hear even more of `` more surveillance '' `` battle encryption '' `` ban vpns '' in the near future , not that they care for people 's lives all that much . 
  russia already has mass-surveillance and banning of porn and piracy sites etc , but at least vpns can circumvent it . 
  what has guggenheim to do with finland anyway ?
