turkey is the middle eastern equivalent of ukraine under yanukovych . 
  but he keeps having the support of a majority . 
  i 've heard of russian airlines having poor safety and outdated planes not even having safety belts . 
  i 've never seen them in sweden . 
  have you ever been in emptaryd or agunnaryd ? 
  [ she 'd appear to look just the same from upside-down ( whatever situation that would have lead to ... ) ] ( http://www.whatispsychology.biz/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/thatcher-illusion.jpg ), 
  hey putinbot . 
  mussolini did n't make the trains go on time though , but putin maybe could ... 
  off-topic , but marie antoniette never said this and was just a child at the time . 
  the soviet union was plenty fascist to varying degrees, 
  most likely not yet , at least ... 
  these are paranoid times . 
  but i would think lativa have far more ethnic russians than estonia ? 
  why would they need to join eu for defense ? 
  they are in nato . 
  like most countries in scandinavia are really `` neutral '' anymore ... not sweden anyhow . 
  afaik the assassination attempt on reagan was a rather close call , but i dunno of the nixon one . 
  what about `` swaziland '' ? 
  in swedish we say `` tjeckien '' , which probably would be a similar translation ... rather than `` tjeckiska republiken '', 
  my parents visisted bulgaria and romania when they were still in the eastern bloc . 
  it was surprisingly easy to visit the soviet union was a tourist , and nobody cared about the living conditions , only if the beaches and service was good or not . 
  but what about the poverty and self-immolations i 've heard happened in the country ? 
  also increase the car tax . 
  because reasons !, 
  a swedish hostage , johan gustafson is still absent in mali . 
  you can be on the dark side of the force ( ie : oil ), 
  the saudi 's `` wahabism '' that they promote and export into europe is only a less extremely * extreme * version of the ideology of i.s. , yes . 
  no dobuts about it . 
  they see isil more of an `` annoyance '' than real threat to them . 
  `` why do they kill journalists ? 
  that 's dumb . 
  we 'd just jail them instead . '', 
  why would you use an o after an \u00d6 ... why . 
  it 's like `` h\u00e4agen dasz '' : x two '' \u00d6 '' would be better . 
  yep it was probably `` dem gays '' all along !, 
   why is sweden so rich that 's way more positive than i would expect half of americans to say ... 
  what else would they be ? 
  i do n't think it could be ukrainian . 
  not that this all really matters in the grand scale of things . 
  this is scary . 
  i have a brother who works not far from here ... just a bit more south of bergen . 
  all the '80s culture stuff that is popular these days makes it even more fitting . 
  questioning the aterix comic for historical facts . 
  the communist party of the russian federation ( the successor to the soviet party ) is pro-stalinist . 
  if sweden had better ( more competent ) politicians , it would be the same here . 
  the headline is like straight out of 1985 ... not 2015 . 
  or maybe 1989 . 
  one day the sea will freeze over once again and all our immigrants will invade your country and bring sweden to victory !, 
  so if the germans waited with operation barbarossa for a few years , would they have a greater or lesser chance of succeeding ? 
  our political parties have turned into an establishment and sd will keep getting stronger and stronger to the point of taking over completely in the end . 
   people need to be actively integrated except that does n't work when they neither want , or feel the need to `` integrate '' when they can have their own micronations in the suburbs . 
  many buys satellite dishes so they can keep having the same tv as at home . 
  they go to europe for the welfare and better living standards, 
  yet 20 % of the israeli population is arab/muslim . 
  makes me wonder why the entire region is n't one country , `` state of israel and palestine '' and then they 'd not have to lie about having an actual apartheid . 
  i recommend this book : [ `` murder in amsterdam : liberal europe , islam , and the limits of tolerance '' by ian buruma ] ( http://www.amazon.com/murder-amsterdam-liberal-europe-tolerance/dp/0143112368 ) for a very deep insight into the issues facing the netherlands and many other european countries . 
   addemdum : it 's easy to forget because it 's 70 years ago , but it 's important to remember what happened in nazi germany . 
  11 million people were murdered in death camps , not because the germans were ` evil ' . 
  most germans were not nazis . 
  most nazis were n't even violent . 
  the reason this was allowed to happen , was because people allowed an extremely violent minority to take power . 
  similar to north korea today . 
  and not just that , people did n't was n't even aware of any extermination camps , except those who worked there . 
  people were aware of mass-deportations of jews , but that had occurred many times throughout history . 
  hell , they called for more surveillance in both france and the uk months before this happened . 
  and now even in sweden as well ... yeah , go on and maybe catch a few terrorists , and destroy privacy for everyone else . 
  yet the nsa did n't catch the boston bombers despite knowing about them , and using their massive resources , or the french intelligence agency on this latest event which is also big . 
  most militants are too stupid to even know what `` encryption '' even is and post their thoughts on facebook and twitter for christ sake . 
  so the gulf war and the us support of afghani jihadists ( taliban ) against the soviet invaders can be ignored ? 
  because it was mostly kurds and socialists who died . 
  accident as it may be , they have done nothing to apologize over killing so many people . 
  they have more * hindered * evidence from being shown , by taking the flights recorders !, 
  i got the good ending as well . 
  `` jihad '' simply means `` struggle '' or `` struggle ( by the sword ) '' so if you had a hard time at work , one could say you had `` a jihad of a day '' ... 
  the flow of weapons and armaments . 
  calling them a `` state '' discredits actual states , like `` the islamic state of afghanistan '' which is its real name . 
  or planes crashing , with hundreds of deaths at once . 
  there is a reason why people are more afraid of flights than cars , even when cars are more dangerous in practice . 
  and there is a reason why media blows up a disaster like that : it 's a massive , sudden loss of life which rarely happens . 
  they will launch the nukes against the `` dark ones '' from there ... 
  qatar is an iran and syria ally , so an ally to the shi'ite group . 
  and that 's why right-wing populist parties are increasingly taking over , but still often excluded from official politics ... and making them even stronger in the progress . 
  and the sole thing people vote them for , is the immigration . 
  if just our other politicians actually did something about it . 
  i 'd beg to differ with swedish asylum authorities . 
  but german ? 
  probably a lot more strict and proper than here . 
  french raster eggs must be the best easter eggs . 
  so does the bible . 
  everyone just cherry-picks , or not taking it all 100 % literally . 
  how is the internet in general in portugal , though ? 
  portugal also has a nice , original-looking flag . 
  let them clear cut large areas and build houses from the wood , and we 'll have space !, 
  in seriousness , though . 
  sweden only appears large on a map , but in reality is not so big at all . 
  most of all we have serious lack of housing . 
  i bet using the `` void '' banner was the closest you could find to an isil/al-qaeda etc flag . 
  that would be the party for the asatr\u00fa neo-pagan folk . 
  why would it even matter , when the face is obscured anyway ? 
  it 's a whole different matter when there 's a clear picture of faces .
