  last i heard a large chunk of british muslims were more or less supportive of sharia law or being afraid to distance themselves from the core religious values . 
  how is it treason when isil are generally closer to erdogan 's ideology than the kurds or shia muslims ? 
  `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '', 
  this is also why we often see right-wing leaning alternative press and stuff as disrespectful dicks for spreading around images . 
  but they would not agree , they see that regular papers post images of dead/dying people in other countries all the time and want to counter with making more focus on our own issues . 
  but our own issues can easily be overblown . 
  they should not post pictures and videos of dead people in other countries either , for an emotionally manipulative effect . 
  but it 's a lot harder to make someone from say iraq sure a small-ish tabloid here , than relatives living in sweden able to sue the paper here . 
  so they tend to avoid it , but right-wing internet sites will not . 
   this is especially effective towards females due to maternal instinct i 'm not so sure about that , i often see older males being upset about what newspapers post , such as dead kids in syria etc. 
  while younger males tend to be furious of stuff like rape and pedo victims , and attacks happening in your own country . 
  they end up being more right-wing due to facebook and alternative press . 
  even younger people tend to be more left-wing though . 
  i 'm not sure apart from personal experience , but those born in the 70s/early 80s tend to be more conservative than 90s people . 
   the only one media ( atleast swedish media ) had enough decency to not post out of respect for the family . 
  except for news tabloids ( kv\u00e4llspressen ) . 
  is it really the same person in the meme pictures ? 
  i just feel that liberal countries should try to be strong , not just be as radically different from your enemies as possible ... that 'd only make them victims of bullying , sabotage and threats . 
  so the eu army thing seems like a good idea - if enough members agree to it , and those members have solid support for one . 
  most hated government ... 
  in europe . 
  this is about / r/europe issues after all . 
  it 's not about random african , asian or me dictators, 
  i believe during soviet times , at least during the war years , they had dog as food . 
  there 's equal dumb and assholedness on both sides . 
  nobody should need to see such pictures and not be upset enough by the description . 
  it only makes people so sad and angry there 's nothing that can help it . 
  similarly to when i read a reddit description of a liveleak video about two young turkish soldiers who were slowly tortured by burning by isil while they cried for their parents ... 
  i just ... 
  i do n't know what to do when i read such things ... knowing that such graphic videos exist ... 
  it 's such things that can make people go completely mental and attack people they think in their delusion is responsible for this . 
  if only they would say the same about armenians , greeks and assyrians ... 
  burps , rather , if you 're thinking about cows and methane . 
  * lithunarnia, 
  putin is definitely not retarded , i 'm sure he knows what he 's doing . 
  evil has many forms . 
   ban cars if there was automated monorail , trams and trains everywhere that would work . 
  and forcing people to use it at all times . 
  but it is n't as profitable . 
  tokyo has barely any car traffic in the city iirc , mostly pedestrian crossings , pavement and the very extensive and efficient subway system . 
  i think the bbc should be congratulated for trying to avoid sensationalism and clickbait for the most part , but certain national issues does get put under the rug as they are n't allowed to be `` political '' . 
  but there 's other news companies for that . 
   every meating in turkey [ akp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice_and_development_party ) = kebab party ? 
  the man can barely speak and articulate words , using the same words over and over again , and ca n't even seem to remember what he saw last morning on fox news ... 
  very , very low interest in belarus issues both in / r/europe or / r/worldnews sure there may not be mass starvation or state-sanctioned mass murder on the streets , or threats of war againt the west , but still so much persecution of free thought . 
  who is that ? 
  even without the uk it 's still a whole lot of territories . 
  hopefully not too long for most of them . 
  institutional religion perhaps , but people will always have different beliefs and convictions , and have the very right for it . 
  a world were people are not allowed to be themselves is not worth it . 
  people should stop showing their views and ideas into other people 's throats though , politics , religions , hobbies the same . 
  on the other hand , at least the ira tended ot send out * warnings * before bombing a place . 
  and only focusing on military/army/politicans iirc and not civilians . 
  these religious extremists focuses on massacring as many civilians as they can , everywhere they go , from iraq to france . 
  no warnings , only blood and destruction . 
  of course they would be against using words such as `` nazi '' and `` holocaust '' so liberally to the point of destroying the meaning , and dilute historical events that happened to their people . 
   spanish politics meanwhile : we will tax the sun so we can keep filling our pockets !, 
  aaand you do n't think germany , sweden , france , uk , belgium and others are responsible for what the `` eu '' is now ? 
  there 's plenty of terrorism , crime and other things for sure . 
  but definitely not a warzone . 
  france ( paris ) would not be much safer than istanbul . 
  catman5 ... 
  the hero we need , not the one we deserve right now . 
  pork kebab is better despite haram !, 
  just a reminder : turkey ( ottoman empire ) and germany were part of the central powers in ww1 . 
  so having closer relations in ww2 is no surprise . 
  ... ironicaly tulips originated in europe from turkey . 
  wiktionary says :  from french tulipe , from earlier tulipan , from turkish t\u00fclbent ( `` fine muslin , turban '' ) , from persian \u062f\u0644\u0628\u0646\u062f ( dolband , `` turban '' ) , also the root of turban ; cognate with mazanderani \u062a\u0648\u0644\u06cc\u067e ( `` tulip '' ) . 
  it looks a bit tacky , but also more approachable . 
  but the eu = = germany !, 
  no of course we have to blame the whole eu and not germany and sweden for this ... and of course not blame turkey either for using immigration as an extortion method to get what they want . 
  germany and sweden ha simply made the countries highly attractive to people from far away , but we have also made a false image being of countries with * endless * wealth to support millions of new people . 
  if that 's what you 're into ... 
  like it 's the population that suffer more when sanctions are targeted at freezing finances for russian politicians and others ... 
  but of course they will blame us for it . 
  no wooden clogs ? 
  minecraft is about as much swedish as lego is danish ... 
  but minecraft was heavily inspired by infiniminer by zachtronics , and lego was derived from kiddiecraft . 
  all this yelling and nagging about isis , when this group is on the verge of collapse , there 's more than one group in the world ... nobody cares as much about al-shaab or boko haram . 
  only isis because they attack and murder people in the west too . 
  half of everything trump said during the us debates was like `` isis , isis , isis how can you not be against isis ?! . '', 
  usually they display those videos edited and heavily blurred ... 
  which is n't the same thing . 
  it 's only serves as * evidence * for acts , and not displaying every little graphic detail to make people go insane with rage and emotional upset . 
  only way to end isis is to kill all muslims we suspect of having remote relationship to them , right ? 
  people love to hate `` establishment '' politicians , judges , experts , you name it . 
  will this lead to the fall of europe or some sort of renewal ? 
  reading an explanation of that kind of videos are fucking upsetting enough but i still would not vote for trump , brexit or le pen as all they have been doing and is doing , is to emotionally manipulate . 
   this sharing an isis video ? 
  it should not be a crime , in fact it suggests the whole prosecution is from a political interest , not in the interest of justice . 
  like le pen would n't have political interest to spread isis videos ? 
  all she 's doing is making isis a favor in making more people infuriated , upset and afraid . 
  `` vote for me and i 'll promise to deal with them ! '' . 
  both russia and isis would wish to europe to crumble inside as it 's a win for both of them . 
  it makes russia stronger and europe weaker and less independent , and it makes it easier to rally more muslims into terrorism when it 's not going well for them , and the rest of the population being angry and fearful of them , making them even more isolated in the parallel-society immigrant areas . 
  creating even more extremism . 
  it 's also making more native europeans wish for crusades-like warfare against islam when they feel like they 're being attacked from the inside out , or invaded and `` replaced '' . 
  it 's very similar kind of outrage that lead to brexit and trump winning the us election . 
  most people being angry at immigrants `` stealing '' jobs or social service resources , and isis/islamism/muslims . 
  the rest of them just being spiteful at `` establishment politicians '' .
