  i 'm sure it 's a typo and they meant the border between the uk and ireland . 
  and yes , we always say `` el reino unido '' , with the article . 
  i think it 's on netflix . 
  actually , netflix will be one of the producers of the third season . 
  i still have not watched it , but several people already told me it 's worth it . 
  exactly the same for spain . 
  tbh , i also tend to root for the bulls in the sanfermines and bullfights ... 
  no , the conservative party , who still needs to overcome its past , shows some bias in these issues , where they prosecute people based on their opinions depending from which side they come . 
  these kind of sentences have very little ( if any ) public support , people vote that party for other reasons i guess . 
  so ... see you in jail ? 
  no , they are not the same . 
  i see why you associated one with the other , and that is because like fascism , most ( all of them ? ), 
  communist regimes have been authoritarian . 
  but the similarities stop here . 
  abd i do n't know if it 's possible to have democratic communism . 
  i am not an expert on the topic and i do n't really care , it 's not my thing . 
  and it 's not even remotely related to the news topic we are discussing . 
  of course i know it is a very complex topic . 
  unfortunately , this issue it is still not something from the past , since governments have avoided accepting the facts and normalising the situation . 
  spain is the 2nd country in the world ( after cambodja i think ) with more disappeared people lying in mass graves along the side of the roads . 
  many relatives , now aging , have not had the chance of closure yet . 
  since one of the main parties is the heir of the past dictatorship , they still refuse to condemn it , and try to block any progress in researching what needs to be researched , eliminating the last renmants of the dictatorship and starting afresh . 
  the piece of news we are commenting now it 's a clear example of that . 
  there is a still double standard when it comes to victims , depending on who is to blame . 
  ps : sorry for the bad grammar . 
  true , but some positions are nearly-universal . 
  things like stealing and murdering are considered bad since antiquity . 
  in this very specific case , we hold different perspectives yet we both agree that it was wrong . 
  should n't the law reflect that ? 
  yeah , i mean , in history , objetively there are no good and bad sides ... 
  but if you pushed me to choose between democracy and fascism ... 
  she also wo n't be able to receive any kind of scholarship or work as a teacher or as a public worker for the rest of her life . 
  and laws should reflect moral positions , not the other way round . 
  i must admit i do n't know much about him . 
  in any case , i do not have strong feelings one way or the other . 
  if he contributed to achieving democracy in spain , i guess he might deserve some recognition , although i personally do n't share his ideology . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  fascism : a form of authoritarism characterized by far-right nationalism . 
  communism : an economic theory that stands for the suppression of social classes and redistribution of wealth . 
  one is a form of government and the other an economic policy . 
  i like neither , but they ca n't be put on the same level . 
  there 's a slight difference between supporting an ideology and specifically praising people who killed thousands . 
  yet the girl in the article made fun of a fascist leader that got killed and therefore got a 1-year prison sentence . 
  you mean , like [ these guys ] ( https://twitter.com/fnffranco ) ? 
  what if the current government supports them ? 
  what about the [ francisco franco foundation ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundaci%c3%b3n_nacional_francisco_franco ) ? 
  they claim it 's just an organization for the study of that historical figure , but if you follow them in social media , they are always trying to push a far-right agenda and attack all those who critizise them . 
  edit : all that while receiving money from the government , of course . 
  we should start a support group . 
  i still remember when they charged me twice for a few months ... or when they activated a data plan for a dumb phone i never used without telling me ... 
  for some reason , they tend to prosecute more often twitters making fun of the past dictatorship or praising the eta terrorists than others associated with far-right ideologies . 
  i hope she 'll learn the lesson . 
  do not ever make fun of a dictatorship !, 
  same for spaniards . 
  it 's the cheapest destination to `` learn english '' , so many spend a month in summer during their college years . 
  at the end of the day , it 's just an excuse to party . 
  downvoted . 
  i wrote my explanation in a respectful manner . 
  i expect the same for the answers . 
   like your leaders did n't love to drum up support by scaring their voters with tales of lazy galicians and extremadurans taking yer jobs and yer money . 
  i do n't know what leaders you are talking about . 
  i am only speaking for myself and i did n't vote any of the people you mention . 
  moreover , i do not support any of those claims . 
  i am a descendant of these `` lazy galicians and extremadurans '' , i have a ton of respect for them , and i will never oppose investments in other spanish regions . 
  please , calm down . 
  dude ... that was an overkill ... : \u00b4 (, 
   you guys do speak catalan in your every-day lives . 
  you guys have your own education system ( you do ) . 
  you guys have your own regional government . 
  you guys have your own media . 
  you guys have your own police ... 
  precisely , the main political parties in spain threaten to remove all that from us in order to get a few votes in other spanish regions . 
  it 's a tactic being used for decades and it has worked really well . 
  except for us , because of the permanent state of selflessness . 
  if only they would ignore us ... 
  it used to be lower , but it started to rise specially since 2012 due to a few [ political events ] ( http://catalannewsagency.com/politics/item/catalonias-autonomy-may-be-significantly-cut-this-week ) ( i do n't like that source , but it is the first one i found in english ) , coupled with the bad management during the economic recession . 
  half of catalonia 's population immigrated there from other spanish regions , and most of them remain spanish speakers , in contra-position to the already existing population , which are mostly catalan speakers ( although practically everybody speaks both nowadays ) . 
  around 85 % of catalan speakers support independence , while around 85 % of spanish-speakers are unionists . 
  there 's where you get the 50/50 split that we currently have . 
   i was saying quite clearly that living in spain should mean speaking spanish , because it 's clearly the language of spain . 
  why is it so clear ? 
  spanish ( or more precisely , castilian ) is just one of the few languages spoken here . 
  it was forced to the rest of territories of the iberian peninsula ( except portugal ) until everybody spoke it . 
  why choose that one over the rest ? 
  why is n't german the language of switzerland , english the language of all canada , or french the language of belgium ? 
  a country can be plurinational and encompass many cultures and languages , without one being over the rest . 
  but most people in spain do not want that . 
  everyone has its own reasons , it really depends from person to person . 
  the catalan language and culture has been prosecuted for centuries , although now the situation is better . 
  catalan people still feel that they do not fit anymore in the rest of the spanish culture and politics , particularly regarding the language topic . 
  many solutions have been proposed throughout the decades in order to solve that issue ( what about making spain a federal union ? 
  ) , but nothing has been actually done . 
  it reached a point where many people think that the best bet is to do things by themselves , and hence the rise of separatism . 
  another reason that triggered the rise of separatism was the series of bad decisions that led to the current crisis in spain and our incredibly high levels of unemployment . 
  many people think it could have been managed differently . 
  so , in the end there are cultural separatists and economic separatists . 
  the irony is that there are people who say that occitan is a dialect of ... french . 
  that 's the problem when you use linguistics terms to make political statements . 
  i think we should ditch the word `` dialect '' altogether as it has acquired negative connotations lately ... 
  actually , [ catalan is closer to italian than to spanish ] .
