  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lexical_similarity#indo-european_languages ), 
  so it would be fine for you to ban italian in italy and force everyone to learn french instead ? 
  because that 's what happened in catalonia for the last 300 years . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant * proportionally * . 
  i can assure you catalonia is very pro-eu , as any other region of spain . 
  actually , many people voted against the eu constitution because it did n't sufficiently recognize minorities and thought it could be improved . 
  just to name one , spanish is taught as a second language in catalan schools ok , this is just completely false . 
  only english ( or french/german in some cases ) is taugh as a second language . 
  people already speak spanish here , there is no need to teach the language . 
  only it 's grammar and literature . 
  just like catalan . 
  money is the least of the reasons , although it 's usually the first argument to be mentioned by those defending the union . 
  i personally , as a catalan , do n't feel accepted in the spanish society . 
  our language has been used as a tool to attack us for decades ( mainly for right-wing parties , usually associated with spanish nationalism ) , and we just ca n't use it without being a political issue . 
  they other day , a tv presenter accidentally greeted somebody in catalan , and she had to publicly apologize . 
  it 's little things like these that we have to deal with all the time . 
  politically , we vote completely different political parties . 
  that means that our political opinion is never going to be represented in spanish politics and our fate is usually going to be determined by politicians opposed to our views . 
  well , it 's what happens when you are a minority . 
  we receive attacks against our culture all the time . 
  it 's like the rest of spain wants us to be spanish , but only if it 's their way . 
  many people living outside catalonia has a biased point of view where they think spanish-speakers are prosecuted and are a minority , where the reality is just the opposite , since our language has been prosecuted for three centuries and has been heavily repressed until 1979 , when the dictator died . 
  we do not feel we are better than anyone else in spain . 
  we are not special or anything . 
  we have political corruption as anywhere else in spain . 
  it 's not money what we want ( i like my taxes being used to improve less developed regions ! ) . 
  i personally would like to feel included the way we are , with our language and our traditions , but it just seems impossible . 
  why ca n't we be more like switzerland or canada in that regard ? 
  that would be enough , in my opinion . 
  having said all that ( sorry for the rant ) , i have to say that i like spain , it 's a great country and i have nothing against it or its people , but i just do n't feel identified as spanish . 
  just like i do n't feel french and i do n't have anything against them either . 
  i feel that it would be better if we could just choose what to do with our lives . 
  * dead waters *, 
  probably immigrants in sweden that want to learn the language . 
  did you know that replacing windows with more energy efficient ones was subsidized by the local government ? 
  at home we replaced all the windows with double paned glass for 50 % of the cost . 
  i think here it 's only illegal if you grow and sell it for profit . 
  it 's tolerated for self-consumption and in cannabis clubs . 
   roads with reflectors also exist in most areas with subtropical climates . 
  ok , that specific text that you wrote was quite easy to understand , but i remember trying to read from a handbook of psychology in romanian ( from a classmate ) , and my brain hurt ... 
  to be honest , romanian is one of the most divergent romance languages . 
  while i can more or less understand the other ones when written , but romanian is harder , i only recognize some of the words and i try to understand it by context . 
  maybe i do , things are not always black or white , 
  for now ... 
  * triggered *, 
  and homeless people, 
  i was saying [ `` boo-lahn '' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ei2c2cp.jpg ) . 
  also soft drinks , beers and cocktails , for instance . 
  wise decision . 
  sausisson it 's basically a llonganissa , but thicker ( and less cured , i guess ) . 
  but in any case , fuet  llonganissa  salchich\u00f3n . 
  ps : somebody please tell me the difference between fuet , espetec , somaia and secallona ... 
  gender is a result of both social and biological factors . 
  and the latter seem to have an important weight for gender identity , specially due to hormonal levels during fetal development . 
  it 's not entirely a social construct . 
  i 'd would be more worried about italian food abroad ... 
  * barista * , as `` someone who works in a bar '' . 
  does n't always need to be an expert in coffee . 
  coffee in spain is n't particularly great , but i 'd take an espresso made with * torrefacto * before an smerican filtered coffee . 
  i 'm not gon na lie , looks great and i 'm sure it tastes even better . 
  for me , it is . 
  once you 've tried the good stuff , cheap jam\u00f3n just tastes like dried meat ... 
  who , asterix ? 
  can you explain that ? 
  i had no idea . 
  ouch ... that was a bit too much, 
  asterix & obelix lawyers would be knocking at your door in no time . 
  why do n't you just use prepositions , like the rest of the civilized world ? 
  ok , portugal wins this time , but that 's not a fair comparison ... 
  a latin-american !, 
  are these like the ones at ikea ? 
  or , as we call it in spain , `` zipizape '', 
  how can i check if i have more names ? 
  i was baptised too . 
  also , is n't the real name only the one that appears in you id and passport ? 
  sounds like * mucho fun * !, 
  ok , first step : i need to be unemployed ( i wish it was just a stereotype ) in order to have time for siestas . 
  ok , i 'm a spaniard myself and i 'm intrigued . 
  how do you get one of these ultra long names ? 
  i mean , normal people have a first name , and two last names , that 's the spanish way . 
  if i ever become famous or something , do i have to get the other the extra 20 names ? 
  can i buy them online ? 
  are there discounts for buying wholesale ? 
  easy , just add a few underwater torpedo-cannons as a counterweight . 
  problem solved !, 
  i 'd add a couple more rows with cannons, 
  the lexical distance between french and catalan is not indicated in this graph . 
  i ca n't find the original source now , but it should be around 85 % , while the distance between catalan and italian is 87 % . 
  but specially , they should have calculated the distance between catalan and provenzal , since they are very very close ( many linguists classify them in [ the same group ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/langues_occitano-romanes#classement ) ), 
  well , i am used to the cocidos that they make in cantabria and also madrid . 
  that was my question , if rice was a feature of the portuguese cozido or it was just in that specific case . 
  i am sure it has to be good , i 'll try it someday . 
  i had to look it up , because it 's not a word i use everyday . 
  seks : sex ( obviously ) alloga : allogi ( to attract ) + a ( to indicate it 's an adjective ) . 
  in esperanto you basically have a core word and add prefixes and suffixes to modify its meaning , so you do n't have to learn a lot of vocabulary . 
  ( they sound like an `` i '' ), 
  well , yes , but it 's still amazing that there 's activity from time to time . 
  i have to visit the islands sometime . 
  looks like it !, 
  i had some in my garden , some years ago , although the shape of the petals was slightly different .
