  the psychological aspects of urbanism need to be taken into account , and not just `` cram as many people as you can in that building '' . 
  and another aspect is the integration with the rest of the city on a aesthetical level . 
  if you build a 25 story in the middle of a low residential area , or in a neighborhood with a defined style , it will stick like a sore thumb , and there is n't an easy remedy once built . 
  and yes , i agree that the opposite is also bad . 
  urban sprawl is very unsustainable on an environmental and functional levels . 
  it reduces density , making public transportation much less effective , and promotes the use of private vehicles , increasing the traffic problem in the cities . 
  also , it takes up a lot of space that could be dedicated to something else . 
  when i was a kid , i first saw the atlantic in santander , and that was also the first time i experienced tides . 
  the concept of the sea receding tens of meters , having to walk among algae and rocks to reach the water , and seeing boats in dry land was mindblowing . 
  this is confusing ... 
  thanks . 
  tradition or not , i still think they would be better without the strap ... 
  c'mon , 20-25\u00ba is the perfect temperature !, 
  but ... 
  why ? 
  nice !, 
  i 'd like to go sometime , although some people already told me it 's a tourist trap and does n't feel so `` magical '' . 
  it 's a pity . 
  poor guy ... 
  i love that picture . 
  what is all that land between the photographer and the mont saint-michel ? 
  marshes ? 
  farmland ? 
  ok , something that i never understood . 
  what 's the purpose of the hat strap ? 
  it looks uncomfortable as fuck . 
  looks good to me !, 
   one of the things that most catches my eye id that most men wore hats back then , whereas hardly any wear them today . 
  i read somewhere that people stopped wearing hats when cars became more popular , since it was inconvenient to wear them inside . 
  as far as i know , * estreme\u00f1u * is considered an * asturiano-llion\u00e9s * dialect ( same with * mirand\u00e9s * ) . 
  and 200.000 speakers is a veeeeeeeeery generous estimate . 
  the proper language may be spoken by a few thousands in some small towns in northern extremadura ( and mainly by the elderly ) , but the rest of the region just speaks spanish with a distinctive accent , called `` cast\u00fao '' . 
  i love the old-style clothing in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  it reminded me of this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdshkoltemk, 
  there 's always an uplifting sensation when something very old is still being used for its purpose . 
  i 've never been to chicago or boston , but new york ( specially manhattan ) is anything but pedestrian friendly . 
  relatively narrow sidewalks , lack of parks and squares ( basically the huge central park + a few other litle squares , always surrounded by traffic ) , wide and noisy avenues ... 
  it 's not a comfortable place to be outside . 
  you just want to go from point a to point b , and then get home and hide from the city traffic . 
  well , and los angeles is an entirely another league ... that 's more of a parking lot than a city . 
  oh god , do n't get me started on the via laietana ... 
  i do n't know much about madrid 's road infrastructure , but based on barcelona 's roads , would n't it be easier to just surround the city with a freeway and access each neighbourhood through `` radial '' streets ? 
  here we also have a `` gran via '' which works as a east-west connection crossing the city , but it 's not an iconic street like the gran via of madrid . 
  [ i checked ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/madrid/2017/05/25/5926a2e7268e3e3b618b4583.html ) . 
  i like the proposal . 
  also , people already started flame wars about this . 
  this country will never change . 
  lovely picture . 
  i love madrid , but in my opinion , the gran v\u00eda would really improve if more space would be given to pedestrians . 
  right now it feels like a motorway inside the city and it 's not a very pleasant place to take a walk . 
  i hope this time is different . 
  but yes , that 's what 's probably gon na happen . 
  great work !, 
  i 'd also be great to see a year per year evolution of the motorway system . 
   43.215 \u00b0 [ near the coast of marseille ] ( https://www.google.es/maps/place/43%c2%b012'36.0%22n+5%c2%b000'00.0%22e/@43.193832,4.7226803,10z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d43.21!4d5 ) ? 
  they already implement some of these measures . 
  car lanes were narrowed ( in order to discourage driving fast ) , you have to pay for most parking spaces , cars made before 2005 are banned from entering the city on the most polluted days , they are building more cycling lanes , and they are planning the whole '' [ superblock ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_block#superblock ) '' thing , which is quite controversial at the moment . 
  in general , i agree with these measures . 
  even if they face some opposition at first , they will result in a more livable city . 
  on a personal level , i work in barcelona but i live outside the city , so i have to commute everyday . 
  i could reach my office in half the time if i took my car , but there 's no way i can leave it all day in the city without paying 2 or 3 $ per hour . 
  so i just take the train and the subway , which are not perfect , but work ok . 
  i usually use that extra time to read a book or to browse reddit , so it 's not completely wasted . 
  are you sure that 's accurate ? 
  it seems too hot even for madrid . 
  but more compact cities should not only mean shorter distances , but also less need to take a car ( just walk or cycle instead ) , right ? 
  also , what is the difference between * traffic * and * transit * ? 
  i 'm not a native english speaker and i thought they were the same , although the article treats them as opposites . 
  at what point it 's no longer a funicular and it 's just a ( diagonal ) elevator ? 
  i substituted the clock in my android phone with a decimal time widged . 
  it 's actually intuitive , you can tell what proportion of the day you have wasted so far !, 
  it 's upside down , my head hurts ... 
  yes . 
  it must be in another article that i read that they wanted to open the inside of a few urban blocks to create parks , and also a few green rooftops . 
  all of that in additon to the 5 new parks and the green alleys connecting them . 
  i general , i think it 's a good plan , 
  if i understand correctly , is basically using the internal space inside each urban block in order to build parks open to the public . 
  actually , when the urban plan was first designed , that was their role , but it was never really implemented . 
  everything that makes the city more suitable for human beings is fine for me . 
  i 've been going to the costa brava almost every year on holidays , and i absolutely love it . 
  specially the rocky coastline , ideal for scuba diving . 
  too bad it 's really hard to find an empty and isolated beach like the one in the picture . 
  i guess it 's just like many other mediterranean locations , but costa brava just brings so many memories ... btw , apart from the coast , it 's also worth to visit the small towns and the landscape in the empord\u00e0 region . 
  there are so many things to do !, 
  it was ( or still is ) the headquarters of the water company . 
  the whole exterior is covered in led lights , [ making it a sort of giant screen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht9qhhkyh3g ) . 
  i prefer when it 's just red and blue , its default colors . 
  otherwise it looks like a cheap chinese christmas tree ... 
  now do one with the european military bases in the united states !, 
  yes , the pine trees gave it away . 
  i am glad they build that museum in barcelona . . but i personally do n't like how the building looks . 
  it does n't match the style of the city . 
  this happens in any language version of wikipedia . 
  maybe a solution would be unificating the info boxes on the right across wikipedias . 
  it would minimize the inflated numbers and force to provide sources by those who defend it . 
  oh , they are . 
  compared to other internet communities , people here is pretty moderate and open-minded . 
  if you read the comments section of any major spanish newspaper when catalonia is mentioned even tangentially . . it would blow your mind . 
  edit : i just saw you are a spaniard too . 
  you may already know what i 'm talkinga about then .
