  ... damn , we were assigned aldi nord . 
  what 's so terrible about them ? 
  cool !, 
  what do they say ? 
  i did n't get a word ... 
  i knew it !, 
  everybody is redditing at work !, 
  this is why southern european countries rank so low . 
  to add to the confusion , in spain these are called `` napolitans '' . 
  i do n't think they come from that city at all . 
  no no no , always with onion . 
  english orthography is broken ... it needs a new reform, 
  dammit italy , we get it , your country is gorgeous . 
  ( pls , post more pics ), 
  i 'm not an historian or anything remotely similar , but from what i 've read , visigoths came in smaller numbers , replaced the current rulers and adquired the local culture and religion ( the gothic language was lost ) . 
  muslims on the other hand , forced the arabisation of the iberian peninsula , both in language and religion . 
  this is why in spanish vocabulary has more than 10 % of arabic loanwords , while germanic words are much more uncommon . 
  i 'm not talking whether it was a nicer place to be or not . 
  it is likely that the muslim portions of iberia enjoyed greater standards of living at that time . 
  what i meant was that , i 'd argue that there have been three main cultural disruptions during the history of hispania/iberia . 
  first , the roman conquest , which replaced the culture of the native tribes ( iberians , celtiberians , tartessic , lusitani , etc. ), 
  for the latin one . 
  and then , when the moors replaced the latin culture for an arab one . 
  ( and then back to christianity , up until our days , one could say ) . 
  visigoths just came here and adopted the existing culture , it did n't involve a great cultural change for the population . 
  same for the transition from roman politheism to cristianity , it was just a belief system that extended through the empire , not imposed by external invaders . 
  the roman and arab conquest implied a complete cultural change , including the replacement of the language . 
  mainly because for the first time since the roman conquest , there was a disruption on the cultural continuity of hispania . 
  sugar-glazed croissants ... guilty :(, 
  well , i had barcelona in mind , the place that i know well , where most of the public were tourists . 
  most bullfighting rings around here have been closing down during the last decades and i do n't know any small towns with festivities involving bulls . 
  the only place where it seems there 's some tradition left is in the two ebre counties . 
  i am not sure if it 's a catalonia/spain distinction or just between urban/rural areas . 
  is there people who still watches bullfights in the city of madrid ? 
  i think `` pasaratos '' is the word in spanish . 
  well , some toothaches are caused ( or complicated ) by bacterial infections . 
  a hospital once prescribed me amoxicillin for an abscessed tooth ( i even had fever ) . 
  really ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you need a prescription , and even doctors are reluctant to prescribe them most of the time . 
  although i once managed to buy them in a pharmacy without prescription when i explained that i was traveling to a developing country and i needed them `` just in case '' . 
  my guess is that they are avoiding the issue in order not to scare voters with more centrist opinions which would currently vote psoe , if they plan on replacing them and becoming the new `` default '' left-wing party someday . 
  thankfully , that was banned last year . 
  just like circuses with animals are dissapearing , it will dissapear altogether . 
  it does n't need to evolve into something else . 
  also , i do n't get why podemos is n't openly against it . 
  i do n't think they would lose any votes on this issue . 
  guys guys , every country does things to be ashamed of !, 
  do n't need to fight , 
  it 's mostly for tourists and some older people nowadays . 
  it has n't been profitable for a long time now and the main reason the spanish government suports it is because it 's an icon of spanish nationalism . 
  if the government did n't finantially support it , it would dissapear on its own rather soon . 
  i can assure you that most catalans , regardless of political views , are against any kind of animal torture and fought hard to suppress these practices involving bulls . 
  then politicians got involved and turned it into a nationalistic issue . 
  imho , the bunch of backwards people in southern catalonia who still defend these traditions can go and f * ck themselves . 
  could you please come to spain and tell our politicians ? 
  most people are against bullfighting nowadays , but the conservative government is actively trying to encourage it as '' t ` he national tradition '' . 
  i feel so ashamed . 
  it sounds sooo funny in spanish !, 
  congratulations , latvia !, 
  wow . 
  it 's now in my list . 
  well , at least you make the effort . 
  i ca n't say the same from our side ( in our defense , your pronunciation is more complex ... ), 
  just , lol, 
  i find them ( not only the spanish ones , in most other countries too ) extremely corny . 
  i prefer them without lyrics . 
  thanks !, 
  heh , wait until it rains ... 
  for me , these are the perfect summer temperatures for going on vacation . 
  hot , but not too hot . 
  i still jiggle when a store has a sign at the door saying `` pets allowed '' . 
  i know . 
  i do n't care . 
  some scenes from game of thrones were filmed there , right ? 
  i think the city was used to represent meereen , but i could be wrong . 
  it affected all the spanish mediterranean coast since the 60s , but nowadays there are many more regulations and construction eased up . 
  catalonia was n't as affected as the valencian coast ( although there are many parts of valencia i have n't visited and i might be wrong ) and there are still many towns and villages that preserved their former * fisherman * atmosphere , while still being touristic . 
  just avoid the most tourist-crowded towns , like lloret de mar or salou , and you 'll be fine . 
  same happens with the balearic islands . 
  just avoid the overly-touristic towns around the south-west of mallorca ( magaluf , i 'm looking at you ) . 
  i have not visited the other islands , but i heard menorca is more quiet and better preserved . 
  there are plenty of almost-virgin beaches all around the islands . 
  i love when things are made to last !, 
  i see no problem here . 
  the flag indicates the language in which the text is written . 
  during the months you suggest , the weather can be quite rainy , and certainly not warm enough to go to the beach . 
  if you want to visit towns it may be fine , but otherwise , during the summer is better . 
  i just ca n't imagine . 
  being in your car and being surrounded and unable to escape the fire ... 
  it is really really horrible . 
  rip . 
  wait . 
  is the aqueduct still being used ? 
  i guess that a single s in the middle of the word would be pronounced as / z / ( do not confuse with / \u03b8 / ) not / s / , whereas an s in the initial position is instinctively pronounced as / s / . 
  english speakers say `` barselouna '' . 
  c [ e-i ] and s are always translated as an `` s '' , never like `` th '' . 
  i do n't get it . 
  is it too cold or too hot ? 
  it depends on how it is designed . 
  huge buildings with few entrances destroy the sense of community , to the extent of affecting crime rates .
