  democratic ? 
  yes . 
  it 's a moral debate , not a legal one . 
  also , good thing there 's a simple system to figure out what people want . 
  but that 's illegal in spain . 
  we already tried that . 
  many times . 
  the opposition catalonia faced in respect to defending its language or its definition as a nation inside spain was incredible . 
  if spain would be considered a nation of nations , the catalan problem would n't exist . 
  i guarantee . 
  that 's a legitimate issue . 
  i personally think that new votes should be allowed if there 's something that indicates the situation has changed qualitatively . 
  like what happened in 2012 in catalonia . 
  but in any case , there 's nothing wrong in asking people . 
  it 's a way to make them more responsible for their actions , whether we like them or not ( brexit , i 'm looking at you ) . 
  it 's better to ask people too often that not to ask at all . 
  and not only about separatist or ideological issues , of course , but also social aspects which are even more important . 
  that 's the basis of democracy . 
  we did not have the means before , but thanks to technology now we do . 
  yes , at the time of the referendum , artur mas was the president , joana ortega was the vice-president and irene rigau was the minister of education in catalonia . 
  in the trial , they face up to 10 years of political disqualification and possibly a fine . 
  none of them hold important political positions right now , so it 's not a huge deal . 
  it 's more symbolic than anything else . 
  but anyway . 
  it does feel wrong . 
  seriously ? 
  hostile vibe ? 
  and yes , i agree , it 's tiring . 
  how would you settle this issue ? 
  i do n't believe the psoe would change its mind about the referendum . 
  the podemos political party had the referendum as one of its selling points , and that was one of the main confrontation aspects between psoe and podemos . 
  they wo n't just change their stance . 
  it is likely that the local branch of psoe in catalonia , psc , would support the referendum ( while being against independence ) , but the rest of psoe is strongly spanish-nationalist and wo n't allow it . 
  i honestly think the catalan government has tried everything . 
  in catalonia there 's a feeling of learned helplessness regarding this issue . 
  people have been demonstrating since 2012 in some of the biggest protests in the history of spain , and all of it has been useless so far . 
  even forming a 400km human chain , that worked with the soviet union , does n't work with spain . 
  use of force is completely out of the question , everybody agrees . 
  so why bother anymore ? 
  i , personally , i am tired of this issue . 
  i just do n't consider spain to be a fully democratic country . 
  yes , but if you compare the results of the 9-n to the polling data , there 's a huge discrepancy . 
  a referendum is not useful if one of the sides does n't show up and vote . 
  we really need to settle this issue once for all , it 's been too long already and people are getting tired . 
  calm down , i do n't see how he disagrees with you . 
  he 's only stating how spain might enforce their power without the use of force . 
  exactly . 
  this is why separatist demonstrations are huge , whereas unionist ones are much smaller , despite pro-independence support is around 50 % . 
  only people who want change are motivated to go out and demonstrate . 
  do n't worry , that 's not going to happen at all . 
  catalan politicians say they 're going to made that unilateral declaration in 18 months if the referendum wins . 
  but it 's been 18 months for months ... 
  it 's a running joke by now . 
  right now the situation is stuck . 
  catalan politicians have already tried all possible options for having a referendum allowed by the spanish government , and they just refuse to negotiate . 
  there was already a unilateral referendum the 9th of november , 2014 , that the spanish government declared illegal ( hence today 's trials ) , and only pro-independence people went to vote , so it was useless . 
  if the catalan government tries to organise another one without the permission of the spanish government , we will get exactly the same result , so it wo n't make any sense . 
  as i said , the situation is stuck . 
  most people in catalonia ( both supporters and opponents ) want the referendum to settle this issue once for all , but negotiating with the central government is like talking to a wall . 
  i 'm not going to say tv3 is perfect , but compared to tve , antena3 and telecinco ... at least they usually include non-separatist people in their debates . 
  i love watching spanish tv talk shows , which they do not stand out for of their plurality , becoming essentially an echo chamber . 
  it is clear that they do not understand what is happening here , at all . 
  although there are only around 2000-3000 of them living there , compared to more than 100000 living in canada and greenland . 
  i do n't quite get it . 
  basically castilla is ( culturally ) the core of spain . 
  freedom for extremadura !, 
  [ hide the pain ... ] ( http://cdn77.sadanduseless.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/hide-the-pain-harold.jpg ), 
  dammit , i ca n't tell what 's genuine finnish anymore on this post !, 
  [ ehem ... ] ( https://www.google.es/search?q=egyptian+pyramids&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1094&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewio-uno2r3rahvm2xokhd2kdxyq_auibigb ) if they were n't such delicate structures supported by a bunch of columns ... 
  i 've been checking wikipedia . 
  [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temple_of_concordia,_agrigento ) is nice . 
  also , without leaving athens , there 's [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temple_of_hephaestus ) . 
  is there any greek temple that survived more or less intact to our days ? 
  the parthenon was in one piece until the xviith century , it 's a tragedy it blew up . 
  yaaaay , cold , finally !, 
  thank you !, 
  and i guess that at this point , unification with greece ( enosis ? 
  ) , even just for the greek region , is out of the question , no ? 
  what would be the difference ? 
  also , do you think most greek-cypriots agree with the federation idea ? 
  so , would you say most turkish cypriots would support a federation between the two regions , and give up being an almost unrecognised independent republic ? 
  so , what 's the situation in cyprus right now ? 
  i guess that the intention now is to leave things as they are , and try to consolidate the borders , is n't it ? 
  can people currently move freely from one side to the other ? 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i agree with you and i support this initiative . 
  i am nobody to judge other people , they know better about their lives than i do . 
  i think that the mere exposure to these concepts will normalize transgenderism and issues regarding gender identity among the general population . 
  specially when it does not happen very often . 
  having said that , i still have trouble understanding the whole gender identity thing . 
  i never have come to this question , i just assumed i was male because i look like a male . 
  regardless of my personality , my tastes and my sexuality . 
  but obviously , there 's people who do n't . 
  so , i think that we are embracing two opposite views : 1 ) gender is a construct and roles are socially imposed , and 2 ) if you look like x gender but behave and feel as the other , you have to change your looks . 
  it 's a tricky issue . 
  i hope i made myself clear . 
  you are right . 
  so basically some children with different haircuts ? 
  i feel like there 's some contradiction between increasingly blurring gender roles and the need to physically resemble the other sex . 
  i 'll [ create a gui interface ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkdd03yelnu ) in visual basic and track your ip !, 
  edit : different guy , ignore this comment .
