  even more using a emotionally charged label for that description . 
  the headline is intentionally deceptive . 
  they used to be the third party but they have been recently overshadowed by two newly created parties . 
  it 's more like a left-green-alternative party , but it is true that decades ago , the communist party , which was very minoritary , joined them . 
  however , they do n't pursue any communist objectives anymore . 
  edit : answering your question , the former . 
  it is indeed quite notable , but calling a group `` communist '' because one fifth of their voters identify as such is very misleading and deceptive . 
  moreover , the party itself does n't identify as communist and they removed that `` goal '' from their political views a long ago . 
  it would be like calling the partido popular `` the fascist party '' because a fraction of its voters defend those ideas . 
  that would be very wrong too . 
  el pa\u00eds is not what it used to be . 
  from being the main spanish newspaper now it 's just a biased tabloid at the service of those in power ( and their sponsors ) . 
  oh yes , that was what i meant . 
  there 's always time to retake that path if you wanted . 
  in spain , not much . 
  some people use [ thermomix ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thermomix ) which i think is a kind of slow cooker , but it 's not the norm . 
  also , they 're are huge and expensive . 
  i 'm actually thinking about getting a slow cooker after seeing many recipes here in reddit . 
  but i 'm afraid i 'm gon na just end up with another appliance in my kitchen countertop ... 
  just curious . 
  why did you dropout ? 
  i think it greatly varies . 
  here in spain it 's compulsory until you 're 16 . 
  primary school spans from 6 to 12 years old , and secondary from 12 to 16 . 
  then you can choose to join the workforce or study a couple more years to get into a college degree . 
  so the stadistic in this post refers to people who quit before 16 . 
  no , i do n't think their status is high in spain . 
  half jockingly , people always say that if you want a quick 'n' easy college degree , just study childhood education . 
  it 's very easy to get into these programs and therefore . . lots of unemployed teachers !, 
  do n't get me wrong , there are great teachers there ... 
  but there 's also a lot who lack the most basic science skills ... 
  everything is relative  oh , and many people work in non-regularized jobs . 
  otherwise i do n't understand the absence of mass protests . 
  can confirm . 
  housing prices rised 20 % every year , and they `` would never go down '' , so it was a solid investment . 
  easy money !, 
  oh , and less than that !, 
  it 's easy , just include the car of your choice ( usually bmw or audi ) in your mortgage and the bank will `` pay '' for it . 
  banks would give a loan to literally everyone . 
  people who worked in construccions did that . 
  and when the housing bubble bursted , guess who started losing their jobs and their homes . 
  it was pretty irresponsable ... 
  what 's wrong with mass/crowd psychology ? 
  it 's usually part of the social psychology courses . 
  actually that 's not crazy at all . 
  it 's the two-speed europe politicians talk about . 
  empoverish ( lower wages ) in the south in purpose so it 's economically viable to keep produccion in these countries instead of outsourcing it to asia . 
  actually there are some kind of bursaries for university students that pay your tuition fees , which were n't specially expensive ( around 1000 $ / year ? 
  ) , although now prices have rised , specially in post-graduate degrees ( they just doubled the prices in 2012 , i think ) . 
  i myself received a few of them , even when both my parents had fulltime jobs , so they were pretty easy to get . 
  but i 've been told that now it 's a whole different story . 
  forget about rent if you are studying . 
  your only option is sharing an apartment . 
  with an average entry-level part-time job you 'd make around 500-600 $ / month , and that 's less than the rent costs in a city like barcelona . 
  so it 's better to rent a room for 300 $ / month or stay at home . 
  this is also why people do n't leave their parents ' home till they are 30 . 
  not because they do n't want to , but because it 's too expensive . 
  actually there are some kind of bursaries for university students that pay your tuition fees , which were n't specially expensive ( around 1000 $ / year ? 
  ) , although now prices have rised , specially in post-graduate degrees ( they just doubled the prices in 2012 , i think ) . 
  i myself received a few of them , even when both my parents had fulltime jobs , so they were pretty easy to get . 
  but i 've been told that now it 's a whole different story . 
  forget about rent if you are studying . 
  your only option is sharing an apartment . 
  with an average entry-level part-time job you 'd make around 500-600 $ / month , and that 's less than the rent costs in a city like barcelona . 
  so it 's better to rent a room for 300 $ / month or stay at home . 
  this is also why people do n't leave their parents ' home till they are 30 . 
  not because they do n't want to , but because it 's too expensive . 
  not really , no . 
  since in the 70-80 's everyone that had a university degree could generally find a good job , all kids were heavily encouraged to go to university . 
  now most people that i know of ( around my age ) have a university degree and a master ( and/or a phd ) , otherwise , good luck at finding a job ( any job ) ! . 
  but since the numbers do n't lie , there 's a huge segment of the population who drop school before turning 16 . 
  i guess that the family background must play an important role . 
  in my case , i only know a handful of people who chose to abandon school and work in construction , and others who finished the secondary school but preferred to work in a factory or in retail and start making money from the beginning . 
  as other have commented , many people were lured into construction jobs since it was an easy way to make money . 
  i personally knew a few cases in my school . 
  on the other side , it does n't seem that spain has less university graduates than the average , so it basically means that either you do n't have any education , or you have a university degree , but nothing in between . 
  however , since the crisis started and people started losing their jobs , many people with lower education joined associate degree programs ( ciclos formativos/formaci \u00f3n profesional ) aimed at developing a profession . 
  although for that you must have to complete the obligatory secondary/highschool studies . 
  how are these frequencies measured ? 
  did they include recent immigrants or only people with established ancestry in each country ? 
  well , the thing is that if you want to cover the whole ocean , you would need a plant which tolerates a wide range of temperatures , from tropical to arctic . 
  and also there 's the potential problem of lack of nutrients . 
  not starving everything beneath it , but sargassos float on the surface of the ocean : http://oceanservice.noaa.gov/facts/sargassosea.html, 
  but ultimately they would reach an equilibrium . 
   cojidos my eyes ... 
  does anybody know if the paintaing is still standing and can actually be seen ? 
  nice try :p, 
  cool . 
  i like how you guys keep doing efforts to protect the language . 
  do n't let it go !, 
  thank god for the subtitles . 
  i wish there were more initiatives like this one . 
  it has one of the most fertile soils on earth . 
  i see . 
  anyway , it sounds weird to me without the article . 
  it 's not comparable to `` la francia , la alemania , etc. . . '' , i 've never heard the article on these ones . 
  ps : i checked , there 's a [ list of countries ] ( http://www.rae.es/diccionario-panhispanico-de-dudas/apendices/paises-y-capitales-con-sus-gentilicios ) that can or can not have the article . 
  in `` reino unido '' , it is optional and therefore correct with or without . 
  in francia , alemania , italia , etc. 
  it 's always without .
