   and america first , and both are weird because both are countries where low-skilled people with poor language skills end up living in poverty-ridden ghettos . 
  i ca n't speak for the uk , but a poverty ridden ghetto in the us is actually a huge step up in quality for a massive amount of people . 
  the war on drugs might be a joke here , but it 's a literal war in much of central and south america . 
  even if you 're not worried about safety , a minimum wage job in the us still pays more than most jobs on the rest of the continent , and every year the diasporas manage to save up and send back billions of dollars to family in their home countries . 
  i ca n't comment on the uk because i do n't have a ton of personal experience with it in this department , but if i had to hazard a guess , i 'd say that the situation was pretty similar . 
   it is weird because there are countries were immigrants fare better . 
  australia , new zeeland of the english speaking ones that might be true , but let me ask , * how * are they supposed to get to australia ? 
  in the us , both of our borders are massive and almost completely unsecured ; as long as you 're not at one of the major checkpoints , all it takes is a little bit of luck to just walk across . 
  but australia and new zealand have the entire pacific ocean to cross . 
  it 's just not viable for most people . 
   the netherlands with it is high minimum wage , austria with its social housing and collective contracts , are just the ideal target for the average for the average third-world guy who wants to start a new life as a hotel room cleaner in a rich counrty . 
  i 'm not sure that the average immigrant * wants * to be a hotel room cleaner for the rest of their lives . 
  people everywhere have aspirations , even if it 's pretty much impossible for them to be achieved . 
  even if they are okay with that though , we hit two other problems . 
  the first is in language . 
  * significantly * more people speak english than just about anything else . 
  an immigrant might have picked up enough english to get by on their own , but what are the odds that they know any dutch at all ? 
  second , all the safety nets in the world only help you if you * know * about them . 
  educating people on what their rights are is a very difficult affair . 
  if i do n't know that austria has social housing before i start looking to leave , then it would never even occur to me to check it out . 
  with countries like the us and uk , their brand is well known enough that people at least * think * they know what they 're getting in to when they immigrate . 
  iirc though , the russians did n't * know * that there were resources in alaska . 
  as far as anyone knew , it was worthless , which is why it was sold for so cheap , and we just happened to get lucky . 
  as for control over the bering strait , that 's a good point , but only if russia had actually been built up in alaska . 
  i could very well be mistaken here , but i 'm not sure if russia ever any significant presence there . 
  i can try and hunt down all the old pdfs and slideshows from college if you really want to see them , but this should give you a rough idea of the chinese mentality in ye olden times . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_chinese_tributary_system the tl ; dr is that china was viewed literally as the center of the universe and carried divine providence . 
  everywhere else was filled with barbarians , who either did n't count as civilizations at all , or swore tribute to china in order to access a bit of trade . 
  if they swore tribute then they 're considered vassals , and if they 're just barbarians without civilization , then the lands are claimed under china 's divine mandate ( even if it is in word only ) . 
  the viewpoint lasted for a surprisingly long time . 
  here 's a letter from a chinese official to the british crown at around the time of the opium wars . 
  http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/1839lin2.asp my personal favorite quote is near the end . 
  `` our celestial empire rules over ten thousand kingdoms !, 
  most surely do we possess a measure of godlike majesty which ye can not fathom ! '', 
  man , i got ta start working for the embassy . 
  the state department only gives me about $ 300 a day to post pro-american propaganda here . 
  at one point in time , china claimed pretty much the entire world . 
  anywhere that was n't directly under imperial control was considered a vassal state ( even if no one knew it existed yet ) . 
  they might be some backwards commie dictatorships , but they 're still light years ahead of us in the realm of political cartoons . 
  we must address the cartoon gap immediately !, 
  who else is going to overtake the uk though ? 
  16 years is n't a very long time . 
  for real contenders , we 've got india , * maybe * brazil , and then possible jockeying for position with france . 
  if we were talking 50 years down the road i could see your point , but 2030 is n't that far away . 
  kind of a stretch there ... 
  why do you even care ? 
  worldnews is a cesspool to start with , and reddit comments are utterly irrelevant . 
  they 're spam , so treat them as such ; ignore them . 
  of course , it should be pointed out that you do n't need to be a shill to be pro-russian or pro-putin . 
  just because people disagree with you , it does n't necessarily make them strawmen . 
  i 'd be a bit more hesitant to just label all of them as astroturfers . 
  the problem is that having a discussion at all is incredibly difficult . 
  even among people who are very well educated and are aware of the real complexities in any given situation , conversations can get really heated when it comes to subjects like economics and politics . 
  and these are the people who are * most likely * to understand an opponent 's point of view . 
  the heat only gets amplified when you start bringing in people who are n't all that familiar with whatever the topic of discussion is . 
  you start getting more and more misinformation , baseless assumptions , and personal attacks . 
  and this is all people who are actually interested in whatever the topic is and want to learn more about it . 
  we have n't even gotten to the trolls yet . 
  nato * should not * buy these french ships . 
  as much as i hate to say it , it 's in the best interest of france to deliver them to russia . 
  if france caves here , it 's going to seriously hurt its heavy arms industry in the future . 
  every potential buyer will know that contracts with french companies ca n't be trusted . 
  sending the ships to some nato country might salvage this deal , but it 'll ensure that they 'll never get another . 
  and for what ? 
  any country russia was seriously considering invading is small enough that the invasion would succeed with or without these ships . 
  and if putin ever goes off the deep end and decides to pick a fight with nato , these two carriers wo n't be enough to save him ( nato 's naval power is absurdly one sided , much more than its ground forces ) . 
  and of course , you certainly ca n't pretend that the `` local self-defense militias '' managed to pick up a minstral at the local hardware store , so they 're not going to be of any use if russia decides to give an encore of ukraine somewhere else . 
  if anything , we should support the deal . 
  france is pulling the wool over russia 's eyes . 
  they 're taking millions of euros out of the russian economy , and in return russia is getting a couple of ships which are going to do nothing but sail around doing combat exercises until they become obsolete . 
  it 's just the proto-americans making some noise . 
  raise the threat level to extra value meal level as a precaution , but i do n't think we need to start delivering any freedom just yet . 
  the us left iraq because after an entire decade they managed to accomplish absolutely nothing with their occupation , except rack up a bunch of debt and corpses . 
  and i 'm not arguing that a handgun is a threat to a professional army . 
  if you 're in the middle of battle , a 9mm is n't going to do you much good . 
  what it * is * good for is shooting someone in the back of the head when they walk into a room . 
  the entire point is that they have no idea who the target is until they start shooting . 
  once one soldier gets taken out , the shooter will be killed for sure ( they 're obviously not gon na fight off an entire patrol with a handgun ) , but , as i 've said about a dozen times , ** the object for the partisans is not to win , it 's just to make an occupation too costly to be feasible ** . 
  it 's a perfectly reasonable argument . 
  could the military just solve the problem by killing everyone in the country with air strikes ? 
  no doubt they could . 
  would they ? 
  of course not , because if everyone 's dead , you 're not the dictator of anything . 
  if the dictator wants anyone to actually listen to any of these new laws , they 're going to have to send soldiers to enforce them . 
  about 4000 soldiers were killed in iraq , a country which has 10 % the population size of the us and fewer weapons in circulation . 
  an occupation would be * very * painful and expensive . 
  of course , if you bothered to actually read my post , i flat out said that 's it 's a completely hypothetical situation . 
  any sort of dictator showing up in the us would almost certainly cause a civil war in the military , limiting their effectiveness even further , and giving access to lots of military weaponry to partisans . 
  oh , and just for the record , a glock or a shotgun can indeed kill a soldier in body armor . 
  the point is to instill fear in the occupying soldiers . 
  every day they 're out doing things , you want them to ask themselves `` if i leave my apc , will i get shot ? '', 
  the partisans do n't need to win . 
  they just need to make dictatorship look like a less viable option for a president than sticking to democracy . 
  the citizens do n't need to be able to * topple * the government , they just have to be able to make it miserable . 
  look at iraq and afghanistan . 
  their armies could n't accomplish shit . 
  the deaths to american soldiers mostly came at the hands of random people waiting in crowds with home made bombs , snipers hiding in apartments with hold hunting rifles , and that sort of thing . 
  in the event of a military dictatorship situation ( which is totally fucking absurd , just for the record ; the military would probably just tell the president to fuck off , and there 's almost certainly be a civil war first ) , the army would have to subjugate each city , basically going door by door . 
  every time you get to a house , flip a coin . 
  if it 's heads , there 's a gun in there .
