  meanwhile in massachusetts , you have to petition the mass. 
  bar like in new york , but there 's no implication that they have to accept you . 
  and of course , even in new york , you 're still only eligible if you 're from a country that has a legal system based upon english common law , and the length of your program is as long as american ones . 
  even in the best case scenarios , there are extra hoops to jump through . 
  worst case scenario they do n't accept the accreditation . 
  also , it 's kind of off topic , but while first , second , and third world used to relate to geopolitical affiliation , that really has n't been true since the end of the cold war . 
  for the last 20 years it 's really been more about economic development . 
  you 're seriously moving goalposts , and taking a completely context-free view of history . 
  literally everyone in the entire world from the past has views that we now consider to be backwards . 
  it 's going to happen to us too in a century . 
  were the american founding fathers racist , sexist , zealots compared to the norm today ? 
  of course . 
  but that does n't changed the fact that they created one of the oldest still-existent democracies by using some of the word-for-word arguments of british and other enlightenment thinkers that came before them . 
  foreign institutions and programs * can * be accredited , but it 's in no way the default . 
  the department of education has a write-up and a bunch of links ( https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html ) , but it ultimately boils down to everything being done on a case by case basis . 
  there are dozens of different accrediting agencies and standards , and it 's more or less up to the employer which , if any , they trust . 
  additionally , the field matters as well . 
  if you 're in , say , it , you 'll probably have an easier time of finding someone who recognized your qualifications than you will if you 're in medicine . 
  additionally , i 'm pretty sure your assertion about the ny bar exam is false . 
  not only is nothing of the sort mentioned on the website , foreign , in their faq section , they say the exact opposite . 
  pdf warning : http://www.nycourts.gov/ctapps/news/skills.pdf at best , if you 're an already practicing lawyer in a foreign country with multiple years of experience , you * may * count some of that practice . 
  if you 're going through a school , you need to at least take some classes in an american school recognized by the ny bar association . 
  hell , not even all * american * bar associations are recognized in new york . 
  and of course , it 's also worth pointing out that you 're from an english speaking first world country . 
  your universities and standards are much more likely to be granted reciprocity than others . 
  while i get the reference , you 're not wrong . 
  foreign degrees and certifications really are n't worth a whole lot in the us ( to the point where you may very well have to go back to an american school anyway ) , and by going abroad you 're cutting yourself off from a helpful alumni community . 
  i 'm also not super convinced that the handful of random english-only programs designed purely to court americans are actually of the same quality as other programs , either in europe or america . 
  after a quick google , it seems there were only a handful of confirmed cases of this sort of thing ever happening . 
  obviously there were plenty of unreported fraggings , or `` accidental '' friendly fire that did n't get reported , but i think people overstate how much it happened . 
  a much bigger deal was the insane unpopularity of the draft , combined with the fact that it became largely unnecessary in the post-vietnam era . 
  conscription caused absolutely massive protests , and resulted in tens of thousands of people becoming criminals by becoming draft dodgers . 
  it became politically untenable to keep supporting it if you wanted to keep getting elected . 
  additionally , there was a concerted effort to make voluntary military service more attractive . 
  better pay and benefits for example means you get more people who show up by choice , so you do n't * need * to force people into it . 
  and of course , improved military technology meant that you did n't need massive hordes of people in order to get results . 
  that 's not necessarily true though . 
  at a certain point , a big enough army keeps enemies at bay without having to fire a shot . 
  no one is ever going to invade the us or a nato state because it would be an unwinnable fight . 
  meanwhile , a state like ukraine was invaded because it was a totally winnable fight . 
  now , we obviously deserve a low score because we are actively using our military to blow shit up , but that was a * decision * , not an inherent outcome of having a large military . 
  we have muslim hordes ? 
  the military also exists to keep other people from killing you . 
  even if we assume that the sources are legitmate ( and the crime rate one almost certainly is n't , given that it 's based upon a survey of random website users rather than actual data ) , this indicates that the us is at the median in hiv/aids and murder rate ( 108 out of 216 listed is * literally * the middle of the road ) , is below the median rate in crime , and far below the mean in all three areas . 
  and the mean is a far more meaningful measure to use in this circumstance . 
  le 's look at the murder rate for example . 
  lowest murder rate in a real country : japan , at 0.3 . 
  america , dead middle of the dataset 3.9 . 
  worst country in the world : honduras , at 84.6 . 
  the differences between the top half are frankly marginal when compared to the lower half . 
  additionally , it 's also probably worth pointing out that most of the world 's microstates are in the top half , inflating the numbers . 
  i also question at least some of the rankings ; it seems a bit suspect that burkina faso , one of the poorest , hungriest , least healthy states in the world has a lower murder rate than luxembourg , and not including terrorism related deaths in israel is a bit dishonest . 
  it 's the same deal with aids . 
  the spread between the top spot and america is 0.59 . 
  the spread from the us to the bottom is 27.1 . 
  obviously , the us is doing poorly when compared to other first world countries ( which we should be ashamed about ) , but to claim that they 're just doing poorly in general is a completely disingenuous reading of the data . 
  i think the issue is that without a central government dictating which country gets to make what , you 're going to have the same situation that you currently have . 
  elsewhere in the comments you see people saying things like `` germany can make all the tanks , france can make all the ships , austria can make all the guns '' and so on , as if that actually was plausible . 
  in the real world , germany does n't want to buy the ships from france . 
  france does n't want to buy the guns from austria . 
  everyone wants to make everything , and sell it to everyone else . 
  without a central actor saying `` everyone has to buy x model '' , you 're still going to have a half dozen different competitors for everything . 
   advantage for a single army . 
  advantage for a single fighting force , you mean . 
  in the event of a war big enough to involve the entire eu , having unified standards and equipment between all of the armies would be an advantage because it makes supply and coordination easier . 
   you are comparing 29 armies to one , so on average the europeans have less variation in their systems than the americans . 
  ... how do you get this idea ? 
  as we see from the graph , the europeans have * far * more variation in their systems when taken as a whole . 
  that seems like one hell of a legal oversight . 
  are other explosives legal to possess in sweden ? 
  what kind of god damn terrorist eats pasta with ketchup ? 
  do people actually do this , and if so , why have n't we bombed them yet ? 
  the marines and the navy have a. . . complicated relationship . 
  while they are technically a part of the navy , they go to great lengths to be as autonomous as possible . 
  calling them sailors would probably be taken as more of an insult than calling them soldiers . 
  you mean democracy ? 
  most of the population lives on the coasts . 
  there are as many people living in new york city alone as there are in wyoming , north dakota , south dakota , montana , idaho , nebraska , and new mexico * combined * . 
  he lost by three * million * votes . 
  most of the red on that map is corn . 
  apparently turkey joined the eu in 2014 . 
  but there are already nuclear weapons in europe ... 
  it would be funnier if we did n't wind up with a president who lost the election by more than 2 million votes . 
  but they * do n't * have a way forward . 
  they 've got a good plan to push the blame onto someone else , but regardless of who gets blamed , they 're still in the same crappy situation . 
  90 % of the member states of nato are in europe . 
  just loan them more gold !, 
  if you just gave them the gold , they could use it to pay debnts !, 
  everyone is of winning !, 
  he won it in a pretty undemocratic way though . 
  clinton had 600,000 more votes . 
  he just won the electoral college , an institution which was explicitly * designed * to override popular sentiment . 
  i mean , people are overreacting with the whole `` never trump '' thing , especially because the victory was completely justified by rule of law , but still , losing by 600,000 is n't great . 
  is r/shitpostsofeurope a thing yet ? 
  if not , it should be . 
  this just happens over and over and over . 
  it 's great comedic timing is all . 
  literally like 3 days after we had the big circlejerk about how great europeans are ( based on some very misleading claims that from a video that the op himself did n't even watch ) , we get a big news story about toxic european eggs . 
  no , washing them would n't have helped at all , but the timing is just kind of ironic . 
  though now the joke 's been made frequently enough that it 's not all that funny anymore .
