  see , your problem is that you 're looking at things in the wrong way . 
  yes , the `` native '' british food is awful . 
  this is known . 
  but the ethnic food is amazing . 
  really , it makes sense . 
  all of british history has been a quest to find a decent meal . 
  why go to india ? 
  got ta get me some tea . 
  china ? 
  i need those dumplings . 
  dinner time again ? 
  better take over the middle east , i could go for some kebab . 
  and it should go without saying that the reason they took over so much land in america was for the burgers . 
  * * some claims open to interpretation . 
  we 're number 8 !, 
  we 're number 8 !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  suck it , canada and liechtenstein !, 
  which is why most rape cases wind up being so difficult . 
  by their very nature , most rapes do n't typically have witnesses , and generate evidence which is easily disputable . 
  they 're an absolute bitch for prosecution to prove in general . 
  you 're kind of overlooking a major issue in your analysis ; yes , just about every nato state has moved away from ground combat , but russia is n't exactly a juggernaut . 
  the russian army is less than 250,000 strong ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_ground_forces ) . 
  the do n't have the men to mount a `` massive '' attack . 
  the scenario would n't be nato noticing a russian buildup on the border and repositioning , it would be nato having a few years to prepare as russia attempted to ramp up their conventional forces . 
  nato 's weaker than it used to be , but it 's because russia is too . 
  that sounds like baseless fearmongering . 
  but then again , either it will happen , or it wo n't . 
  that 's a 50/50 chance . 
  better upvote to be safe . 
  yes , if we can get fusion to work , we 'll basically have most of our energy problems solved . 
  * if * we can get it to work that is . 
  practical fusion energy generation has been 10 years away for the last 50 years . 
  ultimately we have n't actually had very much success in the field though . 
  our best successes have basically been creating a reactor which was power neutral for a few seconds , and there 's not really much reason to think we 're going to do better in the near future . 
  this test is basically just confirming that they can turn the machine on . 
  however , the theoretical payoff means that there 's pretty much always going to be serious research into the topic . 
  it 's just too good to pass up . 
  sabaton 's got some songs which are n't in english that are pretty kick ass . 
  those things are just segways without handles . 
  they deserve to be on fire for claiming to be hoverboards . 
  just because mao says he 's anti-imperial , it does n't mean he was . 
  they were against imperialism when it was * japan * doing it . 
  when china does it , it 's fine . 
  it 's also a bit off topic , but yeah , america was pretty imperialistic from the start . 
  we were engaged in a series of military conquests to gather territory from other peoples since * before we were even a country * . 
  yes . 
  and they can always get more expensive . 
  if you demand that they grossly increase their costs via more expensive labor , they 're going to respond by raising the price of their product to compensate . 
  no company is going to accept a massive profit cut lying down . 
  of course people are always going to make shoes . 
  we need shoes . 
  and with less competition and higher costs from using first world labor , costs are going to go way up . 
  which most people do n't want . 
   we could do it but companies like adidas would n't have millions in their assets . 
  then adidas would leave the industry , and then you would n't have shoes . 
  companies * only * do things to make money . 
  if they are n't making money , then they either fold , or move into a different industry . 
   if we produced cloth in europe it would still be cheap . 
  it 's a freaking cloth . 
  it can not be expensive . 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  the biggest cost in most industries is from payroll . 
  and there 's no getting around the fact that you can pay someone in the third world a tenth of what you 'd pay a european for labor . 
  yeah , you see a lot of the same things happening in america with cars . 
  `` american '' cars are made abroad for the cheap labor . 
  foreign cars are made in america to avoid import costs . 
  globalization is weird . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  while i 've definitely heard the jew thing from practicing muslims ( admittedly not the most devout , but still ) , i 've never heard about christian meat being acceptable . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  first people bitched that they were supporting terrorism by offering the halal line , and now that they 've removed it , people are bitching that they 're intolerant . 
  this right here is why all the fears about encryption are bullshit and why there 's no need to cede our privacy rights in the name of protection . 
  the amount of data that goes across phones and the internet is massive . 
  even when it 's all out in the open , there 's just so much that there 's no way to monitor everything in real time . 
  giving the various governments access to all this data wo n't make us any safer because the odds of stumbling across attack details , realizing what they are , determining if they 're valid , and coming up with a response in time to actually * prevent * the attack are basically zero . 
  i know that it says `` latin america '' , but seeing as one of the arrest warrants is for an mep by the name of aymeric chauprade , i figured it might be relevant . 
  the tl ; dr is that two french pilots were accused of smuggling cocaine in the dominican republic . 
  they were arrested , but escaped and fled to france . 
  the french government denies that they assisted in the escape , but does admit that they seem to have gotten support from people who used to be in either the french military or intelligence services . 
  not all of that 5 billion though is actually chianti though , is it ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  it 's basically impossible to stop these kinds of attacks . 
  we 're seeing them all over israel over the last couple of weeks , and that 's certainly not a society which is afraid of looking `` racist '' . 
  no one gets arrested beforehand because the fact of the matter is that there 's no way to know that someone 's about to commit a crime like this until they start the attack . 
   my experience of stadium security is closer to taking pre-bought drinks and food off people so they buy from the retailers inside the stadium instead . 
  not stopping someone wearing explosives and carrying an ak from doing whatever the fuck they want . 
  exactly . 
  security guards are n't soldiers , they 're just watchdogs . 
  the most action they ever get is breaking up the occasional drunk fistfight . 
  stopping gunmen is n't typically in their job description , especially if they 're just watching a sporting event . 
  if the story was true , i 'd say he counts as a hero for sure . 
  that 's a start , but the fundamental problem with the idea is that it costs money . 
  europe as a whole has massively cut down on military capability . 
  and why would n't they ? 
  the us foots the bill regardless , so why bother throwing away taxpayer money when it can be used on other issues . 
  the thing is , if europe ever wants to * stop * relying on america for defense , they need to start building up again . 
  and that 's expensive . 
  the us spends like $ 600 billion a year on defense .
