  i guess if this whole `` freedom '' thing does n't work out , i can go back to being a lobsterback . 
  also , op has it right , some of these questions are * really * random . 
  no , he made a baseless le3edgy5me fedora quote without any sort of backing . 
  note how he does nothing to explain how `` religion is a cancer on humanity '' , he just makes a broad , sweeping statement slandering the character of billions of people . 
  for most of human history , religion was the primary source of * education and scientific advancement * in a good chunk for the world . 
  yes , including western europe . 
  have religions been responsible for bad things ? 
  obviously yes . 
  stating that they 're literally less than worthless however is patently false . 
  i do n't really think that isis exactly has a direct link to a bunch of individuals in the eu and america that are plotting terrorist attacks . 
  they 're not saying `` hey , jim , go and shoot ten people on first street at 10:00 on june 3 '' , they 're just making twitter posts saying `` hey , everyone who wants to remove the infidels , go kill them whenever you get a chance '', 
  i 'm not sure if the f-35 is the world 's best aircraft or if you 're just the world 's best salesman , but i 'm impressed either way . 
  croatia drunk !, 
  obama is a muslim , so of course he wants to help create eurabia / s, 
  also probably worth pointing out is that when non-english media becomes successful , it usually winds up with an english language adaptation anyway . 
  even when the europeans win , the victory gets diluted or displaced . 
  all languages will belong to us !, 
  is this really a thing that happens ? 
  i see this complaint pop up all the time , but i 've never encountered anyone in the real world who has actually done this . 
  i dunno , that sounds like a pretty cool idea . 
  roman catholics are the biggest individual sect of christianity in america too . 
  why is it wrong for people in power to criticize other people of power ? 
  i 'm so happy they added flute guy . 
  he adds a lot to the band , and i think a lot of the released tracks really benefit from the new instruments . 
  and i 'm sure this will be controversial , but i think floor is a much better singer than tarja was , so that helps too . 
  no american media is mentioning the ratings in america . 
  eurovision has n't mentioned them . 
  online news sources that were waxing poetic about how great it is that eurovision was finally coming to american tv have n't mentioned it . 
  maybe i 'm being premature , but it 's probably a safe bet that it did n't make any waves . 
  most americans watch tv via broadcast networks , not the internet . 
  eurovision being on american tv would be a huge thing ... if it was on a real network . 
  which it was n't . 
  it aired on a small niche lgbt channel . 
  given that i have n't seen anyone here or elsewhere touting how successful it was here , i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that it did n't do very well in the ratings . 
  did you just say `` meter '' ? 
  you god damn traitor . 
  pretty much . 
  with a few exceptions , pretty much all of the names for germany are a reference to one of the tribes which have been in the area at one point or another . 
  are n't tax hikes pretty hot news in basically every country ? 
  i could n't really tell you . 
  i come to / r/europe because i 'm inundated with casual american stuff in my day to day life . 
  aside from all the state subs , there 's also / r/news , / r/politics , all of the various political party subs , and so on . 
  but really , i think that u/auvon has it right . 
  we 're far and away the biggest group on the english speaking part of reddit . 
  we do n't really have our own dedicated place because we 're the majority almost everywhere that is n't specifically dedicated to other nationalities . 
  edit : also , it 's worth pointing out that r/europe is a default sub for everyone accessing reddit from europe . 
  there might be 700,000 subscribers , but there 's nowhere near that many people who actually come here . 
  it also probably helps that a nontrivial percentage of people in this sub are actually americans using other flags . 
  they teach you to master racial slurs , and enlighten you about the sexual prowess of your own mother . 
  it 's all very informative stuff . 
  somebody get this man a burger !, 
  the answer to any `` why '' question when it comes to english is because the language is a bastardized mix of about 30 different things . 
  we 've got a semi-germanic base , an entirely redundant 800 year old french vocabulary , greek suffixes and prefixes , and latin grammar rules . 
  i honestly doubt that most fluent english speakers can actually explain what all the various tenses are . 
  we 've got an innate understanding , but if you asked someone who was n't still in school to explain what the pluperfect tense was or something , you 'd probably just get a confused look . 
  this document gets more and more interesting the more you read it . 
  for example , on page 10 , they claim that the traditional use of `` action '' is wrong , and then go on to explain that the authors of the paper disagree about why , and that it just feels strange . 
  page 11 , it states that british people do n't understand what the phrase `` state actor '' means . 
  can i get anyone to confirm/deny this ? 
  also from 11 , we have `` actorness '' . 
  no clue about what to do with this . 
  from 12 , we have the word `` adequate '' defined using the `` incorrect '' version of the word actual . 
  really , i know it 's tradition to comment on things without reading them , but please , read the document . 
  it 's pretty great . 
  i too speak freedom , and i can confirm that we have n't eliminated it . 
  though in my experience , it 's used pretty arbitrarily , and just gets used whenever it `` feels '' right . 
  r/whowouldwin is the place for you my friend . 
  if we need to stick to the states that were involved in gnw 1 , then it 's basically everyone versus russia , is n't it ? 
   as for your second example , this is the core of the problem . 
  it is indeed designed so no exit appears as an option , as i said in my previous comment but this is mistaken . 
  there 's a world of difference between an issue which is unaddressed , and one which has been decided in the negative . 
  when it comes to the eu , whether a state can leave or not is simply unaddressed , not forbidden . 
  contrast this with the united states . 
  here , the question of secession has been settled in both de facto and de jure senses . 
  legally , the supreme court has ruled that unilateral secession is illegal . 
  it 's not negotiable , and any state that joins the union does so permanently . 
  right or wrong , the issue of whether territory can leave unilaterally has been solved . 
  if membership to the eu was designed to be a permanent thing , then that is something that would be explicitly spelled out somewhere . 
  it 's not something which can just be assumed from a legal standpoint . 
  there 's two major issues with that argument though . 
  first , the eu * is n't * a country , and it 's probably safe to say that most countries that joined the eu did not do so under the impression that it would eventually become one . 
  more importantly though , there are literally dozens of examples of countries which have been thrown into chaos because there 's no legal mechanism to deal with a secession crisis . 
  even if the eu was a country , not having a clearly laid-out plan for what happens if someone wants to leave is mindbogglingly shortsighted . 
  that argument seems ridiculous , but i ca n't beat it . 
  better stay in the eu just to be safe . 
  russia secretly joined nato in the early 90s . 
  they get a commission for each new state they get to join . 
  yeah ... you might not want to follow our example . 
  we 've got more than 10 million illegal immigrants here . 
  fully 3 % of our population consists of people who hopped the border . 
  almost no one migrats to the country legally because of the rules are draconian and it takes like a fucking decade to do it . 
  they seem to have assimilated better than the middle eastern migrants going into europe at the moment , but that 's probably not due to our immigration policy . 
  you traitor . 
  also , celsius is the least defensible of all metric communist lies . 
  it 's as equally arbitrary as fahrenheit . 
  is that 28 c ~ ~ ommunist ~ ~ or 28 f ~ ~ reedom ~ ~ ? 
  both are plausible . 
  yes . 
  and part of the reason they exist is because of the economics . 
  the prison systems are already grossly overcapacity , and now the feds expect communities to find a place to hold thousands of more people for indeterminate periods of time ?
