  still better than r/worldnews, 
  quick point of clarity , i meant the icc , not the icj . 
  it does n't actually change anything ( still in the hague , same argumenst still apply ) , but might as well use the right terminology . 
  anyway , it 's not just a question of jurisdiction , but of legitimacy . 
  allow me to be a bit hyperbolic for the sake of illustration . 
  let 's say that isis arrested a dutch soldier . 
  would you be happy if the dutch government simply accepted whatever punishment isis gave him ? 
  from the perspective of isis , they 're legitimately entitled to this authority , and if the dutch soldier did n't want to risk the punishment , he should n't have been there . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that decision would be unpopular in your country . 
  now , obviously i 'm not really equating the hague with isis . 
  but as far as the us is concerned , the icc is n't just a different jurisdiction , it 's an * illegitimate * jurisdiction under american law . 
  that 's the key point . 
  under american law , which supercedes all other law as far as america is concerned , an international court which the us is not party has no standing to arrest an american . 
  if , instead of the hague it was actually , say , the netherlands doing the arresting , that would be a different story . 
  it would still result in a complete clusterfuck ( which i 'll get to in a second ) , but , under american law , it would probably be a legitimate arrest . 
  stepping outside of the theoretical and into the practical , you also have the issue that , as a superpower , america gets to have special treatment on the global stage because it is strong enough to take it . 
  we see this over in japan on occasion . 
  when an american soldier gets accused of a crime , sometimes the us lets japanese courts handle it , sometimes they do n't . 
  is there a legal justification for why americans only get brought to court if the military thinks they 'll get a `` fair trial '' ? 
  probably not . 
  but it 's still a practical reality . 
  further , the icc is a dysfunctional mess . 
  even if the us was completely on board with it , and took any sort of threat of violence or sanctions off the table , it 's * still * insanely unlikely that they 'd bother going after an american ( or a brit , or a german , or whatever ) . 
  they 've barely got the resources to handle black and white cases , and can spend more than a decade on cases where the evidence is irrefutable . 
  going after a first world politician or soldier who can afford to throw massive amounts of resources at a case which has shades of gray is just too impractical for the hague . 
  the icj is n't actually recognized in many places . 
  http://www.icj-cij.org/jurisdiction/?p1=5&amp;p2=1&amp;p3=3 as we 've also seen , in the 70 years or so that the icj has been active , it has taken less than 200 cases . 
  only a handful have been against the united states , most of the cases were thrown out , and the ones that were n't were generally ignored if they were found to be inconsistent with american law . 
  more importantly though , it 's not actually the icj that the hague invasion act applies to . 
  it 's more for the icc . 
  that was a mistaken on my part . 
  the icj does n't try individual . 
  http://www.icj-cij.org/information/index.php?p1=7&amp;p2=2 that said , the same general arguments still stand in relation to the icc . 
  not only is it not recognized even in many of the states that america mucks around in ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/states_parties_to_the_rome_statute_of_the_international_criminal_court ) , the idea that they 'd bother trying to do anything to an american is ridiculous . 
  they 've had a grand total of about 30 indictments . 
  they 've only had a handful of actual cases , and they 've been complete shitshows , even when dealing with one dimensional comic book villains . 
  the icc can barely handle open and shut cases against tin pot dictators . 
  we do n't even need to talk about the threat of military force here . 
  on a purely practical level , there 's no way the hague would even consider action against an american because of all of the practical constraints . 
  kidnapping and illegally trying a citizen soldier of a sovereign state and ally which does n't recognize the authority of the icj is an act of war as well . 
  what makes you think that the hague invasion act would be unenforceable ? 
  the us does n't recognize the authority of the hague , and the hague does n't have the military might to enforce that authority unilaterally . 
  i mean , it 's moot because no one in their right mind could ever even seriously * consider * trying americans there because of the massive shitstorm it would cause , but in a purely hypothetical , balls to the wall incident , the us can back their laws with force , while the icj ca n't . 
  also worth pointing out that it 's an okinawan local official complaining about the issue , not the japanese government . 
  a large portion of americans are bilingual , but that 's mostly because a large portion of our population are immigrants . 
  something like a quarter of all school age children speak english as a * second * language . 
  most people who have been here for more than a few generations are still monolingual . 
  that 's a good point , as long as you overlook the fact that nato was solidified as an organization four months before the soviets even conducted their first successful nuclear test . 
  if adolf hitler 's nephew could serve in the american military during world war ii , this guy can go to they olympics . 
  we do n't get to pick our family . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  anyone who you do n't like is a neocon . 
  it 's like how any food that 's bad for you is a gluten . 
  when this story popped up a month ago , it was indeed mostly things like facebook posts . 
  not sure if that 's still the case or not though . 
  western europeans export * much * more than just 1 billion euros worth . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  if i only had a knife , i would n't want to try to hold more than a handful of people hostage . 
  it would be pretty easy for most people to escape , or even just overpower me . 
  especially if they were going specifically for the symbolism of just killing the priest , tuesday seems like a good choice . 
  the cold war was appeasement ? 
  are you high ? 
  it was the largest weapons buildup in all of history . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  a child could probably make a zip gun . 
  additionally , anyone with even basic machining skills can make a functioning `` real '' ( for lack of a better term ) gun . 
  it might be difficult for an amateur to make a more modern weapon , but just about anyone can make a revolver . 
  i have n't seriously heard this complaint in close to ten years now . 
  is it still * actually * common in germany , or is it just that a bunch of people * remember * the claim from when they were kids ? 
  the us might have low population density , but europe ( and japan ) have really high population density in general . 
  for example , three out of the ten densest states with more than 10 million people are in western europe alone . 
  just about every state in europe is pretty far above the global average . 
  is it really ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  for their population size , they 're pretty small . 
  japan has literally ten times the population density of the us for example , while german and the uk are like 7 times as high . 
  poland and france both have like five times the density of brasil . 
  even mexico is only like half of most of europe . 
  i think he meant geographically . 
  japan and germany really are n't very big in terms of area . 
  my country does n't even * have * a jousting history , and i would still pay money to see this . 
  so many of the olympic sports are just incredibly dull to watch . 
  even sports which * should * be exciting have been pretty sterilized . 
  edit : and before someone complains about it being unfair and eurocentric , so what ? 
  i think they should bring in * more * regional events . 
  throw in lacrosse , three gun shooting , kendo , or what have you . 
  what better way to grow the fanbase of a sport than the olympics ? 
  while that argument is technically a valid one , i 'm not so sure it actually pans out in reality . 
  according to this study http://www.vpc.org/studies/justifiable15.pdf ( pdf warning , jump to page 8 for the numbers i 'm citing ) , which draws from the bureau of justice statistics , firearms are used for self-defense by about 1 % of violent crime victims . 
  now , each year we do have hundreds of cases of justified killings in self-defense , and thousands of cases of justified injuries , or in scaring a criminal off . 
  statistically , i 'm sure that there have been at least a couple of potential mass shootings which have been stopped by a `` good gunman '' . 
  but it 's an incredibly small minority . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  massachusetts for example , which has some of the harshest gun ownership laws in the country , has a decent rate of 2.0 . 
  vermont and new hampshire , which both have much more lax gun laws , have an even lower rate . 
  all three do much better than states like texas and new york , which have very lax and very harsh laws respectively . 
  wyoming , which has the highest gun ownership per household ( http://qz.com/437015/mapped-the-us-states-with-the-most-gun-owners-and-most-gun-deaths/ ) has a rate of 2.7 , which is well below average . 
  i 'm not exactly an expert on the subject , but it seems to me that there 's not really much correlation at all . 
  anyone can pick out a half dozen states to suit their agenda , because there 's no uniformity at all . 
  it 's illegal for 17 year old immigrants to own guns in the us too .
