   so for the poorer people the goverment will be paying a small income and the rent on existing housing will be payed or there will be built decent houses to live in for free . 
  there must be state farms that grow vegetables , potatoes , rice and that keep animals for meat . 
  the products are free available in supermarkets where there is also an option for clothing and other needs again , what counts as poor ? 
  even more importantly , if the government is going to build me a new house which i will never have to pay anything for , and will provide me with all of my food and clothes , why would i ever want a job ? 
   everyone is free to contribute what ever they want to society without obligation . 
  how is this even supposed to work ? 
  the employers are gone , the government is supplying everything you need to live free of charge , and no one 's obliged to contribute anything ? 
  are you a wizard ? 
  how the hell do you pay for any of this ? 
  really , all of this seems pretty insane . 
  i seriously do n't know how to justify just about any of it . 
  edit : oh , i also see nothing about health care . 
  how does health care work in this `` revolution '' ? 
  1 : i think the eu is heading in that direction already . 
  it 's going to be a slow march though , and i do n't think it 'll actually happen any time in the next couple of decades . 
  2 : translation technology has been steadily improving for years , so hopefully one day the need for a common language will be a relic of the past . 
  that said , english is already on the way to becoming that common language . 
  supposedly , 2/3 of europeans speak english in at least some capacity . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2436051/english-lingua-franca-europeans-thirds-speak-language-squeezed-rivals.html english should n't completely replace other languages , and it especially should n't be legally mandated or anything like that though . 
  it should supplement other languages , not crack down on other cultures . 
  3 : banning religion . 
  i do n't see how this could * possibly * go wrong . 
  as we all know , state mandated atheism has always resulted in shining utopias of progress . 
  it certainly would n't be a gross violation of personal freedoms and a become an amazingly effective rallying cry against the eu . 
  age of consent is n't 18 in the us , that 's only for a handful of states . 
  even if you 're from a state ( like california ) where the aoc is 18 , no one is going to care if you slept with a 16 year old in the uk . 
  the law 's really in place for people who go to thailand and have sex with a 12 year old . 
  it was designed to kill asian sex tourism , though i do n't really know how well it gets enforced . 
  impractical . 
  unless you 're dumb enough to try and bring the goods back into the country , there 's not really any way for anyone to know . 
  edit : and as other people have pointed out , that 's what makes this law so silly . 
  there are n't even any goods for you to get caught with . 
  unless you do something like post a video of yourself buying a prostitute , then there 's no evidence at all . 
  it was n't even just the republicans . 
  even with the supermajority , the democrats were only barely able to push obamacare through . 
  there 's no way they would have had the political will to push a single payer system in . 
  and of course , even if they * did * , the lawsuits would be staggering . 
  the health care industry is a multi-billion dollar industry , and it was going to get turned on its head . 
  you 're completely right , single-payer was dead on arrival . 
  but they are n't trademarked to the best of my knowledge . 
  that 's the difference . 
  it 's rather difficult to trademark a regional name here . 
  so , if your bavarian meat salesmen is advertising `` bob dole 's new york steaks '' he 's violating my intellectual property rights . 
  if he 's just advertising his new york strip steaks , he 's not infringing on any specific person . 
  it 's just the name of a cut of meat . 
  so it 's not like calling all smartphones iphones , it 's like calling all smartphones smartphones . 
  of course , if you did all start calling smartphones iphones , the term would probably become genericized , and apple would risk losing the trademark anyway . 
  the person i was responding to was specifically referring to europeans copying american regional labels . 
  i was explaining that no one would care because regional trademarks do n't really exist here . 
  you can also get off the high horse about corporate vs personal rights , because you 're full of shit . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  there 's no intellectual property to be respected here . 
  no one owns new york steaks or boston lobsters . 
  if some bavarian guy starts marketing his meat as `` new york steaks '' there 's no one here who can claim to be injured by this decision . 
  anyone can refer to their meat in this fashion . 
  now , if he was marketing his meat as literally being from new york , as opposed to just cut or prepared in some vague `` new york style '' then i guess that he could get in trouble for that , but false advertising and trademark violation still are n't the same thing . 
   that 's like selling boston lobster from the north sea or new york steak from bavaria . 
  but we 'd be okay with that . 
  i mean , it would be kind of an odd thing to do , but not breaking trademarks or anything like that . 
  a new york style steak can be cooked anywhere . 
  why would we want this ? 
  investing in diverse technology is n't exactly a crime . 
  i mean , things certainly * can * be done about it , at least theoretically . 
  it could get banned from doing business in specific countries , it could be cut up and split into different companies , incentives and subsidies could be heavily given to competitors . 
  but screwing over a very successful corporation simply because it 's big is n't something which is going to be very popular . 
  romanticism does n't pay the bills . 
  go back to the pre-industrial era and ask people how romantic things were back then . 
  mass production has been a proverbial godsend to quality of life for much of the world . 
   and sometimes , irish people can be a bit xenophobic , so i do n't see this being well received at all . 
  maybe the idea is to break xenophobia a bit ? 
  while i am mandated by law to criticize europeans about defense spending , i ca n't really see a justification for it . 
  europe has no force projection capability , but it 's still more than strong enough to defend itself from a conventional attack , even before we drag in nato and the us . 
  and when we do drag in the us , things just get silly because there is n't a country in the world which can even pretend to come close to being able to threaten the combined might of the us and europe . 
  as much as it hurts me to say it , and extra funding that europeans put into defense is frankly going to be wasted . 
  for the people who wo n't read the article , russia already had nearly 500 nukes there . 
  adding more obviously is n't really a `` good '' sign , but it 's not exactly a break from the norm here . 
  in addition , the us already has almost 800 in the region . 
  it tends to be kind of brutal . 
  with lots of ... fluids . 
  and lederhosen , of course . 
  violent criminals and drug addicts . 
  and that 's just the politicians . 
  the regular people are still criminals and addicts , just with less money . 
  but what happens when you get more refugees than the village can support , and what happens if the refugees do n't want to leave ? 
  what if the country they 're leaving does n't recover for decades ? 
  i see lots of potential problems with this idea . 
  it 's better than nothing , but it does n't seem that practical . 
  nato can make that exact same argument though . 
  russia might technically have more nukes than america , but we 've still got more than enough to glass the country . 
  long before the two months are up , nato delivers an ultimatum saying `` leave occupied territory or stop existing '' . 
  even ignoring that , i 'm not sure taking the baltics and then threatening nuclear war is a very sound strategic movie . 
  yes russia gets a bit more clay , but then what ? 
  they 're now an international pariah . 
  the value gained from the new territory could never offset the huge losses they 're going to take from a western embargo . 
  that 's not really fair to turkey , since most of the big players in nato are already involved . 
  is this a normal thing ? 
  the headline made it look like 150,000 are getting drafted , but the article seems to imply that this is just a yearly thing that happens in russia once you hit the right age demographic . 
  `` usually '' is the operative term though . 
  as you say , most people are n't criminals , and generally they do n't commit crimes because they do n't have criminal urges . 
  but i 'm pretty sure i 'm not alone when i say that there have been at least a couple of circumstances in my life where i 'd have committed a crime if i thought i could get away with it , or at least thought that the payoff was going to be better than the potential punishment .
