  you act like that 's some pipe dream , but there * has * been some concrete steps towards reconciliation between some of the different churches . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/29/catholic-protestant-baptism-recognize_n_2575915.html the catholic church and many protestant churches have had open dialogue for years about trying to heal some of the rifts from the reformation , and we 've actually seen a little bit of success under benedict and francis . 
  do n't get me wrong , i seriously doubt we 're going to see some grand reunification of all christendom , but if the catholics and protestants can find a bit of common ground , it 's not that weird to think that the roman catholics might find a bit of unity with the orthodox churches . 
  it 's a pretty good book , yes . 
  orwell is pretty commonly accepted as being a great writer . 
  if you think that laws exist in a morally neutral space , you 're kidding yourself . 
  the laws of every nation are shaped by the dominant culture of that nation . 
  if the people of germany believe that racism is a serious problem , and they want to curtail this problem , then it makes perfect sense to make an additional subset of laws addressing criminal actions taken against people of other races/religions/whatever * because * of said differences . 
   of course , but while the intents are important in the understanding of a crime and can affect the sentence , we do not write laws to condemn intents . 
  we write laws to condemn actions . 
  that 's not really true though . 
  we write laws to uphold a certain worldview . 
  why is it illegal to have a polyamorous marriage in america ? 
  because polyamory does not mesh with the moral norms of the population . 
  why is it illegal to publicly display a swastika in germany ? 
  same deal . 
  it 's encouraging people to think in a certain fashion . 
  there are no objective truths when it comes to lawmaking , simply the will of the lawmakers . 
  if a country wants to make a law that says `` thinking about killing all the black people is illegal '' , then they are completely justified in making that law as long as it does n't contradict a preexisting law . 
  if it does contradict a law , then they can change that earlier law to make the new one acceptable . 
  there 's no higher arbiter that confers worthiness . 
  no , it means that intent influences the court 's understanding of a crime . 
  lighting someone 's house on fire because you hate muslims and want to kill them is different from burning a house down for the insurance money for example . 
  i just do n't understand the logic behind the three sects that dropped out . 
  if you do n't show up to the talk , your voice does n't get heard . 
  if they 're really worried about the orthodox community relinquishing power over to the catholics , they should stay and fight against the outcome . 
  letting the other 10 churches make the choices all but assures that they 're going to do something that the 3 missing ones do n't like . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to prove by reposting the link . 
  a mass shooting is when four or more people are killed in a shooting event . 
  you , i , and the government are in agreement on this fact . 
  and using that definition , there have been 18 confirmed mass shootings this year . 
  r/gunsarecool moves the goalpost and redefined the term to come up with the 185 number . 
  you said , and i quote :  there have been 185 mass-shootings in the us this year alone . 
  and then posted a list from r/gunsarecool with 185 shootings . 
  except upon examining the list , almost none of the 185 qualify . 
  only 18 of the 185 , which i highlighted earlier , are actually mass shootings . 
  people already have criticized that sub for exactly the reason mentioned . 
  and seeing as you 're posting blatantly incorrect information , which people are going to assume is true because no one bothers to actually read links , i decided to correct you . 
  yes . 
  and you claimed that there have been 185 mass shootings this year . 
  which is ten times higher than the actual number , which is 18 . 
   4 fatalities not including the gunman , every single day . 
  almost none of those things in your link qualify as mass shootings then . 
  only 14 , 23 , 41 , 44 , 48 , 49 , 59 , 61 , 75 , 77 , 102,106 , 107 , 126 , 138 , 143 , 173 , and 176 have four or more fatalities . 
  using your own definitions , there are less than 10 % as many mass shootings as you stated . 
  and seeing as most of those include the shooter , the actual number is even lower . 
  i know what the title is , but that does n't make it accurate . 
  look at the causes of death . 
  unless they 've been trying to arrest someone using a death note , those heart attacks ca n't really be attributed to criminal activity . 
  it 's fair to say that the cops who were shot , stabbed , assaulted and whatnot were * killed * in the line of duty . 
  the cops who happened to get into car accidents , had heart attacks , cancer , or fell down the stairs just died . 
  they 're two very different things . 
  yeah ... these kinds of crimes do happen here . 
  remember those stories about the catholic priests a few years ago ? 
  or that castro guy who kept kidnapped and raped like 70 people over the years ? 
  we do n't have much in the way of * muslim * rape gangs because we do n't have a lot of muslims . 
  but people are shitty everywhere . 
   the fact that their country is poor ** compared to western europe **, 
  get out of here stalker !, 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  guns are pretty cheap . 
  not that it matters ; poland has a standing army of 120,000 soldiers . 
  they all have guns . 
  the fact that their country is poor compared to western europe does n't change the fact that they can bring a significant amount of force to the table . 
  that list is pretty misleading . 
  it 's a list of all officers who died prior to leaving the police force . 
  i have n't gone through all of the years , but it looks to be that more than half of them from what i 've counted are illness or accidental death . 
  it 's still not good that we 're looking at about 50-100 officers being actually * killed * in the line of duty , but it 's better than what you 'd expect from that inflated list . 
  who moved to america , did most of his work here , patented his phone here , and gained citizenship here . 
  there 's a pretty strong argument to be made for america getting to claim him . 
  a peasant farmer can shoot you just as dead as a rich westerner can . 
  regardless of how much money they have , the fact remains that before any russians could touch germany , they 'd have to fight there way through a hundred thousand polish soldiers first . 
  in and of itself this is already a fairly effective shield , but even more importantly , this would also tie the russians up long enough for a large american mobilization . 
  the germans are nowhere near the hypothetical front lines . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why would you need a kettle ? 
  tea is meant to be iced . 
  there 's only one true way to brew tea . 
  in the boston harbor . 
  good point . 
  as we all know , mentally ill murderers display the pinnacle of rational thought . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  i 'm not seeing anything about brazil in the article . 
  yes , i edited my original post to factor that in . 
  if you look at the breakdown of those numbers , approximately half of the `` below basic '' group does n't speak english , a quarter is above the age of 65 , and another 20 % have multiple handicaps . 
  that is to say , the types of people traditionally left out of literacy statistics . 
  i saw that , but there 's no actual link to the study . 
  and when you search the publications of the national institute of literacy research , no such publication appears in 2015 . http://lincs.ed.gov/professional-development/publications, 
  there 's more than 10 million first generation illegal immigrants in america who come from non english speaking countries . 
  something like a quarter of all our students are esl . 
  additionally , i 'm not so sure that `` staticsbrain.com '' is a very solid source . 
  the national center for educational statistics says that 14 % of the population is `` below basic '' in reading level , but that is not only not the same thing as illiteracy , it includes the massive amount of our population that just does n't speak english . 
  edit : upon further review , it * also * includes people too old and senile to read the test , and people too mentally handicapped to do so . 
  26 % of the `` below basic '' group is over 65 , 21 percent has multiple mental handicaps . 
  source here . 
  skip to the bottom for spark notes . 
  http://nces.ed.gov/naal/kf_demographics.asp i 've also found studies which show fairly high illiteracy rates in both france and germany for example . 
  it 's not a uniquely american thing . 
  this is what you said . 
   they joined both very late and lost relatively few men unlike the rest i was pointing out that that was bullshit .
