  going from the wiki pages , they seem to be different things , with the same kind of goal . 
  the eurocorps predates the battle groups . 
  having fossil fuels from russia cut off ( either through an eu sanction or a russian embargo ) would be very bad for both the eu and for russia , though probably worse for russia . 
  much of the russian economy is based around exporting these goods , and might collapse if the flow was cut . 
  i do n't really think it 'll happen though . 
  there will be threats , and there might be a drop in fuel imports or a spike in fuel prices , but it 'll hurt each side too much to be realistic . 
  it 's cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  it should probably be pointed out that these two things are unrelated . 
  the article shifts gears halfway though , going from talking about the sanctions to the troop buildup on the ukrainian border . 
  the eu is mad about the sanctions , and nato thinks that the 20,000 soldiers on the border indicate a potential invasion . 
  the sanctions are n't considered a prelude to an invasion of any nato territory , as the title implies . 
  that does n't seem like very much money for the amount of work involved . 
  i completely believe that nukes kept the cold war from going hot . 
  mad has forced the advent of proxy wars , coups , propaganda , and manipulation , but as bad as that is , it 's much less terrible than a real world war iii scenario . 
  if russia attacks ukraine , there will be a war between ukraine and russia . 
  it wo n't spread further out than that . 
  no western countries are obligated to defend ukraine , which is largely why russia is picking on them . 
  you 'll see more sanctions , you 'll see lots of angry rhetoric , you might even see a few states in europe start to up defense spending a bit . 
  countries which are friendly with nato but not official members might consider joining more seriously . 
  but there 's not going to be world war iii . 
  well , it exists , but it 's not as magical as we 'd hope . 
  from what i understand , they cut some of the tissue so that it extends more when flaccid . 
  the surgery does n't really increase the length of an erection . 
  it 's good for showing off in the locker room , but that 's about it . 
  there 's also another kind of surgery , which is basically a localized liposuction around the penis , which will make it look bigger by getting rid of some fat which might hide a few inches . 
  again , does n't actually change the size , but it * looks * bigger * . 
  ... or so i heard . 
  that 's exactly it though . 
  russia 's just a two-bit regional power now . 
  they ( the people who miss the ussr ) miss being somebody . 
  thirty years ago they were contenders for the spot of world leader , and now they 're a joke to their former rivals . 
  even though day to day life was probably worse , nostalgia glosses over those problematic little details . 
  edited for clarity, 
  how does this compare to everywhere else ? 
  i ca n't read spanish . 
  last i heard , the us was looking for alternatives to cruise missiles because they 're just so expensive . 
  they 're trying to replace the high speed payload aspect of cruise missiles with railguns , and the targeting and guidance with drones . 
  it was really bad on 9/12 , but it 's long since died down . 
  9/11 was more than a decade ago . 
  it seems that your browser is communist . 
  we 'll send out some ** freedom ** to fix the problem shortly . 
  the line that usually gets fed about why it 's harder for muslims to integrate in europe is that the muslims who go to america are already more westernized . 
  traveling half way around the world takes a lot of money , and to have money you usually need a decent job , and people with decent jobs tend to be well educated and more politically mild . 
  europe 's a lot closer to the middle east though , so it 's easier for both radicals and the poor to move . 
  in addition , because of the strength of the welfare state in most of europe , the immigrants are viewed as being excessive drains on resources . 
  so taking this interpretation , muslims in europe are more akin to our mexicans . 
  i 'm not really sure how true that interpretation is though . 
  going from how things look online , there 's * a lot * of unwarranted vitriol in europe towards muslims , which does n't really have a great analogue in the us . 
  of course , the internet makes everything look terrible , so i have no idea what the reality is like . 
  edit : well , that 's the line that gets fed by people who * are n't * crazy . 
  i do n't know if i buy it , but it 's a stronger argument then all of the `` hurr durr religion of peace terrorists '' types which tend to pop up in these discussions . 
  edit 2 , electric boogaloo : it should also be pointed out that muslims only account for about 1 % of the population in the us , which is lower than in many european countries . 
  while i do n't personally think that it matters , i ca n't actually back up that claim with data . 
  it * could * force everyone to wear purple dresses on tuesdays while singing songs from rent . 
  it obviously wo n't , but with the magic of noncommittal phrases like `` could '' , you can imply anything . 
  the article does n't actually explain * how * this is supposed to happen . 
  the absolute worst possibility is that completely private universities will be * allowed * , and even that 's quite a bit of a stretch . 
  if also fails to explain * why * education in the uk would become completely and permanently privatized , when that 's not even the case in the us . 
  putin 's gone too fucking far this time . 
  it 's one thing to destabilize neighbors and declare illegal wars . 
  but when you mess with the golden arches , you mess with america !, 
  it was a failing , without question . 
  but we 've at least learned from it over the past 50 years . 
  nothing anywhere close to that serious has happened since . 
  there have been apologies and restitution , and even if it does n't actually make things right , it 's a step . 
  do we fall ? 
  yes . 
  it happens , and it 'll keep happening in the future . 
  but compare the american internment camps of the world war ii era to the relocation of the native americans , and then compare that to slavery . 
  as time goes on , the continual fuckups get less bad , and it 's because there 's a continuous commitment to these made up human rights ideas . 
  well , yes , but that 's true of just about anything in society . 
  even if we changed them from human right to laws ( real laws , not un declarations ) , they still would n't be beyond reproach because laws change . 
  i do n't think we need to worry about them going away any time soon though . 
  they shift and wavier , and sometimes can warp in ways which we might not agree with , but they 're still at the bedrock of most societies , and the number grows each year . 
  we 'll never be completely rid of insane dictators and theocracies , and people will always disagree about which rights trump others , but there 's always progress . 
  what 's the point of having a parade if there are n't any dildos ? 
  well , human rights do n't `` exist '' in the same way that a book , or a pineapple exist . 
  they 're an idea , just words and customs . 
  but that does n't make them unimportant . 
  almost the entirety of the human condition is ignoring nature in favor of artificial things we create ourselves , and that 's not a bad thing . 
  they 're real because we say they are . 
  you still have n't explained how it 's propaganda . 
  who the hell thinks that anarchy is a good idea ? 
  there are a couple of nutjobs , but there 's no serious following just about anywhere . 
  saying `` anarchy is bad '' is n't that far of a reach for the hollywood propaganda machine . 
  even disregarding that though , even if it was propaganda , it 's pretty shitty propaganda because in-universe , the anarchy works . 
  the annual purge has had amazing benefits for the country as a whole , reducing crime , improving the economy , and so on . 
  a leader doing things you do n't agree with is not the same thing as a despot . 
  came here for the propaganda , stayed for that sweet , sweet veal, 
  except for how they do n't . 
  in terms of raw numbers , training , and equipment , russia is outgunned ( sorry for the pun ) by nato by a pretty wide margin . 
  it 's because they 're afraid of competition , and it 's a legitimate concern . 
  in most of the other free trade agreements , the eu clearly has the upper hand in the agreement . 
  they 're in a position of strength because they have a much larger economy and generally more developed industries . 
  that 's not the case with the us though . 
  america is basically on even footing , maybe even a bit better because america is a single country while the eu is a union . 
  this means that , at least theoretically , it could muscle european companies out of the market . 
  making matters worse , the fact that we do n't really know anything about the agreement means that everyone in every industry has cause for alarm . 
  if you 're in a field which could even theoretically be serviced by someone across the atlantic , you 've got reason to believe that you 're about to take a hit . 
  of course , the flip side of the coin is that eu companies will presumably get access to the american market , which could be quite lucrative .
