  every government in europe condemned america for the spying scandal , but once it came to light that damn near every government was either actively funneling the americans data or allowing them to operate unhindered , those complaints started to evaporate . 
  the politicians were n't mad that the americans were spying , they were mad that the americans got caught . 
  even if they did start to identify as `` european '' it just means that the object of their nationality has shifted . 
  europe becomes the new nation . 
  turkey is also currently a massive roadblock for millions of migrants . 
  kicking them out of nato will really open the floodgates . 
  yes , so pathetic . 
  how * dare * a country ask its people if they want to be part of a foreign political bloc . 
  that 's true , but it 's not really applicable in this case . 
  america and germany are both wealthy , stable , and well developed economies . 
  if americans are buying more german products , it 's largely because germany is producing products we want at competitive prices , not because they 're engaged in shady deals or are strongarming americans out of the market . 
  so we buy their products . 
  exactly . 
  is it within our power to force radical change in the eu , or force britain to remain ? 
  from a technical standpoint , probably . 
  would it be so overwhelmingly unpopular that we would not get any benefit from it at all ? 
  definitely . 
  as long as the states of europe do n't get insanely out of hand , what they do is their concern . 
  it 's not our place to infringe on their sovereignty and force our will on them . 
  edit : i accidentally a word, 
  i 'm not making a value judgement here , just confirming that , going by size , germany 's military is smaller than those of comparably sized states . 
  it really depends on what you 're looking for , but you can find guns for really cheap , especially if you 're willing to buy used . 
  with a bit of luck you can get a crappy plinking rifle for less than $ 100 . 
  for a few hundred you can get a decent shotgun , and then for a few hundred more you can get some middle of the road handguns and rifles . 
  if you 're looking to get something really nice you might be looking at upwards of $ 1,000 , but if you 're not too picky you can do a lot cheaper . 
  germany , with a population of 80 million , has a military with 186,000 people . 
  france , with a population of 66 million , has a military of 220,000 . 
  italy , with 60 million people , has 176,000 soldiers . 
  poland is at 40 million people and 100,000 soldiers , while britain is at 65 million and 170,000 respectively . 
  having 350k soldiers would put germany at roughly the same ratio of soldiers to civilians as france . 
  present day germany is closer to ireland . 
  and crappy . 
  and unamerican . 
  i have absolutely no idea what i 'm looking at here . 
  was this supposed to be a reply inside of a preexisting thread or something op ? 
  so many fries, 
  it 's the food and portions . 
  if you give people nine times as many burgers as they actually need for each meal , the americanism fuses with the fat in their blood . 
  that 's my point . 
  the word does n't really mean the same thing in the american context . 
  you can only be a first generation immigrant though . 
  if someone 's born here ( barring a few very specific circumstances ) , they are a true-blooded american citizen . 
  and the overwhelming majority of people here right now are n't first generation immigrants . 
  yes , but with cuba the soviets had limited first-strike capabilities . 
  they had enough autonomy to make ruling them more difficult by the day . 
  they were n't really independent in the same way that `` real '' countries were , but centralized control was definitely eroded . 
  australia is 2000 miles from anywhere else in the world . 
  they can get away with their policies because they ca n't possibly have the flow that europe is subject to . 
  the eu has more than a million people to deal with . 
  austrailia has about 20,000 . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the same reason we do n't see hordes of middle eastern migrants coming here . 
  the ocean is one hell of a deterrent . 
  yes , the lack of nationalism in creating a european * nation * is a bit of an issue . 
  the eu is kind of at cross purposes with itself ; is it going to be a country , or is it just an economic bloc ? 
  just about every country views the eu as a means to an end , a way to game the system and draw in more business/resources/whatever . 
  the success of the eu , in and of itself , is not actually a goal . 
  that said , it 's not an issue which really * needs * to be resolved immediately . 
  i know it 's a common comparison , but the eu of today has a lot in common with america under the articles of confederation ; a bunch of loosely semi-aligned states who are looking out for their own good ahead of their compatriots . 
  even once we ditched the articles , it was nearly a century before we * really * could be called united . 
  the eu is in its infancy . 
  there 's still a lot of time for the eu to solidify into an actual federation ( which in my opinion , is where the eu leaders want it to go ) . 
  make our own corpses , loot our own plunder !, 
  that 's a very good point , except for the fact that it 's factually incorrect according to the doj . 
  the study is a little dated at this point ( it runs from 2003 to 2007 ) but it still illustrates the point . 
  http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/vdhb.pdf the overwhelming majority of buglars intentionally strike when they know that no one is around , because they do n't want a fight . 
  72 % of burglaries occur when no one is present . 
  burglars only inflict violence around 7 % of the time . 
  when violence * is * inflicted by burglars , 61 % of the time they are unarmed . 
  only 12 % of the time were firearms involved . 
  so just doing some back of the envelope calculations , if someone breaks into your house , you 've got slightly less than a 1 % chance of being shot . 
  america has counties and states . 
  i * think * what u/wcctnoam means is that america as a whole should be compared to europe as a whole , american states should be compared to european countries , and american counties should be compared to territories/regions within european countries . 
  not to sound trollish , but ... 
  the us is really bad when compared to europe ( we 've got 3 times the homicide rate of most western european countries ) , but that 's because modern day western europe is almost freakishly peaceful . 
  according to the un , even with all of our guns , the homicide rate in america was 3.8 per 100k people in 2013 . 
  the average global rate is 6.2 . 
  average for europe is 3.0 , and western/northern europe are about 1.0 . 
  so unless we 're making the moral argument that gun violence is inherently worse than other forms of violence , the gun violence problem is n't really an epidemic . 
  edit : and bfore the butthurt brigade comes , i 'm * not * saying that guns are n't actually an issue . 
  i just want to give some perspective about just * how * unsafe the rest of the world is on average ,, 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say `` numbers '' . 
  according to the article , * finland * has more than 160,000 applicants . 
  canada meanwhile , is at 25,000 . 
  additionally , there 's the atlantic ocean to consider . 
  getting from the middle east to europe is n't that hard . 
  getting to canada is . 
  for the most part , if you 're coming from syria to canada , you 're probably going through official , or at least highly monitored channels . 
  at any given time , the canadians can say `` no '' , and then that 's the end of your journey . 
  if you 're trying to go to germany , and the german government says `` no '' , then you can just walk there anyway . 
  as soon as you 've made it past eu borders , there 's no one there to stop you from reaching whatever destination in mind . 
  people speak english almost everywhere . 
  it was just a hypothetical . 
  i saw a giant billboard advertisement on the pike for these things last month . 
  apparently they 're popular in central massachusetts too . 
  additionally , there is also a florida city in the state of florida . 
  for some reason . 
  no , i was referring to the fact that shooting up in the air is dangerous , especially if you 're in a city . 
  shooting at any target that does n't have a sturdy backstop behind it is unsafe . 
  while people being injured or killed by falling bullets is n't exactly common , it 's also far from unheard of .
