  the us accounts for literally like a fifth of the global economy . 
  the consequences of cutting america off would be absolutely catastrophic for a significant amount of the planet . 
  further , as the article itself points out , a good chunk of the world relies on the us for national security reasons , so without a serious shift in geopolitics , there 's no way anyone 's going to sabotage themselves just to spite the us . 
  despite how much coverage they get in world affairs , most of the middle east basically consists of microstates . 
  bahrain has a million people . 
  qatar has 2 . 
  kuwait has 3 . 
  oman and palestine are at 4 . 
  israel , uae , jordan , lebanon , and oman are all below 10 . 
  even yemen , saudi arabia , and lebanon are all at like 30 million , which is big , but not exactly global power big . 
  i mean , in the long term you might be correct , but this article is talking about the present and immediate future . 
  it 's just flat out unrealistic to assume that the entire world would completely cut ties with the us over symbolically withdrawing from a nonbinding agreement . 
  though again , i 'm pretty sure that merkel * was n't * actually anticipating any such thing , and spiegel is making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  wow , it 's almost like countries have to contend with multiple policy issues which sometimes leads to compromise . 
  who knew ? 
  more importantly though , this article is really dumb and sensationalist on two counts : 1 : the alliance is n't really crumbling . 
  as far as i know , everyone besides us is still sticking to the agreement . 
  if canada , britain and japan actually bailed on the paris agreement that would be one thing , but simply refusing to engage in pointless dickwaving is n't really much of a cause for concern . 
  2 : more importantly , i seriously doubt it was merkel 's plan to actually try and isolate the us from all global affairs . 
  if it was , it was a mindbogglingly stupid plan , because it 's impossible . 
  the us wields about as much clout as the rest of the g-20 combined , for good or ill it 's impossible to ignore . 
  half of countries on an individual basis , not the entire lower half put together . 
  i mean , i was being a bit tongue in cheek there , but the point is that it 's actually a good sign . 
  it means that despite the us officially pulling out the situation is n't completely unsalvageable , because even a handful of american states opting back in will have an appreciable impact . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , there are currently 11 other governors who have pledged to keep their states in line with the paris agreement outlines . 
  obviously not as good as all 50 , but it 's something . 
  joke 's on you , i knew a guy in college who went go guangzhou once , so i * do * know about it !, 
  and those two dozen other cities which are just as large that i do n't know about dont count . 
  because halfway through typing i decided to change what i was writing , and i think that proofreading is for communists . 
  though i guess if you 're from california it would make you feel better . 
  is n't texas one of the biggest producers of wind and solar power in the nation ? 
  somewhat surprisingly , they really doubled down on green power generation . 
  if it makes you feel better , by pretty much every conceivable metric california is * more * important than all but a handful of eu countries . 
  it has a population larger than poland , and an economy as large as france . 
  hell , with 23,000 active members , the california national guard alone is larger than fully half of the armed forces in europe . 
  their very name is deceptive . 
  they ca n't be trusted . 
  technically it 's not `` imperial '' it 's `` american customary measures '' . 
  imperial actually has a few differences , such as how big a gallon is . 
  there 's two problems with this assessment . 
  first and most obvious , it 's * not * that the eu is bypassing the american federal government and wooing the states ; the states have told the feds to fuck off , and are willingly adopting the paris policies of their own accord . 
  the eu is n't trying to divide and conquer , or drag american states along . 
  second and more importantly these are n't really negotiations . 
  they 're more nonbinding agreements of intent . 
  yeah , spoken like a true shill of big foreskin . 
  wake up sheepenis . 
  the number of times that sort of thing has happened can be counted on one hand . 
  literally . 
  in the us , which has a slain cop rate more than ten times higher than most european states per capita , an average of * three * have their guns stolen each year after being killed https://ucr.fbi.gov/leoka/2013/officers-feloniously-killed and i 've literally never heard of an example of a cop being beaten/stabbed to death , and then having his gun used to kill other people . 
  i mean , yes , theoretically it could happen . 
  but despite what movies tell you , it 's * really * hard to instantly incapacitate or kill someone using a melee weapon . 
  it usually just winds up with the attacker getting shot . 
  it 's not like `` i 'm going to steal a gun '' is a novel concept . 
  but it 's just easier to do things like hit people with cars than it is to ambush cops . 
  it has n't been a serious problem . 
  even in the us , which typically has about two orders of magnitude more cop killings than most european nations , the guns stolen from slain cops each year are in the single digits . 
  there were 3 stolen in 2015 , 6 in 2014 , 2 in 2013 and 3 in 2012 according to the fbi https://ucr.fbi.gov/leoka/2015/officers-feloniously-killed ( just replace 2015 with whatever year you want to confirm ) . 
   several times . 
  go a and google it . 
  it 's pretty common in the us . 
  if by `` pretty common '' you mean `` happens about twice a year '' , then yes , pretty common https://ucr.fbi.gov/leoka/2013/officers-feloniously-killed, 
  ~ ~ you are completely full of shit . ~ ~ that was unnecessarily douchy , sorry . 
  but still , i do n't think you have a leg to stand on . 
  there have been cases where cops have been killed and had their guns stolen , but there have also been cases where people have been killed by frozen balls of piss falling off of airplanes . 
  to assert that it 's an even remotely common thing is absurd . 
  even in the us , which has a homicide rate about 4 times higher than most of europe , cop killings are exceedingly rare ; the average homicide rate is actually higher than the active death rate for cops on the whole . 
  nation-wide , less than 150 cops are killed in america each year , and the majority of which are due to things like car accidents . 
  of the ones who are intentionally killed by criminals , nearly * all * are killed with guns . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36748136 and guess what ? 
  if you shot a cop you do n't need to steal his gun , because you * already have a gun * . 
  `` but u/bobdole302 '' you might say `` that 's america , a third world shithole . 
  of course the criminals there do n't stab cops , everyone already carries their m-16s to school ! '', 
  and right you are . 
  so let 's look at glorious yurop now . 
  here 's a complete list of * every * metropolitan police officer killed in the line of duty since 1946 . http://www.policememorial.org.uk/index.php?page=metropolitan-police you 'll note that exactly eight have been stabbed to death in the last 70 years . 
  in france meanwhile , about a dozen cops die in the line of duty each year , ( http://www.rawstory.com/2017/04/in-france-police-officer-killings-are-rare/ ) and again , they 're not usually stabbed . 
  and when they are stabbed , as has happened in a few high profile cases in the last couple of years , you 'll note that the killers * did n't * steal their guns . 
  i have n't had much luck finding hard numbers about germany because i ca n't speak german , but seeing as the german police have yearly kill counts in the single digits , http://www.dw.com/en/why-german-police-officers-rarely-reach-for-their-guns/a-17884779 it 's probably a safe bet that we do n't have many examples of them being killed and having their guns stolen either . 
  edit 2 : i legitimately have never heard of a case where someone has stabbed a cop , stolen his gun , and then used it to go on a shooting spree . 
  do you have any examples ? 
  reliable information is pretty hard to come by , and i 'm pretty sure that u/thinpol is pulling from the same source that i am , or he 's reading wikipedia which just copied and pasted the whole thing . 
  i 'll just cut out the middleman and post it here : http://www.oldpolicecellsmuseum.org.uk/page/firearms in any event , it appears that going all the way back to the 1700s , captains of squads were regularly armed . 
  prior to 1884 cops were armed intermittently . 
  after 84 they could request arms . 
  additionally , cops who were actually working of specific tasks , such as escorts or watch duty , were regularly armed , though most beat cops were not without reason . 
  so yeah , not all cops all the time , but still far from irregular . 
  after a quick google , it seems that the practice of routinely arming london officers ended in 1936 . 
  i do n't know if there was a time when every cop always had a gun like in the us , but prior to 36 it would n't have exactly been rare to see a regular officer with one . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  the london metropolitan police used to carry webley 's back in the 30s , so you could give them those . 
  finding * bullets * for them might be kind of tough nowadays , but brpy never said anything about ammo . 
  even ethically , it 's kind of shaky ground to just say that one option is less moral than the other , at least hypothetically . 
  if these people are enough of a problem that there 's serious concern that they 're going to come back to france and start murdering people , is it really okay to just revoke their citizenship and say `` whelp , they ca n't come back to france , problem solved ! '' ? 
  even if we say hypothetically that the eu has perfect border security and revoking the passport would keep them out forever , it 's not like they 're going to just hang up their aks and give up that whole terrorism thing . 
  they 're just going to kill people somewhere else . 
  if they 're actual threats to innocent people , killing them is probably * less * unethical than just taking away citizenship . 
  but the caveat of course is that that 's one hell of an * if * . 
  because if they were really just going to spend their whole lives sitting a basement shitposting on the internet about infidels , then it 's just a flat out extrajudicial murder . 
  would it change ? 
  the allies were n't too keen on defending the eastern europeans from the nazis or the soviets , and that was * before * nuclear weapons .
