  yeah that 's kind of what i figured . 
  just admit you did n't bother reading the article . 
  not only did the kid not commit a crime , instagram is intentionally encouraging people to do these sorts of things . 
  they * want * people to probe for weaknesses and then turn them in for a reward so they can get fixed , instead of letting people with malicious intent do actual damage . 
  what crime are you talking about ? 
  kid discovers flaw in program , immediately informs owners so they can fix it . 
  it 's apparently available in `` 50 million homes '' here . 
  i have never heard of it either . 
   - why is america afraid of highlanders ? 
  did you * see * highlander 2 ? 
  it was awful . 
  but also , wat . 
  you were also completely surrounded by nato , so it 's not like anyone could have attacked you without triggering a nato response first anyway . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  as an america , i understand all too well how hard it is to keep track of the * specific * reasons everyone hates us . 
  it seems like a reasonable question to ask if you want a more complete answer than `` soviet union '' . 
  you 've got it all wrong !, 
  they just said that talks would stop . 
  clearly , this must mean that negotiations have finished and terms are accepted !, 
   i believe in the us they call people like that `` y' all qaeda '' . 
  i have literally never heard that phrase once in my life , but i 'm going to start using it now . 
  it 's perfect . 
  he 's also full of shit . 
  there 's 20 states with populations larger than denmark , 11 bigger than austria . 
  california 's got more than poland , there 's 40 bigger than estonia , and all 50 are bigger than malta and luxemborg . 
  strength comes from being into space . 
  once you can the space , you can be stronk . 
  oh , that makes sense . 
  til . 
  the issue is that people are worried the germans will build all the tanks , make all the money , and do none of the fighting . 
   at least they learned their lesson far quicker than the eu seems to . 
  we did n't learn shit . 
  it was almost a full * century * before we unambiguously worked out that the federal government took precedent over state governments . 
  and that took a war which was worse than almost all of our other wars * combined * . 
  it 's not all sunshine and roses in the eu , but it 's pretty disingenuous to paint them as incompetent this new into their history . 
  seriously . 
  the majority of our population spent most of their lives waiting for the russians to nuke us out of existence . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone over the age of 10 that thinks a fight with russia would be easy . 
  hell , i 'd wager that most people actually * over * estimate how strong the russians are ; they 're not in their soviet heyday anymore . 
  this is * way * less crazy than most of the other ones . 
  it 's actually kind of a let down . 
  also , what does `` hr '' mean ? 
  do people just hit random keys when they get to croatia ? 
  the issue is n't the name though . 
  in my opinion , one of the biggest issues which the eu as an institution is facing is one of identity . 
  the idea of a united europe ( federally or otherwise ) taking precedent over national affiliations is a pretty difficult thing for a lot of people to swallow . 
  already the eu is hamstrung by the fact that there are 28 competing visions for the future . 
  and that 's just in europe . 
  they 've got 2000 years of shared history . 
  the ties that bind people together become even more abstract the further out you get . 
  places like canada and australia seem to have just as much ( if not more ) in common with the rest of the anglosphere as they do with europe . 
  somewhere like japan would be even further out , and i 've already gone over the issues with letting america in . 
  at some point , you wind up with just a clone of the un ; too big , too diverse to actually agree on anything at all . 
  your own government puts the number closer to 36 million . 
  http://archive.treasury.gov.au/igr/igr2010/overview/pdf/igr_2010_overview.pdf ( pdf warning ) . 
  even if the number from sbs is accurate though , neither are really world shattering . 
  it 's adding two more upper-middling sized states to the eu ( and ~ ~ zoidberg ~ ~ new zealand ) . 
  the canada and australia of 30 years from now would still only be the 6th and 7th biggest states in the eu of today . 
  they would n't be trivial additions to the eu , obviously . 
  together they 'd be increasing the size of the union by like 20 % . 
  but the idea that both of them together , let alone individually , would rival the eu is absurd . 
  true , but cyprus is basically a microstate . 
  it 's also in the ocean between asia and europe , so you can squint your eyes and claim that it 's got some relation to europe . 
  adding a very large country which shares absolutely no proximity with anything even remotely resembling europe is a whole new precedent . 
  where are you getting this information ? 
  i know growth predictions are n't really the most accurate things , especially 40 years down the pipe , but i have n't seen anyone predicting anything other than modest economic and population growth . 
  if either of those countries manage to rival the eu , it 's going to be because the eu collapses , not because they make leaps and bounds . 
  `` long term growth prospects '' ? 
  put together , those three countries do n't even have the population of france , and their total gdp is less than germany . 
  unless the long term you mean is three centuries down the road , i do n't think any of these states are expected to have any major population or economic spikes in the next 40 years , certainly not enough to compete with the whole eu . 
  edit : unless of course you mean that any growth at all will disrupt the balance of the eu , because the eu is so unbalanced . 
  which i guess is probably true , but that problem is kind of tangential . 
  how would any of those countries destroy the current balance ? 
  america would account for 1/3 of the eu population , 1/2 of gdp , and the majority of the military force . 
  it would also be an even stronger core for the anti-federalists to coalesce around than the uk . 
  * that * would destroy the balance . 
  canada , australia , and new zealand are all much closer in line with the other eu members . 
  the biggest issue would probably be the precedent set by adding states from outside of europe into the * european * union . 
  explain to me how i 'm wrong . 
  we do n't even need to look back that far . 
  look at iraq and afghanistan during the american invasion . 
  the majority of american deaths did n't come from combat with regular military forces , but from bombs and ambushed by insurgents . 
  there 's no way a bunch of civilians with civilian weapons will outright defeat or conquer a modern military . 
  if they decide that genocide is the way to go , the professional military could probably pull it off . 
  but if the goal is n't pure mustache twirling villainy , armed citizens can * certainly * make administration utterly impossible . 
  not sure if trolling or stupid . 
  guns do n't care who is pulling the trigger . 
  a bullet fired by a child will kill you just as dead as a bullet fired by an adult . 
  further , sending in ground troops to fight ground troops who do n't have any air defense is just poor tactics . 
  it does n't matter if you 'd have a 100:1 kill/death ratio . 
  why take any risk at all if you can just use a bomb and take them all out without any loss of life on your own side ? 
  the video in the second link that op posted is broken , but the pictures alone look cool as hell . 
  * this * is what we wanted when we asked for hoverboards . 
  not those idiotic segways with the handles removed . 
  the overwhelming majoirty of shootings in america take place with cheap , unmodified , low power , low capacity handguns . 
  you are literally 20 times more likely to be shot with a pistol than with a rifle of any sort , let alone one which is stereotypically used by one of your `` gun fetishists '' . 
  https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2011/crime-in-the-u.s.-2011/tables/expanded-homicide-data-table-8 those asshats who bring their ar-15s to mcdonalds and drop $ 20,000 on a tacticool .50 sniper rifle with three different scopes , bayonet lug , and underbarrel flare launcher are still asshats , but on average they 're not the ones who are going out and shooting people . 
  implying that people live in idaho . 
  corn is n't people . 
  that we did .
