  more americans died fighting for europe than most individual european countries did . 
  smugly mocking supposed american ignorance of the wars while also being ignorant of actual contributions is something worth calling out . 
  only japan , germany , china , and russia lost more soldiers than the americans did . 
  the americans lost over 400,000 soldiers fighting in world war ii . 
  france was at about 200,000 . 
  britain was 380,000 . 
  we did n't have the same civilian cost , but if you think that the americans did n't contribute you need to pull your head out of your ass . 
  the war was n't our problem , and we * still * did more fighting than any of the allies other than the soviet union . 
  their spot should go to another european country which is unjustly not represented . 
  australia . 
  mcdonalds master race . 
  i 'm sorry england , i ca n't hear you over the sound of our 1-1 victory in the world cup . 
  violently repressive , expansionist , self-serving governments bolstered by a cult of personality , with rejection of the rights and values of the individual in favor of the central authority . 
  it applies to both fascism and communism in the real world . 
  yes , on the ideological level they claim to be two very different things . 
  but again , in practice , they resemble each other more than anything else . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  horseshoe theory has a silly name , but that does n't make it wrong . 
  fascism and communism * are * the same thing in the practical realm . 
  speaking theoretically , yes , they are very distinct entities . 
  here on earth though , the differences between communist states and fascist states are fairly cosmetic . 
  despite nominally being on the far right and left , they 've got more in common with each other than either of them do with political/economic systems which are closer to the center . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but it seems to me that the definition of `` multiculturalism '' varies depending on where you go . 
  in the us ( at least in my opinion ) it means that you can be multiple things at once . 
  you can be an american * and * a mexican . 
  you can be american * and * muslim . 
  you can be american * and * french . 
  you can keep your own cultural traditions which are distinct from the usual american ones , but as long as you also buy into the regular american things as well , no one bats an eye . 
  it 's not completely true of course ; we still have lots of racists , and lots of `` no true scotsman '' type fallacies from people , but for the most part , as long as you 're not doing things which run in direct opposition to the american identity , it 's fine . 
  when people talk about multiculturalism in europe though , it always seems to take a `` one or the other '' approach . 
  you have to choose between being x or y , and the problem is that a lot of people are picking y instead of x. 
   maybe you hypothesise that they vote against their interest because of lack of awareness of this fact ? 
  i think that 's what he 's going for . 
  the reddest states , the ones that decry the federal government and income redistribution , also tend to be the most heavily subsidized . 
  now , maybe the poor states that only get by due to subsidies taken from other states really are getting that money shoved down their throats against their will . 
  more likely , it 's hypocrisy mixed with lack of political awareness . 
  that 's just it though . 
  right or wrong , the british * are * making a concrete in/out choice within the next few days . 
  giving people until the agreed upon time to make their decision is just how democracy works . 
  there 's not any way to get it done faster . 
  the statement `` make up your mind already '' would have made sense , say , five years ago . 
  but right now it 's kind of nonsensical . 
  `` just leave already . '', 
  the referendum is literally in less than two weeks . 
  what else do you want from them ? 
  that 's a rediculous argument for lots of reasons . 
  at the most basic level , these new bans are targeting weapons which * have n't * been used by the terrorists lately . 
  fully automatic aks were already illegal in france . 
  banning semi-automatic civilian guns would n't have changed the attack . 
  hell , making all semi-automatic , single action , and muzzle loading guns magically disappear would n't have stopped the terrorist attack . 
  terrorists are n't using legally purchased civilian grade firearms , they 're using smuggled military weapons . 
  cracking down on what civilians are able to own is n't going to help . 
  making the legal civilian pool smaller does not have any impact on the huge illegal pool outside the border . 
   kidnap and torturing for her state . 
  she deserves a short , sharp drop in the ** hague ** . 
  also because australia is in the middle of fucking nowhere . 
  the numbers of people heading there are much smaller than in europe because it 's physically much more difficult to get there . 
  if europe was a thousand miles away from the middle east , then paying a small country to host the 100,000 people who showed up might be viable . 
  but seeing as they 're * not * separated by geography and there are millions of migrants showing up , bribing someone else to take them all really is n't plausible . 
  does n't seem likely to happen . 
  the us does n't recognize the authority of the hague , and in 2002 passed a law clarifying that the federal government can and would protect americans who are taken by the icc . 
  for anyone that thinks u/marburgde is kidding ... gas in my town is $ 2.29 per gallon , which is almost exactly 2 euros . 
  a gallon is like 3.75 liters , so without having to do actual math , that 's about 0.55 euro/liter . 
  and of course , gas is expensive right now . 
  a few months ago , it was well below $ 2/gallon . 
  yeah , people are mocking how small the number is , but that 's still a ton of money . 
  gas in italy is like what , 1.4 euro/liter ? 
  .4 euro/liter is like a quarter of the cost if my math is right . 
  there 's basically nowhere in western europe that does n't have a lower homicide rate than america . 
  logically , none of us should be afraid to go anywhere in europe . 
  but the * perception * of danger is more important . 
  and both britain and france * look * more dangerous now depending on what international news stories you happen to pick up . 
  yes . 
  that sounds exactly like america . 
  source : my gun got raped while watching the in-flight movie on a mexican plane . 
  you 're not totally wrong , but burning 100m per year on something which is objectively moronic does n't really inspire much faith in the competence of the eu . 
  who would want to give them more money when they 're squandering what they 've already got ? 
  the article says hunting rifle , and the implication is that the injuries were caused by broken glass , not the bullets themselves . 
  the us is n't encircling russia . 
  these countries joined of their own free will . 
  besides , this `` promise '' that russians keep trotting out whenever the subject comes up did n't exist . 
  there 's no binding statute , treaty , or policy which affirms it . 
  it 's just not a thing . 
  and of course , countries joining nato is a direct result of russian/soviet aggression in not too recent history . 
   there will never , ever be a war to gain control of the baltics in our lifetime . 
  what makes you so sure of that ? 
  while i 'm also of the opinion that war is unlikely , that does n't make it impossible . 
   and no way will my children ever die in a miserable field somewhere in the north-east of europe for some nato bullshit . 
  you mean russian bullshit . 
  the baltics joined nato of their own free will . 
  if there 's any fighting there , it 's because of russia invading them . 
  there were still soviet soldiers in the baltics until the 1990s . 
  being afraid of a country that spent a better part of a century occupying you , and only left a generation ago does n't really count as paranoia . 
  it 's a pretty rational fear . 
   i just ca n't understand anyone who sincerely believes that russia will roll the tanks into warsaw . 
  utterly deluded and the russian people have zero interest in another round of total warfare with the west . 
  what 's the old saying ? 
  `` if you want peace , prepare for war '' ? 
  just because it seems insane that russia would try to invade , it 's still something which warrants having contingency plans . 
   and what do the balts expect - that putin will risk thermonuclear war for the prize of tallinn ?
