  future generations are going to be saddled with the shit we leave them regardless of what happens . 
  for the time being , our only real options for power generation are fossil fuels and nuclear . 
  they 've both got downsides , but until we figure out how to make fusion practical ( it 's just five years away !, 
  ) , or have some really big leaps in solar/wind efficiency , it 's all we 've really got . 
  i think a bit of nuclear waste would probably be the lesser of the two evils . 
  russia daring to kill any american soldiers `` is simply not in the cards regardless of anything because of that country 's ability to destroy the world . '', 
  the us has a big ass stockpile of nuclear weapons too , as well as a partially function missile defense system , and many more delivery systems . 
  neither side is going to risk attacking the other . 
  russia is never going to try to expand into a nato nation , at least not any time in the foreseeable future . 
  it 's an old copypasta that he edited for some uk flavor . 
  i think he did a pretty good job of it . 
  i think the french navy might actually be larger than the royal navy . 
  according to wikipedia , the french navy has twice as many carriers ( 4 to 2 ) and more aircraft . 
  either way , both countries still seem to be fairly close in power . 
  maybe one side has a slight advantage , but nothing massive . 
  `` official defense militia of nova russia purchases self defense utility vehicles at local hardware store '' ftfy, 
  guns . 
  the first time i ever shot a gun was when i was living in england , and that was only because i was upset about not being stereotypical enough . 
  i 've only gone shooting a couple times since , and my aim is n't that great . 
  the founding fathers would be so disappointed if they could see me now . 
  i 'm also just below average at geography , not terrible . 
  i 've really got to work on getting down to snuff . 
  til australia is in europe . 
  does n't mean a thing unless putin says it himself . 
  an adviser can say whatever the hell they want ; it 's all just spitballing ideas . 
   as an american jew in all honesty i think this guy should have been imprisoned . 
  that 's not overreacting at all . 
  words are wind , nothing more . 
  this guy is an asshole , but being an asshole is n't a crime . 
  freedom of speech is more important than hurting peoples feelings . 
  despite losing every other match , team usa takes home a surprise 2-1 win against england , scoring in the last 30 seconds of the match . 
  the tournament has no winner , as english fans the world over converge on the stadium and burn it to the ground . 
  he should be given a medal . 
  without this hack , we would have never known that w. has that hidden artistic talent . 
  i had a german friend who was in a similar situation . 
  even getting married might not be good enough to get your greencard anymore . 
  if you 're still in the us , you should consider writing a letter ( not an email ) to your district 's congressman . 
  tell them about your plight , and your sense of * burning american freedom !!!, 
  * , your desire to become part of this great nation and so on and so forth . 
  even if none of that 's true , say it anyway . 
  they love that stuff . 
  tell them about your education , your qualifications , really hammer in that you 're bringing a lot to the table . 
  if possible , try to get your friends to send letters too . 
  hell , talk to your college about it , they might have a bit of pull . 
  our biggest historical enemy , huh ... fuck you dad !, 
  fuck you and your tea !, 
  zero . 
  i do n't know any russian . 
  they should hire me instead !, 
  not just nato . 
  if there 's no response to an attack on the baltics , then every defense treaty the us has falls apart . 
  america would lose all of asia , which would be completely unacceptable . 
  at the very least , there will be an american response , and if the us is willing to throw down , i 'd be willing to bet that the rest of nato would at least send token forces . 
  this statement would be so much more powerful if it came out * before * all the news reports confirming that just about every european government was funneling information to the nsa . 
  i do n't know what a shashlik is , but it looks delicious and as an american i want 5 of them . 
  black mirror is hit and miss , but that was a pretty good episode, 
  because gmos can greatly increase crop yields and nutritional value . 
  slashing these benefits out of misplaced fear will lower the amount of food available . 
  `` where is your proof ? '', 
  is a perfectly fine question , especially regarding russia . 
  remember a few days ago when the media went wild with the story about putin calling elton john ? 
  it wound up to be totally fake . 
  when you 've got something as big as a bunch of soldiers acting like this , it 's probably good to be suspicious . 
  still , i 've seen this reported in a * lot * of places . 
  it 's probably legit . 
  it was a very solid school of thought back when the country was first founded , and it 's sort of true today too . 
  an armed populace wo n't * win * an engagement with the real military , but they do n't have to . 
  as we saw in vietnam , iraq , and afghanistan , poorly armed militias can so effectively hinder a real military that they 'll eventually give up . 
  it 's impossible to run a country if every single politician , judge , cop , and social worker has a target on their back . 
  yes , the american military could theoretically kill every single person in the country , but there 's no realistic scenario in which that would happen . 
  and of course , there 's no way the entire military would ever back a despot . 
  worst case scenario , parts back the tyrant president while others revolt . 
  in this situation , armed civilians could indeed provide significant support to the rebelling military units . 
  granted , it 's an entirely theoretical argument , but you ca n't actually support the assumption that an armed citizenry would n't be a disincentive for a tyrant . 
  edit : oh , and spermezan 's nuts . 
  just flooding the country with guns wo n't help keep the * military * under civilian control . 
  while idiotic , this is n't the first time something like this has happened . 
  a good chunk of all the subcommittees and panels in the un are complete farces . 
  is gazeta.ru a legitimate source ? 
  i 'm not really up to date with russian media . 
  everyone 's making fun of op for being an idiot , but he 's right . 
  think about it . 
  people are rushing to the eu because it 's such a nice place , right ? 
  well , if we make it less nice , people will stop going there . 
  it 's brilliant !, 
  / s he is technically correct , which is the best kind of correct . 
  polan stronk !, 
  5 ) what if there 's , ya know , * people * on board ? 
  i know some serbs will beg to differ , but nato 's not super huge on that whole intentionally murdering innocent people thing . 
  looks like an american dorm too . 
  hell , it looks better ; it 's a bit smaller , but it does n't look like he has to share with a roommate . 
  i 'm here almost every day , and i 've never even seen most of those mods, 
  even if you wanted to , you could n't . 
  morality aside , it works in australia because it 's an island a thousand miles away from anything . 
  europe 's geography is less accommodating . 
  he 'd make a great american !, 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i find it a bit surprising that the un was able to make detroit do anything , seeing as it has absolutely no legal standing in the united states . 
  do n't worry too much about that . 
  ~ ~ our respect levels are already nil ~ ~ trump is completely unelectable .
