  as early as the 300s , you 've got people like st. augistine setting the foundations of just war theory , and as soon as early christianty started gaining a foothold , they very quickly became militant . 
  exodus 17:16 he said , `` because hands were lifted up against the throne of the lord , the lord will be at war against the amalekites from generation to generation . '', 
  numbers 31:1 -3 the lord said to moses , `` take vengeance on the midianites for the israelites . 
  after that , you will be gathered to your people . '', 
  `` so moses said to the people , `` arm some of your men to go to war against the midianites so that they may carry out the lord 's vengeance on them . '', 
  1 : samuel 7:7 -9 7 when the philistines heard that israel had assembled at mizpah , the rulers of the philistines came up to attack them . 
  when the israelites heard of it , they were afraid because of the philistines . 
  they said to samuel , `` do not stop crying out to the lord our god for us , that he may rescue us from the hand of the philistines . '' then samuel took a suckling lamb and sacrificed it as a whole burnt offering to the lord . 
  he cried out to the lord on israel 's behalf , and the lord answered him . 
  there 's kind of a lot in the bible about killing your enemies . 
  and of course , there 's more to a religion than the what 's in the original holy text . 
  well , except for the crusades . 
  that 's a pretty good equivalent . 
  every major world religion has had extended religious wars in their past . 
  buddhists have done it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhism_and_violence hindus have done it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shashanka and of course , the majority of western history has been murdering the shit out of people to spread the word of god . 
  as it turns out , people who are poor and live in unstable places tend to run into violence and buy into fanatical ideas . 
  see the nazis , communists , al qaeda , black hand , farc , sandistas , shining path , pkk , and about a billion other things . 
  if islam were to magically vanish today and get replaced with another religion , or with no religion , you 'd still almost certainly have some sort of analogue present , because the region is still filled with a bunch of poor and angry people who hate their neighbors and westerners . 
  i do n't know about heavy equipment , but italian firms like benelli produce some of the most popular small arms in america . 
  daft punk has been famous internationally for more than a decade now . 
  discovery dropped in 2001 . 
  i think the point is that they 're not just * now * starting to sing in english and get famous abroad , they 've been doing it for 15 years . 
  what options does turkey have ? 
  either they keep the migrants contained in turkey , an expensive and destabilizing option which neither the turks nor the migrants want , or they let the migrants leave , and become someone else 's problem . 
  in this case , that someone else is the eu . 
  and why should turkey care if the migrants are an issue for the europeans ? 
  yes , instability in europe is bad , but from turkey 's perspective , instability in turkey is an even worse outcome . 
  the eu has more people , space , and money than turkey does , so why should turkey sacrifice itself for the eu ? 
  you mean like turkey , which risks being destabilized by housing millions of unwanted migrants trying to get to europe ? 
  protip : if you 're appealing to someone to help you based on moral grounds ( `` your only other options is to fuck us over '' ) , your primary argument probably should n't be that they must fuck up their own country to help yours because `` life is not fair '' . 
  but he is wearing a cape . 
  it 's like the european version of adding '' - gate '' to the name of every scandal in american politics . 
  why must they do these things ? 
  using actual words is n't any more difficult . 
  see , i think it would have the exact opposite effect in western europe . 
  which countries are really pro-nato ? 
  it 's mostly the eastern european ( and ~ ~ zoidberg ~ ~ britain ) . 
  the ultimatum might work over there , because the threat of hostilities with russia if they do n't have a powerful backer is very real , and very immediate . 
  that 's not the case in the west . 
  if the russians ( or whoever ) want to get to germany for example , they need to go through poland first . 
  the netherlands meanwhile are shielded by both poland * and * germany . 
  this means that poland , which wants to stay in nato , is functionally a shield for every country west of it . 
  the netherlands can pull out of nato , completely disband all of their armed forces , and * still * be completely safe as long as they do n't wind up at war with america , because anyone who wishes to the netherlands harm still has to go through the us regardless . 
  if we did that , there just would n't be a nato . 
  almost no one is meeting the 2 % mark , the ones that do hit it only do so occasionally , and even then , it 's often done more via cooking the books than actual investment in military capability . 
   what has a completly needless war against libya to do with a possible defensive war against russia ? 
  russia is much stronger than libya . 
  if the french and the british could n't deal with libya on their own , that does n't really bode well for how they would hypothetically deal with russians . 
   also maybe my brain was wrong , but i never saw a lybian fighter or tank anywhere near french or british terretory , so it seems they fared pretty well . 
  i have a rock in my front yard . 
  there are no tigers in my yard . 
  this rock must ward off tigers !, 
   hint : most european militaries like the german one are only there for self-defense , not fucking up countries around the entire globe . 
  and that is perfectly fine . 
  libya was a third world , borderline failed state before the attacks started . 
  there was never any serious expectation that the libyans would pose a threat to nato forces . 
  and yet , the british and french * still * did n't even have the logistical competence to deal with libyan forces on their own . 
  the two most powerful states in europe could n't handle bombing runs on what amounted to a bunch of undefended targets . 
  that 's really not a good sign . 
  i 'll go grab the popcorn . 
  i do n't disagree that five guys is overrated , but you know that you * can * order the burgers to be cooked rare , right ? 
  if you keep eating burned burgers , it 's your own fault . 
  what state did you do this in ? 
  it was much more of a pain in the ass in massachusetts when i got my license , and the laws have only gotten worse since then . 
  one day little polan . 
  one day . 
  yes , how dare stores respect laws . 
  how insane . 
  as we all know , no one has * ever * tried to buy booze for an underage friend , or lied about how old they are . 
  we 're butchering these things and consuming their flesh . 
  i do n't understand why people are so upset about cages . 
  i also do n't see how `` cage free '' is somehow supposed to be better than the other two options . 
  instead of being hemmed in by metal , now they 're hemmed in by literal walls of flesh , only now they 're also mutilated so they do n't hurt the other chickens ( because if anyone have ever owned chickens , you know that they 're assholes ) . 
  if people actually cared about animals , they 'd become vegetarians instead of demanding all sorts of empty `` feel good '' changes which alter the window dressing but do nothing to actually change the situation . 
  they do n't help animals , they help stupid people who want to pat themselves on the back . 
  patrick stewart gave an interview with npr a few months ago in which he claims that early into filming he actually did picard with a french accent . 
  everyone agreed that it sounded ridiculous so they scrapped the idea , but somewhere out there , there are at least a few recordings of picard with a french accent . 
  so , the same thing that turkey was threatening to do then . 
  there are now more mormons than there are jews . 
  their numbers are still really small when compared to most mainstream religions , but they 've still gone from a small , localized cult to a worldwide organization with more than 14 million members . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the overwhelming majority of these things are done by people who are trying to be funny , not legitimately answer anything . 
  since when do most of us think they have the right to crimea ? 
  you decrease budget and personnel by 5 % . 
  i 'll up mine by ten and then just take all your shit . 
  the nuclear reduction treaties were empty feel-good measures . 
  even after such huge reductions , america and russia still have enough nukes to completely fuck the world up . 
  but muh amish mafia !, 
  i might be in the minority , but i do n't really think it 's that bad of a show as long as you keep telling yourself that it 's not an adaptation of anything . 
  you keep saying that the uk has more force projection than france , but you have n't actually backed that up with anything . 
  the uk might be more * willing * to act internationally than france is , but nearly all of their operations are carried out using american logistical support . 
  and honestly , i 'm not even positive that britain really * does * do more internationally ; the french are pretty active in africa and the middle east , they just do n't seem to make as the news over here as often as the brits do . 
  it 's the same deal as with the 5 eyes ; being better at asking for help from someone stronger is n't really the same thing as force projection . 
  do weapons count as `` machinery '' or `` other '' ? 
  either way , i do n't think billions of euros per year counts as `` non-existent '' . 
  that was just a single example though . 
  the eu is an absolutely massive arms dealer . 
  i 'm not going to get into the morals of selling to saudi arabia , but right or wrong they 're still a very big market for the europeans . 
  did somebody say sabaton ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epeqwq-ayv0 baptized in fire , 40 to 1 !, 
  that was entirely for public consumption .
