  a big deal is made about how he 's `` winning '' in the republican primaries . 
  that 's technically true . 
  the thing is , he is pretty much the republican version of sanders . 
  by that i mean he 's got a strong core of insane voters , and absolutely no one outside of that core will even consider him . 
  no democrats will * ever * vote for him , no independents will do it , and even a good chunk of republicans are going to be hesitant . 
  trump is currently polling at around 30 % ( about the same as sanders ) . 
  he 's the top of the republican heap because there are 16 other people running . 
  once the herd thins out a bit , people like bush are going to gain a lot of votes while trump is n't going to be going much higher . 
  just about * every * country in nato is a military resource drain . 
  you 're in good company . 
  i wonder how this will play out for them . 
  while it 's technically true that pro-nato sentiment has been growing , it is still most definitely in the minority . 
  according to their own link , only one third of sweeds are on board with it . 
  i ca n't imagine that adopting a policy which two thirds of the electorate opposes will be a popular move . 
  hungary : the country most likely to lie on a test . 
  i do n't get it . 
  even the most conservative estimates put more than 10 million illegal immigrants living in the us . 
  fully 3 % of our population is here illegally . 
  has n't been the end of the world . 
  maybe not treating immigrants as leaches and second class citizens will help them to actually integrate into society and become assets instead of liabilities ? 
  i mean , my school in america had a pub on campus . 
  no hard stuff was sold , but they had beer in the afternoon . 
  what my school in america * did n't * have , which the one in england did was a pub , a bar , and a nightclub . 
  it 's just not done here . 
  if you have a drink that early , it usually means you 're an alcoholic in america . 
  though in my personal experience , just about everyone in england drank significantly more than the students at my school most days . 
  my school had a bit of a reputation for being a party school but damn , leeds makes us look like freaking mormons . 
  granted , half of our students ca n't legally drink at all . 
  it 's just a surprising thing to see . 
  i was more surprised by the on-campus pub which started serving beer at 9am . 
  but no one wants that . 
  the number of states in europe that actually * want * a strong eu government can be counted on one hand . 
  they 're like america under the articles of confederation . 
  in most cases it was more bankruptcy and international pressure , but still , not exactly the most benevolent reasons on behalf of the colonizers . 
  no , it 's almost certainly legit . 
  if bush was at a meeting and an intern said `` what if we nuked them ? '', 
  before being kicked out for being dumb , the option has still technically been considered . 
  the military has plans for all sorts of ridiculous scenarios . 
  does n't mean that any of them are considered in any * serious * capacity . 
  our immigrants can do the exact same thing . 
  there 's literally dozens of countries they could be coming from , it 's not like they 're all just mexican . 
  yes , this is all europe 's fault . 
  everyone knows that if they 'd stop selling us guns , all gun crimes would go away forever . 
  * especially * because there are no other gun manufacturers in america , africa , or asia . 
  yeah , kind of a weird thing to say . 
  i mean , there is a pretty big economic benefit to being in nato ( getting a free ride from the americans any not having to pay for your own military ) , but that 's hardly the same thing as colonialism . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationwide_opinion_polling_for_the_republican_party_2016_presidential_primaries trump is polling at less than 30 % of the republican party . 
  he 's on par with sanders . 
  he 's only `` winning '' by virtue of the fact that there are 16 other people running with him at the moment . 
  implying that anything can be better than best korea . 
  also , what do you mean by `` self-reliant '' ? 
  stronger military , less international trade , larger roll in global governance ? 
  it can mean a lot of things . 
  if we 're playing that game , europe should take them , since it was europe that fucked up all of africa and the middle east with colonialism . 
  afghanistan , iraq , and syria would be tyrannical , terrorist shitholes if europeans did n't go in , siphon off all the wealth they could , and then leave the countries with broken governments , nonsensical borders , and horrible internal strife . 
  to be fair , the russians are at least pretending that they 're not there , so they might not be able to do that either . 
  if they just went in full battle-rattle , their casualties would probably be a lot lower , but they 're trying to keep up an air of plausible deniability . 
  i am ashamed that someone from france came up with this idea before an american . 
  you 're gon na be rich . 
  oh , i 'm personally of the same opinion as you . 
  most people only immigrate illegally because legal immigration is so difficult . 
  if we overhauled the system , i think we could deal with many of the problems that illegal immigration poses . 
  but still , does n't change the fact that the illegal immigration issue is significantly worse in america than europe . 
  if op does n't like africans , i ca n't imagine he 'll like south americans much more . 
  america has more than 10 million illegal immigrants . 
  if he does n't like illegals , this is not the place for him . 
  and of course , seeing how difficult it can be to legally immigrate here and how easy it is to do so illegally , he 'll probably wind up being an illegal himself . 
  i was thinking of going actually . 
  a strong dollar and a bad greek economy make it a great time to visit . 
  there 's not a blanket ban on guns in the uk though . 
  and i 'm fairly certain that it 's * already * illegal to buy an ak-47 in paris . 
  it 's just super easy to smuggle weapons into europe . 
  40 % european , and closest to france with 55 % . 
  pretty sure this test is drunk . 
  poor polan :( it will of happens one day . 
  see , that 's why i 'm so hard on him . 
  he 's got potential , but he needs to buckle down and hone his execution . 
  see , trolling is so much more than just spouting off nonsense or offensive words . 
  you 've got ta draw people in , give them something to chew on . 
  you got ta write something which takes people a few moments to realize is bullshit . 
  see , as it is , if i agree with you about spaniards , i 'll just say `` yeah fuck them ! '' . 
  if i disagree i 'll just say `` lolk '' . 
  either way , it 's just a snippet , and then i move on . 
  that 's all anyone 's going to do here . 
  i want you to think about what you want to say , and then resubmit this trolling attempt with some more effort put in . 
  do that , and i 'll reevaluate your grade . 
  i said come in !, 
  do n't stand there !, 
  i would add a 51 ^ st star . 
  oh puerto rico , you 're such a tease . 
  would it have actually been possible to build it in/closer to paris though ? 
  while i do n't exactly know the city like the back of my hand , the place is pretty crowded already , and i 'd be willing to bet that the land would have cost a fortune . 
  i mean , he 's claiming that he did n't do anything illegal , and that as far as he was aware all of his permits and the hunting were legal and by the book . 
  so if that 's true then , no , what happened was n't illegal . 
  it 's just pretty unlikely that his claim is true . 
  yeah , people are frankly a bit ridiculous when it comes to contingency plans . 
  canada had a plan to invade america until like the 1960s . 
  i mean , let that one sink in for a minute . 
  like you said , there 's no such thing as an unthinkable scenario . 
  it costs very little to come up with a plan .
