  like i said , i 'm pretty sure that if russia crossed the line , the american government would respond in force . 
  but a single instance which took place 40 years ago is n't exactly ironclad assurance , especially in an era where war could result in nuclear holocaust . 
  those states are all in nato , but nato is just a piece of paper . 
  especially with the baltics , if the russians want them , the russians can take them . 
  all that protects them is the hope that if russia hits them , nato will choose to hit back harder . 
  there 's no huge nato buildup in the region , and there 's not going to be time to get defenses in place if hostilities break out . 
  there 's a lot of people who think that if the baltics get taken , nato might just sacrifice them to avoid a bigger war . 
  i do n't think that * would * happen , but it 's not such a remote idea that it can be ignored . 
  compare this with western europe . 
  there 's just no way for russia to get to france ( or whoever ) quickly . 
  it 's a much bigger fight , across more countries , and gives a lot more time for nato to muster forces . 
  in the west , the threat posed by russia is almost entirely academic . 
  russia ca n't reach them , even if russia could the heavy-hitters in nato are more likely to respond , and even if they do n't , many of the western states have a halfway decent chance of halting an invasion themselves . 
  in the east , the threat posed is pretty real , and the only real defense is the hope that the westerners will actually stick to their end of the bargain . 
  and historically , western powers have n't always done so . 
  how long was it before the british did anything about that nazi occupation of poland again ? 
  i do n't think he 's that far off base . 
  russia is n't a threat to most of western europe . 
  we can argue about whether france or russia is stronger , or if germany could fight off a russian invasion , but the fact of the matter is that they 're totally insulated . 
  not only would the russians have to fight all the way through east and central europe first , but it 's almost assured that the americans would be there to help . 
  yeah there are always nukes , but for the most part , russia really is this distant crackpot that they do n't need to worry about in the immediate future . 
  the former warsaw states and finland are facing a different reality . 
  if russia comes knocking on your door , it 's going to be weeks before the cavalry arrives , if they come at all . 
  and your people killed . 
  the point of the military is to protect the nation , which is kind of hard to do when it 's your nation that all the shooting is taking place in . 
  the best defense is a good offense . 
  for an institution as large as the eu , if you 're waiting until the enemy is at your door to do your fighting , then someone has seriously dropped the ball . 
  til that `` pan pan '' is the dutch onomatopoeia for bullets . 
  that 's actually kind of neat . 
  i have absolutely no idea what the context of that picture is , but it 's brilliant . 
  the reasons that monopolies are bad is because they * can * stifle innovation and use their bulk of resources to keep potential newcomers out . 
  that 's not the case with things like google and facebook . 
  the reason that these european `` local alternatives '' are n't taking off is because , at best , they 're not good enough to justify a switch , and most of the time just flat out are n't even * as * good . 
  but instead of coming up with a better product , the eu is just turning to protectionism . 
  what they * really * mean is they want europe to have the monopoly , not america . 
  as always , we run into the issue of trying to quantify something subjective , using a metric based on quantifying a bunch of other subjective factors . 
  you got it all wrong , he 's just playing the long game . 
  flood the french market with frog legs for the next 87 years , destroying the domestic french production and netting the british a hefty payday at their expense . 
  and then in the 88th year ? 
  no frogs for the french !, 
  the entire country will collapse , and your eternal enemy will finally be defeated . 
  germany has 80,000 palestinians and a population of more than 80 million . 
  denmark has a population of less than 6 million with 7,000 palestinians . 
  now , as an american i am constitutionally protected from having to learn math so maybe i 'm mistaken , but it seems to me that if we 're accepting that germany has `` a lot '' , it 's fair to say that denmark does too . 
  it 's ok , let the euros have it . 
  mars is ours . 
  to be fair , denmark has a population of less than 6 million so `` a lot '' for them proportionally is n't really going to be very high in an absolute sense . 
  oil , mostly . 
  they also do provide quite a bit of intelligence when it comes to dealing with terrorists . 
  of course , seeing as the country is at least partly responsible for lots of these people , i think that 's kind of a wash . 
  these are strange times we live in . 
  the only way to deal with them is with vibroblades . 
  they laugh in the face of sonic weapons , and are n't even phased by gauss . 
  seriously , fuck you microprose . 
  even then , i ca n't see how it could possibly be useful for canada . 
  the minstral is a glorified troop transport . 
  who the hell is canada going to attack independently using ground forces ? 
  it seems like they might be better off buying ships that can be used to bolster their defenses or something . 
  exactly . 
  we might mock the russian government whenever they come out with their ridiculous fake propaganda , but it 's not * for * us . 
  as long as it sounds plausible enough to people in russia , then it got the job done . 
  seriously . 
  we 've got like quadruple the murder rate of france , and last time i checked we 're only like 50 % anarchy . 
  including this post i 'm making now , there are five posts listed in the thread , but only four of them are visible . 
  the invisible post is the person who is shadowbanned . 
   a britain leaving , on the other hand , might do away with the need for a multi-speed europe altogether as the `` core integrators '' lose the biggest opponent both in economic terms and the wish for security autonomy . 
  the fact that the eu might actually converge more after a brexit has been floating around for some time . 
  of course , the counterpossibilty is that if britain leaves and remains successful , it will encourage other states to follow suit . 
  losing one of the biggest economic and military forces in the union is a potentially seriously blow to credibility . 
  additional , the british make for a convenient shield at the moment ; any time the eu fails to get something done , it can be blamed on the british holding things up . 
  without them around , the eu will be forced to confront the fact that it has much deeper issues . 
  of course , both these scenarios have been getting tossed about for quite a while now . 
  no one 's really gon na know until it happens . 
  mccarthy never actually uncovered any spies during his witch trials . 
  it was n't even one of those `` liberty vs. security '' debates , because he literally produced no credible evidence . 
  ruining the lives and careers of hundreds of people , putting thousands more at risk , and creating an environment of paranoia with objectively zero payoff seems kind of unjustified . 
  i do n't think six people is a trend . 
  if you have zero murders in a city one year , but one murder the next , that 's an infinity percentage increase in murders . 
  is the city now infinitely more dangerous ? 
  of course not . 
  if ten years ago there were zero rapes , and then every year there were five or six more and now we 're at 56 per year , * that * is a worrying trend . 
  but just going from 50 to 56 does n't seem like it means much of anything . 
  of course , the google translate is pretty much nonsensical . 
  maybe the article does actually say that there 's been an actual trend . 
  but i 'll have to wait for a native speaker to confirm that . 
  is that actually significant with such small numbers ? 
  `` eurovision is n't serious , it 's just a silly game which is why we intentionally send bad acts . 
  eurovision is also bullshit because no one votes for our bad acts . '', 
  also security . 
  a strong , united eu makes europe as a whole safer , which means we can afford to spend less time and effort there . 
   simplified diplomacy . 
  this is a big one that people seem to overlook a lot in my opinion . 
  if the uk splits from the eu , then at some point in the future we might run into a situation where we need to choose between supporting the uk or the eu . 
  it 's kind of a no-win situation . 
  someone did n't even bother to read the article . 
  he was n't even denmark , he was in iraq . 
  he uncovered a bomb plot and passed the information to the danes . 
  the guy they arrested actually had explosives , so it looks like the info panned out . 
  but please , continue shitposting . 
  eurabia .
