  you 're making a pointless and semantic argument . 
  if it 'll make you happy , then the line is `` whatever country has a standing defense agreement with the united states of america . '', 
  and when we 're talking about russia , the relevant agreement is nato . 
  the line is nato . 
  it 's a very well known and clearly marked line . 
  that 's where putin stops , because if he does n't russia stops existing . 
  a war against a country which has the largest nuclear arsenal on the globe is n't something you go into lightly . 
  applying sanctions and giving materiel support to nations like ukraine is really all that the west can afford to risk . 
  when it comes to dealing with russia , nato should only defend the states which it is clearly obligated to defend ( other nato states ) . 
  yeah , i 'm not overly keen on starting world war iii over ukraine . 
  at the end of the day , they 're not nato and the west has no obligation to sacrifice their own men for it . 
  if the russians take a step into poland or something , then we should go in with guns blazing , but that 's a completely different situation . 
  as much as i hate to say it , ukraine got a raw deal , and they 're just stuck with it . 
  it 's not right , and it 's not fair , but that 's the world . 
  we do n't have the resources to fight injustice everywhere , and with so much of the world engulfed in conflict , we need to pick our battles . 
  they 're all about russia doing mostly different things though . 
  there are a couple of repeats , but they 're all unique stories , and they 're generally more important than a lot of the other crap that gets posted . 
  if you 'd prefer , we can go back to having seventeen threads about the postcards of europe ( a 149 part imgur series ) , three threads about why the uk is destroying the eu , a couple more articles about why muslims/roma/immigrants are destroying the eu , and then a completely misplaced comparison to the us . 
  texas and california were both foreign nations at one point . 
  and does it really count if it 's unofficial ? 
  it 's apples to oranges . 
  canada has significantly more resources to export ( specifically oil and gas ) , and a much smaller population than the uk does . 
  in addition , it has literally spent more than 100 years in peaceful coexistence with the largest economy in the world , with which it shares a very open border . 
  the amount of trade which goes through the us and canada is absurd . 
  it 's over $ 600 billion per year , which is almost 20 % more than goes between the us and china . 
  the uk does n't command anywhere near this amount of respect for the eu market . 
  and most importantly for answering your question , ** canada is in nafta ** . 
  it 's been in a free trade agreement with the us ( and mexico , but they do n't count ) for the last twenty years . 
  a uk which left the eu would probably risk losing easy access to the eu marketplace . 
   i didnt realise we where talking about super powers the phrase `` sleeping giant '' pretty explicitly refers to a willfully weak state taking up the mantle of militarism . 
  specifically , the us transitioning from an economic power to a military superpower . 
  if op was just asking `` will the eu ever be more united ? '', 
  or something like that , i 'd have a different answer . 
   i wish this comforted me , but the fairly blatant invasion of ukraine and increased air activity near the baltics and naval activity near the north pole dont really help your point . 
  putin is messing around in ukraine and the arctic because they 're the only places he * can * do anything . 
  the man is a a violent borderline fascist , and russia is a belligerent nation , but there 's nothing to indicate that they 're kool-aid drinking levels of crazy . 
  they 're getting the jump on everyone who 's not in nato while they can , because they know that everything within nato is off limits . 
  the air shows meanwhile are just shows . 
  they happen all the time , they just did n't get reported on because no one cared before now . 
  finally , i do n't disagree that a belligerent outsider would go a long way towards uniting europe into a single entity . 
  the problem is that america needs to go away first . 
  as long as the us is in a position to stomp out anyone who becomes a credible threat to europe , europeans will have no * reason * to coalesce into a more united front . 
  the uk is small , but it 's not * that * small . 
  besides , not all of the beaches are worth visiting . 
  transportation is still a problem . 
  france , britain , and germany have enough military force to deter russia from invading france , britain , or germany in the present day . 
  i doubt they 'd be willing/able to push the russians out of , say , poland . 
  but let 's say they could . 
  it still does n't matter for two reasons . 
  the first is that having enough power to deter a broken regional power does not a superpower make . 
  remember , op is asking about a `` sleeping giant '' , not just a regular country . 
  besides , it 's all well and good if european forces alone could force russia out , but with american backing , the russians wo n't even mount an invasion . 
  even more importantly though is that , regardless of how strong the western members of the eu are , no one else has faith in them . 
  even on this incredibly eurocentric board , i honestly ca n't recall seeing anyone from eastern europe who trusts europeans to fight for them more than americans . 
  did you get arrested for shitting in public op ? 
  as it stands , not really . 
  the eu has a lot of people and money , but it 's completely fragmented . 
  there 's very little sense of shared community . 
  nationalism might not be as apparent as it is in the us , but just about everyone considers themselves part of their country before their continent . 
  the fact that there are 28 states with unique agendas hamstrings any potential power that the eu could wield . 
  worse still , the need to form a single , united power is continuously decreasing . 
  the richer states do n't want their economies dragged down by the weaker states , and the weaker states are able to get their security guaranteed by nato ( or rather , america ) , not the other parts of europe . 
  consolidating power at the european level might be good for dick measuring , but what does it actually accomplish ? 
  there 's no one left to fight . 
  the number of countries which could even conceivably fight a european state right now can be counted on one hand , and they all have nuclear weapons anyway . 
  right now , any event that could `` awaken the war machine '' would just be taken care of by the us , so there 's not much opportunity for a spark at all . 
  in order to ever actually become a superpower , a few major shifts in the global order would need to happen . 
  the eu would need to consolidate power at the top level , and reduce the power of individual states . 
  there would need to be a pretty big souring of relations between europe and the us to provide the impetus to beef up the need for power . 
  we would also need to find a way to circumvent mad , because as long as it 's in place , there 's limited utility to having more power than the minimum you need to defend yourself . 
  finally , people would need to start dropping their old national identities and pick up a new european one . 
  tl ; dr the eu of today is n't all that different from the us under the articles of confederation . 
  too divided and contradictory to become a superpower . 
  the eu would need to be revamped from the ground up to truly be strong , but as it stands there 's not really any purpose for it . 
  china and the us are only frenemies because our economies are completely interlinked though . 
  you 're right in that hostilities are basically impossible in the immediate future , but once china starts finding new markets to peddle goods into , or us companies move to countries with lower production costs , i think we 'll see a new cold war with them . 
  might be 50 years down the road , but sooner or later there will be a falling out . 
  china wo n't be able to be one of the richest countries in the world while retaining the lowest costs of labor forever . 
  as for russia though , you 're not wrong that they 're they loudest player making a scene right now , but it does n't change the fact that they 've basically got their hands tied . 
  they 're fucking around with ukraine because it 's one of the few places in europe where they * can * do anything . 
  i 'm not even sure it 'd be fair to think of them as a regional threat , because they 're almost completely hemmed in by nato ( and china , who i think we 'd at least economically support if the two ever came to blows ) . 
  really , russia is almost like a big north korea with better human rights records : lots of saber rattling , but no real way to hurt us . 
  as long as the situation in the region does n't decay so badly that nuclear war seems like a good idea , we 're in the clear . 
  does isis count as a state for the purposes of this law though ? 
  isis is n't a representation of islam as a whole though . 
  they spend most of their time killing other muslims who are n't crazy enough to buy into their worldview . 
  decrying islam because of isis is analogous to decrying all white people because of the nazis . 
  there are people who question everything . 
  the eu has 600 million people , so a consensus is impossible . 
  they 're on par with the people who think that vaccines give you autism and that the world is run by lizard people . 
  you 're cherry picking your interpretation of islam , while the nazis were pretty much unquestionably bad . 
  in addition , one 's a religion with a billion followers , while the other is a racist political ideology . 
  edit : in my opinion , hate speech laws are dumb in general . 
  but islam and nazism are n't at all comparable . 
  well , if the uk leaves , and if it does better , then yes , it will inventivise other countries to leave as well . 
  those are two really big ifs though . 
  there 's no reason the same could n't be done with galileo . 
  i 'm not sure who would actually make the call though . 
  the european parliament if i had to hazard a guess , but i could be mistaken . 
  why would they even need to ?
