  they 've got like a dozen locations , primarily in massachusetts ( i think amherst is their flagship ) . 
  they do in fact have some pretty delicious wings , and their wings can get pretty hot once you get past level 3 http://www.wingsover.com/locations/?p=locations, 
  a term referring to cooperation of states across the atlantic ocean . 
  specifically , america . 
  it 's kind of an odd term and a bit redundant in that context , but it 's a pretty common one in political science and international relations . 
  was there anyone outside of russia who * did n't * assume russia was involved ? 
  the people on the outside already knew , and the ones inside wo n't care . 
  even if they never made it to the 2 % threshold , a united eu military might at least be more efficient than what exists now . 
  the various eu states technically have a sizable number of soldiers , but they 've also got 28 redundant command structures , and a bunch of small , disunited , and mutually indefensible and unemployable naval , armored , and aerial assets . 
  cutting the bloat and redundancy , getting everyone on the same page , and losing jurisdictional friction could , at least in theory , greatly up effectiveness without a huge increase in cost . 
  * in theory * being the key words of course . 
  it 's totally possible that you 'll just have more of the free rider problem , and everyone will try to leave everything to the eu without contributing , resulting in no one having much of anything . 
  or you could get states that backtrack on their rhetoric and refuse to cede any authority over their armed forces once things start getting real . 
  but at least there 's a chance it could work . 
  til belgians are american . 
  and it 's not like this is an uncommon trope for movies anyway . 
  how often does the white house get blown up , or taken over by terrorists ? 
  people need to stop being so butthurt over everything . 
  you mean those tribunals already widely used in europe ? 
  `` lethal '' is n't a bombastic word , it 's an accurate descriptor . 
  it 's used to denote that the bill is for selling equipment intentionally designed to kill people . 
  this is in contrast to previous bills , which explicit did * not * allow for lethal equipment to be given . 
  not really . 
  vw was blatantly breaking american law . 
  apple was clearly in violation of eu law ( despite assurances from the irish that they were n't ) . 
  deutsche bank seems to be in legal trouble from both america * and * europe . 
  these are n't just petty disputes that are being trumped up for political reasons , they 're rather serious issues which would generate a backlash regardless of the political environment . 
  use it however you want . 
  i 'm just pointing out that critiquing the terminology used in english based on preconditions only present in another language is stupid . 
  what language are we speaking ? 
  if we were talking in spanish , then u/5thkeetle would have a point . 
  but we are n't . 
  yes . 
  but what language are we speaking in right now ? 
  english . 
  they 've got the right of it in their own language , but it only applies there . 
  the people from latin america are n't even right on the technical level . 
  there is n't a continent just called `` america '' in the angloshpere , there 's just north and south america . 
  if we called ourselves the united states of north america , they 'd be technically correct , but we do n't . 
  there is no landmass called just `` america '' in the anglosphere . 
  you 've got * north * america and * south * america as two distinct continents , and a region called central america which is part of the north american continent . 
  america alone only refers to the territory of the united states of america . 
  `` today 's dystopic society '' you almost got me there . 
  i * was * going to have an actual conversation , but clearly it 'd be a waste . 
  except it 's not a meaningful incentive , because it 's still cheaper to buy something new in most cases . 
  before , the issue was `` do i pay $ 100 to get this thing repaired , or do i spend $ 50 and get a new one ? '', 
  now it 's `` do i pay * $ 90 * to get this thing repaired , or do i spend $ 50 and get a new one ? '', 
  hell , even if the prices for repairs could always be brought down to the price of just buying a new item , i 'm pretty sure people would * still * prefer to just buy the new item . 
  if one piece breaks , it 's only a matter of time before something else does and you need to shell out for repairs again . 
  there 's a massive difference between `` not my fault '' and `` not my problem '' . 
  and it most certainly * is * europe 's problem , because that 's where they 're all trying to go . 
  do you have any sources to indicate who 's actually playing the slots by chance ? 
  how is `` most successful '' defined ? 
  as was mentioned elsewhere in the thread , nightwish literally has an order of magnitude more sales than eppu normaali when international sales are included . 
  is it highest selling domestic artist by number of domestic sales ? 
  does that logic cut both ways though ? 
  as long as there 's no way to actually force the uk out , they can just turn around and say they 're going to keep everything they can in gridlock until they get their way . 
  that 's the circlejerk answer . 
  the real answer for why they 're illegal goes back to a law passed in 1938 designed to insure that food products actually contain food , not things like sawdust . 
  does kfc in poland have wedges or fries ? 
  british kfc has fries , and it makes me very sad . 
  oh , that 's more reasonable then . 
  still overpriced , but at least in the ballpark . 
  what * should * be illegal is charging 7 euros for a pack of reese 's . 
  seriously , that 's like 8 times the price they are here . 
  the idea that you try a drug and then get immediately addicted is almost completely a myth with most hard drugs , and is a complete fabrication for the softer drugs , which are also still prevalent despite having been illegal for decades . 
  drugs have been illegal here for literally decades . 
  all it 's really done was create drug empires in south america and fill up our prisons . 
  hell , prohibition basically * created * organized crime in america . 
  the proposal for romania is extra nonsensical because tobacco will still be freely available in the country for the next century , it will just be arbitrarily restricted from certain buyers . 
  i do n't see why you 're downvoted , because that 's exactly right . 
  if you speak only german , you can interact with 80 % of your potential client base . 
  if you speak german * and * , say , turkish ( or arabic , or any other minority language ) , you can interact with 90 % of the client base . 
  if you * only * know turkish , you ca n't even interact with most of your coworkers . 
  people who do n't understand how critical equality under the law is definitely hold dumb beliefs in my opinion , but they 're still entitled to those beliefs . 
  this cycles us all the way back to op ; even though the echr is completely correct in this ruling , it 's going to `` feel '' wrong to a lot of people , because a lot of people do n't actually value equality under the law all that strongly when it comes to undesirable people . 
   i feel that it is also responsible for a lot of euroskepticism . 
  right there . 
  look , i 'm not debating right and wrong . 
  i agree with him , the echr is good . 
  they did the right thing in this case . 
  but that does n't mean that everyone is going to be happy about it . 
  we were n't talking about legality though . 
  the person you were responding to said that the echr and this ruling causes euroskepticism . 
  you said that it should n't , because terrorists are legally entitled to equal protection . 
  and i 'm pointing out that op is correct , because there are in fact a ton of people who do n't believe that should be the case . 
   but that 's not the point . 
  it does n't matter if he 's a terrorist . 
  the verdict is n't about what he did at all . 
  he 's really irrelevant . 
  see , and that 's where you 're wrong . 
  * legally * speaking , yes , you 're correct , which is why he won the case . 
  but in the court of public opinion , who you are really fucking matters , and being a convicted terrorist puts you on the shit list . 
  and if you think i 'm wrong , i invite you to look through any thread involving terrorists , migrants , or even really criminals in general . 
  how many people advocate doing absolutely ridiculous things to them to deal with the `` problem '' ? 
  people are going to see the article , and then say to themselves `` this prick deserved it , we should n't pay him a dime ! '', 
  it 's not right , but it 's really not an abnormal viewpoint . 
   you 'd have to be really weird to see this verdict as something negative though . 
  not really . 
  as it turns out , terrorists are a really unpopular demographic , and people are more than willing to turn a blind eye .
