  oh , my mistake then . 
  yeah , working holiday visas are n't really a thing . 
  i mean , if you get a regular work visa there 's nothing really * stopping * you from also taking time to travel , other than cost and the ability to get time off though . 
  as for there not being a preference about being from the uk/eu , that 's only true officially . 
  because of how important it is to have sponsorship from a potential employer , being from the developed world and being able to speak english fluently are huge unofficial benefits . 
  the us most definitely offers work visas . 
  i had a friend from germany who was working here for like 2 years . 
  they can be difficult to get , but as someone from the uk , you 'd probably be fine . 
  it 's a prequel to district 9 . 
  nasa confirms that the prawn ship is heading towards earth , and the us starts preparing massive amounts of air defenses . 
  then the ship lands in johannesburg , and proceeds to do nothing . 
  the rest of the movie is a bunch of american fighter pilots sitting around looking sad . 
  you can sue anyone , at any time , for anything . 
  does n't mean you have a shot in hell of winning . 
  most of the time when people say this sort of thing , they 're just angry and frustrated ( after all , people are rarely in hospitals for a happy reason ) , and do n't actually intend to go through with it . 
  when they * do * go through with a frivolous lawsuit , it usually just gets thrown out of court . 
  man , this is a tough question to answer . 
  as u/luv2belis points out , it worked out pretty freaking poorly for the native americans . 
  on the flipside though , it worked out pretty well for the present day us . 
  at present , more than 13 % of the population is from immigration ( both illegal and legal ) . 
  in the past , the huge waves of immigrants helped us to boost population size and productivity . 
  that said , i feel like the us has kind of been a best case scenario , and even then , it was n't exactly a smooth ride . 
  there were huge riots and protests fighting against immigrants , and even today it 's still a really big hot button issue . 
  it 's probably an okay thing for most modern countries in the long run , but it 's going to make a lot of people very unhappy in the short term . 
  that 's because it is . 
  when you have the world 's largest stockpile of nuclear weapons , you 're a force to be reckoned with by default . 
  but there 's a difference between a superpower and a great power . 
  russia only has two real options to choose from in their toolbox ; push around weaker countries in their immediate area , and threaten to nuke everyone else . 
  they 've got no viable way of enforcing policy or protecting interests outside of their immediate vicinity . 
  it 's great , if you want to be a eurofag commie you traitor !, 
  more seriously , unless you plan on moving to europe , it does n't really do anything for you . 
  the american passport is equally useful for all but a few situations , so picking up greek does n't help much . 
  i mean , it 's kind of a cool thing to say if you 've got dual citizenship , but i do n't think it offers much in the practical world . 
  how do most black people in belgium feel about the whole zwarte piet thing ? 
  while it looks absurdly racist to me , if the people who are actually in the country are cool with it , i guess there 's no problem . 
  terrifying . 
  fortunately , i never come here without a loaded assault rifle , so i 'm pretty safe . 
  because i misread the question . 
  americans do n't need reading comprehension because we have freedom . 
  and soccer . 
  `` it 's called soccer '' / thread, 
  except that 's not an example of a multipolar world at all . 
  you 've not only got conflicting time periods and questionable definitions of what constitutes a pole , but these countries also had almost no contact with each other at all . 
  china could n't have fought the aztecs because * they had no idea that they existed * . 
  that does n't really hold true when you look at history though . 
  the us has been in an almost perpetual state of war since the country was founded , it 's not a recent turn of events . 
  in many ways , the us was even more openly aggressive before we moved to having a completely volunteer army . 
  at least now we 're not outright annexing the territory of foreign countries based on weak pretexts . 
  well , seppuku is always an answer . 
  alternatively , you can stop being a shitty friend . 
  be happy that this person is a friend , and stop trying to get something they do n't want . 
  another alternative is to man the hell up . 
  this person is n't psychic , so tell them point blank that you do n't want to be their friend , you want to be their bf/gf . 
  if they say yes , then you 're now dating , and if they say no , move on . 
  finally , you could go to a sub where this kind of question is n't completely irrelevant and ask for advice there . 
  i think the bigger issue is that the eu mutual defense clause is untested and a bit shaky . 
  the reason that nato is so popular in eastern europe ( at least relative to western europe ) is that the us is seen as being more reliable and more powerful than the other european states . 
  and as we 've seen in the almost weekly threads about what the nato response to a russian invasion of a nato member is , a lot of people are under the impression that nato would be willing to cede a few countries to russia if it meant avoid a war ( whether or not this line of thinking is true is irrelevant ) . 
  this is an alliance specifically created to fight russia , which currently has * significantly * more force behind it . 
  if people are worried about the solidarity of nato , of course they 're going to put even less faith in the lisbon treaty . 
  honestly , the symbolism for most flags is applied retroactively anyway . 
  once they 've been around for a while , someone comes up with a cool justification . 
  if a flag is more than a few hundred years old , and is n't just the royal symbol of some house , the `` official '' meaning probably showed up later . 
  quiet you !, 
  you 'll break the circlejerk !, 
  reddit is filled with armchair generals . 
  even if they wind up being right and the f-35 winds up being crap , they 'll have only been right due to luck , not because they have any idea of what they 're talking about . 
   we invented it , we taught the world our language , it 's our language that they ~ ~ learnt ~ ~ learned . 
  ftfy . 
  he was of secret homosex . 
  the us has tons of political , military , and economic involvement with europe . 
  pretty much anything involving international relations has a halfway decent chance of being relevant to america in at least a tangential way . 
  how the nations of europe respond to russia , or syria , or iran impacts how america responds to those situations . 
  how the eu handles the financial crisis in greece will impact the world , and therefore american economy . 
  how state of the german military impacts nato , which impacts america . 
  i could go on . 
  even on subjects which * do n't * directly impact us , they 're often interesting enough to be worth looking into , if only for comparison . 
  even if , say , immigration in europe does n't affect the us , it could be worthwhile to see what lessons we can learn about immigrants are treated and how successfully or unsuccessfully they integrate . 
  well , it 's a hell of a lot better than r/worldnews i find europe to be fairly interesting . 
  i like seeing ideas and perspectives that i do n't normally encounter in day to day life . 
  besides , most of the big issues which impact europe wind up impacting the us anyway , so it 's not a bad way to catch up on important world and occasionally even domestic news . 
  came here to say this . 
  it 's nice that finland is trying , but the people who use the qur ` an as justification for terrorism are n't the people that are actually going to listen to the whole thing , especially when it 's getting broadcast by a godless infidel government . 
  seriously . 
  the ex-communist states know * exactly * what it 's like to be forced into an empire , which is why they 're among the strongest supporters of nato . 
  if anyone is in the alliance by choice , it 's them . 
  not to mention that the costs are frontloaded . 
  even if a nuclear plant is more economically reasonable in the long term , it 's really difficult to justify spending all the money up front to taxpayers , especially in such a rough economy . 
  deferred benefits do n't really sit well with many people, 
   you do n't have to border a country to attack it - it 's not swordmen and archers warfare anymore . 
  no , but it 's not like the soviet union were going to orbitally drop their soldiers on to france . 
  they would have to either walk through other european states , fly planes and missiles over them , or mass a giant naval force near the uk . 
  all of those things would have triggered a nato response , regardless of whether france was actually in nato or not . 
   usa wanted to invoke article 5 after 9/11 and i 'm pretty sure if north korea ever managed to launch something at usa territory , they would get turned into wasteland by combined nato forces within hours , despite none of members bordering it . 
  i 'm not quite sure where you 're going with this . 
  these are pretty great . 
  `` an island '' `` developing country '' `` a country '' `` more than prague '' `` muslim '', 
  it 's an unpopular opinion , but you 're not really wrong . 
  * something * has to be done with the refugees , and the longer these decisions get put off , the worse the situation will get . 
  but it puts the eu between a rock and a hard place , because pushing out the uk and greece is a pretty serious problem too .
