  look at poll numbers . 
  the 2000 election was contentious , but bush was reasonably popular in his first term , had a * massive * spike immediately after 9/11 , and stayed reasonably popular at the start of the iraq war . 
  it was n't until the second term where he wound up dipping down to like , 12 % approval . 
  everyone you ask will * say * that they were against the war , and that they always knew bush was wrong , but at the time , that really was n't the case . 
  as we all know , there was * never * any problem with muslims or arabs until the insidious jews occupied the west bank . 
  / s the situation with israel obviously does n't help matters , but it 's just one symptom of a larger issue . 
  if everyone in israel just packed up and went back to europe and america , the whole region would still be a clusterfuck . 
  the people who hate westerners would just use something else to justify it . 
  that 's just it though , most of the bullshit got pushed through * before * the nationwide consensus that our government was incompetent . 
  it 's kind of hard to believe now , but there was a point in time when we actually had faith in president bush . 
  more than half of the country does n't think that the government is capable of dealing with the problem . 
  if you 're already under the impression that they 're incompetent , why would you want to cede more freedom to them ? 
  have we ever even used the ebs ? 
  coming up with something better is hard . 
  legislation is easier than innovation . 
  angry people call you a conspiracy theorist , link to zerohedge to prove you 're not . 
  top kek, 
  according to the article , no justice will be served because there 's no evidence of a crime in most cases . 
  the last time the icc had an investigation , it was dropped for lack of evidence . 
  the ihic investigation found 56 of59 cases to be `` not sustainable '' . 
  this new investigation is almost certainly going to go the same way , now that any evidence is more than a decade old . 
  obviously that does n't mean no crimes took place , but just flatly assuming guilt for the accused in all cases is n't any more just . 
  a boon to your domestic paper industries !, 
  guns * and * cheap gas my friend !, 
  join us !, 
  how was he being unpleasant ? 
  you say that , but let 's be honest here . 
  how many downvotes would you get if you unironically said that american ( style or nationality ) was your favorite ? 
  the circlejerk is real . 
   i 'm partial to ~ ~ a lite whiz ~ ~ american . 
  fixed that for you , commie . 
  hell , even if it * was * 20-80 , there 's still no justification for not looking into it . 
  there 's always been people clamoring about leaving the eu , there are real systemic problems with it , and especially after that clusterfuck with greece , there was valid concern about the stability of the eu . 
  the idea that the train of thought for the government was `` fuck it yolo '' even * after * the referendum was announced was absurd . 
  northern africa confirmed as europe . 
  you 're not wrong , but it kind of seems like it 's more of a symbolic measure than anything else . 
  the department of homeland security , which handles border security here , has more than 240,000 employees . 
  admittedly , there obviously are n't 240,000 security guards , but still , 1500 seems really small to cover all of the eu . 
   yes , my retina hurts . 
  ( was i using a swedism ? 
  do n't you say `` etched on the retina '' in american when speaking about something you 've seen that you 'll always remember ? ), 
  i got what you meant , i was just being a smartass . 
  sorry about that . 
   maybe it was more common earlier ? 
  i 'm probably getting this from all american sit coms from the 80 's and 90 's . 
  it was n't until the famous images from columbine i realized there even were canteens in american ( high ) schools . 
  nope , they 've had lunches for a while . 
  federal law mandating that schools offer free/reduced price lunch goes back to 1946 . http://www.fns.usda.gov/nslp/national-school-lunch-program-nslp, 
  well , that 's more a question for your doctor . 
  sounds kind of serious . 
  but anyway , kids are * allowed * to bring their lunches to school . 
  lots of people still do . 
  but it 's not exactly the norm . 
  no , it 's for everyone . 
  a pretty sizeable percentage of the student population gets lunch for free , another big chunk get it at a reduced price . 
  the rest pay like , $ 2 . 
  edit : just looked it up . 
  just shy of half of all students get free or reduced price lunch . 
  implying the last book will come out in the 21st century, 
  you do realize that american schools serve lunches , right ? 
  no one eats in the classroom , we have cafeterias for that . 
  most countries do n't have school lunches ? 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  the * one * index which ranks britain as the world 's most powerful country . 
  the * only * one . 
  because it 's a blatantly absurd idea that 's basically indefensible . 
  yep . 
  tried to learn german in college . 
  figured it would be easy seeing as they 're both germanic . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  nope , pretty much the entire anglosphere outside of england and scotland use soccer . 
  there 's also a few oddballs like japan that do too . 
  here 's a map if you want to know who uses what . 
  new development with the paris terrorist attacks . 
  one suspect who has been fighting extradition to france from belgium has just been turned over . 
  article says that a second one is going to be on the way some time soon , on the condition that he serves jail time * in * belgium . 
   the carmaker will also pay nearly $ 5 billion in environmental reparations . 
  it 's the second sentence of the article . 
  they 'll pay $ 10b to customers , and another $ 5b for environmental issues . 
   besides , when you lose at the bookmakers , you ca n't back pedal saying you ` did n't expect to lose ' . 
  you can if the bookies do n't have any legal recourse to deal with you , and if you 've got your own private army to protect you . 
  both of which happen to apply to the uk . 
  it would be an absolutely massive shitstorm , but if the british politicians are dead-set on doing it , they can . 
  with all the news of brexit dominating the sub and the news , i thought i 'd post the first thing that i 've heard about europe that * is n't * related to britain in the past week . 
  note , this offer has not been accepted by the judge yet , so there 's a possibility it 'll be rejected . 
  does n't seem likely seeing as this money is `` 20 % of vw 's worth '' , but you never know . 
  exactly . 
  the elderly did n't `` steal '' the future , the young did n't bother to claim it . 
  that 's the thing . 
  english is already the lingua franca . 
  if it aint broke , do n't fix it . 
  the 20 countries that do n't speak french/german/whatever do n't want to learn now just to spite the british , especially since there 's a pretty strong possibility that english is going to come back as an official language anyway once scotland rejoins . 
   points out that the will expressed by the people must be entirely and fully respected the referendum was clearly and explicitly non-binding . 
  * that * is their will . 
  if their representatives choose to ignore public sentiment , they are completely within their rights to do so . 
  every single one of them will lose their jobs of course , but that 's still how the government works . 
  whatareya buyin ? 
  this . 
  federalists like to scapegoat the british as being the only thing getting in the way of a united states of europe , but the truth is that the eu has some systemic issues and a lot of naysayers . 
  things are n't just going to be sunshine and rainbows for them just because the most obvious obstacle is gone .
