  do n't be timecist . 
  xhe is from 100 years ago when the irish did n't count as white . 
  it 's also that student politics in general tend to be pretty powerless . 
  the only people who put in the effort to get involved are the people who tend to be fanatically devoted to something . 
  that 's kind of what i figured . 
  the posted article explicitly calls it a `` gaffe '' , which codeword for `` something completely innocuous that we 're blowing out of proportion because it 's a slow news day '' . 
  not * strictly * true . 
  they ca n't leave unilaterally without defeating the federal government , but they can get out if the decision is reached bilaterally . 
  i do n't think there 's any actual procedure for how that 's supposed to work though . 
  so does anyone know what they * actually * said ? 
  the title seems pretty inflammatory , but the article itself makes it seems like it was just a simple mistake instead of a political statement . 
  he also wants a 40 % tarrif on chinese goods , to pay off the entire american debt , and deport 4 % of our population . 
  in other words , he plans on crashing the entire global economy . 
  so that 's fun too . 
  when was the last time that america annexed part of a european country ? 
  one of the big arguments * for * leaving the eu is sovereignty . 
  a bunch of foreigners trying to pressure brits into remaining is probably going to backfire . 
  if you really want though , you could try writing to politicians who are undecided on the matter . 
  i 'm not sure how it is in berlin , but in my experience elected officials are surprisingly receptive if you just try and reach out and contact them . 
  yeah , that 's not even a little bit true . 
  an objectively false statement . 
  people learn and adapt all the time . 
  '' - xit '' is the new '' - gate '' it seems . 
  they still would n't have to . 
  take a look at a map ; germany is basically surrounded by nato . 
  there 's no way for anyone to get there without picking a fight with nato first . 
  a lawsuit is a civil and not a criminal trial . 
  the government would have nothing to do with punishment in your example . 
  the difference between a lawsuit and an actual crime is kind of a big deal . 
  additionally , intent is also important . 
  continuing with your example , there 's a huge difference between making a concerted effort to get the public at large to believe that someone is a pedophile , and a comedian delivering a satirical poem . 
  of course , even in civil cases , the bar is set much higher when it involves public officials here . 
  as a politician , it 's expected that people are going to sling insults at you . 
  what , you think that obama sued everyone who called him a nazi ? 
  if someone insulted me , as a random citizen , like that , a judge might be willing to hear a case about libel or slander . 
  if a head of state tried to make that case , a judge would tell him to fuck right off . 
  does france really * want * anything to do with africa though ? 
  france 's former empire is a bunch of borderline failed states with very little in common to france . 
  britain 's former empire in north america alone have more money and power than the entire eu . 
  it 's not really an equal comparison . 
  this sounds more like a threat than anything else . 
  `` stay in the eu , or we 're going to send random strangers to hug you ! '', 
  well , we 've currently got roughly 10 million people from south and central america here illegally . 
  we 've got half the population of the eu and three times the immigrants . 
  why do n't you guys take some of them ? 
  not that it matters . 
  clearly this is a dick measuring contest . 
  that 's the important thing here , who 's got a bigger burden / s. 
  as per your edit , i 'd be willing to bet that it 's either unpaid bills or just your friend exaggerating . 
  i guess the electric car could explain it , but i kind of doubt it . 
  if the bill is legitimately almost $ 1000 a month , then they 're using something like eight times the average amount of power of most la residents . 
  if he 's in a cheaper part of california , it 's more like twelve times . 
  the bill is even more expensive than the average * commercial * bill for the state , so there 's no way he got there accidentally . 
  i think you 've got some issues in your calculations . 
  my little brother lives in la and he does n't pay anywhere near $ 630 a month in energy . 
  but that 's just an anecdote . 
  here , have some actual data . 
  according to the energy information administration , the average electricity bill in california is less than $ 100 a month . 
  it 's using the stat for cali as a whole instead of just la , but even looking at the non-contiguous states which charge .29 c , they 're at less than $ 200 per month . 
  pdf warning http://www.eia.gov/electricity/sales_revenue_price/pdf/table5_a.pdf, 
  it kind of strikes me that that is the crux of the issue for both sides in the eu and scotland debates . 
  there 's just no precedent for what will happen if a leave vote wins . 
  by necessity , each side basically has to make up their predictions as they go along and just hope that it plays out well . 
  there are certainly places where the government is the biggest employer here . 
  but the thing is , `` biggest employer '' is n't the same as `` only employer '' . 
  but even if it was , it would be a local monopoly at best ; there 's nothing stopping you from just driving an hour away into the next county and just working for someone else there . 
  maybe i just misinterpreted your original point though . 
   you know why it 's half the cost of nuclear power in the usa and so much safer ? 
  we do n't look for `` profit '' . 
  there 's nobody outside of the power utility & costs to pay . 
  now the usa get fucked over because 90 % of the utilities ' money is branded as `` profit '' ( ie stolen by `` shareholders '' and `` executives '' who are busy `` making as much profit as we can '' ) . 
  here we do n't have that , so that money is used on maintenance and lowering prices and stuff instead and we do n't have 1000 $ monthly bills like in cali as a result ; because it 's a state service and not a `` profit making company '' . 
  probably worth pointing out that this is completely made up . 
  the only place in america that has more expensive power than germany is hawaii . 
  in los angeles the average cost for energy is 21.3 cents/kwh ( http://www.bls.gov/regions/west/news-release/averageenergyprices_losangeles.htm ) . 
  despite being more than 50 % higher than the american average , it 's still noticeably cheaper than germany . 
  unless you 're running a server farm or something , there 's nowhere that has an energy bill of 1000 euros/month . 
  not only is that not communism , that 's also not true . 
  there 's no particular reason that they * could n't * work somewhere else , it 's simply that they do n't want to . 
  there are a ton of applicable private sector jobs for basically all military careers , and veterans typically have preferential hiring status . 
  admittedly , if the government itself is insolvent that 's a problem , but that 's true of literally every country on the planet . 
  if the government does n't work , there 's a problem . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant `` no unemployment * or * poverty . '', 
  in theory , there 's no poverty in communist states because the needs of everyone are met by the state . 
  you forgot the other disadvantage : no functioning examples in history . 
  that 's not fair . 
  the stuff taken from china is pretty good too . 
  besides , it 's not like weed is what drives the international drug markets . 
  even if public perceptions on weed are changing , courts still throw the book at basically all other drugs , and i do n't see that changing any time soon . 
  yeah , those words are effectively synonymous in american english . 
  presumably because international military agreements do n't operate under flimsy aspects of german domestic law . 
  no it does n't . 
  it says that there were mines that were made in america ( and belgium , italy , and the uk ) were found there , not that the americans put them there . 
  additionally , seeing as it goes on to the demining progress as of 1996 , it 's pretty unlikely that they 're from the american invasion which happened seven years later . 
  of course , it 's also completely unsourced , so there 's that too . 
   and if you 're a politician dodging your own tax programs , perhaps it 's high time for tax reforms . 
  perhaps it is . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  instead of having an honest discussion about taxes , people in power price gouge regular people with taxes , while using their power and influence to dodge the taxes themselves . 
  * that * is the problem .
