  it 'll wear them down pretty quick . 
  even if they theoretically * could * win , it would n't be worth it to even try . 
   i do n't mind the amount of firearms as such , but the lack of consistent regulation , oversight and education about them is a serious issue this is a huge issue which goes pretty much under the radar in most gun conversations . 
  gun laws very by state to an absolutely absurd degree , and this variation completely undercuts any meaningful change . 
  a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . 
  so , let 's say that georgia decides that they 've had enough of gun violence , and really clamp down on gun control . 
  from now on if you want a gun , you have to get a license , go though a bunch of training classes , register all of your guns and new purchases with the government , and pay an extra tax for each weapon . 
  a person can go through all that hassle if they still want a gun ... or they can drive 5 hours to florida , and buy a gun off the street , and just take it back home . 
  no one will ever know . 
  so the new law is a massive pain in the ass for law abiding citizens , and does absolutely nothing to deter criminals . 
  for any actual change to take place , you * need * sweeping reform and power consolidation to be done at the federal level . 
  but that 's pretty much impossible because of how unpopular it would be . 
  even if it did somehow get accomplished , it would likely be decades before we saw any positive outcome ; right now there are hundreds of millions of guns in the us , and no one 's sure where most of them are . 
  you 're being more than a bit dramatic there . 
  for day to day life the only thing i 've ever needed is my driver 's license . 
  passport only gets used when i 'm leaving the country . 
  and i ca n't remember the last time i actually needed to show my ss card for something . 
  that their business contracts ca n't be trusted . 
  this deal was set up years in advance . 
  even now , it 's not as though france really has a dog in the ukraine/russia situation . 
  even though what russia 's doing is , without a question , wrong , it does n't impact france in the slightest . 
  and finally , the ships themselves are basically irrelevant to any possible russian war effort ( if russia is planning on a neighbor , they 're winning with or without those ships , and if russia gets attacked by nato then two more ships are n't going to help them at all ) . 
  it 's a damned if you do , damned if you do n't situation for france . 
  so they might as well follow through with it and take the money . 
  no , once we win you will have to call it soccer . 
  it might take a thousand more world cups , but it 's coming . 
  people blew this whole issue way out of proportion . 
  i 'm not at all happy about this deal , but my distaste is pretty much entirely based on principle , not practical concern . 
  aside from the fact that caving on this deal would cost france millions of dollars and seriously hurt its international credibility , it 's not as though it really changes the balance of power much . 
  two ships does not an armada make . 
  any third world country that russia might choose to invade would be weak enough to lose that war anyway . 
  meanwhile , nato countries still have nothing to fear because nato accounts for something like 80 % of global naval forces . 
  i do n't think that really counts . 
  that might be what the name is derived from , but it does n't have any meaning for us . 
  pretty much every month and day of the week in english is named for something pagan . 
  this title promised something amazing , and did not deliver . 
  it did n't even mention the strategic brain reserves of each country, 
   driving drunk ? 
  if your caught your fine will be $ 170 instead of $ 150 if you blood alacohol level is over 0.1 % that fine will be $ 400 . 
  just do n't drink when you know you will be driving . 
  are there any other penalties for drunk driving in belgium other than that fine ? 
  400 euros seems kind of paltry, 
  ah yes , the noble hand-turkey . 
  a bird second in honor only to the bald eagle that abraham lincoln flew into battle . 
  the united states of america was founded in 1776 , when god sent his two sons , jesus and george washington , to personally sunder the armies of the evil british communists and rain fire down upon their heretical heads for attempting to take away our m-16s . 
  shortly thereafter , the newly formed american army defeated the dinosaurs which plagued most of the continent , and in thanks , the indians gave us their land to settle and call our own . 
  edit : wow , thanks for the gold guys . 
  it does my heart good to see that people so greatly value education, 
  well , the south in general has a lot of problems , and one of the biggest is with drug cartels coming up through mexico . 
  but i 'm guessing that the really big numbers you 're seeing in those maps are because of hurricane katrina . 
  new orleans was basically destroyed and millions of people wound up getting displaced . 
  i 'm pretty sure these things are * already * illegal in the uk . 
  also a bit off topic but , `` 1 in 3 girls in developing countries is married by the age of 18 '' ? 
  i 'd never want to get married at 18 but how is this a problem ? 
  you 're an adult by that point . 
  that 's exactly why it 's so easy to give up on fusion though . 
  after decades of work and billions of dollars , the pinnacle of our achievement is that we 've stopped losing energy , and we can continue not losing energy for minutes at a time . 
  an achievement which can be duplicated by just not turning the machine on in the first place . 
  in half a century , fusion has gone from being literally worse than useless to being * just * useless for 90 seconds , before going back to being worse than useless . 
  do n't get me wrong , i personally think it 's a worthwhile pursuit . 
  the money we pump into fusion research is really just chump change when you look at the rest of the budget , and if it ever works the payoff will be massive . 
  but it 's still a pretty hard sell . 
  in ** theory ** fusion is basically the magic bullet for all our energy needs . 
  it generates significantly more energy then traditional nuclear reactions , and nuclear is already pretty good . 
  and we know for a fact that fusion is a real thing , seeing as we use it for bombs . 
  the problem is that to date , it takes more energy to contain a fusion reaction than the reaction generates . 
  it 's been like this since day one , and even after more than half a century which has seen leaps and bounds in just about every other field , the same basic problems still persist . 
  this has lead lots of people to believe that it 's just a wasted effort . 
  even if fusion power is theoretically possible , we 're so far away from making it practical that it 's not even on the horizon . 
  after billions of dollars and decades of research going absolutely nowhere , many people are of the opinion that we 're better off putting the time and resources we 're throwing at fusion into just about anything else . 
  even if fusion might be the better investment * eventually * , something like solar is available * now * , so we might as well put the money into that and then revisit fusion after we 've made some more leaps in material science or something . 
  edit : note , i 'm not exactly an expert in the field of nuclear fusion . 
  the issues involved are obviously a lot more complex . 
  but the tl ; dr is that if it ever works it 'll be revolutionary . 
  but right now it does n't work , and there 's no reason to think that it 's ever going to work in the immediate future . 
  this means that a lot of people see it as a waste of resources which could be better spent elsewhere . 
  as long as we do n't lose by more than 1 , i think we got this !, 
  edit : looks like the final is ger-1 , us-0 . 
  you guys know what that means ? 
  usa wins !!, 
  i dunno to be honest . 
  the issue does n't seem to have made a big splash here . 
  but subcommittees are small , so it could just be that the house one happened to find a couple people who really like fusion reactors or obama , while the senate one does n't . 
  but to be honest , i can * almost * see why the senate is trying to kill it . 
  practical fusion has been five years away for the last fifty years . 
  a lot of people think that it 's basically a myth , and even more are under the impression that even if we can get it to work , it would just be cheaper to buy it from someone else and reverse engineer it or something . 
  everyone 's under pressure to cut some pork , so this is a really easy way for someone to say `` look at us !, 
  we cut this program and saved 50 billion dollars !, 
  ( estimated , over 50 years ) '' . 
  it 's ultimately just a pointless drop in the bucket , but they can spin it to look better . 
  the article says that people in the iter program think it 's just some political posturing , which i 'm inclined to agree with . 
  before people who did n't read the article but got suckered in by the title get up in arms , as of now the us * is not * pulling out of the project . 
  there is a senate subcommittee which has voted to drastically cut the budget , and has been very vocal about wanting to leave altogether . 
  however , the house subcommittee on the matter has voted to actually * increase * the budget by 50 % next year . 
  the house bill also has presidential support , so i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that we 're probably not going to bail on the project . 
  `` the collection eventually grew to house 12,000 items from around the world '' 12,000 items ? 
  amateurs . 
  maybe unban the book , but require that a percentage of the proceeds go to charity ? 
  that might be a fun way to spite him and the neo-nazis that are going to buy it . 
  i 'd say they 're half right .
