  i think communism is a really cool guy , eh fights the capitalists and does n't afraid of anything . 
  you 'd think he would have learned his lesson after marrying the first one . 
  people complain about germany having too much power and economic pull over the rest of the union . 
  the us would account for about 50 % of the eu economy and about a third of the eu population . 
  seems like it could hurt a lot . 
  i 'm more confused about why they 're showing a map of europe when they 're doing a story about the iowa caucuses . 
  hey , 80 rubles is n't anything to sneeze at . 
  the state department is only giving me $ .07 per post . 
  argentina can into white !, 
  homicide rate in america is something like 5.6 . 
  safety is kind of a moot point when talking about american tourism because portugal and greece are both quite a bit safer than the us . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that it 's the lack of advertising and a lack of cultural prestige which account for why portugal scores so low . 
  i literally have no idea what 's in portugal , but athens is considered the birthplace of democracy here . 
  worked out pretty well for us . 
  fuck you dad you never understand us !, 
   obviously this is a planted story in the ny times and propagated by numerous other media outlets . 
  presumably it has been planted in the ny times by persons unknown in the cia / us government . 
  that 's a really nice tinfoil hat you got there . 
  without question , turkey is getting a lot more flack than those other countries for helping isis , but it 's not because of some conspiracy . 
  it 's because turkey is supposed to be an ally . 
  no one gives a shit that the saudis are unofficially supporting isis because it 's expected of them . 
  but turkey is in nato , and has spent the last couple of decades trying to style itself has a western , secular democracy ( though this has been getting thrown out the window lately ) . 
  the west expects better from turkey , so the constant stonewalling has been seen as a bigger issue than whatever the hell libya is doing . 
  short term pain is going to happen regardless , but long term success is far from guaranteed . 
  going by the polls , even if the independence vote does win , it 's going to be narrow . 
  nearly half the country does n't want independence . 
  that 's a very unsettling number , and it 's going to cause lots of doubt about the success of the new country . 
  further , while i personally think that scotland will be able to join the eu , that 's not assured yet . 
  there 's a lot of room for things to go wrong . 
  sticking with the pound at least mitigates risks a little bit . 
  even if everything else goes tits up , at least scotland wo n't undergo a complete currency collapse . 
  it 's a stable currency that 's already in circulation . 
  rolling out their own scottish pound would be very easy ( seeing as scotland already issues its own notes which are very different from english ones ) , but the value would probably tank . 
  a newly independent country leaving a union after hundreds of years , with unclear eu membership status does not bode well from a confidence standpoint . 
  even if the currency winds up being stable in the long run , it 'll be a big shock early on for sure . 
  so that really leaves them with the options of switching to the euro , and sticking with british pound . 
  the euro is just kind of a pain , because they need to actually get the notes into circulation , get the entire population familiar with the value of the euro , and get stores to switch over from charging in pounds to euros . 
  it 's obviously not impossible , but it 's a hassle without tons of benefit . 
  just being pegged to the pound is a lot simpler for everyone . 
  yeah , i can understand your concerns . 
  college costs are insane . 
  it cost me $ 20k a year just to go to one of the state schools here in the us . 
  a cheaper degree from abroad is definitely appealing . 
  that said , there are two important things to keep in mind . 
  the first is that , as a foreigner , things are likely going to be more expensive . 
  your duel citizenship might help , but you should take care to make sure you 're actually going to be getting the rate that you think you are . 
  more importantly though is that a cheap degree you ca n't use is still a waste of money . 
  business is kind of tough because it encompasses so many things , but a lot of the more specialized subsets are really dependent on geography . 
  law , management , and accounting kind of need to be taken near where you plan on working , but things like marketing might be applicable anywhere . 
  one thing that i should really point out though is that you seem a bit confused about what studying abroad usually entails . 
  while you certainly can get a degree in a different country , that 's not usually what people talk about when they say they studied abroad . 
  normally people go to school in their own country , and then spend a year in a different country through a program put together by their own school . 
  it 's usually a lot easier than actually registering in a foreign country , and the stakes are a lot lower . 
  what languages do you speak , where do you want to work , have you ever lived away from home before , and how specialized is your planned degree ? 
  language is going to be your first hurdle . 
  if you only know english , then your options are going to be limited quite a bit . 
  it 's not going to be impossible ( some universities definitely do have english language courses despite being in non-english speaking countries ) , but you 're going to have really narrowed possibilities . 
  next up , if you 've never lived on your own , you 're probably making a huge mistake . 
  a lot of kids crash and burn when they go to college because they ca n't handle the freedom . 
  it 's bad enough when you 're just going to school in a new city , and going to a new country is a massive leap . 
  in addition , if you 've never been out of canada before , you really might want to reconsider . 
  finally , you need to keep in mind that where you physically are when you take classes can have a big impact on their usefulness . 
  anything relating to law or resulting in licensing will be largely invalidated if you leave the country . 
  depending on what exactly you 're planning to study in the business field , this could be a deal breaker unless you 're planning on spending your life in the country you 're going to school in . 
  further , especially when it comes to business , connections and networking mean a lot . 
  a `` better '' school might wind up being less useful to you than a worse school , if the worse school has more graduates and connections in the region/field you want to work with . 
  translation , anyone ? 
  my ukrainian reading ability is a bit limited , by which i mean to say it 's nonexistent . 
  you 'd be amazed at some of the completely boneheaded things smart people think once you get outside of their field of expertise . 
  it 's kind of surprising when you hear about something like this , but it 's ( sadly ) not all that rare . 
  yes , as it stands right now you can just use a proxy to get american google results . 
  that may or may not change in the future though . 
  ca n't we just label the whole thing eurasia and call it a day ? 
  tomorrow night is the fiba championship basketball game , between serbia and america . 
  oh , and congrats on the silver medal serbia , you had a good run . 
  well , after reading that mess , i have two things to say . 
  one : this is not at all appropriate for this sub . 
  two : despite the fact that vermont is right next door to me , i have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  you may be a crazy person . 
  suspended , not cancelled . 
  russia 's still ( probably ) going to get the ships , so there 's no reason to not let them test it . 
  where do you plan on living ? 
  a degree from a foreign country is neat , but it does n't open anywhere near as many doors as a domestic one will . 
  get your degree from a school in the country you want to work at , and then study abroad for a year or so in the other . 
  remove tea remove tea july 4 best day of my life !, 
  countries in europe have their own nukes , and america has even more . 
  they 're not a great threat . 
  the sanctions * already * mattered in this deal . 
  china was able to get away with seriously lowballing russia because alternatives were limited . 
  besides , even if things really settle down with russia tomorrow , there 's been a huge push to get off of fossil fuels anyway . 
  europe might not be importing fuel at all 20 years down the road , and if they are , it might be coming from america or canada . 
  it 's political suicide * now * . 
  in the event that russia was ever seriously in a position to actually attack a germany which was isolated from nato and had no cavalry on the way , the political fallout would probably be mitigated a bit . 
  the general point though is that germany would n't be in immediate danger from russia even if the us left because there are easier targets . 
  for western europe , it probably would n't matter , at least in the short term . 
  france and britain have nuclear weapons , germany could get them pretty easily , and russia probably is n't strong enough to fight any of them at the moment . 
  it would cause lots of problems later on if they did n't bulk up quickly , but we 're probably talking about a couple decades buffer time . 
  for eastern europe though , things are quite a bit different . 
  even if russia did n't attempt to reclaim any of its old stomping ground , there would probably be panic if the us pulled out of nato without making defense pacts with the former ssrs . 
  * maybe * the remaining members of nato/the eu would be enough to keep rufed at bay , but i do n't know anyone who would be willing to bank on it .
