  even using the definition of racism which is most beneficial to her argument , she 's still full of crap . 
  canada is n't really a viable model to follow though . 
  the reason that canada does n't have problems with unskilled or illegal immigrants is because there 's no way for unskilled or illegal immigrants to make it to canada . 
  the only country it shares a land border with is america , and sailing across the pacific or atlantic is a lot more difficult and expensive than a short trip across the mediterranean . 
  america has mexico , europe has africa , but canada does n't really have anything comparable . 
  even if we use the `` racism = prejudice + power '' definition ( which is n't universally accepted ) , it 's still totally possible for a minority to be racist . 
  any minority who is in a position of power , or knows someone in a position of power , has the opportunity to disenfranchise people of other races . 
  you make a good point . 
  as we all know , the longer a territory remains a colony of a foreign empire , the better it does when it gains independence . 
  / s and even if your claim is true , you 're setting the bar pretty low . 
  most of the countries in the caribbean are pretty much third world . 
  that 's a fair point , but it 's not like vietnam does n't have a lot of facebook users . 
  http://english.vietnamnet.vn/fms/science-it/103044/facebook-has-25-million-users-in-vietnam.html while only about a third of the population uses facebook , that 's still 25 million users . 
  to hit the 12k fans , merkel only needs like 1 out of 2000 users in the country to like her page . 
  it 's not that far fetched . 
  granted , i 'm not saying that the `` like farms '' do n't exist , because they almost certainly do . 
  but in this particular instance , i 'm not sure they 're really being used . 
  based on what ? 
  vietnam has a population of more than 90 million people . 
  egypt is only shy of 90 million as well . 
  even morocco is above 30 million . 
  it 's not really that hard to believe that 12 thousand people might be interested in european affairs . 
  is there anyone who would say * no * ? 
  your question is effectively `` would you prefer your immigrants to be wealthy and hold relatively similar cultural values to your own , or would you prefer immigrants that are poor and will likely have difficulty integrating ? '', 
  also , eurovision has confirmed that australia is in europe , so it 's a moot point . 
  plus that whole `` losing 10 % of total population '' thing . 
  it 's not overly common to win after being * literally * decimated by the enemy . 
  the nsa is more experienced and has more resources to troll through the massive amounts of data . 
  at the same time , the relationship works as a shield for the bnd . 
  if anyone were to ever find out about the spying ( which we did ) , they could blame the whole thing on the evil americans , despite the fact that they were equally responsible . 
  as for what the nsa gets out of the deal , it 's pretty hard to say . 
  officially it 's better protection from potential terrorist attacks . 
  what they 're * actually * doing , if anything , is up in the air . 
  probably looking for all sorts of new and creative porn to jerk off to . 
  but basically , the whole deal works out great for both governments . 
  the germans get more efficient data management and protection from public outcry ( for a while ) , while the americans get unfettered access to even more data . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  well , except for all of the regular people who are getting spied on . 
  it kind of sucks for us . 
  but there 's less than a 2 year difference ... 
  that sounds delicious . 
  fattest country in europe huh ? 
  maybe you should start claiming to be 1/32 american . 
  can i be a mod ? 
  i 'm not in europe and do n't know how the modding tools work . 
  they do n't * need * to beat the russian army though . 
  they 're a part of nato . 
  they just need to last long enough for the cavalry to arrive . 
  besides , it 's not as if russia would ever invade * just * estonia ; their forces would be split in multiple areas . 
  polan stronk !, 
  it should really come as no surprise that poland won . 
  really , the poles should be ashamed of themselves . 
  picking a medieval fight with a country that did n't even have a medieval period . 
  for shame . 
  oh the italians . 
  mvp of the allies . 
  i mean , the soviets did most of the heavy lifting for sure . 
  the nazis suffered like 3/4ths of their losses fighting the soviets . 
  but it 's not like no one else contributed . 
  the british and the soviets would have been crushed if the us was n't bankrolling and supplying both of them , and without american troops the allies would never have been able to make any ground in the west . 
  but without the british , the whole western front would have collapsed altogether long before the americans really got involved in a serious capacity . 
  if the nazis could have thrown all of their forces against the soviets , they very well may have been victorious . 
  not to mention the fact that the british made up a sizable amount of the troops who were responsible for liberating western europe . 
  we did n't leave the * commonwealth * either ... 
  `` should america worry ? '', 
  or rather , no more than usual . 
  russia already has icbms , which fly faster and deliver a bigger payload than the tu-160 . 
  it 's a really cool plane , but that 's about it . 
  shit america , get it together . 
  our riots do n't look anywhere near this cool . 
  that 's partly true , but race is a significant factor as well . 
  if you 're white , you 're more likely to get a slap on the wrist for most crimes , especially if it 's your first infraction . 
  minorities routinely are put under more scrutiny from police , and are given harsher sentences when they do break the law . 
  this is really important because once you get a criminal record , you 're sunk . 
  your options are basically limited to running your own business , minimum wage jobs , or something illegal . 
  no one wants to hire a criminal afterall . 
  so , if you 're a middle class white kid , and you get into a fight , or get caught with a small amount of drugs , you 'll get a fine , probation , and the scare of your life . 
  if you 're black , you 'll get a jail sentence , which will ruin your life unless the records are sealed for some reason . 
  and if you 're rich , then you 'll just get slaps on the wrist forever , not that it matters because you do n't need a job anyway . 
  maybe those russians are n't so bad after all . 
  if you want that sweet , sweet bacon , you know what you need to do . 
  are n't out of control spacecraft traditionally bad news in general ? 
  i wonder if we 're allowed to use that argument now . 
  seriously , the graphs are shit . 
   they are also kind of confusing , it looks like interracial is still illegal in some states . 
  this might actually be true , at least from a technical perspective . 
  once the supreme court made their decision , it became illegal to ban mixed marriages . 
  however , that does n't actually change the laws on the books in the various states . 
  unless those 16 states then went through the totally symbolic and legally empty process of repealing the anti-marriage laws , then it 's still illegal according to state law . 
  obviously not enforced , but it 's still there . 
  not according to wikipedia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/depleted_uranium#ammunition this article is a bit older ( 2003 ) , but i have n't found anything to contradict it . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in_depth/2860759.stm there was a lot of political pressure to not use du ammo , but it did n't work . 
  to be fair , america has more money , power , and unity than asia in general , and an economy which is expected to overtake the eu in a few years . 
  if people are worried that countries and companies will use isdss as a policy bludgeon , americans are going to be a hell of a lot better at it than anyone else . 
  to be a bit more blunt , it seems to me that people think that europe will have the upper hand when dealing with asia , but be at a disadvantage with america . 
  of course , it 's a moot point seeing as there 's already a ton of isds agreements in place even without ttip , and most isdss are actually launched by europeans . 
  i know you post lots of dumb things op , but this is one of my new favorites . 
  while i do n't doubt it , are there any sources ? 
  the wikipedia page is unsourced .
