  you 'd much rather have one you never need , then need a plan you do n't have . 
  even if the situation you 're planning for is preposterous and incredibly unlikely , it 's better safe than sorry . 
  yes , but the solution is for the europeans to pull their weight a bit more , not to cut ties completely . 
  breaking nato is a really silly solution for everyone involved . 
  i 'm not that horrified . 
  also , i was under the impression that these particular whales are n't endangered . 
  these threads come up all the time , all across reddit . 
  and every single time , i 'm amazed by the number of people who have never seen a globe , or even just a different type of map projection before . 
  he 's a linguist by trade , and a hack at absolutely everything else . 
  no , he 's right . 
  i mean , it worked out so well the * first * time europe colonized africa , right ? 
  stalker , you say ? 
   i agree that you probably are n't equipped to fight a developed country , but then that country does n't have the power projection and is n't equipped with the technology to fight you either , nobody really has much power projection except the usa these days . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  the uk and france are ranked 5th and 6th by virtue of the fact that almost no one in the world has much military power . 
  these countries owned half the damn world 60 years ago , and now they are frankly the bottom tier when it comes to actual global powers . 
  and those two are the * best * in europe . 
  when it comes right down to it , most of the `` powerful '' countries in europe , the ones which traditional dominated global politics over most of recent history , have n't actually seen any real combat in half a century . 
  now , i 'm not saying that the lack of violence in europe recently is a bad thing obviously . 
  but there 's no getting around the fact that , from a military standpoint , europe is a shadow of its former power . 
  sounds like we found a few countries that could use a nice heaping helping of freedom ^ tm, 
  yes , i 'm sure that slacktivism from foreigners will get a national leader to bow out of the most important summit in the recent history of his country . 
  are n't you throwing in the towel a bit early ? 
  america honestly did n't even become a real country until a full century after it was formally founded . 
  of course europe 's not going to be jumping on the federation train this soon . 
  as much as the people in this sub like to decry the `` evils '' of nationalism , just about every country in europe has about a thousand years of history and national identities which are distinct from their neighbors . 
  we 've already seen a few steps in that direction get taken , but we 're honestly looking at * decades * before a real federation is even possible . 
  oh you get that a lot here too . 
  but for all practical purposes , fully half of congress is * always * made up of people from the other party to start with , while the majority of people within your own party still cater to their local interests rather than your own . 
  it makes it really easy to hate congress as a whole . 
  if your congressman advocates for a program which benefits your state , it 's encouraging development and being responsive to local needs . 
  if someone else does it though , it 's pork , wasteful spending , and nepotism . 
  even if they 're in the same party as you . 
  also a bit dubious when you consider the fact that the massive amount of money the us spends on both the military and healthcare indirectly subsidizes the rest of the world anyway . 
  that 's basically it exactly . 
  just about everyone in congress has won their seat by a huge margin . 
  no matter where you go , most people are under the opinion that their own guy is great , it 's just that everyone else in congress is terrible . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was being sarcastic . 
  from what i recall , bild is n't exactly the most ... unbiased source . 
  it 's pretty much a tabloid . 
  germans preparing for world war iii confirmed . 
  sorry , i 'm going to have to disagree with you here . 
  chomsky is an absolutely brilliant linguist , who completely revolutionized the field . 
  but when it comes to political science , the guy is a hack . 
  he makes completely unfounded , indefensible claims on a massive range of issues on a fairly regular basis . 
  he 's akin to michael moore in the sense that even people who agree with his ideals find him to be a poor messenger . 
  the us accounts for about 20 % of the global economy , and its debts are completely manageable . 
  the situations are n't even remotely similar . 
  it 's kind of hard to make a comparison . 
  it 's only rewarding if you win . 
  there 's no way in hell greece would win . 
  they 'd be massively outgunned , become international pariahs , and utterly wreck what 's left of their economy . 
  there is no victory condition for greece in this scenario , which is one of the ( many ) reasons why it wo n't happen . 
  people are way too butthurt over this . 
  as long as there 's a translation , who cares ? 
  yes . 
  everyone was snooping on everyone . 
  remember how upset the german government acted at the us , only for news to come out a few months later that they were funneling america the information themselves ? 
  even though everyone 's doing it , and everyone knows that everyone 's doing it , they still have to act angry about it to keep up appearances . 
  it 's not really a similar situation . 
  1 : the us is a country , while the eu is a supernational organization . 
  2 : membership in the eu is * clearly * optional , while , prior to the civil war , it was unclear if membership status within the us was optional . 
  no one had tried , and there were no provisions about what to do if a state wanted to leave . 
  even if the secession was based on legal measures rather than war , there 's no way that anyone could have known ahead of time if it was allowed . 
  there were legitimate arguments to be made on both sides . 
  3 : even prior to the civil war , the us was much more united than the eu is today . 
  it had been an independent country for more than a century by the time of the civil war . 
  4 : history looks poorly upon the confederates because their entire purpose was to defend a morally reprehensible institution . 
  no matter what anyone says , slavery was the big issue in the civil war . 
  yeah there were other factors involved , but slavery was a vector for just about everything . 
  `` states rights '' were about the right to have slaves , and the south frequently attempted to infringe upon the rights of states which did not support slavery . 
  the economic differences were due to the fact that southern economy was primarily slave-based agriculture , as opposed to northern industrialism ( and wage slavery , but that 's a different issue ) . 
  keeping government small and close to home is completely hypocritical when 20 % of your population is legally considered to be inhuman . 
  edit : it 's also easier to say that the north winning the civil war was a good thing because we know how things turned out , and it 's gone pretty well . 
  we do n't know the future of the eu , so there 's no real sense of accomplishment yet . 
  that 's true . 
  it would also probably constitute an act of war against libya . 
  however , that 's irrelevant , because there are n't any countries which are both strong enough to stop the eu countries , and motivated enough to care . 
  implying wales is a country . 
  if any of the stories about her are even half true , then her furniture says more about her than about culture in general . 
  the thing is , that would n't really make much of a difference if we 're talking practically . 
  most of the countries in eastern europe are very pro-nato . 
  i ca n't imagine that the us would ever give up on the former warsaw pact countries which have switched sides . 
  so geographically , it does n't really matter if countries like germany are in the club or not . 
  for all practical purposes , they 're going to be under the aegis of american protection anyway , because the only way for a country like russia to get to them would be to go through an american backed country . 
  this survey has popped up about a dozen times today . 
  and while i 'm not happy about the results , i ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  everyone wants to have their cake and eat it too . 
  they want all the protection that comes from being in nato without any of the risk . 
  while as an american that attitude pisses me off , i 'm not sure i can honestly say that i 'd be any different if our positions were reversed . 
  it 's just human nature . 
  if we 're being honest though , european countries being unwilling to act does n't really change the security situation all that much as long as america is still willing to pull the trigger . 
  no one joins nato so that germany protects them . 
  or rather , it does n't change much in the immediate future . 
  thirty years down the road it is entirely possible that the us wo n't be able to hold the line alone . 
  but for now they can . 
  it 's more of an insult than it is an actual threat . 
  we 've got it in america too . 
  american ( style ) cheese , the thing everyone gets butthurt about , is only for grilling on burgers . 
  anyone eating it in any other way is probably a terrorist .
