  yes . 
  the poles and russians were slavic untermench , not real people . 
  the british and americans are of inferior but still viable stock , so they 'd be given some measure of respect . 
  the french would probably be the problem of vichy . 
  since the war against france ended , would they even count as pows ? 
  also , i forgot the canadians . 
  they got red cross packages as well . 
  there were care packages sent by the red cross . 
  the germans actually generally respected the red cross for most of the war , at least when it came to british and american soldiers who were white and christian . 
  no one likes rail in the us . 
  everyone has cars . 
  if it 's a short distance you can drive , and if it 's a long one you fly ( or drive ) . 
  the northeast actually does have commuter rail . 
  amtrak runs the best possible route in the country and it * still * operates at a loss . 
  there 's no way rail would be practical for really anywhere else in the country . 
  even worse , no one is going to want to pay the taxes needed for the government to prop up such an unpopular industry . 
  that 's honestly kind of a `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' situation . 
  obama does n't `` know '' what the nsa is doing because he knows that if he did , he 'd have to stop them . 
  it 's willful ignorance , not a rogue agency . 
  exactly . 
  this is what gets lost in the immigration debate in both europe and america . 
  yes , legal immigration is * technically * possible . 
  but unless you 're being actively courted , or have connections to someone powerful , you 're just rolling the dice and you 'll probably never get in . 
  even if you have a perfect record and all your documentation and forms are in order , it still could literally take decades , and at any given time you can get dropped out of the pool without warning . 
  i 'm not sure what the actually solution to the immigration crisis is , but immigration services in so many countries are completely broken . 
  does this include aid from corporations , religious institutes , and private citizens , or just from the government ? 
  i 'd agree with him . 
  american immigration laws are incredibly draconian . 
  the reason that we have 10 million illegal immigrants is because legally immigrating to the us requires only marginally less luck than winning the lottery . 
  unless you know a senator or ceo , then it 's going to take the better part of the decade , even if you 're fluent in english , have no criminal record , no family , no debts , have a job lined up , and fill out all of the forms perfectly . 
  if we fixed the immigration system , then illegal immigration , and most of the problems that it brings , would be partially rectified . 
  but he 's not a murderer . 
  all he did was take luggage . 
  at absolute worst , he 's guilty for 300,000 cases of petty theft . 
  literally everyone in germany who was n't in a resistance movement was complacent in nazi warcrimes . 
  he 's no more guilty than any other 93 year old in germany today . 
  it 's good that he 's being so open about his history and is willing to take his punishment , but if it results in his death it would be a gross miscarriage of justice, 
  i 'm sure there 's a few more than three . 
  besides , they 're only training , what , 900 soldiers ? 
  you do n't need a ton of advisers for that . 
  besides , if we 're talking about keeping the russians from attacking , then three is two more than necessary . 
  can you * imagine * the fallout from russians killing an american solider in a ( nominally ) neutral country ? 
  to be fair , a good part of that is because shootings which happen to take place * near * schools , even if they do n't involve the school itself or anyone who goes there get counted as school shootings . 
  of course , even if we discount those , the us rate is still * way * above europe 's . 
  well , the parent conversation was about cuba , so i was referencing the cuban missile crisis . 
  in exchange for the secret removal of american weapons from turkey and a promise not to invade cuba , the russians pulled their nukes out of the region as well . 
  but the ussr negotiated a peace agreement with the united states to avoid conflict in cuba once tensions got too hot . 
  putin would need to be * worse * than the soviets . 
  while my gut reaction is to blame religious nutjobs , it 's also probably worth pointing out that this question could be interpreted in a few ways . 
  we 've got a lot junk science in the us , and we also have a long history of terrible science being used to justify things which were bad or just stupid . 
  we have `` scientists '' who say that global warming is made up . 
  we have `` scientists '' who say that vaccines cause autism . 
  plus there was that whole eugenics thing . 
  obviously science is n't bad . 
  but there 's a horrible tendency for people to just blindly put their faith in something because they hear the word `` science '' , only to wind up doing something stupid . 
  any good scientist knows that skepticism is a health part of the profession . 
  ... or maybe it really is just the bible thumpers . 
  who knows ? 
  this seems kind of useless as no one really uses imperial units . 
  there 's american customary units , which does get used , but that 's a different thing . 
  still , nice try op . 
  make the necessary edits and resubmit and i 'll bump up your grade a bit . 
  do n't get me wrong , germany obviously did some terrible things , and the consequences of nazi actions still have an impact on the world today . 
  but at this point , we 're so far removed from the war that reparations are punishing people who had nothing to do with the crimes . 
  i seriously doubt that there are any working germany tax payers ( the people who would be paying these reparations ) who had any serious and willful involvement with the nazis at all . 
  world war ii ended literally the better part of a century ago . 
  and ultimately , every country has fucked over just about every other country at some point . 
  should the english be forced to pay reparations to the people who claim irish decent in america because their grandparents were forced out of their homes ? 
  should catholics be forced to pay reparations to protestants for the inquisition ... which would then be paid back to catholics , and then back to protestants again ? 
  at a certain point , putting a price on the damages caused by one country to another becomes an effort in futility , and at 70 years down the pipe , we have definitely hit that with greece and germany . 
  the whole reparations debate is just an attempt to shift the responsibility of the financial crisis away from the greeks themselves . 
  well , have you looked at mars lately ? 
  i have n't seen any dragons up there ... 
  i for one welcome the birth of our glorious imperium under god emperor sielgaudys, 
  yeah , i 'm with you on this . 
  human life is worth more than animal life . 
  dog would n't be my first choice , but if you 're hungry , you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  the same way the rest of us do . 
  as long as we 're more heavily armed than the teachers , they ca n't punish us . 
  i will probably be on fire . 
  if russians attack america , they 're attacking with nuclear weapons . 
  the idea that simply not having weapons inherently opens you up to autocracy is absurd . 
  the fact that most governments ( especially in the developed world ) are actually made up by people who are popularly selected and who generally have no wish to see their homes become dictatorships is probably the best defense against tyranny . 
  that said , iraq proves how effective having weapons in the hands of citizens can be , even in the modern era . 
  yeah , you 're not going to * win * against a real army , but you can make it basically impossible to actually manage a country . 
  if the government can only enforce its will when a tank is literally in the area , then it severely undercuts how much control they actually have . 
  there 's no way a civilian can shoot down a plane , but they can still shoot soldiers , police , politicians , and judges . 
  there are n't enough tanks to protect all of them . 
  get out of here s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  get out of here s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  get out of here s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  get out of here s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  get out of here s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  get out of here s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  ... i said come in , do n't stand there !, 
  in pursuit of purely scientific advancement , i had determined that it 's mostly a waste of time . 
  the vast majority are simply women wearing tube tops or bathing suits . 
  title was sadly misleading . 
  though i did run into a 300 pound women who was completely naked in europe , and another one in africa , so there 's that . 
  `` we 're planning to shoot an asteroid to see what happens '' is probably one of the most american sentences i 've ever seen .
