  in a lot of these cities , you 're seeing resistance from liberals due to morality and public safety reasons , and conservatives for fiscal and state 's rights reasons . 
  on the side of the federal government though , resources are spread just as thin . 
  even if trump did manage to basically double the number of ice agents like he said he wanted to , it would still take a very long time to actually make a serious dent in the number of people here illegally . 
  hell , they do n't even need to be hiding . 
  according to wikipedia , there 's less than 30,000 people employed by the swedish police authority . 
  even if every single person denied residency is just patiently waiting at a known location , it would still take forever for the police to go and pick up each and every one of them . 
  i 'm not sure about australia , but in the us , the lack of resources on the part of ice ( immigration and customs enforcement ) and the local police is an absolutely massive issue , and it causes literally millions of people to fall through the cracks in our system . 
  the feds are trying to force the states and municipalities to step up their role in deportations because they do n't have the manpower , and the states and towns do n't have the funds to handle such a huge , unfunded mandate . 
  so is sitting around doing nothing while chemical weapons get used on civilians fine ? 
  pick your poison man . 
  there 's not going to be a clean response to the scenario either way . 
  yes , it 's got a really unique name , but it 's slipping my mind . 
  what was it again ? 
  the `` animal '' and `` noun '' tavern ? 
  yes , it should . 
  it was n't a joke . 
  it says usdick in the article . 
  that 's a meaningless analogy for two reasons . 
  1 : we 've seen time and again that the eu and local governments are unable to keep up with the flow of migrants entering europe . 
  it 's not 1 person a night every night vs. all 30 on one night . 
  it 's 30 people per night vs. 900 all at once ; either way , the guard is still unable to keep up . 
  2 : more importantly , you still have n't addressed the fact that the million person figure * is n't * bullshit . 
  no one 's saying that a million africans are coming tomorrow , but there 's definitely a million coming over a fairly small period of time in the immediate future , and there 's no reason to think that the flow is going to be dwindling any time soon . 
  i 'm not sure i can follow your logic . 
  if there 's `` only '' 150,000 people coming from africa ( which obviously is n't true , because there are africans coming via turkey ) , that 's still more than a million in less than seven years . 
  the problem * is n't * legal migration or approved refugees though . 
  canada `` gets it right '' by virtue of having incredibly helpful geography . 
  it has a single land border , with the richest country in the world . 
  there 's a thousand miles of open sea on both coasts between canada and any other country . 
  it 's incredibly difficult to get to canada without going through the us , and the overwhelming majority of migrants consider the us to be good enough . 
  even now with the widely publicized stories of migrants illegally entering canada from the us , it 's a few hundred people out of literally ten million . 
  europe does not have the same barriers to entry , and so migrants can and do flood across the borders without going through the vetting system . 
  the rest of it is just corn / s, 
  america are smart !, 
  c ) it 's also pointless due to geography . 
  let 's say germany gets suspended . 
  so what ? 
  germany is still under the aegis of nato protection because everyone * around * germany is still in nato . 
  there 's no way for russia ( or china , or whoever ) to attack germany because there 's no path there that wo n't kick off a nato conflict regardless . 
  even if it was n't a completely terrible idea , it would still only be an effective threat against border countries in the east , which really are n't the states that the us really wants to pressure on the subject . 
  i 'm not totally sure how vat works , but is n't it a sales tax ? 
  how do they not pay that ? 
  do they just get discounts everywhere they go ? 
  bro , 50 % of all people in america are irish ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) it wo n't slow the nsa down at all . 
  you do n't need to choose between nato and the eu . 
  while god-emperor trump might actually consider everyone in europe to be vassals ( or maybe he does n't , who knows ? 
  ) , standing us policy for decades has just been to try to get the europeans to stop being dead weight . 
  it does n't matter if you throw 2 % into your own national army , a regional force , or an eu military , just as long as it 's * somewhere * . 
  that said , it 's not that crazy to think that a european state would consider throwing throwing their lot in with the us when it comes to security . 
  america is the most powerful nation in all of history . 
  the eu military as a serious contender wo n't even * exist * for a few decades . 
  does it * really * ? 
  all i 'm saying is i 've never seen the pacific and atlantic oceans in the same place at the same time . 
  kind of suspicious . 
  same way they got there the first time . 
  what do you mean `` smear campaign '' ? 
  trump has * earned * all the flak he gets . 
  he 's utterly anathema to a huge chunk of the population on both the personal and professional levels . 
  as a person , he 's a racist , sexist , obnoxious , self-obsessed , thin-skinned asshole . 
  as a politician , most of his ideas are absurd . 
  the wall building and slashing all departments except for defense is a complete misuse of funds . 
  his healthcare plan takes all the bad parts of obamace and ramps them up , while shooting a few of the working points in the foot . 
  his only good idea was in negotiating drug prices ( which , to give him his due , is something that we should have been doing years ago and would be a meaningful improvement ) . 
  the first travel ban was an unambiguous shitshow . 
  as for the second , even if we take him at his word that it is n't racist ( which we should n't , given how many times he has called for a muslim ban in the past ) , he still has yet to demonstrate any actual need for it . 
  and that 's not even getting started on the disgusting claims he makes about the election being rigged ( you 're god damn right it was rigged ; you lost by 3 fucking million votes but still got the job ) , the unfounded claims of illegal wiretapping , and his general attempts to undermine democracy and free press . 
  oh , and the ever-mounting pile of evidence of at least some level of collusion with the russians . 
  and that 's just the summary . 
  it would be simpler to just stab the soldier and then take the gun . 
  cutting the straps while grappling would be extremely difficult . 
  of course , the real difficult part is actually getting into stabbing distance of a guy with a gun . 
  beating the us is a pretty low bar to set seeing as we adamantly refuse to send anyone under the auspices of the un . 
  the us really does n't like putting our troops under the command of foreigners , especially ones who are n't in nato . 
  if i had to hazard a guess , i 'd say that part of the reason that european numbers are so low is for similar reasons . 
  for example , there were something like ten thousand european troops who went into afghanistan ; while the action was sanctioned by the un , they officially went there as nato soldiers enforcing un mandates , not as un peacekeepers . 
  they 're ok fighting for the un , but they 're probably a bit hesitant to be lead by people of questionable competence . 
  i 'll save you the time : texas unambiguously does * not * have the right to secede . 
  they * can * split themselves up into a maximum of five different states though . 
  so i guess technically texas could get out of the union by disbanding itself , but all of the successor states would still stay in the us so it 's a moot point . 
   tax evasion in luxembourg is a thing of the past , it 's not like in the juncker days anymore ah yes , the far off and distant shores of ... 2013 . 
  ancient history to be sure . 
  no reason for such a remote stigma to still exist in these modern times . 
  or farms . 
  or kitchens . 
  when was the last time you saw a janitor speak english ? 
  there 's a bunch of fields that would absolutely collapse if we did n't have immigrants propping them up . 
  anyone else think it 's kind of amusing that after all the shit we do on a regular basis , changing the * tax code * is the line in the sand ? 
  the damn commies won . 
  joke 's on you , we 've already got them for everything . 
  if you work five days a week , that 's like 500 euro a year in bus fare then , using the 10 rides for 9.95 . 
  it 's not crazy expensive , but it 's not a negligible amount of money . 
  you just ca n't handle the freedom ^ tm, 
   actually , in the case of engineering and medicine it definitely is n't up to the employer . 
  if you 're eligible to take the professional exams , you can take them . 
  the `` if you 're eligible '' is the key part though . 
  i 'll use the links you posted as an example . 
  literally the first sentence from the law society of ireland says that you are * not * entitled to practice law based on your irish education . 
  section 3.1 then goes on to clarify that you must petition the bar association to recognize your degree . 
  while this is supposedly just a `` formality '' for new york , no such claim is made in the next two sections . 
  if i 'm reading the document correctly , california does n't care about your degree at all ; it 's your work experience that matters .
