i have n't heard anything about brics in general , but china has n't been overly enthusiastic about russia 's actions . 
  they 're not exactly thrilled that their next door neighbor is directly annexing territory from other countries . 
  they 've used russia 's weakening economic state to price gouge them on that big fuel deal a few months back , but that 's about it . 
  ukraine 's not a big enough issue for anyone to get super involved in . 
  i have no idea why you think that they 'll matter in this conflict though . 
  they might be the wave of the future , but at the moment that 's basically theoretical . 
  these countries do n't agree on much of anything as it is , and the big three ( russia , india , china ) all consider each other as rivals and potential threats . 
  the idea that china ( or really anyone else ) is going to side with russia over the west is a little silly , seeing how deeply tied the chinese economy is to the american one . 
  and of course , brazil and south africa are n't exactly superpowers , and have almost no stake in the game whatsoever , so their ability to apply much pressure in either direction is pretty negligible . 
  further , i 'm also not quire sure why you think that putin will be running the show . 
  even if the brics solidify into a major power ( instead of a hypothetical boogyman ) , russia 's going to be a junior partner . 
  it 's got one tenth the population of india and china , a small and now very shaky economy . 
  the only thing it brings to the table is nuclear weapons , and since india and china already have them , that 's not really a huge deal . 
  not many . 
  according to this report from 2012 , the only country in nato which showed an opinion about that low was greece , at 20 % . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2012/06/13/chapter-4-rating-countries-and-institutions/ ( the graph is at the very bottom of page 5 in chapter 4 ) it might be interesting to point out that the number of people with a favorable opinion about nato in russia is 22 % . 
  nato is more popular in * russia * than in turkey and greece . 
  edit : if anyone else has some other sources for this , i 'd like to see them . 
  these numbers seem kind of odd to me . 
  i 'm a little shocked that france and germany are so high . 
  saudi arabia tops the list at 26 % . 
  the eu , at 25 % is turkey 's second favorite . 
  i guess that 's a win ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was a joke ... 
  it happens when you commit multiple crimes . 
  if i murder 100 people , and each murder has a 20 year minimum conviction , that means i 'll be sentenced to a minimum of 2,000 years in prison ( assuming the sentences are to be served consecutively ) . 
  the worst you can normally get for a single crime is a single life sentence . 
  or death , if you 're in one of those states . 
  my point was that the magnitude is shocking . 
  shooting at people on a highway 700 times is kind of a lot . 
  but it seems the actual answer to my question was that the authorities only had evidence for a handful of crimes ( which begs the question of why they brought up that figure at all ) . 
  according to the article he was involved in more than ** 700 ** shootings over a period of five years . 
  no one died , but this goes above and beyond poor judgement . 
  how did he get such a ridiculously low sentence ? 
  well , the us * bought * guantanamo from cuba about a century ago . 
  russia invaded ukraine and took crimea by force a few months ago . 
  in addition , gitmo is quite a bit smaller than crimea , and the people living there were n't forced to become americans . 
  they 're not even remotely the same thing . 
  even if we 're talking about the things which the us does to prisoners in cuba , we 're still completely apples to oranges here . 
  of course , what really makes people feel worse about crimea than guantanamo ( at least in the us ) , is that the people who are in crimea are all just regular people . 
  the people in guantanamo are ( allegedly ) terrorists . 
  many people view the arguments against keeping the base open as mostly theoretical . 
  yes , holding people without trial is wrong , and waterboarding people is bad , but you 'd probably be shocked at how often that sentence ends with `` even if they deserve it . '', 
  personally , i think that things should change in guantanamo , and that these people should get their day in court . 
  but honestly i 'm saying that entirely out of principle , not because i actually care about these people . 
  and it 's really hard to force a change if society does n't actually care about the people who are having their rights infringed . 
  according to wikipedia , their military spending is only 1.13 % of gdp , but when has that ever stopped anyone ? 
  they 'd still be putting more of their gdp into defense than a third of the other countries , and they 're only a bit behind the next third . 
  there 's only 5 countries which hit the 2 % mark . 
  my great great great great grandfather knew a guy from ireland . 
  that means we 're basically brothers , right ? 
  drinks are on me this round !, 
  hope you like guinness !, 
  i know we 're not supposed to feed the trolls , but what the hell , i 'll bite . 
  post ww2 reconstruction of europe was one of the most wildly successful projects that the american government has undertaken . 
  the majority of the continent is now made up of democratic , stable , states which are currently at peace with each other and primarily allied with the united states . 
  yeah they disagree with us in some areas , and are a bit expensive to protect , but overall things have gone incredibly well . 
  of course not . 
  this is america . 
  the polar bear has a gun . 
  to be fair , even if the holiday technically has its roots in old celtic traditions , it has long since become a thoroughly american thing . 
  of course , the idea that it 's somehow bastardizing culture is idiotic . 
  cultural appropriation and evolution has existed for as long as multiple civilizations have exited . 
  trying to keep your own culture `` pure '' is silly . 
  i mean , it 's half right . 
  the us probably wants to be able to sell gas to europe in the future ( even if it ca n't do so right now ) . 
  but russia is alienating itself just so much better than america ever could . 
  a posse of ... insane clowns . 
  hmm ... well , as long as you keep your trusty magnets close by , you should be safe . 
  `` infested '' might be a strong word . 
  i spend most of my time on here ( since i 'm a paid shill for the cia ) , but i only really think of about 4 americans i see on a regular basis , and one of them 's a mod . 
  no matter what country you 're in or where there from , tourists are always assholes, 
  use this banana to laser designate that tank !, 
  since you brought that table up , everyone 's missing the * really * important rank . 
  best korea . 
  rate of 9.0 . 
  probably due to glorious leader 's magic powers . 
  except that cluster munitions are n't actually illegal according to any of the involved parties . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_on_cluster_munitions#states_parties citing their usage as evidence that the ukrainians are just as wrong as the separatists and russia is kind of silly in this context . 
  if some of the wealthiest and most powerful states leave , it gives the indication that the eu is a sinking ship . 
  this risks causing other states to bail out . 
  if russia wants to fuck the baltic countries , then they will be fucked . 
  the region is n't very defensible to start with , and as you 've said , there are n't exactly tons of allied troops in the region . 
  that said , in the event of an attack , nato nations are obliged to help with the defense . 
  an attack on estonia , latvia , or lithuania would likely be followed by a declaration of war from everyone else . 
  the real worst case scenario is that this leads to a nuclear exchange between russia and america , which is n't really going to end well for anyone . 
  in the event that the conflict stays conventional , russian forces will eventually be forced out of the region by the superior nato forces . 
  the russian military is big , but it 's not * that * big . 
  against nato they 'd not only be outnumbered , but they 'd have to split their forces between the baltics and the pacific coast ( since the americans and canadians could attack from that direction ) . 
  the region being indefensible cuts both ways . 
  the russians could take it , but they would n't be able to hold it for very long . 
  inb4 pedophile terrorists . 
  i see no way in which this law could possibly go wrong or lead to abuse . 
  nope , none whatsoever . 
  `` most '' is always a word i hate to use in contexts like this . 
  i personally do n't have much of a problem with homosexuality , and most of the people in my church do n't seem to be any more prejudiced than anyone else . 
  it 's entirely possible that catholics who are adamantly opposed to homosexuality are in the minority . 
  but there most definitely * are * catholics who hate ( and i do n't mean disapprove , i mean hate ) people who are different , and in my point of view that 's wrong . 
  even if it 's a sin ( and it still is a sin , according to the church ) , it 's no one 's place to judge . 
  all men are sinners after all .
