  i think that was the pope 's main point . 
  of course , you 're totally right that the media enjoys twisting things . 
  i have n't ever read a complete transcript of everything the guy has said on the matter , so it 's entirely possible i 'm missing the point . 
  i do n't know where you got the idea that the pope is the only person who matters in the church , but you are gravely mistaken . 
  he 's the most important individual person , but it 's not like he 's got absolute power to micromanage absolutely everything . 
  as we 've seen , it 's very difficult to force a change in viewpoint if that change is seen as unpopular or controversial . 
  as for speaking * ex cathedra * , that 's a very rare occurrence . 
  papal infallibility only applies in very specific circumstances , and francis was most certainly * not * speaking * ex cathedra * when he was talking about gays . 
  as for what the bible says , it 's true that it 's largely silent about condemning homosexuality in the new testament , but that 's irrelevant . 
  much of church doctrine is either not taken directly from the bible , or relies upon changing interpretations of what the bible means . 
  if everyone involved in the catholic church suddenly decided that homosexuality was perfectly fine and gay marriage should be accepted , then that 's what would happen , regardless of what leviticus says . 
  now , francis has clearly * not * come out as being in favor of completely reversing the church 's stance on homosexuality . 
  he 's spoken out against the blanket condemnation and hatred that many people in the church feel towards gays , and that 's all . 
  sadly , as we 've seen , even that call is seen as too liberal and controversial , and has been rejected by many catholics . 
  it 's sad , but i ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  the pope has been making great strides to improve the church , but he 's still just one man . 
  unless he 's willing to start excommunicating people for disagreeing with him ( which would be terrible ) , then his hands are a bit tied . 
  still , it 's not like francis was taking a huge step or anything . 
  he was n't saying we had approve gay marriage or ordain gay priests . 
  he was just saying that it 's not the church 's place to throw stones . 
  it 's god 's place to judge , so if being gay really is an unforgivable sin , then it 's a problem that should be dealt with in the next life . 
  it 's too bad he has n't even been able to get people on board with that . 
  good for the mayor for doing what 's right . 
  but that 's why russian sausage is superior !, 
  it is utilitarian and multipurpose !, 
  not at all like decadent capitalist fascist sausage which is only good for eating !, 
  implying that there are people in alaska . 
  on topic though , is this even a serious topic for discussion in russia ? 
  it strikes me as an off the cuff joke that the media is trying to spin into a story . 
  that , or this guy is just the russian version of sarah palin . 
  that 's not really what he 's saying though . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , his problem with including the drugs and sex is that it 's not really a `` growth surge '' , it 's just adding in some pre-existing figures which everyone already knew were there to give the * illusion * of growth . 
  the economy is n't getting better , they 're just cooking the books a bit . 
  get invaded by russia ? 
  yeah , that seems like a pretty important mistake to avoid, 
  you 're the one who is unaware . 
  nato accounts for nearly all global naval power . 
  the us fleet is larger by tonnage than the next 12 put together , and of the next 12 most are either nato or american allies ( which means they wo n't be siding with the russians ) . 
  the russian navy meanwhile is a shell of its former soviet glory . 
  4 ships carrying 16 helicopters each wo n't stand much of a chance against actual aircraft carriers carrying 90 fighter jets . 
  with or without these extra 4 ships , russia is doomed . 
  of course , that 's assuming a war will ever actually happen , which it wo n't . 
  until nukes go away , there 's not going to be a real war between nato and russia . 
  all these ships do is give russia the ability to bully small , non-nato states . 
  which is something they can already do . 
  the rafale is better , but is it better enough ? 
  they cost like 5 times as much . 
  are they 5 times better though ? 
  if poland has a limited amount of money to spend on jets , they can either get ten rafales or fifty f-16s . 
   if you do n't sell them , you loose 3bn and `` reputation '' ... among cruel dictators in 3rd world countries i guess . 
  the reputation loss is from just about everyone in the world that buys weapons . 
  france is a massive arms dealer . 
  but competition in the field is extremely stiff . 
  if the french get a reputation for letting political disputes interfere with contracts , then buyers will take their business to the us/uk/germany / whoever . 
  the 3bn loss from not delivering the ships is bad , but the future lost business is arguably worse . 
   and if you do n't , you might get 6bn , might get 3bn from nato for mistrals and might have a bunch of good ships on your side when war with russia becomes a thing . 
  how many of them , 4 ? 
  and russia wo n't have them then , so it 's a net benefit of 8 ships in our favor when/if that happens . 
  that 's kind of a silly argument . 
  in a theoretical war with russia , it 's not going to be france 's navy versus russia 's navy . 
  it 's going to be the navies of everyone in nato versus russia 's . 
  with or without these minstrals , russia is going to be blown out of the water ( sorry for the pun ) . 
  they 're grossly outgunned in this regard . 
  but buggery is a ton of fun ... 
  til what the word `` shirtfront '' means . 
  this sounds ... kinda terrible . 
   first of all we must cut down the politicians in the goverment to a third of the current number this seems both arbitrary ( why a third ? ), 
  and very bad . 
  we do n't need * less * representation . 
  people already complain about the ep being undemocratic , so the solution is most certainly * not * to even further cut down the number of people running the show . 
  really , this applies to just about every democracy ; the fewer people running , the larger their constituency is , which means at the individual level , each voter is less important and more marginalized . 
   some rules must made simpler in order to make the government work . 
  laws are n't usually made very complex just to arbitrarily make them more difficult to comply with . 
  the reason they 're so detailed and complex is because very simple , broad laws are far too inflexible . 
  for example , we 'll take something very basic . 
  `` it 's illegal to kill people . '', 
  seems reasonable , right ? 
  what about self defense ? 
  what about the police and military ? 
  do accidental deaths carry the same punishment as an intentional killing ? 
  right off the bat , you need a bunch of qualifiers . 
  it 's like that with just about every law ever . 
   if a minister is not doing a good job , it is the prime minister 's fault and he will be fired . 
  once a year there will be a peoples vote about his doings . 
  is he voted down he will be fired the first part is untrue . 
  unless you intend to give the prime minister dictatorial powers , then he 's not completely responsible for how things are going . 
  he 's always going to be at least partially blocked by opposition . 
  as for the second part about being unpopular , that means it 's basically impossible to push an agenda which is painful but necessary . 
  constantly shuffling people in and out each year will make it even more difficult for the government to get anything done . 
   furthermore individual persons are no longer allowed to own more than a hundred million . 
  firms and companies are not allowed more than nine hundred and ninety nine million . 
  sorry , but this is just idiotic , for a few reasons . 
  what justification is there for an arbitrary cap on personal wealth ? 
  further , what are you counting as wealth ( see my earlier point about overly-simple laws ) . 
  it 's not like most billionaires actually keep a billion dollars in cash in their bank accounts . 
  as for the corporate cap , congratulations on ensuring that every major multinational in the world will flee europe . 
   the richer persons have to pay the most taxes . 
  the richer the more tax this is already a thing in most countries , is n't it ? 
  even in the us the wealthy have at least nominally higher tax rates than the poor . 
  and returning to simple laws * again * , what 's the tax rate going to be ?
