  all the hypocritical public indignation was just done for voter consumption . 
   german is the second most studied language in japan after english . 
  exactly . 
  japan has a much closer relationship to germany than most of the rest of asia , and even there it 's only second best to english . 
  and that 's what the conversation keeps circling back to ; unless you 're talking about doing business specifically with one of the handful of states that are german speaking , you 've got much better coverage speaking something else . 
   lets also remember how during bush , he wanted to put ukraine and georgia in nato . 
  and look how that turned out . 
  russia has since invaded both of those places . 
  poland has american missiles , but it means they do n't need to worry about russian tanks . 
  this is basically the flipside of the `` hitler ate sugar '' fallacy . 
  just because saudia arabia is a country that does a ton of bad things , it does n't mean that literally every thing they say is wrong . 
  it 's not like this is ancient history . 
  poland has suffered russian abuses within living memory , well before they became `` bffs '' with america . 
  they , and everyone else in the former ussr or the soviet sphere of influence , is right to be wary of russia today . 
  and that food !, 
  yeah , that 's never going to happen . 
  i seriously doubt that the us would actually accept this proposal , and there 's no way in hell that china or russia would . 
  taking away the ability to veto defeats the point of the unsc . 
  if the un tries to strongarm one of the big 5 into doing something against their will , they 're just going to leave . 
  the constitution * can * be amended , but the thing you need to understand is that most people * do n't want to * . 
  high gun ownership and high gun crime rates ca n't be blamed on the republicans , the nra , and sheeple ; the fact of the matter is that most americans , across party lines and demographics , like guns . 
  or at the very least , do n't dislike them enough to want to change the 2nd amendment . 
  right wing nationalism has been a thing in the us for literally decades , britain has always had a tumultuous relationship with europe , and there are n't major race riots going on . 
  i mean , syria might . 
  man that sucks . 
  i 'm paying a bit more than $ .09, 
  `` is claims responsibility for penetrating a hamburg . 
  america fires nuclear warhead in retaliation '' . 
  which is why they 're trying to bring him back to sweden . 
  so they can resolve the case . 
  which is what typically happens when people are accused of crimes like sexual assault . 
   southern netherlands the politically correct term is `` far west german '', 
  we 've still got burma and liberia . 
  with them at our side , we 're unstoppable !, 
  consumed in such large quantities that they lead to intoxication and then stabbing a russian ? 
  i do n't think you can blame it on hollywood . 
  german is much more difficult to learn than spanish in many ways . 
  the grammar rules are much more complicated , there 's three different genders , and there 's no simple way to know what the gender is just from sight . 
  i mean , except for how it 's not . 
  there 's a 20:1 ratio . 
  simple numbers make it safer to assume that the speaker is from brazil , * especially * since they were talking about someone who was n't in europe . 
  not knowing that portugal exists is pretty bad , but it 's pretty reasonable to assume that speaking portuguese means brazilian . 
  there 's literally 20 times as many brazilians as there are portuguese , and they 're probably quite a bit more common in north america . 
  obviously it 's not there . 
  we already know that romania is of gypsy . 
  you do n't google questions you already know how to answer . 
  yep . 
  you wo n't go to jail , but your neighbors will probably hate you . 
  the cops will probably keep an eye on you as well and will nail you as soon as you step out of line , but there 's nothing they can do about the flag itself . 
  that 's kind of a nonsensical point of view . 
  the us has 10 million illegal immigrants , and millions more legal ones . 
  we have more migrants than europe , despite having a stronger national identity . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say they 're probably unrelated data points . 
  i honestly ca n't recall * ever * hearing the anthem at school outside of a sporting event or something . 
  worked for the germans in ww1 too . 
  the uk is a fairly large market in its own right though . 
  while it is less relevant without the eu , it 's still the 5th largest economy in the world and has a population of like 60 million . 
  ireland is almost completely irrelevant without access to the eu . 
  i 'm not totally sure if that 's true , and even if it was , it certainly does n't mean that the case wo n't just be immediately thrown out of court . 
   how is it that the 5 permanent members of the unsc are also the 5 biggest arms exporters in the world ? 
  because as it turns out , military force kind of matters . 
  the unsc represents the overwhelming majority of global military power and economic force , as well as about a quarter of global civilization . 
  the idea that any of them would be willing to be bound to votes which go drastically against their own interests is laughable . 
  this is what people do n't get . 
  the un is n't * supposed * to be a world governing body . 
  it 's a forum . 
  if the the members of the security council got overruled and legislation got pushed through , they 'd just ignore it and pull out . 
  edit : you know , like what happened with the league of nations . 
  which was a complete failure . 
  what kind of god damn terrorist puts ketchup on pizza ? 
  war is good for business , unless it 's not . 
  while i agree that we should step up a bit more , most of the people heading into europe * are n't * refugees . 
  they 're economic migrants . 
  and unless you guys want to start taking the more than 10 million ones we already have , there 's not much reason for us to get involved on that front . 
  no one 's suggesting that soldiers should n't have guns . 
  they 're also the least useful . 
  most combat fatalities are n't the result of rifle bullets , they 're from explosions . 
  it 's kind of hard to justify buying hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of new guns and then retraining people to use them when they are only marginally better than what 's already in use . 
  do n't be silly . 
  the british do n't have toothpaste . 
  i 'm not positive if you 're correct in saying it 's worth 1 % of the original price , but even if you are , the ring was like $ 3 million . 
  that 's still a 30k payday . 
  they got a bunch of low skill jobs with a ton of government support and likely benefits paid to the employers . 
  if they * keep * these jobs they 're a benefit . 
  if they lose the jobs in 4 months and fail to get new ones , or only find new ones with a ton of support , they 're a drain . 
  not if you 've already got a buyer in mind . 
  plus , as has also been pointed out , you can always melt the precious metals down and remove the stones . 
  wo n't be worth quite as much , but still a lot . 
  more importantly , now that mexico is floating in the atlantic , do we still need to build a wall ? 
  and if so , will iceland pay for it ? 
  one country sold out their neighbors to fascists , and the other sacrificed more soldiers fighting them than any other country in western europe , despite not even being on the same continent . 
  just saying that `` everyone did bad things so everyone 's equal '' is the trademark of the academically lazy . 
  i 'd say they are . 
  they 're not like , the absolute best wings that exist on the planet , but they beat the hell out of places like buffalo wild wings or hooters ( i know , i know , no one goes there for wings ) , and i 'd consider them superior to a lot of the wings served in various pubs and restaurants i 've been to . 
  the boneless wings in particular are some of the best i 've ever had . 
  i 've only ever been to the amherst one though . 
  i ca n't say how the other locations compare . 
  once you stop using the fucking stone , then we 'll talk . 
  wings over is a chain . 
  sort of .
