  again , i 'm not saying that threat of violence is the * only * thing that keeps people in line . 
  i 'm not even necessarily saying that it 's the most important factor . 
  but to deny that it is a factor is silly , because it most certainly does exist . 
   only in theory . 
  in practice , all us and europe interventions everywhere since after ww2 have made things worse you ca n't prove that . 
  even if you could , it 's irrelevant because the question is n't `` should force always be used ? '', 
  it 's `` should force sometimes be used ? '' . 
  since you bring up ww2 , that 's a pretty good example that sometimes force is needed . 
   do n't just skim through links , actually read them . 
  iceland 's police are n't allowed to use violence , unless first agreed by the community police in all democratic countries get the authority from the community to use force . 
  they do n't typically have to ask permission each and every time they use force , but it is still approved of . 
  if the community * did n't * want police to be able to use force , they 'd vote to change it . 
   the government is nothing abstract . 
  it 's a group of people . 
  if people are so damn bad that we need the threat of force to maintain order , then they are also too bad to be in positions with the authority to enforce order . 
  i do n't follow this argument . 
  bad people definitely exist , and bad people can definitely be in charge of governments , so it seems that you 're kind of floundering here . 
  more importantly though , i 'm not saying that all people are always bad all the time and only respond to a constant use of actual force . 
  i 'm saying that the threat of force exists everywhere . 
  it might not be the primary response from the government ( after all , most of the population does n't commit crimes at all , and of those that do , most do n't try to violently resist arrest ) , but threat is always somewhere down the pipe . 
  if you break the laws and then defy law enforcement for long enough , it 's a known fact that sooner or later you will be dealt with using some level of force . 
   self-defense is fine , but the thought process of `` using force to deal with international threats '' is n't used for that , it 's used to justify illegal attacks in syria , iraq , pakistan , afghanistan and elsewhere . 
  where does the buck stop ? 
  we can argue about specific instances where force made things worse ( such as iraq ) , but what 's the alternative ? 
  the options are effectively `` use force to attempt to stop the problem '' or `` do nothing and hope the problem goes away . '', 
   the media just loves to make us feel disenfranchised from the world around us ... nobody considers the possibility that they might be the ones that will have to enforce that `` order '' or that the `` order '' will be enforced on them , so they cynically agree to supporting their neighbors ' death or subjugation . 
  if `` order '' is maintained through force instead of solidarity then maybe we need to change that , rather than defend it i 've got no idea what your point is here . 
  it 's not some sort of media conspiracy that makes people willing to accept force , it 's part of being in a society . 
  as a society , people have agreed to give certain powers to the government which they themselves are not allowed to exercise . 
   you describe this so casually and find nothing wrong with it ? 
  you value this as a civilized society that opposition to the status quo is met with violence ? 
  or that violence by the police is legal ? 
  in iceland it is n't and people are doing fine , but nobody 's telling you that , do they ? 
  see , that comment about iceland proves my point . 
  the * threat * of violence is omnipresent . 
  if you break a law , you 've got two options ; let the cops arrest you , or resist arrest . 
  if you resist you know that they * will * use force . 
  maybe they 'll just lead off with clubs and tazers instead of guns , but that 's still force ( and if you manage to overcome the clubs , you know that the cops are going to return with even more force , whether that means guns or just more officers ) . 
  if the police were n't able to use force , there would never be any reason for you to * not * resist arrest . 
  now , pay close attention because i 'm not supporting police brutality or anything like that . 
  police do not have a blank check to attack citizens without cause . 
  but the simple fact is that power stems from the barrel of a gun . 
  it 's an authority that society * empowers * the government with . 
  why is this disturbing ? 
  order everywhere is maintained through the threat of force . 
  if you break a law in your country , you get arrested . 
  men with guns will physically restrain you , and depending on the circumstances , might actually kill you . 
  at the international level , there 's hardly even the pretext of law . 
  we 've seen it time and again ; the un can be safely ignored in most circumstances * because they ca n't use force most of the time * . 
  yeah , that 's pretty accurate . 
  is has the ability to blow up a few buildings and kill a handful of people in the us . 
  russia has the ability to kill the majority of the global population in a nuclear fireball . 
  even if the us and russia were to become strong allies , i 'm pretty sure it would * still * be a bigger threat than is . 
  is is probably more likely to actually launch an attack on the west than russia is , but russia can hit so much harder . 
  cool story bro, 
  it 's because most crashes do n't involve the plane plummeting out of the sky at cruising altitude , they happen pretty close to regular takeoff and landing . 
  6 londoners take advantage of free wifi , ignoring pointless experiment . 
  alternatively : 6 londoners take advantage of free wifi , correctly realizing that the terms of use are completely impossible to enforce . 
  what of it ? 
  google translate leaves a lot to be desired , but from what i see the big point is choice . 
  children are being forced to wear these things for supposed backwards cultural/religious reasons . 
  the article says that if an adult wants to wear one , that 's their choice , but children do n't actually get an option . 
  but that 's the way of all cultural/religious traditions . 
  young jews do n't typically wear their yarmulkes as a fashion statement , they do it because their parents told them to . 
  laws should either apply equally or they should n't exist . 
  if the point of this law is to force kids to adopt norwegian social norms so that they can fit in , then there 's no reason to limit the forced changes solely to muslims . 
  edit : note that i 'm just using the yarmulkes thing as an example . 
  my question can also apply to any sort of traditional garb which kids are forced to wear by their parents . 
  should yarmulkes be banned as well ? 
  i think banning hijabs is a bit excessive , but if they 're going to do it , the act might as well be consistent . 
  `` bad title '' error page . 
  not even wikipedia knows what the hell snus are lol, 
  implying that 's not how europe actually is, 
  even if they do , what 's that going to change ? 
  it 's not just france and britain that have been keeping russia in check . 
  there 's only 19 people in sweden , and the central pillars of their culture are meatballs and cheap furniture . 
  everyone knows that . 
  it 's like a fairy tail , right ? 
  `` countries who are less likely to lie when taking a survey '', 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/poland_can_into_space.png if the mods ask , you did n't see anything , and i was never here . 
  no , america is more reliable because it is more powerful than the entire european defense community put together . 
  even if your argument was true , it still would n't make sense for poland to put its faith completely into europe . 
  and your argument most certainly is n't true . 
  the lack of a formidable european military deterrence is n't because european arms manufacturers are getting shafted . 
  no , they 're still making a killing . 
  but that does n't matter , because only france and the uk actually contribute much to their national defense . 
  arms corporations do n't supply you with the soldiers you actually need to fight a war , and there 's just almost no will within the eu to come up with these soldiers . 
  but even if we give you the benefit of the doubt and say that * maybe * making a concerted effort to only buy european will somehow bring the member states together , and eventually cause them to be self sufficient instead of relying on american defense some time in the future . 
  so what ? 
  the could-be of tomorrow does n't mean shit if russia invades today , and that 's the fear which exists in eastern europe . 
  i do n't quite see your point . 
  these are two unrelated issues . 
  poland cries about `` muh european defense '' because there is n't any . 
  poland ( and really eastern and central europe in general ) constantly favor nato over the eu when it comes to defense because america is more reliable than western europe by orders of magnitude . 
  but the problem is n't that no one 's buying european weapons . 
  profit for the arms industry is not at all the same as having defense capabilities . 
  it does n't matter how much money dassault or bae make , there 's no eu army . 
  and if poland started to buy european 100 % , there still would n't be an eu army . 
  poland choosing to pad the coffers of american corporations over european ones does n't change the fact that out of the 28 states in the eu , only about 4 have even mildly noteworthy defense capabilities . 
  besides , it 's not like the arms industry is hurting in europe .
