  it 's possible that in the face of aggression that europe would coalesce into a stronger unit , but i 've got a hunch that the western states would be willing to just cut their losses and leave the eastern states to the wolves , especially with how germany has been acting . 
   this has already been accelerated in america , and white people will be a minority there by 2043 this is news to me . 
  these predictions always make ridiculous assumptions based on unlimited growth and really sketchy science . 
  the idea that white people are going to be a minority in 30 years is just fear mongering . 
  i 'm gon na go out on a limb and say that this is probably more of the same . 
  even if it 's not though , so what ? 
  national debt and personal debt are not at all the same thing . 
  most of the us debt is owned to other branches of the american government , and a large chunk is owned to american citizens and businesses via bond sales . 
  almost every country on the planet has debt , and the ones that do n't typically have economies so awful that no one is willing to invest in them . 
  i 'm not really up to date with contemporary german domestic politics . 
  would there be any popular support within germany for dismantling the federal government ? 
  it seems like kind of an odd suggestion , especially with how much power the country wields within the eu . 
  well , it was either this or r/worldnews . 
  he 's a shitty comedian , but i do n't really think the police need to get involved , do they ? 
  surely the cops have better things to do than investigate a guy who makes a living by being `` edgy '' in public . 
  try not to cut yourself on that edge there . 
  why would they want to ? 
  national debt is n't inherently a bad thing . 
  selling off all of their cultural treasures does n't fix any of the economic problems in the country . 
  once italy joins the russians , our victory is assured !, 
  burgers and eagles , as far as the eye can see . 
  i mean , it 's technically true . 
  if everyone 's dead , the fighting stops . 
  the real question is why we should want to deescalate at all ? 
  it 's russia that 's in the wrong here . 
  backing down from a thug does n't make them go away , it encourages them to keep up their bullshit . 
  it 's people overreacting . 
  contrary to popular belief , europe is not actually overrun with muslim terrorists . 
  a `` credible russian threat '' is pretty shaky at the moment . 
  russia is a threat to small countries which were formerly in the ussr , but russia probably could n't launch a successful invasion of one of the big western nations , and certainly not all of them . 
  you might see a more codified alliance ( is n't that what the csdp is though ? 
  ) , but that 's still a far cry from a united front . 
  honestly , it would still be the same story as nato , but now instead of free riding off the us , most countries are free riding off of france and the uk . 
  which then brings up back to the issue of equal funding and burden . 
  they already had that fight , and the result is that there 's no eu army . 
  even if the us just up and left nato , the defense spending of some countries in the eu would go up , but there still would n't be an eu army . 
  that 's just it , you 're not trying . 
  social media campaigns are a waste of time . 
  honestly , they 're actually worse than useless because they make people * think * they 're contributing without actually doing anything . 
  i do n't deny that you honestly want to help . 
  but if you do , you 're going to need to actually get out and do things . 
  a bunch of people marching in front of government offices is * infinitely * more effective than a hashtag . 
  the government did n't want people to have machine guns , but actually outright banning them was difficult . 
  there was no way of knowing who actually had automatic weapons , and there was * definitely * no way that they 'd be able to confiscate the guns from people who had bought them legally . 
  so the solution was basically to just declare that they could no longer be sold . 
  the existing stock was allowed to stay , but that 's it . 
  edit : i just checked the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms , and explosives ( atf ) website , and it seems that importing machine guns from abroad are also restricted in the same manner . 
  nothing automatic made after may 19 , 1986 in any country is allowed in on a permanent basis , unless you 're affiliated with a government agency . 
  because this topic always winds up with absolutely insane comparisons to the us filled with misinformation , i 'll just leave this here . 
  federal gun restrictions in the us are very lax . 
  there 's no national registry or background checks . 
  most guns are completely legal to own . 
  the exception to this is automatic weapons . 
  any automatic weapons created after 1986 is illegal , and anything made before then is taxed to a massive degree and does require lots of checks and special permissions . 
  generally speaking , a lot of the remaining stock is owned by firing ranges and things like that . 
  the other big exception is to modifying your own guns . 
  converting a semiautomatic weapon to an automatic is illegal ( and the manufacturers can also get in trouble if they make it easy to convert ) . 
  this leads to odd situations like a piece of string getting identified as a machine gun . 
  no , really . 
  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/jan/2/gun-makers-baffled-by-atf-criteria/?page=all it 's also illegal to do things like cut down a gun 's barrel below a certain length , and other boring things like that . 
  the states meanwhile are generally more strict , though their laws are all over the place . 
  many states * do * require background checks and waiting periods , and also limit the caliber and magazine size of the weapons you can buy . 
  some states even still hold to the old assault weapons ban criteria . 
  of course , some states do n't . 
  there are a few states where it 's actually legal to just walk up to someone on the street and just buy their gun in cash . 
  this means that , no matter how strict one state gets , the law is really only as strict as the weakest link . 
  slacktivism at its finest . 
  putin does n't give a shit about twitter . 
  you 're putting your money on china to be a beacon of hope against the imperialist americans . 
  * china ? 
  * man are you gon na be in for a shock ... 
  if the eu ca n't become its own power , it seems to me that sticking with the us would at the very least be the best of a bad situation . 
  america does bad things , but there 's no way you can say with a straight face that china is better . 
  i think that officially taiwan still claims all of china . 
  unofficially , most of the taiwanese people just consider themselves to be their own country . 
  ~ ~ wake up sheeple !, 
  putin is obviously in the pocket of those homojews in washington . 
  he 's the best thing to ever happen to amerikkka . 
  every time he makes a scene , people move closer to alliance with the west , putting them under control of the illuminati ! ~ ~ really though , if he 's trying to create a pan-european alliance without the us , he 's doing a terrible job . 
  he 's making us look good , and he 's making nato look like an absolute necessity . 
  people look at ukraine , and see what happens when you 're not in nato . 
  makes sense to me . 
  i mean , isis is straight out of the middle ages , and the swiss guard are still dressed up like the renaissance . 
  it 'll be like larping , but with more machine guns . 
  he was . 
  the issue with saudi arabia is kind of similar to pakistan . 
  officially the government is an ally that cracks down on terrorists , but there are a ton of very influential people who support these groups unofficially . 
  i apologize if this seems offensive , but i find it kind of disingenuous for countries like ireland and austria to claim that they are neutral when they are so firmly under the blanket of nato protection . 
  when you 're completely surrounded by nato countries and heavily integrated with the eu , it does n't really matter if you 're officially part of the club because you 're getting all of the benefits anyway . 
  we can talk about most of nato being free riders , but they at least contribute a little . 
  we just landed a rover on mars ... 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  you 're probably one of those nazi communists . 
  i 'm pretty sure both of his posts were sarcastic ... 
  japan and south korea are real shitholes too, 
  things that happen in asia and the middle east are a completely different beast . 
  the us has standing defense agreements with south korea and japan and israel which exist beyond nato . 
  i did n't mention them because not only is europe not involved , but because russia is n't doing much to threaten south korea right now . 
  if russia * did * attack israel or japan something , then yes , the us is obligated to defend them . 
  europe is not , but they 'd probably get drawn in by the us .
