  insane ... although i do n't deny that the russian govt . 
  do indeed fuck with you guys ( cyber incursions , russian minority mobilisation etc. ), 
  to remind you that they are still the neigbhourhood leaders , a behaviour i disagree with but which they will grow out of in time . 
  this only holds true if you believe that america is willing to risk nuclear annihilation to protect estonia , which is not a universal belief . 
  if the russians can roll up and plant their flag without a fight , it 's not * totally * unrealistic to think that the us might just cut their losses and let it happen . 
  if the russians get bogged down with some bloody fighting , even if the estonians lose , there 's a lot more pressure on the rest of nato to actually get in there and do something . 
  seriously . 
  anyone who thinks that guerrillas do n't matter has n't been paying attention to history . 
  it was n't the regular military forces in iraq or afghanistan that were causing casualties . 
  you 're never going to * win * by using irregulars who rely upon ambushes and attacks of opportunity , but you * can * really hamper an invasion/occupation . 
  strategically though , it is pretty true . 
  even your own link concludes with the concession that trench assaults were tactically successful , they basically never amounted to anything practical . 
  once side would storm a trench , get bogged down , fail to take the next trench , then get overrun , with the other side repeating the same scenario . 
  to be fair , the us national guard * is * a militia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/militia_%28united_states%29 admittedly , when i hear the word `` militia '' i immediately think 300 pound rednecks with ridiculous tacticool gats hiding in storage container bunkers defending themselves from the guberment , but that 's not the only definition of the word . 
  not really . 
  instead of `` everyone gets the money back '' it 's `` everyone who makes more than x amount per year gets the money back '' . 
  you 've still got to have different taxes for people regardless . 
  that 's only true if the new agency which handles the ubi is smaller than the other welfare agencies that it 's replacing . 
  and even then , for the majority of people , this kind of taxing is still pretty inefficient . 
  if you tax me $ 200 , and then immediately give me back $ 100 , the net result is n't that i 'm being taxed $ 100 . 
  the actual result is me being taxed $ 100 , plus whatever the costs of actually returning my money are . 
  instead of taxing me $ 200 , giving me back $ 100 , and then giving the other $ 100 to someone else , there 's definitely an argument to be made that it would just be quicker and easier to cut out the middle man , and take $ 100 from me to give to someone directly . 
  even if ubi winds up working for the nation as a whole , on the individual level it feels really silly . 
  well , the man is clearly not at work . 
  you 'd also probably get jailed because of , ya know , assault charges . 
  most countries frown upon vigilantes . 
  purely anecdotal , but i 've run into something similar . 
  literally half of my female friends have told me that they 've been assaulted in some capacity at some point in their life . 
  it 's fucked up . 
  perhaps that 's the point ? 
  they 're going completely cock it up to show how ridiculous these kinds of laws are ? 
  maybe ? 
  please ? 
   while this is funny - the fact is that taking trains over any appreciable distance in the us is , in my experience , much more expensive and much slower than flying . 
  it 's more of a luxury thing to do if you have the time and money . 
  i 've had the same experience . 
  i can either spend $ 300 on a plane ticket and get to my destination in 2 hours , or spend $ 500 and get there in 9 hours . 
  and for small distances trains are just as bad . 
  do i just spend $ 15 on gas and drive for 2 hours to get to where i 'm going , or spend $ 80 for a ticket , drive 20 minutes to the train , spend 2 more hours on it , and then rent a car when i finally reach my stop ? 
  do n't forget turkey , invite them too . 
  but be sure to kick out cypress . 
  i just do n't get that guy . 
  using his logic , america is n't a federation because we have n't annexed canada and mexico . 
  there 's no ocean between us and mexico . 
  u/thielemodululz is correct ; we 're not seeing a spike in immigrants now the way europeans are , but we 've had a pretty large , constant flow for years . 
  there 's 11 million illegal immigrants in america right now . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/19/5-facts-about-illegal-immigration-in-the-u-s/ that 's about 3 % of our total population . 
  and since it 's impossible to be born here without becoming a citizen ( baring a few specific exceptions ) , those are all * first generation * immigrants . 
  the difference in my opinion though is simply that no one comes to america with the expectation that they 'll get to live off of the welfare system . 
  there 's always exceptions of course , but for the most part people come here to work . 
  the same ca n't really be said with a lot of the people heading into europe . 
  most states are like that though . 
  just about every country is actually `` the united states of x '' , `` the federal republic of y '' , or `` the kingdom of z '' . 
  that 's only by virtue of the fact that you ca n't have less than one representative . 
  it 's a functional limitation that you ca n't work around unless the size of congress is greatly expanded . 
  if the russian media could n't find something to be upset about , they 'd just make it up . 
  there 's no point worrying about the spin doctors making propaganda , because they 're going to be doing it regardless . 
  * cough * millions of cases of fraud * cough * . 
  vw got what it deserved . 
  remove burger remove burger 1776 of worsts day of life !, 
  what 's wrong with superhero movies ? 
  films like `` guardians of the galaxy '' or `` the avengers '' have entertaining plots , good writing , interesting characters , impressive cinematography and special/practical effects , and great soundtracks . 
  why ca n't they be considered great ? 
  sounds to me like you 're just pretentious . 
  france and canada have been doing these sorts of things for years , and it has n't exactly turned them into juggernauts . 
  maybe some producers will use this as an opportunity to play catch up and get themselves up to snuff . 
  but i 'd be willing to bet money that what will * actually * happen is that almost everyone will still keep producing the same crap because now they 've got a guaranteed paycheck . 
  if you 're getting paid regardless , there 's not a ton of reason to go above and beyond , you just need to not do bad enough to get shut down . 
  maybe ? 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but it seems to me that that kind of logic applies to strikes in general . 
  you 're asking people to do things they do n't want to do ( pay you better wages , provide benefits , ect ) with the threat of financial harm ( give us what we want , or we 'll dry up all of your revenue ) . 
  but like i said , i 'm not an authority on the issue , so you could be correct . 
  only in certain industries if i 'm not mistaken . 
  if every teacher or cop or something went on strike , they 'd be in violation . 
  people in different professions would be fine . 
  edit : i 've got no idea if it applies to media workers though . 
  `` we 're not good enough to compete on our own , so let 's punish everyone who 's better than us ! '', 
  this punishes both content providers and consumers . 
  for the providers , it means that they 've now got to waste money picking up shitty european shows that they know no one is going to watch . 
  for consumers , it means they 're likely going to lose access to some of the non-european shows they do want to watch , because the producers are going to cut some things to save money . 
  it 's blatant protectionism ; propping up underpreforming domestic producers instead of dealing with the underlying problem that they 're not able to keep up with market demands . 
  to be fair , it can be considered true in the most technical sense ; if texas stops existing because it 's been broken into a handful of other states , it 's not in the union anymore . 
  everyone who lives in the former state of texas will still be in america , but they wo n't be in texas anymore . 
  more seriously though , the supreme court has also unambiguously ruled that unilateral secession is illegal . 
  and the federal government has proven that it is willing to back that law up with force . 
  the encyclopaedia metallum says there 's 22,944 metal bands in america ( http://www.metal-archives.com/lists/us ) . 
  with just shy of 319 million people , it comes out to around 72 per million . 
  sabaton is freaking great . 
  i saw them with nightwish . 
  amazing show . 
  agreed . 
  but whether those fears are valid does n't really factor into whether people buy into them or not . 
  seen as a tool of american imperialism , jeopardizes relations with non-nato states , opens the state up to more pressure for foreigners , threatens sovereignty , threatens local arms industry , paints a target on your back . 
  those are some of the more common ones . 
  the specifics change on a case by case basis . 
  i think the sticking point for a lot of people is that the test is basically filled with random outdated pop culture questions instead of something more substantial . 
  compare it to the kinds of questions you might get asked if you 're trying to become an american for example : https://my.uscis.gov/prep/test/civics things like government , law , and history tend to get more focus . 
  i 'm not sure what other countries do , but i 'm inclined to think that it might be a bit closer to this . 
  got 83 % .
