  where 's the eu going to find $ 600 billion ? 
  hell , even if we say that europe does n't need to actually rival america , where 's the eu going to find an extra $ 100 billion or so ? 
  `` if it 's relevant '' is a really vague term though , and it 's often not clear what 's relevant until after the fact . 
  it 's hard enough to get intelligence agencies within a single country to agree to share information , so getting them to share information with other countries is even harder . 
  you 'll almost certainly be fine . 
  even with this attack , it 's not like europe as a whole is about to fall apart . 
  within about a month of american spying coming to light , we had proof of almost a dozen european states doing the exact same thing , or actively supplying information to the us on their own citizens so that we could analyze it for them . 
  oddly , any time this was brought up , it tended to fly under the radar . 
   also $ 600m for 84 strykers is way too much . 
  something is off here . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  the base model stryker apparently costs just shy of 5 million . 
  the 30 mm cannon is n't standard for the vehicle , and will up the cost even further . 
  the 600 million figure does n't seem like it 's too far off base here . 
  if poland is hungary , why do n't we just send them some turkey ? 
  is it because china has a ton of money ? 
  reddit is nine years old ? 
  implying there are countries which are n't america . 
  how often does any country ? 
  if we kicked out everyone who did n't meet the 2 % mark , nato would just be america , uk most of the time , and a couple of rotating members every few years . 
  not even in the top 5 ? 
  shit england , get it together . 
  if we did that , then there would n't be anyone left . 
  even if we 're the ones doing all the heavy lifting , nato is still a valuable geopolitical institution for us . 
  it 's not like anyone can actually fight against america to start with , so if we 're being objective , a stronger europe does n't * really * do much for us . 
  while i ca n't say that i 'm happy with my tax dollars are subsidizing europe , it 's not like anything would actually change if the europeans started doing more . 
  it 's kind of an unfair comparison . 
  secession in america is illegal , period . 
  in the event that texas attempted to do so without first getting congressional approval , they would be met with force . 
  again . 
  texas would need to win a war against the federal government , an issue which is not present with the eu . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like they 're any more of a drain than most other european states . 
  hell , if anything they 're proportionally better off than the majority . 
  that 's not a very impressive claim , given european states stopped being colonial powers because the very ability to do so was quite literally beaten out of them . 
  and even then , they did their damnedest to hold on to those empires , futilely fighting for them well into the 50s and 60s . 
  there are people who are alive * today * who are former colonial subjects . 
   people from all around the world respect europe because it is a beacon of freedom of expression , secularism and humanitarian beliefs and thats because of us ~ ~ taking a step back from our imperialist ways of the 19th and 20th century ~ ~ causing two world wars and becoming so economically and militarily broken that we were forced to give up our centuries-long colonial empires and cede global influence to america and the ussr fixed that for you . 
  europe in general did n't grant independence to the colonies out benevolence , but out of necessity . 
  so , german media ca n't be trusted . 
  i heard it on a german website . 
  but since german media ca n't be trusted the story is a lie . 
  therefore , german media is completely trustworthy !, 
  finland individually can not into relevance , but the eu as a whole sure as hell can . 
  the bloc has an economy which is as large as america 's . 
  of course china ( and america , and everywhere else ) want smooth and easy access to it . 
  well , china and america have both reached the conclusion that they want to be countries , which is something the eu ca n't say . 
  do countries like china and america have clear , unified , undisputed visions of the future ? 
  of course not . 
  but they 're both more focused and more real . 
  when someone asks `` what should america 's role in the future be ? '', 
  the answers are invariable debates about how much force we should pour into molding the world to our interests and the interests of our allies . 
  when the question `` what should the eu 's role in the future be ? '', 
  the answers range from `` new superpower '' to `` stop existing '' . 
  there 's no objective , there 's no real goal . 
  there 's not even a pretense of united policy or objective outside of the most broad sense . 
  there 's no agreement on how strong the eu government should be . 
  hell , there 's not even agreement about who should be in it . 
  i know it 's an overused and not totally accurate comparison , but the eu is america under the articles of confederation . 
  weak , conflicted , and dominated by individual states which place themselves before the union . 
  this sounds cool and i 'd like to join , but all the links on there are written in some sort of really weird wording and language that i do n't recognize . 
  could you put up some stuff in english ? 
  eu will always into glitter homosex !, 
  of fuck yuos russia !, 
  i could n't agree more . 
  this issue has a really simple solution ; just sell pork and non pork . 
  if you 're jewish or muslim , you do n't eat the pork chop , you eat the hamburger . 
  if you 're vegetarian , eat the pizza or salad . 
  problem solved , everyone wins . 
  yeah , i came here expecting to say `` itt : popular opinions '' . 
  i was wrong . 
  the us has more than 10 million illegal immigrants , nearly all of whom entered via mexico . 
  it 's pretty easy to get here . 
  to be fair , it 's a pretty tenuous stance at least in the us at the moment . 
  while we have a few states that presently do not enforce drug laws and have nominally legalized it , the federal government can still crack down on them at any given time . 
  if obama decided today to go and stop these states from doing so , he could send in the feds to do it . 
  if he does n't , the next president very well could . 
  granted , i think we 're at least going in the legalization direction . 
  weed is n't any worse than booze or tobacco . 
  but until the laws at the federal level chance , it 's premature to say that we 're really any more progressive about it than anyone else . 
  more indicative that the south and central american drug cartels do n't have much reach across the atlantic . 
  does this mean we ca n't send kidnappers to jail ? 
  they 're holding someone against their will , so we ca n't do the same without being hypocrites . 
  that 's a fair question . 
  let me explain it to you in freedom-speak . 
  the eu of today is similar in a lot of ways to america 's congress under the articles of confederation . 
  while at first glance you 'd think that congress would be the top dog , their hands were almost completely tied . 
  they could n't do much of anything unless every state agreed with the idea . 
  and so , congress accomplished almost nothing while the real power was left in the hands of the states . 
  the eu is pretty similar . 
  the real power still resides at the national and not the european level . 
  they can send the crap tier politicians to the eu because the eu is weak . 
  the heavy hitters stay at the national level , because that 's where they have the most impact . 
  quiet you , you 're breaking the circlejerk !, 
  i do n't get all the disparaging remarks . 
  anyone who thinks that a brick house is superior has clearly never had to worry about tornadoes , floods , or hurricanes . 
  while building codes can vary by state , it 's not like we 're living in huts . 
  damn russians , always trying to one up us . 
  if we 're being honest , the various eu governments were n't mad that the americans were spying ( after all , most of them were actively helping while the rest were turning a blind eye ) . 
  they were mad that the americans got caught .
