  it 's not like they 're generally advocating that kind of lifestyle , no matter what the tabloids tell you . 
  it 'd be like the pope publicly condemning the act of burning witches at the stake . 
  benedict arnold is the most famous , without question . 
  his name is literally synonymous with treachery for his actions during the american revolution . 
  ironically , while everyone probably knows he was a traitor , it 's less well known that the revolution probably would have been lost without him . 
  i ca n't really think of anyone else who 's as universally despised as he was . 
  there are tons of people who are hated by some regions , but idolized by others ( for example , anyone involved in the civil war ) . 
  maybe lee harvey oswald , at least for the people who do n't think he was set up for assassinating kennedy . 
  edit : john wilkes booth , lincoln 's assassin , is another one . 
  the only people who are fond of him are white supremacists . 
  i do n't know offhand , but that 's probably unlikely . 
  the awb went into effect in 1994 . 
  the first big school shooting that most people think of was columbine , but that was n't until 1999 . 
  after having a look through wikipedia , it seems that out of the 10 school shootings between 1990 and 1994 , only one used a weapon which would count as an assault weapon . 
  i was just a kid when it went into effect though , so i was n't really paying attention to the reasoning behind it at the time . 
  even if that was the reasoning though , it was flawed logic . 
  i ca n't confirm your theory about drug usage and emotional instability ( even though they seem reasonable ) , but it 's a simple fact that you 're spot on with weapon choice . 
  back when the assault weapons ban was getting debated here , one of the government agencies ( i think it was the fbi , might have been the department of justice ) released a report about criminal gun usage . 
  out of the top ten weapons most commonly used in crime , eight were handguns and two were shotguns . 
  all of the `` assault weapons '' taken together accounted for about 1 % of crimes . 
  actual military weapons were even less common , and i 've never even * heard * of someone committing a crime with an anti-materiel rifle . 
  people get too hung up on appearance and style , and overlook the real problems . 
  a 9mm will kill you just as dead as a .50 . 
  the .50 bmg is really just a range toy . 
  maybe good for hunting big game if you 're not confident with your aim too . 
  it looks pretty scary , but there 's not any real reason to ban it . 
  they 're honestly less dangerous than most other calibers because the guns that use it are giant , expensive , unwieldy , impossible to conceal , and have low capacity . 
  revoking their citizenship and barring them from returning seems to be the most reasonable solution . 
  make it public knowledge that anyone going into the middle east to fight will have their citizenship taken , and if they want it back , they need to prove that they did n't partake in any illegal activities . 
  the burden of proof will be on them to document that they 're not just insane murderers . 
  if they still want to go after that , it 's their problem . 
  out of curiosity though , does anyone know how widespread the problem actually is ? 
  the media is always in a firestorm , so it 's a bit difficult to tell how serious of a concern it is . 
  they talk a big game and have no trouble torturing people who ca n't fight back , but as soon as actual soldiers show up , they hide among women and children . 
  i live in new york state , and i have n't heard a single person say that . 
  the closest thing i 've seen to any sort of `` outrage '' was someone on facebook blaming it on the french , but even that was probably tongue in cheek . 
  mostly it 's just a collective `` meh '' , if they have any reaction at all . 
  approval of putin and of russia in general has collapsed in a pretty spectacular manner since the start of the ukraine crisis in america . 
  the us was actually surprisingly positive about russia prior to the invasion , but all of the good will they 've built up since the end of the cold war has been scrapped . 
  that said , there was a really bizarre phenomenon in which the political talking heads would praise putin for getting shit done , while mocking obama for being weak and ineffectual on a pretty regular basis . 
  it 's not support for the man himself , it 's more in the vein of `` mussolini made the trains run on time '' . 
  it would n't be that hard to take it out of context and spin it to be pro-putin sentiment , even though that 's not really what anyone 's going for . 
  mild confusion before completely falling out of the news ? 
  msnbc , cnn , and even fox all ran pretty much the same story on tv . 
  `` who put it there ? 
  * why ? 
  * and now on to something else . '', 
  it 's kind of disingenuous to completely credit capitalism for the success of ~ ~ worst ~ ~ south korea though . 
  south korea was given a massive amount of support , access to capital , and preferential access to western markets as a matter of geopolitics . 
  the us poured a fortune into making south korea a strong ally . 
  the problem is that africa is huge . 
  it 's not totally unreasonable that if the eu made a concerted effort it could radically improve a few countries , but it would n't be enough , at least not for many , many years . 
  even if they could eventually improve the whole continent and solve the immigration problem , it would still be a really tough sell for europeans . 
  you 're not barring people based on religion , you 're barring people based on engaging in unauthorized foreign military actions . 
  if they really want to come back , make them prove that they did n't engage in any war crimes or terrorist activities . 
  proving that they 're not nutjobs is going to be their problem . 
  as someone who 's actually impacted by the sanctions , do you think they 're the right thing to do ? 
  has it changed your viewpoint on the situation ? 
  it 's not that the us and the uk are drifting apart , it 's that the uk might leave the eu . 
  our influence in the eu fades if the uk is n't a part of it , so the argument goes that we need a backup . 
  poland 's got a fairly large population and military , so if they can get brought up to speed , they 'll be a very helpful ally . 
  i do n't really buy the argument personally though . 
  the us has enjoyed pretty decent relations with much of the countries which had to deal with the ussr since the end of the cold war , and there 's a pretty large polish diaspora here . 
  while it 's not impossible that this has been a plot to undermine the cohesion of the eu , it seems a bit more plausible that the us has just been supporting an ally . 
  stronger and more stable european nations make global security go more smoothly for the us . 
  the puerto rican union ? 
  that 's not at all what the poll says . 
  52 % of the people polled disagreed with a statement made by a politician that `` islam is now also a part of germany . '', 
  the article goes on to state that 53 % of the country thinks that hostility against muslims should be treated as seriously as antisemitism . 
  that 's a far cry from `` muslims do n't belong in germany . '', 
  as an american you should be better at trolling the euros . 
  i am disappoint . 
  now , i know that as an american i 'm a bit geographically challenged , but last time i checked ecuador was in south america , not europe . 
  why would they need eu permission ? 
  do n't you think you 're overreacting a bit ? 
  i 'm looking at the front page right now , and only about half of the threads are even tangentially related to russia . 
  of the ones that are , they 're almost all talking about completely unrelated issues , and most of them are all pretty big deals . 
  $ 10 million is a drop in the bucket , but why are we giving them anything ? 
  france is n't some third world country or a struggling new nato member that we need to get up to speed . 
  to be fair , the article says that it 's jumped up 9 points since november . 
  that 's a whopping 50 % increase in less than a year . 
  i also tend to doubt that it 's ever going to get anywhere close to majority support , but it seems worth reporting on . 
  that , or it could be that the state is trying to sway people to be more in favor of joining nato . 
  because the immigrants !, 
  did n't you know that france is already under sharia law ? 
  some people make similar claims about the us , just swapping out muslims for mexicans . 
  it 's mostly just fear mongering . 
  i would n't say that there could `` never '' be another war in western europe , but that 's simply because i dislike speaking in absolutes . 
  i will say that the likelihood of another big war between western european countries happening within our lifetime is pretty low , at least not without some massive changes in the current geopolitical system . 
  even if the eu stopped existing , most of the states in europe have been allied with each other for more than half a century now through nato . 
  even if nato disappeared , many of the states still have more in common with each other than they do with many of the other global powers . 
  in addition , while most people talk about mad in relation to america and russia , it still would like apply to an inter-european conflict . 
  france and britian already have nukes , and just about everyone else in western europe has the resources and technology to develop their own if they were ever so inclined . 
  until we either have nuclear disarmament , or develop a weapon/defense which makes nukes obsolete , everyone 's hands are tied . 
  finally , the states of europe are n't really at the top of their game anymore . 
  in terms of military power , china 's growing for sure , russia wants to grow , people are expecting brazil to bulk up , and the us is in a different league altogether . 
  most of europe meanwhile , is actually winding down their defense sectors even more . 
  if a war broke out today , the winner would be decided by whoever america decided to back . 
  so , if all the bonds of friendship break down , we get rid of the alliances which are uniting everyone , throw away all the nukes , and find a way to make everyone outside of europe completely uninterested in ( or unable to respond to ) what happens to the continent , then yes , we can have another war in western europe . 
  i mean , it 's not technically impossible , right ?
