   citizens must be ~ ~ educated ~ ~ small in number for that you do n't seriously think direct democracy works with 500 million people , do you ? 
  is n't france the only country in the eu that primarily speaks french ? 
  even if britain leaves , everyone still already speaks english . 
  no one 's going to want to learn french just for the sake of france . 
  every country has scholars and criminals . 
  what matters is the relative number of people being sent over . 
  if 90 % of all german workers speak english , find full time work , and integrate into the community , but only 40 % of polish immigrants do the same , then it 's fair to be more concerned about immigrants from poland than germany . 
  that 's also a great point . 
  there are always some pretty heated conversations on this sub about whether a german would be willing to die to protect a pole , or whether france would really be willing to go to war in the defense of estonia . 
  there 's not even a consensus on * that * , something which the governments have pledged to do in multiple legally binding fashions . 
  if there 's not real agreement there , then i seriously doubt you 'd be able to find many europeans who would be willing to die to keep the british in a union that they do n't want to be a part of and are not legally bound to to begin with . 
   i think it is , because those preferences are based on generalizations , misconceptions and stereotypes . 
  ( note , i 'm using poland and germany in the example because you mentioned them . 
  the same argument applies to any country or group of people ) can you prove that immigrants from poland are the same quality as immigrants from germany ? 
  if the answer is yes , and people do n't want the poles to come because fuck you dirty slavs , then yes , it 's racist or xenophobic or whatever . 
  however , if the answer to the question is no , and there is a marked difference in what polish people bring to the table compared to what germans are bringing , then it 's not fair to just write the whole thing off as xenophobic . 
  there are legitimate concerns to be had if the immigrants from a specific country are really just doing some welfare tourism , or if they routinely fail to integrate , or if they overstay their visas . 
  true , but the circumstances are kind of different . 
  the uk is arguably the strongest military force in the eu , and is nuclear armed . 
  if the csa had the potential to burn half of the us to the ground in an instant , we might have been a bit more willing to let them go . 
  further , the existence of nato complicates things quite a bit . 
  i would be utterly shocked if the us backed the eu in strong arming the uk into the union by military force . 
  more likely you 'd have the exact opposite , with the us backing britain . 
  besides , a united eu army is a pipe dream at the moment . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that it 's actually going to exist in any serious capacity in the foreseeable future . 
  the uk will have jumped ship long before such a force comes into existence . 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's not like the eu is in any shape to * force * the british to remain in the event that the eu ever federalizes . 
  there were a couple of small skirmishes which ended in 1939 , followed by a six year long neutrality pact . 
  not exactly world shattering . 
  the claim that the soviet invasion of manchuria after the nuclear bombs forced the japanese to surrender does n't seem likely and is n't supported by much in the way of actual facts , but at least it 's chronologically relevant . 
  but if you think the border skirmishes which happened years before the japanese were even involved with any serious fighting against the allies forced their hand , you 're probably high . 
  do you have any actual credible evidence to suggest that it was the threat of a * soviet * invasion that pushed japan into unconditional surrender territory ? 
  i 've heard this claim a lot , never with any actual sources . 
  there was a much more pressing american invasion pending , in addition to the threat of more nuclear strikes . 
   japan 's surrender was not just because of the atomic bomb . 
  it was only one factor . 
  the ussr played a role in the end that is completely forgotten . 
  this gets played up a lot by revisionists and soviet fanboys , but i do n't buy it . 
  the soviets did almost nothing to japan during the war . 
  after the americans destroyed the ijn , started island hopping , started destroying mainland japanese cities in bombing runs and forced japan to start funneling troops out of china to start dealing with threats against the mainland , * then * the soviets launched a quick invasion into manchuria . 
  the soviets did n't even start to invade until the day that the * second * nuclear bomb was dropped . 
  the soviets had a few small skirmishes with a defeated army in territory that was de facto already being accepted as lost . 
  the americans were literally threatening the main island of japan with nuclear annihilation . 
  like u/grammorin says , hindsight is 20/20 . 
  we can say that it was a dumb idea * now * because we can look back and see that it did n't work . 
  the soviets and the russians before them had a pretty long history of looking big and bad , only to get their shit kicked . 
  winter war , world war i , russo-japanese war . 
  russia did n't have a great reputation . 
  hell , look at what happened with napoleon . 
  people like to bring this invasion up to mock hitler , but actually think about it for a second . 
  yeah , he lost , but some dude in the 1800s was able to conquer a thousand miles of russian territory before he finally overstretched his supply lines . 
  that 's what they could accomplish a hundred years earlier , before the advent of mechanization and air travel . 
  if a frenchman could * nearly * conquer russia without any of the modern amenities and advancements that the nazis had access to , it 's not really * that * farfetched to believe that an actual victory was possible . 
  and of course , let 's look at what happened during world war i. germany is stuck in the middle of the continent , fighting a two front war . 
  what do they do ? 
  kick down the russians , knock them out of the war , and then throw everything they 've got at the western front . 
  they still went on to lose the war , but the plan worked . 
  besides , what other options did the nazis really have ? 
  the soviets were undergoing a massive military buildup . 
  the nazis had an advantage in technology , material , and leadership , but it was only going to last so long . 
  sooner or later the soviets were going to be done playing catch up and start going on the offensive . 
  living in peace with them was an impossibility . 
  so what are the options ? 
  either strike now and smother them in the crib before they can overtake you , or just ignore them and hope the problem goes away . 
  clearly one of those was not a good option . 
  why is that surprising ? 
  something like 12 % of the soviet union * died * during the war , and a lot more were involved in some capacity at some point . 
  it seems like nearly everyone would have had a great grandfather or an uncle or something who was involved . 
  edit : after some quick searching , it seems that the population of the soviet union was around 170 million people during 1940 . 
  about 35 million people were drafted or volunteered in the red army during the war ( obviously not all at once ) . 
  roughly 20 % , or 1 in 5 people were in the army at some point during the war . 
  for someone alive today , the odds that there was * no one * from your family involved with the war effort seem incredibly small . 
  some random unsupported anecdotes do not a failed state make . 
  again , it just seems like your media is cherry picking stories . 
  you said in your original post that you think immigration works better in places like america than sweden . 
  we 've got six times the homicide rate , an comparatively massive drug problem , and more than ten million illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm not going to say there * are n't * problems with muslim migrants in sweden because that 's obviously false . 
  but even with those issues , by any objective measure sweden is still one of the most safe and stable nations on the planet . 
  that sounds more like your news cherry picking stories . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate homicide rate in sweden : 0.9 homicide rate in estonia : 3.1, 
  http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/largest-cities-in-north-america.html first toronto , and then the world !, 
  i think your math needs work . 
  there 's about 10 million people in sweden now . 
  about 500,000 are muslim . 
  there 's expected to be about 12 million people in sweden in 2050 . 
  that means we need 3 million total muslims , 2.5 million more than are currently there . 
  i guess if sweden trucks in about 50,000 per year , every year , and they all have ten kids we might hit that mark . 
  in the real world , we 're not going to be anywhere close to that . 
  why would people * not * be okay with it ? 
  they 're entitled to their opinion , and there 's nothing illegal about using legal means to minimize what you pay in taxes . 
  if the british want more tax money from microsoft , they should change their tax laws . 
  and that 's * before * you get into the conversation about whether microsoft 's stance on brexit is correct . 
  i mean , we might protest as a matter of principal if it 's decided that the eu becoming nuclear is a violation of the npt , but the worst you 'd get is a strongly worded letter . 
  i do n't think many are morally opposed to the eu having nukes , and there 's certainly no one willing to fight over it . 
   i know that question sounds really provocative , but is everybody really just thinking about his own countries benefits and in detail his own ? 
  yes . 
  that 's one of the biggest issues which faces the eu as an institution . 
  there 's no eu nationalism . 
  most people put their country first and the eu second .
