  i mean , the whole reason why the us has tripwire forces in europe is likely because * we * might consider just writing off the border states to russian aggression if we did n't have skin in the game . 
  maybe things really have changed nowadays , but if i were from one of the state 's on the hypothetical front line , i 'm not so sure i 'd just take that as a given . 
  obligatory sabaton song about him : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btmcqvjxwz4, 
  no , that 's not at all what castle doctrine is , but hey , good work with the logical fallacies . 
  american gun laws are kind of a shitshow in general , but castle doctrine is one of the least contentious issues . 
  even in the bluest of blue states , `` if you do n't want to get shot , maybe do n't break into my house '' is a pretty common line of thought . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:stand-your-ground_law_by_us_jurisdiction.svg there 's literally one state in the country where you have a duty to retreat in your own home , and there 's no serious call to change that , even with a good chunk of gun control advocates . 
  what 's the old quote ? 
  if any of this shit actually worked , it would n't be `` alternative medicine '' , it would just be `` medicine '' . 
  ms13 itself was more or less created by criminals deported from the us , but the place was a clusterfuck long before then . 
  delivery accounted for more than 50 % of the cost of my last electric bill . 
  it 's kind of insane . 
  i 'm kind of under the impression that most of the rhetoric right now is just saber rattling that will die down once brexit actually happens . 
  if the eu just keeps dicking on the uk after that then yeah , they 'll build up a lot of resentment which can change public opinion , but i 'm not convinced that this new hostility is a permanent thing . 
  no , it was n't . 
  the youth vote was a bit lower as a percentage than national turnout as a whole , but not by a whole lot . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/09/young-people-referendum-turnout-brexit-twice-as-high http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-brexit-turnout-young-voters-youth-vote-double-a7129181.html not that it really matters . 
  the youth vote is traditionally underrepresented in just about every vote in every country . 
  as people get older , they 're more likely to vote . 
  and as it stands , the young people who are going to be making up a larger part of the voting demographic as the years go on , are * massively * in favor of the eu . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/britains-youth-voted-remain-leave-eu-brexit-referendum-stats/ https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/24/meet-the-75-young-people-who-voted-to-remain-in-eu the middle aged people were also more in favor of staying in the eu , though not by as large a margin . 
  ten years from now , the seniors ( who traditionally have the highest voter turnout ) will have partly died off . 
  so you 're going to have a senior bracket that 's mixed , a middle aged bracket which is heavily in favor of the eu , and a youth bracket which likely will be as well . 
  admittedly , it 's going to be a while before the topic is seriously broached by anyone , and things can change . 
  if 10 years from now the uk is doing amazing on its own , or the eu tanks , then obviously opinion is going to shift . 
  but if anything resembling the status quo continues , it 's * really * not difficult to see a future where the uk will consider getting back on board . 
  they let them in once . 
  honestly , it would probably be * great * pr for the eu . 
  more importantly though , it 's not like making contingencies is going to hurt the uk . 
  if they actually care about the content of this military thing , they might as well make their voice heard while they have the chance . 
  even if france decides that they hate le rosbif forever and never let them back in , all the brits have lost is a bit of time and effort . 
  brexit won on a razor thin margin , and the youth vote went remain overwhelmingly . 
  it 's not completely unrealistic to think that , at some point down the pipe , the uk might be interested in rejoining provided there 's no major shakeups in the meantime . 
  well , it still matters to them until they leave , and it 'll matter to them if they ever come back . 
  they do n't gain anything by not making a deal out of it , and it 's not like this is going to hurt them any more than anything else that 's already happening , so there 's no real reason not to block it . 
  well , he did kill that hitler guy . 
  that has to count for something . 
  i 'm also not certain if israel is exactly the beacon of stability that people should be striving towards . 
  joke 's on them . 
  i get off on being embarrassed by the government . 
  well , yes . 
  even before the battle of britain , i have n't seen many credible historians posit a way for the nazis to have actually invaded the uk successfully . 
  we saw with d-day the absolutely insane kind of advantage you need to mount an amphibious assault like that . 
  granted , the shores of britain were n't anywhere near as well-defended as normandy was , but as the same time , the nazis did n't have a fraction of the forces available for an assault . 
  but i was just running with it because it was mentioned . 
  the soviet union was involved in the war effort against japan for like 2 weeks . 
  they captured a crippled and impoverished japanese force which was completely cut off from the home islands literally days before the nukes were dropped . 
  it was wrong for u/peytonmanning1234 to claim that the us did everything in the pacific theater alone , but there 's no way to say that they did n't do most of the heavy lifting . 
  i really ca n't agree with you here . 
  there 's no scenario in which the germans ever beat the us , that much is true . 
  anyone who thinks that the nazis could have launched an invasion of the american mainland is smoking some * real * impressive shit . 
  it 's also true that in a balls to the wall slugfest , the us could have eventually overrun the germans even without the soviets or brits . 
  after all , the nukes * were * coming down the pipe , and there was no defense against that . 
  that said , you have to ask yourself this all important question : `` why would we bother ? '', 
  roosevelt wanted a war with the germans , but the american people were pretty lukewarm on the topic . 
  if the soviets fall , the us might be willing to accept an end to hostilities with germany as long as they leave the british alone . 
  if britain fell , we do n't even have a staging point to start retaking the continent . 
  i just ca n't imagine that there 'd be the political will to continue on with a cause that was completely lost . 
  good job passing the buck . 
  maybe if the damn hessians were worth half the money the crown paid for them , you would n't be in this mess !, 
  that 's not even a little bit true . 
  to this day the topics of the necessity and morality of the nuclear bombs are easily some of the most hotly debated subjects in history . 
  hiroshima and nagasaki were n't even the worst bombings on the war . 
  hell , they were n't even the worst bombings in japan . 
  singling them out as somehow being worse than the other widescale carpet bombing against civilian targets done by all sides with the understanding that was normal is kind of silly . 
  it gets even sillier when you consider that hiroshima was one of the most strategically relevant centers in japan by that point in the war . 
  it was one of only a handful of cities with functional industrial bases left , and had a garrison of more than 30,000 soldiers and was the headquarters of the 59th army . 
  i 'm not very familiar with nagasaki , but hiroshima absolutely would have been burned to the ground with conventional explosives if the nuke was never invented . 
  no it should n't . 
  you can view someone favorably but not vote for them . 
  i voted for obama , but i did n't disrespect mccain . 
  even with dubbya , you had a lot of people who did n't want him to win , but did n't view him with the same disdain that they view trump with . 
  look , the best koreans are strict , but they 're not barbarians . 
  they would n't do that . 
  they 'd just send the family to forced labor camps for the next three generations . 
  build a man a fire , keep him warm for a night . 
  set a man on fire , keep him warm for the rest of his life !, 
  just a bit . 
  junker fits the condescending , elitist , prick stereotype to a fault . 
  while i can say that he 's kind of funny watching as a third party , is it really that outlandish to think that this sort of thing gave the brexiters ammo ? 
  image is important in international politics . 
  good old golden mean fallacy . 
  7 trillion dollars is n't even a real amount of money . 
  there 's only like 4 trillion dollars worth of currency in the world , and there 's only about a trillion in actual dollars . 
  if if you inexplicably wanted to , there 's literally no way to actually give someone that much money . 
  now , the strategy europe 's pursing might not be the best , but a strategy that does n't work for a few billion dollars is a hell of a lot better than one that does n't work for 50 % of the eu 's gdp . 
  implying the french did n't get the ball rolling by funneling weapons into the 13 colonies . 
  your claim is that the us is a violent imperialist autocracy that would have taken over all of western europe if they could get away with it . 
  by my count , there are are 4 individual statements there . 
  1 : the us is violent . 
  this is true . 
  2 : the us is imperialist . 
  this is false by definition . 
  the us has n't annexed any territory in decades . 
  3 : the us is an autocracy . 
  this is also false by definition . 
  there 's nothing even vaguely resembling an autocrat . 
  4 : the us would have taken over all of western europe if they thought they could get away with it . 
  this is also objectively false . 
  following world war ii , we were in the * perfect * scenario to take europe .
