  the internet spreads * everything * . 
  if you 're an extremist , it is so much easier to get your message out today than it was 50 years ago , but only because all messages are easier to get out . 
  for every insane terrorist spreading propaganda , there are 10 regular people broadcasting what 's actually going on . 
  the internet gives us choice , that 's all . 
  well , in an actual federation , the eu would be much more powerful than it currently is . 
  foreign , economic , and military policy would all be set by the eu government , as opposed to the various national governments . 
  in addition , eu elections would likely become much more important for most people than national elections , so you 'd see much higher voter turnout for them whether this is actually an advantage probably depends on if you want a federal eu or not . 
  federation would take quite a bit of sovereignty from eu nations , but it would also make the eu as an institution much more powerful . 
   so what are federations for ? 
  just same fiscal policies ? 
  perhaps an army or two ? 
  in a federation , the federal government provides a sort of general framework for law and order , while the specifics are left up to the lower levels of government . 
   swedes are n't going to tolerate businesses having power over the workers in such a way that they can decide about siestas . 
  sweden has very strict laws regarding employment and stuff . 
  a lot of unions regulating what is good and what is bad . 
  the federal government will probably set some baseline requirements for what is acceptable workplace safety , and as long as sweden does n't go below those standards , then there 's no problem . 
  i seriously doubt that siestas would become mandatory ; they 'd likely be considered a luxury perk , not a mandatory safety requirement . 
  if italy wants to go above and beyond and have them , that 's fine , but sweden wo n't be penalized for * not * having them . 
   the crash comes when people have rights to take siestas . 
  obvious not all are going to , but a lot of people are going to slowly take their rights to have a siesta and then it 'll be trouble , both for companies and the people . 
  while i can see the logic behind that fear , it 's moot because sweden wo n't be getting siestas . 
  they warned him not to call it soccer ... 
  the rankings for the good country index are kind of ... special . 
  apparently , egypt is the top country in the world for global security , and bulgaria , malaysia , romania , croatia , serbia , and mauritius all export more culture globally than the united states . 
  spain meanwhile is the healthiest country in the world , due in large part to a massive number of drug seizures . 
  edit : oh yeah , sweden ranks in at 111th for international piece and security , and has a heavier involvement in international violent conflict than america . 
  okay ... 
  well , irritant on the part of the americans . 
  every time the two countries negotiate on anything , germany could make returning the gold a condition , so by taking it off the table altogether it makes things simpler for the us . 
  still kind of a dick move though . 
  on my internet ? 
  it 's more likely than you 'd think . 
  it was a pretty great game though . 
  it 's pretty exciting to see that just about everyone in group g still has a chance to make it to the next stage . 
  hey , 2-2 is better than i was expecting . 
  we were already down by 1 about 5 minutes in , so i had given up hope . 
   if op had put romanian or bulgarian bullshit . 
  everyone has the rights to their own opinions and beliefs , period . 
  does n't matter if they 're romanian . 
  does n't matter if they 're muslim . 
  does n't matter if they 're palestinian . 
  does n't matter as a communist . 
  if you 're not hurting anyone , then it 's not a problem . 
   since you 're american and know this from your own country experience , let me ask you if you would allow isolating black people at the back of the bus ? 
  of course not . 
  but that 's an entirely different situation . 
  forcing blacks to the back of the bus is an * action * . 
  it has a direct impact on things they are allowed to do . 
  the guys sitting on the beach creeping on people in op 's story are n't stopping anyone from swimming , they 're just being dicks . 
  it 's an unfair comparison . 
   then why do you let ( said 3rd worlders ) to put women ( more precisely girls ) at the back of their class ? 
  i did n't say that this was acceptable , and it has nothing to do with what op was reporting . 
  now , if in op 's story the people who were watching the swimmers actually approached them , and attempted to force them to either put more clothes on , or stop swimming , or take more clothes off , or whatever , that would be different . 
  at that point , they 'd be out of line , and would be deserving of punishment . 
  but that did n't happen though . 
  all they did was sat there and watched . 
  yes , we do . 
  it 's not a paradox . 
  people are free to think and believe whatever the hell they want . 
  until you start endangering other people , what you do with your own life is your business . 
  so you 're completely free to think that these people should n't be allowed to live in europe . 
  and it 's their prerogative to not give a single shit about it . 
  that 's not a very liberal way of looking at the world . 
  why should n't they be entitled to their opinions ? 
  because they offend you ? 
  oh the irony . 
  the guy who littered deserved a fine for littering and nothing more . 
  the guys talking did n't do anything illegal , did n't hurt anyone , and deserve no punishment at all . 
  you 're just going to have to accept that not everyone is going to have the exact same worldview as you do . 
  this seems like a pretty cool idea . 
  i hope it spreads . 
  what of it ? 
  people can say and think whatever they want , especially in private . 
  they 're not attacking anyone , they 're not making any sort of call to action . 
  they 're just talking amongst themselves . 
  these people might have been jerks , and might offend your moral sensibilities , but they 're not hurting anyone . 
  so , there was one ass hole who litters , and a couple of people laughing for nondescript reasons . 
  oh , the horror . 
  what were they actually charged with ? 
  i 'm guessing it was damage to private property or something , but the article does n't actually explain what the crime was . 
  the last time they fucked taxes up this bad there was a revolution . 
  now , i 'm not saying these people should start throwing things into the harbor . 
  but i 'm not * not * staying it . 
  i do n't think governments have the right to keep people from going to fight . 
  but they sure as hell do n't have to let them back in after . 
  make it a standing policy that leaving the country to fight in syria will automatically result in a forfeiture of citizenship . 
  because france and the uk each have armies and occasionally act on the world stage instead of just passing the buck onto other countries . 
  edit : oh , and nukes . 
  that 's another big one . 
  there are a lot of points to criticize about the methods used in the gpi . 
  something something series of tubes, 
  you do n't need to worry about `` standing out '' . 
  as long as you 're not a prick , you 're fine . 
  i used to live in the uk and traveled quite a bit throughout western europe , and i ca n't think of a single instance in which being an american caused me problems . 
  a few jokes and lighthearted insults , but mostly between friends . 
  if you 're open to trying new things and keep in mind that you 're a guest in the country , i seriously doubt you 'll have any problems . 
  edit : being embarrassed about being an american is about the worst thing you can do . 
  just be who you are ( unless who you are is an asshole , then pretend to be someone else ) . 
  do n't shove your values down anyone 's throats , but you should n't be ashamed of who you are . 
  you sure as hell should n't pretend to be a canadian , because it will make things * so much worse * when you 're caught .
