  it 's too early to tell . 
  and naturally , this is before you get into the general fears of american influence and business practices , which are varying degrees of realistic . 
  30 million ? 
  that seems more than a bit alarmist . 
  the eu only has like 600 million people in it , so 30 million is what , literally the entire energy field ? 
  i fart in your general direction !, 
  the british have never forgotten the grave insult leveled against king arthur . 
  and now they will have their revenge ten-fold . 
  they 're not equitable . 
  you do a lot more with the tip of your finger than you do with the tip of your foreskin . 
  literally the only change is cosmetic . 
  there 's nothing you can do with foreskin , and nothing you ca n't do with it . 
  while i 'd never get my baby tattooed , as long as it 's not dangerous i do n't see any reason why not . 
  parents let little kids get piercings all the time , and i do n't see a massive difference . 
  having your ears pierced is just as , if not more , dangerous than circumcision , so if that kind of cosmetic surgery is fine , why not circumcision ? 
  edit : how is american culture jewish in origin ? 
  that 's a genuine question , not sarcasm . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  the reason that i 'm not as bothered by male circumcision is that it 's not particularlly dangerous and generally has no adverse effects . 
  it does n't have any positive effects either so i would n't be heartbroken if it did get banned , but either way it is basically just a small cosmetic change . 
  this is n't the case with female circumcision . 
  also , i 'm not circumcised because i 'm jewish . 
  it 's pretty common to be circumcised in america regardless of religion . 
  i 'm not actually sure why . 
  male and female circumcision are not at all equitable . 
  i can say from firsthand experience that circumcision is n't that big of a deal . 
  dick still works fine . 
  you can argue that infant male circumcision should be banned because you are `` harming '' a child without their consent , but it 's nowhere close to the same league as female circumcision . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the plane went down 5 days ago . 
  / thread, 
  of course it 's not over right now , but how do you propose we deal with russia in a way which wo n't be catastrophic ? 
  going to war with russia is out of the question , sending troops to ukraine would just become another iraq , and it 's feared that meaningful sanctions would send the eu right back into financial crisis . 
  so what 's a practical plan of action ? 
  everyone already knew that russia is at fault for all of the bloodshed in ukraine , that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is that there 's still no clear way to * deal * with russia in a way which wo n't make the situation significantly worse for everyone involved . 
  if you 've got any actual solutions , we 'd like to hear them . 
  ukraine was n't party to nato or the eu . 
  there was absolutely no expectation of protection from anyone , which is percisely why putin decided it was a safe target . 
  finland does n't fit that criteria . 
  an attack on finland which goes unanswered would probably collapse the eu , so that 's not gon na happen . 
  it 'll draw the rest of the eu in , and that 'll draw america in . 
  not that the us would really be needed in the event of a conflict . 
  russia is a shell of its former cold war glory . 
  in a conventional war , france or britain alone would likely be their equal . 
  and no one wins a nuclear war , so that option is most certainly off the table for putin . 
  the guy might be a warmongering prick , but there 's no indication that he 's suicidal or anything ; he 's not going to put himself into a situation where russia has to fight an enemy which might be able to fight back . 
  i think you 're overreacting a bit . 
  whether finland is in nato or not is frankly kind of irrelevant , because it 's a part of the eu , and almost everyone else who 's in the eu is a member of nato . 
  even if it was completely isolated , as kistoul pointed out , there 's not really anything worth taking , especially with how costly it would be . 
  it would be a terrible blunder for putin . 
  ministers can say whatever they want , because it 's all just hot air . 
  until putin himself makes a direct statement , it 's nothing more than sabre rattling . 
  in addition , i think we should also wait a little bit before we stark talking about nuking those commies . 
  while i am legally bound as an american to cry out for russian blood , it 's not as though the general russian citizens are at fault for that plane crash . 
  hell , we do n't even know for sure if it was actually russian forces , or just russian backed insurgents . 
  also , this is a bit off topic , but you got ta work on those groupings a bit !, 
  they should all be in the 10 point ring . 
  get it together man !, 
  how are you gon na kill the ruskies with sloppy marksmanship like that ? 
  how would this possibly be a good thing ? 
  it 's been all over the news lately . 
  there 's speculation that it was shot down , but as far as i know nothing 's been confirmed yet . 
  the us does n't have mostly private schools . 
  while private schools exist , public schools are the majority and they are completely free for kindergarten through 12th grade . 
  the balance between public and private school changes radically when you 're talking about college/university , but even public universities cost money . 
  we 're talking about the falklands . 
  a british island filled with british people who voted to remain british . 
  there 's not a whole lot of ambiguity there . 
  argentina uses it as a distraction so the government can shift focus away from internal problems . 
  besides , what 's the un supposed to do about it ? 
  the uk has a seat on the security counsel , france would probably vote in favor of the uk , and the us and china are ambivalent . 
  it 's something he posts in literally every thread on the subject . 
  i think this is the seventh or eighth time he 's made a tread on spying and posted that massive list . 
  it 's a series of links about everything even tangentially related to spying , with a bit of tinfoil for good measure . 
  a few of the links are interesting , most are n't . 
  americans were starting to feel more hopeful about russia after the cold war . 
  we moved away from the big red button , we 're trading more , and even cooperating a bit in international conflicts with american and russian special forces working together on a couple of missions in the middle east . 
  it looked like big issues with russia were winding down , and that china was gearing up to take russia 's place as our new rival . 
  even though russia had been acting more `` antagonist '' it mostly just struck most of the people in the us as a performance for the russian population , not anything too serious . 
  true , georgia was a setback , but we 've got pretty short term memory here . 
  the invasion of ukraine basically put all of those ideas to rest . 
  all of the hawks who could n't let go of the cold war got to say `` i told you so ! '', 
  and it was seen as a return to form for russia . 
  all the progress we had made was just a fluke , so people got annoyed . 
  if all this goes away somehow in the near future , we 'll probably be more positive , but as long as the situation keeps getting worse , opinions will only fall lower . 
  if someone is desperate enough to eat out of a dumpster , then they 'll eat whatever left over food is in there . 
  unless you 're talking about one of those high class , gourmet dumpsters . 
  those usually cycle between discarded prime rib , partially eaten swordfish , and lobster shells . 
  it 's a clusterfuck all around . 
  israel is quite literally an apartheid state , but it 's also completely surrounded by enemies which openly declare their desire to eradicate the state , and have been attempting to do so since israel was founded . 
  terrorists use human shields and fire rockets from schools and hospitals , but the israelis still bomb them . 
  if i absolutely had to pick a side i guess i 'd go with israel , but i ca n't really feel good about supporting anyone . 
  i ca n't help but wonder how serious this plot was . 
  it takes a hell of a lot of resources to destroy something like a nuclear power plant . 
  it strikes me as a `` plot '' in the same sense that they `` plot '' to overthrow the us . 
   an american who co-wrote a book called `` how to survive the running of the bulls '' was badly gored on wednesday in the morning bull run at pamplona 's san fermin festival . 
  that 's just too perfect . 
  i mean , he did survive , so there 's that at least . 
  still a better tactic for getting through it unharmed might be to just not put yourself in front of a herd of bulls in the first place though .
