  god dammit europe . 
  i 'm gone for a week and we have a purge ? 
  we 're always late to the party . 
  is of pissings in a ocean of pissings ? 
  to be fair , fifa does n't really lend itself well to many words . 
  polan stronk !, 
  but really , of course poland is n't a superpower . 
  even if they did manage to catch up to the rest of the `` powers '' in europe , they still would n't be a superpower . 
  thank you so much . 
  the incident in yugoslavia gets brought up so often , and it 's completely bullshit . 
  they managed to hit a very primitive stealth plane , that was in it 's most vulnerable position , that was within visual range , when they already knew it 's exact flight path . 
  it was an issue which was completely unrelated to the actual stealth technology . 
  that 's why america is such a good candidate to shake things up . 
  the us team is only middle of the pack when it comes to the teams that are actually in the running for winning , and the relative unpopularity of soccer means that if the us got kicked out , it would n't be the end of the world . 
  but if fifa * did * kick the us out , they would take a massive hit to their credibility . 
  according to the echr , the answer to your question is `` fuck you it will take as long as it takes '' http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/your_application_eng.pdf ( pdf warning ) obviously i 'm paraphrasing a bit , but they refuse to ever give any sort of indication about how long it will take . 
  in addition , it seems that there are lots of potential fail points which can make a submission inadmissible , which is a permanent ruling that can not be appealed . 
  according to this article though http://www.hg.org/article.asp?id=4832 `` you may have to wait a year before the court can proceed with its initial examination of your application . '', 
  to me , this seems to indicate that your 7 year wait time is way beyond the norm . 
  if i had to hazard a guess , i 'd say that your case was either thrown out as a matter of course , denied , or lost . 
  your best bet might be to reapply . 
  looks like france could use some freedom ^ tm, 
  two things to note . 
  first , it 's just a subcommittee , not a final decision . 
  second , while i disagree with the choice , it 's kind of understandable . 
  fusion is a money pit . 
  we 've been 20 years away from achievable fusion for the last 60 years . 
  and we could be 20 years away 60 years from now . 
  if they 're going to dump hundreds of millions of dollars into a project , it might as well be something that either works . 
  edit : and besides , it 's not as though the us does n't do fusion work on its own . 
  we 've got our own thing going on , so from a political perspective , we do n't really gain much by funding an operation working out of france . 
  it 's totally possible to rationalize with numbers though . 
  if these countries were n't shitholes , they would be more prominent in global markets . 
  their companies would be producing valuable goods and providing competition ( which lowers prices and improves products ) , and their people would be buying more of our products ( which makes us money ) . 
  further , if the countries were stable and not impoverished , they would be more safe and less hostile to western countries , meaning we 'd all be more secure , and have to spend less money policing the area . 
  even without a single altruistic thought , you can justify improving the region , even if it has high economic cost . 
  and hitler ate sugar . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am very critical of limits placed on free speech , and from my perspective many countries in europe have downright draconian free speech laws . 
  but just because east germany did something vaguely similar to a proposal in britain , it does n't mean that britain is anywhere near the same playing field as east germany was . 
  in any objective sense , no . 
  you 'd be losing one of the largest armies and economies in the world , which would weaken the eu . 
  even in a more broad sense though , i 'd say that losing the uk would n't make the eu stronger , even if it did make a couple of things easier in the short term . 
  yes the uk bitches and moans about a lot of things , but it 's not like the complaints the uk has are completely unheard of in other countries . 
  besides , a voice of dissent is n't always bad . 
  without someone constantly putting on the breaks , it 's not impossible for the eu to try and do too much , too fast . 
  even more importantly though , if the uk leaves , the eu loses legitimacy . 
  how can you call the eu the `` great european project '' if one of the most important places in europe has actively denied it ? 
  it 's not like russia , which you can brush under the table due to the dictatorship ; the uk is a liberal democracy , which will have reached the conclusion that the eu is n't necessary . 
  most importantly of all though , if the uk leaves , it sets a precedent . 
  once that happens , anyone can leave . 
  especially if the uk winds up being successful without the eu , any time things start going poorly , there will be good reason for countries to just up and leave the whole thing . 
  yeah , it 's kind of nonsensical . 
  say what you want about putler , he 's legitimately popular in his country . 
  i mean , i can theoretically see putin falling victim to a military coup , or a plot from disenfranchised billionaires , but i just do n't see the average russian citizens rising up to take him out . 
  that kind of show is also totally legal , even if the comedian is from a different race in the us ( which is relevant , what with louis ck being an american comedian and all ) . 
  not only would silencing these kinds of acts be self-defeating , as is the case with dieudonne , but they 'd be * illegal * in the case of louis ck . 
  it 's not the place of the government to legislate morality . 
  if i do n't like gay marriage , i wo n't get gay married . 
  no need to ruin things for everyone else . 
  i 'm honestly a bit surprised he got it . 
  i thought for sure he 'd be getting life in prison . 
  i do n't think he deserved it . 
  that said , i ca n't say i 'm particularlly broken up about it . 
  there 's not any doubt over his guilt , and i honestly ca n't say that keeping a person locked in an 8x10 box for 90 years is somehow morally superior to executing them . 
  of course , i am 100 % sure it 's a moot point . 
  this case is going to be in appeals forever , and given how emotionally charged the case and trial were , i 'd be shocked if the sentence was n't commuted . 
  why would article 5 come up ? 
  nato is ridiculously overpowered compared to everywhere else in the world , and 10 years is n't a very long time . 
  a decade is n't enough time for russia or china to close the military gap with the us , and no one is going to start a fight with 28 individual countries ( 3 of which are nuclear ) unless they 're damn sure they can win . 
  despite being the most stereotypical british drink , tea is from china . 
  historically speaking though , the american response to aggression of any sort has been * even more aggression * . 
  iraq , afghanistan , everywhere in south america , pakistan , and about a dozen other places have all been on the recieving end of american retribution at some point over the last 30 years . 
  during the cuban missile crisis kennedy showed restraint by * only * putting a naval blockade ( an act of war ) on cuba , and then there was that time we dropped a nuclear bomb on japan . 
  the us ca n't afford to fold on nato . 
  if the russians successfully hold nato territory , every international agreement that america has been a part of will fall to pieces . 
  it would be a massive blow to the us , and the head of every politician in washington would roll in response . 
  and it 's not as though russia would be making their demands from a position of strength . 
  we can nuke them just as hard as they can nuke us . 
  probably harder even , because they have to split their attack all over europe and north america , while we can just focus on russia . 
  the us can hand their ultimatum right back at them . 
  i 'll ignore the moral problems which are inherent to any immigration debate and just stick with practical ones . 
  how do you plan on keeping them there ? 
  movement is trivially easy in most of the eu , and requires no custom checks or anything like that . 
  so you send them to bulgaria , they get bored as hell , and then they leave . 
  the only way you 're going to keep the migrants there is under armed guard . 
  next up , how do you pay for all of this ? 
  if all of the people who get rescued from the mediteranian get resettled in europe instead of deported , they 're going to cost a fair bit of money , and will likely have little success in supporting themselves . 
  finally , how do you stop the country which is going to get saddled with all the migrants from becoming resentful ? 
  if the burden of having all these people is placed on a single country , then they might just torpedo the whole idea . 
  i mean , we * could * also all get eaten by genetically engineered dinosaurs within 20 years too . 
  the magic of noncommittal phrases . 
  the way i always here this definition explained is that it 's drawing a distinction between a petty annoyance and an actual problem . 
  if i 'm walking down the road and someone hurls racial obscenities at me , that 's prejudice . 
  i can tell them to fuck off and go on with my day , and they ca n't do shit about it because they have no power over me . 
  but if my boss were to do that , it 's racism because they can actually negatively impact my life . 
  obama can be racist because he has the force to back it up , while some random person on twitter can only be prejudiced because they ca n't do much of anything . 
  if we 're being honest though , it 's splitting hairs . 
  it 's frankly kind of an academic distinction at best , and not a particularly useful one . 
  edit : but of course , you are right in that most people just use these kinds of definitions to shift the goalposts of what does and does not count , rendering them pretty pointless anyway . 
  exactly .
