  though drones falling out of the sky is also pretty dangerous too . 
  shooting guns in the air is n't really the safest thing you can do . 
  well , former soviet clay that is n't in nato at least . 
  i 'm kind of confused here . 
  why would joining nato cause you to end conscription ? 
  even if it did though , you 're still mistaken when it comes to numbers . 
  500,000 reserve soldiers are n't anywhere near as effective as a couple million nato soldiers , and a few thousand nuclear missiles . 
  having the second largest economy in europe ? 
  it 's not even just sexually frustrated men from different cultures . 
  it 's sexually frustrated men with different views on women who also do n't have jobs or feel a sense of community with their host nation . 
  they hit pretty much all the buzzwords for people who fall into criminal activity . 
  are they retarded though ? 
  neither the europeans nor americans are willing to actually pony up the force necessary to stop them , and if we 're not using force , our options are either diplomacy , or just ignoring them . 
  but all of those are on a bed in someone 's house . 
  i tend to doubt that they carry 4 longarms on a daily basis . 
  additionally , it 's not really just a southern thing either . 
  we 've got more than 300 million guns , but that does n't mean each person owns one . 
  even in the north , if you own at least one gun , you 're likely to pick up a few more . 
  it 's pretty common to have a rifle , shotgun , and a pistol for example . 
  no , i mean currency . 
  like , if 221 grams of gold translated to 500 lira or something like that . 
  maybe it translates into a round number in the local currency ? 
  then can take our lives , but they can never take our burgers !, 
  * do * they fit that criteria though ? 
  i tend to doubt it . 
  kinda odd that they gave the article that title when it 's almost completely unrelated to the majority of the work . 
  really , i do n't get the article at all . 
  the first half is just a recap of global events over the last year , there 's a random paragraph about how the eu is a secret american plot , and then the final half is just a list of conditions about whether the eu is good or bad . 
  but because no one 's actually going to read the thing and the conversation will instead focus on american plots , i 'll just say that it should be obvious that the us supported an integrated europe . 
  shockingly , we 'd prefer that all the capitalist democracies on the continent got together and were friends with us instead of being friends with the imperialist country with the largest nuclear stockpile on the planet . 
  also shockingly , we 'd find a way to work with our closest ally should they choose to leave the eu instead of just ignoring them altogether . 
  that 's a pretty disingenuous claim , seeing as the argument in this case is pretty straightforward . 
  `` the eu is letting in a bunch of people who we think are dangerous . 
  we are part of the eu . 
  they can easily come here . 
  if we were n't in the eu , it would be harder for them to come here . 
  we should leave the eu . '', 
  yes actually . 
  my girlfriend and i were planning on heading to greece this winter , but we 've since reconsidered . 
  i 'm not particularlly worried about it being dangerous ( if we 're being honest , you 're still much more likely to get murdered in america than just about anywhere in europe ) , but it seems that with all the riots and demonstrations with the economic and migrant crises , it might be tough to actually get around and go sightseeing . 
  we 're hoping that things die down a bit by summer , but who knows . 
  yes , it probably would . 
  of course , that policy would n't sit very well with the international community , and i 'd be willing to bet money it would sit even worse with most europeans . 
  it 'll never happen . 
  at present , the eu does n't have the political will or resources to seriously detain or supervise the migrants they already have . 
  agreeing to shoot people is about twelve bridges even further than that . 
  that seems a little ... excessive . 
  this is probably the most important comment in the thread . 
  it 's really hard to understand the utter opulence we live in until you go somewhere else . 
  there 's what , a billion people who live on less than $ 2 a day ? 
  even with the clusterfucks going on in europe right now , it 's still lightyears ahead of what they 're used to . 
  there 's nothing you can say to convince these people that the trip is n't worth it , because there 's a pretty good chance that it actually is . 
  which means that the eu has to either do one of two things ; learn to accept it ( the us has 10 million people here illegally , so it 's probably not * totally * impossible ) , or stop them from coming by force ( meaning massively heightened border security and mass deportations ) . 
  neither option is good , but i do n't really see an alternative . 
  i 'm not so sure that a conspiracy theory about the bombing of an air port in * new york * which took place 40 years ago is really appropriate for r/europe ... 
  i 've heard that too . 
  was n't it something along the lines of the way that marital rape is tallied or something like that ? 
  got it . 
  your logic makes no sense . 
  vw is in trouble in america because vw committed fraud in america . 
  regardless of what vw did in europe , they committed crimes on america soil and defrauded the american public , so the america department of justice is going after them . 
  and gm has absolutely no bearing on anything at all . 
  10,000 cases of fraud is kind of a big deal . 
  they have weed too , do n't they ? 
  i know that u/expaticus listed a news article , but here 's some stats from the fbi . 
  there 's about 250 justified homicides ( self-defense ) involving guns a year . 
  https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2012/crime-in-the-u.s.-2012/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_15_justifiable_homicide_by_weapon_private_citizen_2008-2012.xls numbers on the frequency of gun usage in self defense which * does n't * kill the attacker is harder to find , and i 'm getting estimates all across the board , from the low hundreds into the high thousands . 
  anyway , the number is certainly small , but it 's both non-zero and increasing . 
  either way though , there have literally been thousands of crimes stopped by armed private citizens . 
  the only way to stop a terrorist with a xylophone is a man armed with a xylophone . 
  i find it more interesting that the vietnamese fucking love america . 
  a democratic government and proximity to nato countries . 
  the russians ( and the americans for that matter ; the article lists china as a target regardless of whether they were allied with the soviets or not ) do n't really need to justify their targets if the situation has gotten bad enough to actually need nuclear weapons . 
  despite claiming to be neutral , the irish are ideologically closer to americans than russians , which makes them a threat , which means they probably get nuked . 
  if you do n't have the power to meddle with other countries , you also do n't have the power to stop them from meddling with yours . 
  yes , but the power of nato is n't coming from the combined might of the european states , it 's coming from america . 
  and that 's fine if you envision a future in which europe and america are always friendly ( which , to be fair , is a future i 'm in favor of ) , and in which america is always willing to pick up the military slack in europe . 
  but look through this thread . 
  how often does the phrase `` balance out america , china , and russia '' come up ? 
  lots of people want a europe which * can * stand completely its own feet , regardless of what american policy is . 
  america has 300 million people . 
  china has more than a billion . 
  things are going to work out fine in the immediate future , but a few decades down the road , britain , france , and germany acting together wo n't be strong enough to secure european security on their own . 
  which cycles us back to the original issue . 
  if european states stay small and disunited , then in the future the options are basically limited to either playing second fiddle to the us , or hoping that the us and china are too preoccupied with each other to worry about europe . 
  a lot of people are of the opinion that neither option is ideal . 
  right up until they get invaded . 
  how well did those small indian empires fare when the british started showing up ? 
  how did belgium do when faced with the nazis ? 
  and cuba certainly prospered from having america nearby right ? 
  did poland do well when the soviets came knocking ? 
  or ukraine for that matter . 
  being small only allows you to be prosperous if you 've got a much bigger ally to protect you , or if all your neighbors are more preoccupied with each other than they are with you . 
  in either case , prosperity and even survival for small states are based entirely upon the good graces of other countries . 
  `` food '' is a strong word . 
  that depends on how you 're hanging them , does n't it ? 
  romanian man orders a hamburg , angering russia . 
  belorussian theaters screen team america , angering russia . 
  russian duma plays russian national anthem , angering russia . 
  it 's kind of a default response .
