  link seems to be broken . 
  i just get a blank white page that says `` file not found '', 
  i mean , you also probably should n't ignore the money depending on how big the cost for the visa is . 
  arbitrarily increasing the cost of my trip by a full 10 % like in the quote might give me pause . 
  * probably * would n't stop me on its own , but might make a few other options more appealing if i 'm on the fence with a few places . 
  can confirm . 
  lots of places i 'd like to go if i could just get on a plane and fly there . 
  up to five years in jail for calling someone a goat fucker . 
  wow . 
  anyone know if it looks like the turkish government actually * will * press charges though ? 
  according to the article , there 's nothing in stone yet . 
  well , hitler is n't legally entitled to be president , so i vote for him and avoid either of them getting elected . 
  but really though , trump is a shithead , but he 's not * literally * hitler . 
  pull your head out of your ass op . 
  my god . 
  europe will be over 150 % muslim !, 
  it 's not like there are n't a bunch of modern case studies which prove your points either . 
  making prostitution illegal does n't make it stop . 
  you 've still got a bunch of prostitutes , only now they 're more likely to have stds and get abused or killed because the state has turned a blind eye to their safety . 
  meanwhile , any money generated by the act is now going to criminals instead of business owners . 
  out of curiosity , what would happen if a non-muslim did n't shake hands with their teachers ? 
  the article states that it 's a `` custom '' , but does n't say anything about a rule . 
  the only reason i ask is because in my experience as a teacher , it 's actually surprisingly hard to * make * students do much of anything . 
  if a kid bothers to make a formal complaint about something they can usually get away with not doing it because most of the things we do in schools are really just unenforceable customs . 
  could a christian or an atheist get away with this ? 
  70 % of one category ( out of a total of 5 categories ) is whether weed is legal or not . 
  see , this kind of shit is why it 's hard to take these types of rankings seriously . 
  canada might be technically larger than america , but nearly the entire population lives within 100 miles of the american border . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  most houses i 've seen in massachusetts have ac of some kind , but i 'm not really sure if that 's representative of the whole state . 
  even in places that are n't desert , the heat can get pretty ridiculous . 
  it 's not like it 's rare to hit the high 90s in new england . 
  probably , but they 're also a lot quicker and cheaper than getting central air if you live in a house that was n't built with it . 
  after a quick run through wikipedia , it seems that it 's just really low road deaths . 
  the suicide rate in spain seems to be lower than any other country in the eu other than italy and greece . 
  also probably worth pointing out that most of russia is actually in asia . 
  additionally , `` west '' and `` east '' are ultimately arbitrary designations ; if you 're standing in siberia , then places like america can be more quickly reached by going east . 
  everything is simultaneously east and west of everything else . 
  he 's got an oddly specific definition of the phrases `` east '' and `` west '' , which only make sense with really inane interpretations . 
  how dare a country ask europeans to abide by the law ? 
  everyone knows that if a law violates the sensibilities of europeans it can be freely ignored . 
  ... so what does st\u00f6rerhaftung mean ? 
  all of the google results are in german . 
  i thought you were kidding . 
  oh god the butthurt over there is gold . 
  god damn loch ness monster !, 
  the god damn communists won is what happened . 
  we 're the resistance now . 
  quick , post burgers to fight back !, 
  yall could use some freedom ^ tm, 
  huh , good to know . 
  brb , writing a check to the irs . 
  does this actually still happen ? 
  i have n't been keeping tabs on the issue , but i thought it was bogged down in the courts due to being a potential violation of the 5th amendment . 
  it 's very important to us . 
  it is traditional for americans to lay with their guns each night . 
  we find it difficult to sleep when we are n't cuddled up to a loving ar . 
  oh , certainly . 
  this was discussed a lot in the previous thread about this topic , but basically everything being said about the guy is tabloid nonsense . 
  for example , just to address your quote , not only was it not the largest fleet in history ( obviously ) . 
  it was n't the largest fleet in * british * history . 
  it was n't even the largest british fleet in the mid 1700s ; the brits sent a fleet with almost double the number of ships to long island during the invasion of new york during the american revolution . 
  and of course , the naval battle itself resulted in something like a half dozen british ships being lost , with the main defeat being on land as you said . 
  the russian economy is n't a juggernaut , but 200 billion rubles is still less than 3 billion dollars if i 'm not mistaken . 
  it 's not a great situation , but it 's less bad than such a giant number would imply . 
  i 'm not even sure that cartagena was the biggest naval invasion of the 1700s . 
  during the battle of long island , the british sent more than 70 warships ( and about 300 other ships ) and 20,000 men to new york . 
  of course , it also sets a pretty troubling precedent . 
  break a law , and the government can strip your citizenship . 
  it only applies to imams * now * , but who 's to say it would never get expanded ? 
  i do n't think he 's talking about uefa , i 'm pretty sure he 's talking about european governments . 
  fifa has been involved with some pretty serious criminal fraud . 
  i should move to the czech republic . 
  you should n't be proud of your propaganda machine , you should be ashamed . 
  that shit is straight up amateur hour . 
  they did n't even fucking spellcheck . 
  you 've fallen hard ivan . 
  you have disgraced glorious soviet propaganda heroes . 
  i 'm not sure what bothers me more . 
  the fact that we 've got a blatant russian propaganda used to discredit the american military , or the fact that literally everything said in the video is incorrect . 
  not a rifle , does n't fire ak bullets , guy did n't aim or fire ten shots . 
  shit , get it together guys . 
  not every crime is deserving of a life sentence , but using a machine gun to try and kill cops plus an armed robbery probably warrants a bit more than 6 years . 
  it needs to be continental because if it 's not , terrorists can just get all of their materials and do their planning in a country which is still in the eu but outside of the net , and then just drive to wherever the attack is going to be . 
  the current method of having ton of different agencies just sharing information on an ad hoc basis clearly has a ton of holes in it . 
   who pays for it ? 
  and this is where it dies . 
  no one wants to front the money , and mos countries do n't want to sacrifice their national sovereignty to the eu , so this will never happen . 
   besides that i didnt now what partner citys are for . 
  i would too . 
  i think my city has 2 in europe ( italy and ireland i think ; i 'll find out the specific city tomorrow ) and 1 in south america . 
  i know this because it 's written on a street sign in kind of an odd location . 
  other than that , i 've got absolutely no idea what the relationship is supposed to be , and i 'm hoping that someone in here can explain . 
  no , all of the old testament was not rendered noncanon by jesus . 
  there 's a reason that it 's still part of the bible , still preached during mass , and still pontificated upon by theologians . 
  of course , you 've also got the book of revelation , which * is * in the new testament , and is entirely filled with stories about using insane amounts of violence to smite the unworthy . 
  maybe i 'm a bit offbase here , but it sort of sounds like you 're talking out of your ass about a book that you yourself admit that you 've never read . 
  but that ca n't be right . 
  this is the internet , no one does that here . 
  jesus himself might be what we today would consider a radical pacifist , but the reason that early christians did n't behead people often was because they were in the extreme minority .
