  despite the fact that the law is blatantly on this person 's side , tons of people are going to look at the ruling and have a kneejerk anti echr sentiment . 
  that only really holds true in more specialized positions . 
  if you 're developing a nuclear powerplant , then yeah , your qualifications are vastly more important than your language skills . 
  but if you 're doing anything that involves sales , customer service , education , or public outreach , as well as basically anything entry level , your ability to communicate with a larger client base is probably more useful than a degree . 
  almost certainly . 
  the ability to speak spanish is a * huge * selling point here . 
  most `` qualifications '' are things that can honestly be taught on the job most of the time , but having useful foreign language skills is something which is much less common to come across . 
  except there 's a massive difference between a specific death threat , and a mildly offensive question posed to a hypothetical person who likely does n't exist . 
  that unsourced , rambling mess of a powerpoint does n't support your claim though . 
  it 's got a single ( again unsourced ) quote about a colonel not liking it because it looks like a g36 . 
  the fact of the matter is that * none * of the tested guns were chosen to be the new standard issue , despite the fact that most ( all ? 
  i forget ) performed better than the m-16 line . 
  even if the asine argument that the xm8 was n't chosen becuase it looked like the g36 was true , it does n't explain why none of the other guns made the cut . 
   what does `` reevaulated priorities '' sound like to you ? 
  sounds like the dod could n't justify spending billions of dollars on new rifles which only marginally improve over existing ones . 
  they 're more reliable , true , but in an era where the overwhelming majority of enemy fatalities are inflicted via explosives and not rifle rounds , it just did n't make sense to them to bother with the change . 
  is there an actual source for that ? 
  nothing of the sort appears at all on the english xm8 or oicw pages , and there was an official announcement that the whole program was scrappd due to reevaulated priorities . 
  that 's not why the us did n't buy it . 
  the issue is that while it ( and most tested guns ) performed better than the m16 family rifles , they still were n't good enough to justify the huge costs associated with switching to an entirely new system . 
  no , but right now 10 of the 28 eu members are n't even spending 1 % of gdp on defense . 
  that was a very reasoned and well thought out point . 
   do you know what are real instead of potential threats of the future ? 
  global heating and the financial system . 
  both are gon na cause serious pain and both are time bombs . 
  then there is also over population and income inequality . 
  it 's not like there 's a cap on the number of potential threats . 
  just because those things are also potential problems , it does not negate the threat of armed conflict . 
   gee , you are aware that china is the biggest financier of the broke us economy ? 
  yes i would like to see a big war against china that has the us economy by the balls . 
  it 's gon na hurt . 
  china holds 10 % of american debt . 
  and further , even is your assertion was correct , you know what else also hurts ? 
  being invaded . 
  that 's not great for the economy either . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit . 
  i do n't think are are any eu states which * literally * do n't have an army , but very few of them can be considered capable to a serious degree . 
  not to mention potential threats in the future . 
  china 's the most obvious , but there could always be others . 
  you do n't just assume that because your house is n't currently on fire you 'll never need a fire extinguisher . 
  people like to blame the british for the lack of an eu army , but that 's just a scapegoat . 
  there 's 28 states in the eu , and even as it is , only about 4 of them even have an army right now . 
  most countries at present are n't willing to seriously pay for their own individual defense , but you 're telling me that now they 're all going to pay for mutual defense now that one of the only competent military actors is gone ? 
  hopefully i 'm wrong , because i think an eu army would be great , but i 'm pretty sure that once states get asked to start opening their pocketbooks for this , it will fizzle out . 
  i do n't know who he 's quoting , but his point still stands . 
  while america * as a whole * has a lot of gun violence , there 's a bunch of really mixed data on the state level . 
  idaho , a state in which more than half of all people own guns , has the 4th lowest homicide rate in the country . 
  maryland has the 10th lowest rate of gun ownership , and the second highest homicide rate . 
  rhode island , where only 5 % of the population is armed , has almost the same murder rate as west virginia , where 50 % of households have guns . 
  massachusetts , california , and dc all have restrictive gun laws , and the result is that the first has a below average homicide rate , the second is about average , and dc is at fucking third world levels . 
  new hampshire and louisiana both have lax gun controls , and they 're the safest and most dangerous states in the union . 
  there 's not a whole lot of clear-cut fact in the matter . 
  according to that very segment , you can carry a gun with a permit , and you can carry your military weapon * without * a permit . 
  citation needed . 
  switzerland seems like a pretty nice place . 
  i * think * what he 's saying is that if paris is less polluted in the future , it will be partly due america 's role in clamping down on vw pollution . 
   poland for example wont accept 200 muslim refugees , but can be expected to send even 200 soldiers to their deaths in a war which may not directly affect them ? 
  poland sent more than 2,000 soldiers into iraq . 
  they 'd probably be willing to throw a few hundred in for defending europe . 
  ~ ~ smurfs ~ ~ ultramarines reporting in to purge some heretics for the emprah !, 
  hey , if it aint broke , do n't fix it right ? 
  why ? 
  a pretty good chunk of our country is either mountainous or gets significant amounts of snow in winter . 
  * were * good for attracting business . 
  now that the shoe has dropped with apple , i ca n't imagine that many new companies are going to take up ireland 's offer of low taxes . 
  the issue with following australia 's lead on this is that you 're not australia . 
  australia is an island in the middle of the ocean 2000 miles away from anything else in the world . 
  europe sees more illegal immigrants in a month than australia sees in five years . 
  even if what australia does works ( and there 's some debate about that ) , simple geography wo n't let europe copy the plan . 
  the japanese had exactly zero claim to american oil . 
  they were n't owed anything . 
  you do n't get to make demands on resources which do n't belong to you . 
  if you want your shitpost to be accurate , it would look like this : `` you see officer , he said he was going to use my gasoline to burn down an orphanage , so i did n't sell it to him . 
  and then he stabbed me and tried to rob the register , so i shot him . '', 
  til not selling oil to a country blatantly engaged in genocide is provocation . 
  true , but it 's not like a soviet victory was inevitable . 
  a quarter of nazi forces were tied up waiting for an invasion from the west . 
  further , without the americans to worry about , the japanese could have turned their sights on russia . 
  still not an assured axis victory , but it 's not beyond the realms of possibility . 
  the paris attacks were n't even using civilian legal guns anyway , they were carried out with illegally smuggled weapons . 
  the `` dark ages '' are effectively a myth , or at worst greatly overstated . 
  or if apple will try and sue ireland . 
  you 've got kind of a distorted view of american history . 
   yeah but the us is until it 's civil war a sparsely populated agricultural world by 1860 , when the civil war happened , america had a larger population than britain . 
  even as early as the 1830s , the us is starting to rival the various european powers in population size and economic clout . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1860_united_states_census http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/interactive/animations/population/index_embed.shtml http://dmorgan.web.wesleyan.edu/materials/population.htm  that sees only a few external conflicts you can basically count on one hand the number of years in which the united states * has n't * been involved with an external conflict of some sort . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_the_united_states  on the other hand , europe is populated by countries that most have an uninterrupted history dated back to the dawn of civilization , this is a bit hyperbolic . 
  civilization arises in africa thousands of years before it shows up in europe . 
  the uninterrupted part is also completely false . 
  most european states have a history which can be considered `` uninterrupted '' only in the sense that the territory was continuously populated . 
  very few states have existed in forms which are even remotely similar to their present incarnations for more than about 5 centuries , with some being much younger . 
   even for the most fervent adherent to the european project , pride would simply not allow heir heritage to be undermined to the level of a us state . 
  you ca n't organize them like 13 farmlands . 
  the states were n't broken until the civil war . 
  the worst war in american history , which cost more american lives than all other conflicts put together until the korea/vietnam wars ( depending on who you ask ) . 
  the southern states in particular considered themselves to more or less be independent countries prior to that . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong , europe * obviously * has a much longer history than the us , and i 'm certainly not one of those people who claim that the differences between american states and european countries are equal these days , but these are some pretty egregious misconceptions . 
  all those eastern investments have finally paid off !, 
  `` eastern bloc wants eu to have different powers . '', 
  i 'm not sure why people are saying that the idea is contradictory or nonsensical , because it 's not .
