  this is like the 5th or 6th time we 've had a thread about the egg incident , so it 's kind of wearing thin . 
  where do you live that pizzas are $ 44 ? 
  what kind of godforsaken place is that ? 
  that 's a little excessive . 
  being smug and saying mean things on the internet are n't reasons to let them be obliterated . 
  it 's not like they 've insulted our cheese or anything serious like that . 
  right ? 
  why bother with real bullets if they 're using a fake gun ? 
  point of clarity , `` impeachment '' is just when the charges are officially leveled , * not * when the president is removed from office . 
  you can be impeached and keep the job . 
  it 's a common misconception , even in english . 
  the people claiming that the pipeline is a russian weapon and the people claiming that it 's a key element of energy security are n't the same people . 
  they also are n't contradictory viewpoints ; in fact , they 're directly related . 
  the fact that russian fossil fuels are key components in the economies of many european states is a security concern because it means that the russian government has very significant leverage . 
  in the present , russian gas is a benefit because you 're actually using the gas ; in the future it 's a weapon because the russians can always threaten to take it away . 
  just wait til that guy finds out that hitler ate sugar . 
  not sure if trolling . 
  this kind of logic is * exactly * why states join nato . 
  it 's a lot harder for a bully like russia to pick on you if you 're friends with an even stronger country like america . 
  i 'm not sure what angers me more . 
  the fact that you invented a pizzaburger , or that we did n't get it first . 
  alternatively , `` map of people most likely to lie on a survey '' . 
  i 'm shocked that there are people who believe that option . 
  7 % think that * japan * is the top global economy . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  this raises so many questions . 
  at least some of the asian countries that rated japan highly make sense due to geopolitics in the region , but what the hell are peru and russia doing putting it so highly ? 
  the entire country is a half million people and less than 1,000 square miles . 
  calling it just a city might be technically wrong , but speaking in practical terms it 's basically just a modestly sized metropolitan area and some outlying suburbs , with an economy based on international banking and tax evasion . 
   not true . 
  if the states had n't federated once becoming independent and instead wared among themselves like european states . 
  the one time we did that , it resulted in a conflict which was worse than all american wars combined until korea . 
  things could have gone * very * poorly for us . 
  the inferno is filled with reference to people that dante was mad at . 
  clearly , he must have put a lot of money on foreman to win that fight , thus mohammad ali has earned a spot in hell . 
  it does n't really seem that strange if you think about it a bit . 
  mohammed created a massive schism in the worship of the abrahamic god and created an institution which became an existential threat to christianity in the middle ages . 
  additionally , regardless of the impact of islam in and of itself , mohammed probably would have been recognized at the time as a pretty bad dude for his deeds alone . 
  additionally , he also had hundreds of years of demonization by this point , making it a lot easier to throw him into the pit . 
  saladin meanwhile was by most accounts of the time a rather virtuous and noble ruler , and he was recognized as such by many european christians . 
  the schism already existed , and he was simply carrying on with the faith of his ancestors . 
  despite being a very serious foe , he never really garnered a whole lot of hatred from westerners . 
  i 'm not sure if that makes things better or worse . 
  while some of the country has a homicide rate that is basically in line with or even lower than the rest of the developed world , we also have places like chicago , which have a homicide rate of * 27 * per 100,000 . 
  that 's literally third world level . 
  and ultimately it 's not really fair to point the finger at just a handful of localities and say that they 're skewing the data . 
  as of 2014 the homicide rate in the us was 4.1 per 100k if i 'm not mistaken , which was a 50 year low . 
  here 's a breakdown of homicide levels by state : https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/pressroom/sosmap/homicide.htm as you can see , 28 states were above the national average . 
  two states , louisiana and mississippi , were in the double digits . 
  while our murder rate is pretty abysmal compared to most of europe , there 's a nontrivial chance that there are more people in your city than there are in estonia . 
  i think we have nine that are bigger . 
  building the wall in the american context is n't * literally * impossible , it 's just a stupid waste of resources on a publicity stunt . 
  the majority of illegal immigrants in our country are people who have overstayed their visas , not people who walked across the border . 
  even if they were largely just walking across the border , that still does n't mean that you need a continuous wall across the entire thing ; a lot of the terrain is already very inhospitable and sees virtually no traffic . 
  the places that can easily be crossed on foot already are largely fenced and walled off . 
  and of course there 's the issue that a good chunk of the land along the border is privately owned , meaning the government would have to claim eminent domain on the property of thousands of people , which , while again can technically be done , would be very unpopular . 
  honestly , i do n't understand platypocalypse 's sentiment ; the ocean is a huge barrier that 's easier to patrol than land borders . 
  europe 's southern borders are weak because even after all this time there 's still not a whole lot of real political will or funding to change it . 
  the migrants are literally being ferried into europe as we speak . 
  they ca n't hack our elections if we do n't have elections !, 
  so if it 's used interchangeably in britain , and used exclusively in america , it seems that op is correct in asserting that the `` z '' is the one used by the majority of native speakers . 
  even in english , a fair amount of them are pretty literal . 
  `` vacuum '' `` earring ' `` gray hound '' `` toilet seat '' and `` peanut butter '' are all sort of ... shaped like themselves . 
  `` sea lion '' half counts , because it lives in the sea , but it 's not really a lion . 
  even if the study was sound ( which is questionable ) , the title is also super misleading . 
  `` 4 points per decade '' certainly implies that the trend has extended across multiple decades , not just one . 
  the ncaa is a multi billion dollar industry , and the people actually doing the labor are n't receiving meaningful compensation . 
  free tuition for a degree they 're not ever going to use is technically compensation i guess , but it 's totally out of whack with how much money they 're generating for their schools . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , germany legally * ca n't * extradite them to the us , can they ? 
  i vaguely recall seeing that get brought up before . 
  in regards to kathy griffin , there 's a huge difference between being investigated and being arrested . 
  as for the carter case , it 's pretty clear that she did cross a threshold . 
  the guy was in the process of killing himself , had second thoughts , and then was coerced to go through with it so that she could garner public sympathy for her `` loss '' . 
  germany wo n't be a superpower on par with the us obviously , but it still has a lot of weight that it can throw around if it so chooses . 
  i 'm being completely serious . 
  the us has been begging europe to pick up their military game for * decades * . 
  as for europe , it shows that the most important country in the union is actually serious about showing solidarity with the rest , especially the eastern europeans . 
  if you think i 'm joking , read through basically every thread that gets posted here on the subject . 
  `` germany does n't give a shit about us , at least the americans keep the russians away '' is an incredibly common sentiment on the periphery . 
  that 's assuming that the counterattack only takes place in the baltics though . 
  there 's thousands of american soldiers there . 
  there 's a real argument to be made that russia killing a few thousand americans could spur the us to launch a much larger attack . 
  i really hope this is legit . 
  nazi jokes aside , this would be a great development for both europe and the us . 
  is it at all plausible though ? 
  i had always heard that expanding military capability was incredibly unpopular in germany . 
  because in the real world , most people tend to have less than ideal trigger discipline when people are shooting at them . 
  further , most modern assault rifles have a fire rate of at least 500 rpm . 
  that means that , regardless of what gun we 're talking about , they 're going to eat through the standard 30 round magazine in just about 3 seconds . 
  if you want to only fire a few rounds , you 've got to get off the trigger in a fraction of a second . 
  it 's not impossible by any means , but it 's pretty easy to see how most rank-and-file enlistees would wind up just wasting all of their ammo . 
  i 'm not sure about europe , but in the us it violates the 5th amendment . 
  you have the right to not self-incriminate , so being coerced to provide evidence that can be used against you in the future , before you 've committed any crime , and while you 're too young to legally consent to the action is a very troubling thing . 
  i 'd imagine that lots of countries have similar types of laws . 
  it 's an unjustified invasion of privacy , and if it were ever abused by corrupt police , could have very dire consequences . 
  you say that the judges would take care of corrupt police , but how would a judge know the difference between a frameup and an actual crime ? 
  besides , would n't it just be easier to not give the police these kinds of tools to start with ? 
  i mean , from a completely theoretical , technical sense , it 's possible . 
  but in the practical realm , it 's not .
