  they want an eu with more external powers and fewer internal powers . 
  they want more eu military force to ward off states like russia , and weaker internal powers so the eu can meddle less in the affairs of member states . 
  it 's never going to happen , but it 's not like the idea in and of itself is stupid or nonsensical . 
  truly the america of europe . 
  i do n't know why it 's the treasury in particular making the calls , but foreign powers influencing other states is something that happens all the time . 
  anyway , the treasury is bringing the issue up is because it 's a very threatening precedent to make . 
  retroactively increasing the taxes on a company after they 've been legally promised a different rate is a pretty questionable thing to do . 
  it 's lying to foreign companies to attract business , and then punishing them when they take the bait . 
  your analogy with vw is a bit off though . 
  it seems that the implication is that if the eu starts doing things like this , the us might start doing it to european companies in response . 
  if germany threatened to take every american car off the road if they got caught cheating , it would be an apt comparison . 
  yes , it is . 
  but the fault lies with ireland for giving apple that deal , not with apple for agreeing to take it . 
  they paid the taxes that they were legally supposed to pay . 
  i do n't think that the concealed carry license is the problem . 
  chances are good that if you 're the type of person willing to go through the huge pain in the ass of legally obtaining a ccl instead of just wearing a holster under your jacket , you 're probably law abiding in general . 
  the bigger issue is that guns are just super easy to get in general , and there 's very little oversight in many places . 
  what oversight there is is done at the state level , which means you can get around it by just going to a different state . 
  and that 's * before * you run into the issue of people not securing their guns properly , leaving them open to get stolen or taken by other members of the family . 
  that 's a huge strawman argument there . 
  switzerland has incredibly high gun ownership , and has a fraction of the crime that america does . 
  even on the state level in the us , the correlation between gun ownership and homicide rates are all over the map with little uniformity . 
  the article says that they 're going after apple for `` tax avoidance '' , not `` tax evasion '' . 
  retroactively demanding millions of dollars from a company which was not legally responsible to pay is n't a good precedent to set . 
  the treasury is saying that if the eu has a problem with companies paying taxes they should fix their tax laws , not arbitrarily decide to punish foreign companies on protectionist grounds . 
  exactly . 
  either everyone should be allowed to express themselves in a non-obtrusive manner , or no one should . 
  picking and choosing is unfair . 
   you , but selling weapons worth billions of pounds/euros / $ to those people over there while pretending that you 're still a democratic and western country that follows the rule of law is absolute bullshit . 
  guess that western countries do n't exist then , because just about all of them do that . 
  the only western states that do n't export to tin pot dictatorships are the ones that do n't have arms industries and import themselves . 
  what image is that exactly ? 
  what if they were jews wearing yarmulkes ? 
  or christians wearing crosses ? 
  if those things are banned , then it 's perfectly reasonable for the hijab to be banned if as well . 
  if they 're allowed , the hijab should be allowed . 
  eurabia, 
  where are they getting all these grenades though ? 
  you think they 'd be kind of hard to come by . 
  i 'm not sure if bacon wrapped bullets are more effective , but they 're certainly more delicious . 
  not to mention that phelps got * silver * in one of his events . 
  the most decorated olympian in history and the best swimmer in the world lost one of his events . 
  if that can happen in the most lopsided event in the games , it can sure as hell happen in most of the common events . 
  they 've stopped more than pig heads . 
  and bullets * certainly * were more effective than pork during the fighting in the philippines . 
  i think the bullets we used were probably more effective . 
  motherfucking tajikistan . 
  not if you work for google !, 
  soon ... 
  depends on who 's doing the reading . 
  some agencies can directly act , other pass the info off to other government agencies , who then take action . 
  do n't get me wrong , people who complain about invasion of privacy but put all of their lives online are silly . 
  but there 's a pretty radical difference between what google can do to fuck up your life and what the government can do . 
  the difference is that google ca n't send men with guns to your house . 
  it 's not `` real sport '' big like baseball or football , but it 's a pretty popular amateur thing , especially as you climb the socioeconomic ladder . 
  it 's a hell of a lot more popular than badminton though . 
  presumably , you 'd have to check them into baggage . 
  i do n't think they 'd let you onto a plane carrying one . 
  that 's a false argument for a few reasons . 
  1 : we 've got enough nukes to kill everyone in the world several times over . 
  that 's different from destroying the world . 
  we do n't have anywhere near enough to do that . 
  it 's kind of pedantic , but we may as well be accurate . 
  2 : more importantly , stockpiles are so large because it insures second strike capabilities . 
  it 's assumed that , in the event of a nuclear war , there 's a reasonable possibility that the majority of your stockpile will be destroyed on the ground or in transit . 
  if you do n't have enough nukes to still wipe your enemy out with a second strike , you have to rely on a first strike . 
  and if your enemy knows that you need to have a first strike , it pushes them to strike first as well . 
  cutting the arsenal by 90 % radically reduces national security . 
  i wonder if this nooscope has anything to do with the noosphere from stalker : shadow of chernobyl ... cheeki breeki confirmed, 
  this article is great . 
  it 's got stupidity coming in on all sides at once . 
  one the one hand , the eu is only winning because they get 20 times the slots of individual countries . 
  on the other , the eu would still be winning even without the uk . 
  and for the trifecta , that table is n't being put out by the eu , it 's being put out by a german telecommunications company . 
  telegraph wins gold in shitposting . 
  not to mention that the diesel car market is basically nonexistant . 
  if it 's not a truck , it runs on gas . 
  honestly , basketball is a bad example because the competition is so lopsided . 
  it 's just like swimming with phelps or running with bolt . 
  it does n't matter if you could send ten teams , none of them are going to beat the american team . 
  it matters more in other events where competition actually exists . 
  for example , in women 's eight rowing , the difference between first place and last place was 7 seconds , in an event which took over 6 minutes . 
  any of the teams that competed had a chance at winning . 
  in men 's 62 kg weightlifting , not only did the world record holder not get gold , he did n't even finish the event . 
  in a sport where the difference between the best and the rest is n't an insurmountable gap , having more participants gives you a better chance at gold . 
  that 's a complete strawman argument . 
  no one is sending their three best athletes and then seventeen random people , they 'd send their top twenty , all of which are fairly close in ability to each other . 
  there 's no such thing as an undisputed best in most sports . 
  for every event with a bolt or phelps , there 's 20 with no clear frontrunner . 
  getting to send ten times as many participants as anyone else lets you cast a really wide net . 
  it 's a team event . 
  that 's a bs argument and you know it . 
  yes , there are a handful of events that are completely dominated by a single athlete , but they 're the exception , not the rule . 
  most competitions are completely up in the air , with everyone having at least a shot . 
  your argument is extra ironic because jessica ennis only has 1 medal ; * silver * . 
  but there 's apparently more than 200,000 cars in amsterdam . 
  the eu as it stands can theoretically send 27 times as many athletes as the us is allowed to . 
  in almost every event , there are at least 5 times as many eu athletes as any other individual country . 
  that 's one hell of a handicap you get to use . 
  of course , it might have something to do with the fact the eu , when taken as a whole , has roughly 20 times as many participants in each event as any individual country .
