the thumbnail looks like they 're having the sickest rave of 2017, 
  i know right anyone got a link ? 
  lord and saviour erdogan, 
  ah , the accent that will make your ears bleed . 
  how many times do people want to post this in this sub ? 
  brilliant, 
  mate , iron bru is amazing and so is caribbean crush lucozade . 
  good , i can finally identify as an apache attack helicopter, 
  yeah i think i posted that comment a bit too early, 
  this is one of the best maps i have ever seen !, 
  why does n't it have many upvotes ? 
  what, 
  they should 've used this for brexit propaganda, 
  what the fuck is up with that bacon, 
  what an absolute sort, 
  she got nothing on queen liz tho, 
  no one wants to read those 3 anyway, 
  must 've dropped my mixtape, 
  thought that was jimmy saville at first glance, 
  i love how people try and sing the guitar solo, 
  only if we get permission from the stewards, 
  no pyro no party, 
  i never need to look hard to find the uk in this sorts of posts because we 're always highlighted for some reason ... 
  ones a terrorist sympathiser , the others a terrorist funder ... brilliant . 
  glad london is n't he only city that has a dildo for a building, 
  we want the eu to punish us, 
  oooooo you 're hard, 
  they deserve what they get, 
  goooooooooood, 
  `` the next few years will be the hardest in 20th century in europe '' so you think it 's going to get worse than ww1 , ww2 and the holocaust ? 
  ` tabloids ' be careful, 
  the muslim women is a portsmouth fc fan, 
  it 's actually called a hung parliament because of jezzas massive cock, 
  police were on the scene within 2 minutes of the first call , terrorists were dead within 8 minutes ... how is that slow ? 
  i agree, 
  halal in the streets , haram in the sheets, 
  same lol, 
  may wants to stop terrorism by regulating he internet ... 
  meanwhile corbyn wants to stop terrorism by ending the sales of weapons to saudi . 
  was that the festival liam gallagher was meant to be playing at ? 
  it 's god save the queen all over again, 
  deciding who to vote for in this election is like deciding which sexually transmitted disease you 'd most like to contract . 
  music was around before your country was even a country, 
  besides manchester and edinburgh , i would n't want to live anywhere north of birmingham . 
  scotland : - irn bru - accents - scottish highlands - edinburgh wales : - gareth bale - sheep - cool flag ni : - will griggs ' on fire ireland : - accents - countryside - sense of humour france : - food - incredible national football team - french alps, 
  ` sea shells sea shells on the sea shore ' ` peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers ', 
  katie hopkins and i have no idea why she is famous, 
  forgive me, 
  i 'm very biased here but i think the uk and greece are the two greatest contributors . 
  greeks were the foundation of them all and the uk furthered it . 
  darwin , hawking , flemming , brenner , newton , hume , russel etc. 
  other than the us and maybe australia , the only foreign tv show i 've watched was a swedish / norwegian show ( i think ) called ` the bridge ' . 
  it was decent but i feel like i miss a lot when i have to keep looking at subtitles . 
  same could be said for your flair, 
  irish accents are amazing \u2764, 
  the whole of london and the south ( east ) is rather expensive , it does get cheaper the further north you go however , for what you 're paying for , the houses in america seem better value for money . 
  also escape to the country is a great show but it 's also quite old so the prices are outdated . 
  house prices in that show are from times such as 2008 ( financial crash ) where prices were a lot lower . 
  i 'm sure it depends massively on location in both countries but a 3-bed semi in england could be the same price as a 4-bed detached house in america . 
  we have cheaper healthcare , they have cheaper ( and much bigger ) houses . 
  ucl is a place where lots of foreign students study , so they 'll be well equipped and well informed with information for you . 
  hey , do n't insult the cows like that !, 
  our music, 
  hopefully soon and hopefully by someone with brains , which seems hard to find these days ... 
  south east england - 3 bed house is around # 350,000 to # 500,000 - 4 bed is # 500,000 to # 800,000 - 5 or more beds is usually over or around # 1mil . 
  no idea about apartments . 
  overall it 's way too expensive but the average person / family around here probably could afford it . 
  great producers of music , film and technology , probably have the nicest national parks of any country in the world , good food , questionable government , over the top with guns , the americans i 've met have been lovely and i 'd love to go there one day . 
  and i 'm sorry but ` y' all ' makes me cringe . 
  most mediterranean countries . 
  somewhere which has guaranteed nice weather basically . 
  watch ' a place in the sun ' tv programme, 
  london calling - the clash, 
  the educated people who know what taxes do would still pay . 
  do n't know about the others though . 
  i like the cali accent on girls and the cowboy accent on everyone . 
  the worst is the ghetto accent . 
  at first i thought they were fine , until i went abroad . 
  then i realised how fucking stupid they are ... 
  but like you said they 're just taps so it 's not something i ever complain about ( apart from now ) . 
  when we turn the tap on it 's either hot or cold , no in between . 
  football 2 . 
  cricket / tennis, 
  tesco meal-deals . 
  europe : uk or sweden north america : us ( still love you canada ) south america : argentina africa : south africa oceania : australia asia : singapore, 
  we 've got five guys so i 'll say taco bell, 
  no problem bbe xx, 
  i will confirm it for him , yes the uk . 
  - the two wars did n't help financially . 
  - the people did n't want an empire , which is why churchill was n't re-elected after ww2 . 
  - the colonies did n't want to be ruled . 
  ( i am not a historian and this is all rough knowledge from what i 've picked up , so i could be wrong ), 
  the local chav, 
  italian , it 's so cute . 
  if their humour is dark and you know the people involved wo n't be offended , go ahead . 
  as long as the person you 're pretending to be polite to , thinks your ( fake ) politeness is genuine , then there is no problem . 
  we want to be polite but we do n't actually give a fuck, 
  well they did get bombed by them , twice . 
  i 'd say canada , aus and nz are runners up behind the us if we 're talking allies . 
  if you want a common hatred for the english then you can literally be friends with most countries ...
