  there 's about another 51 in a year , i think that gives people * plenty * of time to learn a new language . 
  people who can type really fast sometimes do n't bother with copy/paste and just type short texts manually . 
  i certainly know i do . 
  well , it 's not like our bars offer a hundred different beers , it 's usually 5 or 6 . 
  but that evening , no matter who ordered a beer , it was a zwickl . 
  if i had n't known better , it could 've totally been a pr event . 
  you guys * do * love schwechater zwickl , though . 
  never seen so many people order the same beer in a bar . 
  russia and china do so , too . 
  eastern germany is the worst place to look , as most people learned russian til 1990 . 
  even the young people , while still a better choice , will need time to catch up to their western counterparts . 
  their parents ca n't help them at all in a majority of cases , making the process of learning another language more difficult . 
  come back in 20 years and hopefully there wo n't be such a massive difference . 
  they get 340 $ in germany and living expenses in germany are way higher , without a doubt . 
  immigrants made a surplus of 22 billion euro in germany in 2012 . 
  you seriously have no clue about football or ultras then . 
  most right-leaning ultras in germany are in clubs in the east . 
  the majority of ultras in the west are either non-political or left-leaning . 
  well , the punishment * is * harsher than that . 
  that 's just some random dude on the internet hoping they get a big fine , he 's not german law or something . 
  if you 're pounding 5 beer per hour , you 're going to die before you get to sleep anyway , so why even bother, 
   tap sold separately . 
  the picture you posted already has a built-in tap , though . 
  look here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q--hlr1tyue it 's in german , but you can probably see what 's happening quite easily . 
  beer in germany can be even cheaper . 
  if you 're counting a full-time position ( 40h/week ) with the minimum wage of 8.50 $ / h , you 're getting 1.080,12 a month ( after taxes , no kids , single , no tax allowance , not in the church ) . 
  our cheapest beer is 0.29 $ per 50cl can . 
  that puts you at 3724 beers per month . 
  or in other words : you could drink 5 beers every hour of the day , 30 days non-stop . 
   would they become homeless without benefits ? 
  do n't your families take care of each other ? 
  what if you only have relatively few relatives who are either dead , old or struggling with finances themselves ? 
  of course not everybody would become homeless , but those without a supportnetwork to catch them definitely will . 
  i personally do n't know my father , i 've stopped contact with my mom and with my grandma . 
  i 'm not close to my uncle and he 's living a hippy-kind of lifestyle anyway , so i probably could n't ask him for money , either . 
  if anyone of them dies , i 'm going to inherit basically nothing . 
  they 're all renting tiny 2bed room apts , nobody owns a house in my family . 
  i could sleep in the living room at best . 
  in my case , i still have my so and her family , but if we were to break up , i really would n't have any major support to keep me afloat for any extended period of time . 
  aka `` i 'm a lazy piece of shit , but i also want to ridicule the people who put in some kind of effort '' ? 
  alrighty then , have a good one, 
  because it probably was . 
   there 's these money for you , so do n't worry that you spent xx years in education i have a feeling that people who spent a high amount of time in education are n't the ones who have trouble finding a job long-term . 
  also , it 's decidingly less depressing than `` you did n't manage to find a job during the last 2 years , so you might as well become homeless instead '' . 
  `` i 'm going ballistic everytime a wessi claims we did n't work enough in the east . 
  that 's nuts !, 
  we did n't work !, 
  we did n't work * at all * !, 
  whoever 's saying anything different lies . '', 
   if you split all jobs into 3 and pay 3 people a third of the full-time wage , did you just fix unemployment ? 
  if those wages are enough to support yourself without outside assistance , then yes , you pretty much did . 
  i can live pretty okay on 450 $ a month . 
  i share a 2bedroom apartment with my so ( we share rent pretty much 50/50 , she earns 450/month as well ) , i have decent internet , tv , i can eat well ( i cook 5 or 6 times a week using fresh vegetables and/or meat ) , i can go out drinking/clubbing every now and then , i can afford to buy clothes i need ( fast fashion stuff like h&m , but hey , it keeps me dressed well enough ) . 
  my life is n't exactly great , but it 's decent . 
  i prefer this to being employed full-time at a physically demanding job with a shit payrate , to be honest . 
  i do n't want to live like that for the rest of my life ( although i * do * enjoy all my freetime ) , but i 'd consider myself employed and self-sufficient enough not to appear in some kind of unemployment statistic . 
  really the biggest downside to living like this is that you ca n't save up much cash and you definitely ca n't make any big purchases . . but otherwise it 's fine . 
  also , i 'm completely aware that this would n't work everywhere in germany . 
  i 've been lucky with the rents in my area , you 'd probably have a hard time finding a room with that money in munich for example . 
  give a better source then instead . 
  i referred to man-made differences and inequalities , as should 've been clear from one man kicking the other in the above metaphor . 
  i do n't believe there are inherent genetic inequalities between people with different skin colors , it just so happens that minorities that have been repressed for centuries have a harder time getting up to our level , because of our own wrong-doings . 
  i 'm absolutely sure , even if we did n't help them , they might eventually make it themselves , but why wait for them to make it on their own when we can just help ? 
   would it help to keep distinguishing people by their height or would it be preferable to try to treat everyone equally despite them being whatever height ? 
  short people do n't have a century-long history of being systematically oppressed , so they 're not as much of a priority . 
  that 's hardly comparable . 
  let 's assume there 's a race about to start . 
  shortly before the race starts , man1 kicks down man2 . 
  to ensure a fair race , you need to help man2 get up . 
  saying `` oh well , these two men are completely equal and helping one guy is unfair '' would be just wrong . 
  there * are * differences and inequalities . 
  because * we * fostered them . 
  it 's in our best interest to get them back on our level , and once that happened , we can truely be equal . 
  he quoted that part directly from op 's submitted link . 
   blacks and latinos are given preferential treatment for college acceptance . 
  mostly because they 've been enslaved for a few hundred years and we 're trying to get black people back on the level of white people . 
  we need to create a common baseline before we can start treating everyone equal . 
  this is usually called affirmative action or positive discrimination in the us , although it has other terms in other countries . 
   white privilege ( or white skin privilege ) is a term for societal privileges that benefit white people in western countries beyond what is commonly experienced by the non-white people under the same social , political , or economic circumstances . 
  culturally , the ukraine does n't belong to the western countries , thus your entire comment does n't make much sense . 
  read up the wikipedia article about white priviledge , it gives a mostly unbiased view of that white priviledge is supposed to be . 
   tumblr and reddit are far-left sjw hugboxes ?!, 
  well , with * parts * of those communities they 're actually not that far off . 
  i mean , the term sjw is heavily intertwined with tumblr , and when you take a look at srs , they 're not exactly your average populace , either . 
  i 'd definitely describe a part of tumblr as well as reddit as far-left . 
  then again they seem aware of that , partly . 
  i mean , take a look at / r/worldnews and i do n't even know why the fuck these guys think they have to do any recruiting here . 
  i really , * really * hope that those far-right subs are just nazis recruiting other nazis trying to recruit nazis . 
  i mean , stormfront is trying to recruit on here , too ... 
   ( besides my feet smell horrible ) probably because you 're wearing your shoes all day long . 
  shoes need to air out , as do feet . 
  ask anyone over the age of 60 and they 'll tell you that just about everything this generation does is fowl . 
  i could list at least 10 places ( all of them small villages ) that have n't seen a non-western person living there in the last 25 years * at least * and you 'd still find people spitting on the ground . 
  and as soon as the guy takes his hands out of his pockets , it 's an obvious sign he 's seething with rage , basically trembling due to his anger . 
  that `` schueberfouer '' would be a completely normal village fair here . 
  my city of 250k people is doing that like 4 times a year . 
  like if that 's a point in your favour , you need to check out other countries . 
  urgently !, 
  for what it 's worth , in germany a double consonant proclaims that the vowel before it needs to be shortened . 
  an h after a vowel can prolong the vowel on the other hand .
