it 's because these labels are so outdated , even `` a '' machines can only be sold if they 're old stock iirc . 
  every new freezer/fridge is `` a + '' , it goes up to `` a + + + '' by now . 
   and so like that , russia will do whatever the fuck it wants in ukraine , because everyone is too terrified to attack a white russian truck . 
  could n't they just . . you know , open and search all the trucks , instead of instantly shooting at them ? 
  i mean , you * do * have a certain point , but it 's not like ukraine will just shoot or bomb every white russian truck they see for the next 2 months . 
  bonus points because it rhymes, 
  for about a week . 
  imagine being a daily commuter , i 'd be pissed after a while . 
  `` tram in probe '' is the german equivalent to this , although nobody would say it like that . 
  but i could understand it at least . 
  out of the top10 posts from that frontpage right now , only one is a question , most others are news articles . 
  there 's a lot of people asking questions , sure , but i would n't really say they 're dominating the sub or something . 
  / r/de and the linked subs in the sidebar are a lot better to actually discuss certain things or have some sort of social interaction with other germans , though . 
  although the users tend to kreiswichs just a little bit . 
  but that 's what he heavily implied . 
  oh , alright , totally missed that . 
  thanks !, 
  i thought you referred to kava coffee . 
   i 'm against all smoking in general . 
  you can eat it , you can vape it , you can make drinks out of it . 
  who cares if this is about weed or any other topic , magadget did n't attack weed , he attacked the methodology . 
  fuck people trying change something via democratic measures , right ? 
  even though you probably know better and this is a joke , i 'll just link the wiki page for anyone who does n't know about kava : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kava, 
  it says in the link it required 38k signatures from poland . 
  that 's * slightly * less than a million . 
  where did you get that million signatures figure from ? 
  it states on the site they need to reach the threshhold in at least 7 eu countries , and that treshold differs from country to country . 
  shorting it like that makes it look like e. coli . 
  we missed out on bananas , but we did n't starve . 
  not even close . 
  what is up with religious people always living in the south of a country ? 
  it 's the same in germany , the more south you go , the more religious it becomes . 
  and texas in the us is n't exactly super atheist either . 
  is that coincidence or is there actually a reason behind this ? 
  [ nsu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) is a horrible abbreviation for a student union . 
  same for germany , although they 're usually only a week or two . 
  well , east-germany certainly has a good chunk of germany 's population , so that idea seems reasonable at least . 
  assumption : because your country is smaller , a lot more people are close to borders and thus know the significance of speaking english . 
  whereas in germany , you 'd have to drive some hours in some parts to even come close to a border . 
  or maybe you have more foreigners ( further highlighting the need to speak english ) ? 
  his flair says `` expat '' , so i assume he 's moved to somewhere that has the euro . 
  `` gut & g\u00fcnstig '' translates into `` good & cheap '' , it 's a budget brand in germany . 
  i thought that was pretty clear , otherwise that would mean germany does n't have a speed limit at all . 
  we do have plenty of speed limits . 
  look at my flair , buddy . 
  i 'm as german as can be . 
  however i do n't really have a problem calling a person by their name all the time . 
  instead of saying `` die conchita hat gesungen '' you could easily just say `` conchita hat gesungen '' , works well in probably every situation . 
  at least i ca n't think of any situation where it would n't work . 
  but it 's common to refer to dragqueens with the gender of the character they 're on stage with . 
  so jakius was n't all that wrong when he said she . 
  ca n't really go wrong with just calling them by their name all the time . 
  there 's also a pretty recent one from / r/berlin www.reddit.com/r/berlin/comments/23oo4h/i_made_a_loosely_translated_version_of_berlins_s/, 
  i can see why this person * would n't * face discrimination . 
  guy looks like he knows how to throw a punch . 
  http://i.imgur.com/kw8ev4o.jpg that guy is looking pretty russian to me . 
  so pretty much just like north korea . 
  well , but you * do * have drive-by 's , shootouts and high speed chases . 
  for a german , that 's fucking spectacular . 
  hell , i just have to look over to detroit and what 's happening there . 
  i know detroit is your cesspool of crime and all , and i know a lot of the descriptions on reddit are a good bit exaggerated , but for someone from germany , what 's happening there is fucking crazy . 
  denmark is to sweden what north korea is to china . 
  a bufferzone from germany ( or the us in china 's case ) . 
  you 're most likely white . 
  unless you look obviously russian , you 're not going to be a victim of racism as often ( or at all ) as people who have darker skin . 
  at least from my experience . 
  you 're allowed to grow your own , but there are certain legal restrictrions . 
  i think in washington you 're allowed to grow 4 plants per person ( unless you 're licensed to sell/distribute , i assume ) . 
  in colorado there is a more lax restriction , but iirc you 're only allowed to keep an ounce of weed outside of your growroom or something oike that . 
  it 's legal for medical use in germany . 
  the problem is acquiring the prescription . 
  i think there are approx . 
  200 people in germany who can legally use non-synthetic cannabisflowers / - extracts . 
  i 'm not entirely sure on that number though , it could quite possibly be a bit lower . 
  if you 're small/tall or go to the gym regularly , bmi most likely does n't apply to you anyway . 
  bmi was designed for populations , not for individuals . 
  i * am * the child of a poor single mother . 
  never had a nanny , i regularly had to wear a jacket indoors in the winter up until i was 12 because we had to heat with coal ( and it takes plenty of time to heat up a room using coal ) , nobody shunned me for being poor ( i chalk that one up to growing up among lots of poor kids ) , and no , being poor absolutely did not stop me from going outside . 
  being poor makes you go outside more , because there 's nothing indoors you can do . 
  you 're bored as fuck , you do n't have a ton of toys . 
  you ca n't possibly think that poor children will stay inside more . 
  that 's the complete opposite of what i and all of my poor friends did all my life . 
  my mum earned ~ 10,5 k a year ( while working approx 50 hours a week ) . 
  while i understand there are probably poorer children out there , or children whose lives differ from mine , i have a really freaking hard time believing what you wrote because of my own experiences . 
  do you happen to have sources for any of your statements ? 
  that 's why you get one fucking year instead of one week . 
  how hard is it to understand that if you have 52 times the amount of time , you should be able to learn a * little * bit more than a few sentences ? 
  they do n't need contract jobs , they get a year of welfare for free . 
  that 's one year without work to learn the language . 
  taking care of kids does n't somehow take more time because you 're poor . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  why would n't a single mother be able to learn a language just because she has a child at home ? 
  my mom was a single mother and she worked somewhere from 50 to 60 hours a week . 
  children learn to be at least somewhat self-sufficient at a young age if they 're given the chance . 
  6 hours a week is a pretty reasonable amount of time to ask from a single mother . 
  that 's about an hour per evening after you 've put your kid to bed . 
  because one year for basic dutch is equivalent to `` learn basic chinese in a month , no internet , nor alternative learning material you can purchase yourself ( or ask from friends ) , nor teachers , nor people you might know who speak dutch themselves , and your only choice of learning is via this book you are given '' ? 
  it 's one year time and you do n't have to work full-time ( because , you know , welfare benefits ) . 
  this is absolutely doable . 
  tarambor 's example * absolutely is * relevant because he learned some basic french sentences on a conversational level in one freaking week .
